<Author>Hampton555
<Content>Perfect location and quiet setting...... Wow! After reading sooooooo many negative reviews, my beau and I almost cancelled our stay, but glad we didn't. Upon late arrival after a long flight from VA, we were shocked to be upgraded (at no cost!) to a king bedroom. Yes, the decor wasn't my atste, but hey! I wasn't purchasing a room!! Our suite was huge and had all the ammenites you'd expect. The bathroom was upgraded and extra clean, pleasing me beyond words! Best of all, since we were in towm apartment hunting for three days, we couldn't believe our luck at being so central to everything! We awoke every day to some of the best dark, strong coffee i've had since Europe, then treked down to Fisherman's Wharf for exersize (just a mile hike on some amazing hills!) to return to a heafty amount of free breakfast. It was enough to sustainus through to a late day big meal then a light dinner. AND we were thrilled to find some of the best restaurant options right around the corner in the neightborhood. Wouldn't suggest walking the area late at night alone and we did see alot of homeless people hanging around corners and whatnot. Use your head. Many europeans staying during the same time. We had a great time, would stay again and recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeadsOfLight
<Content>Lovely, Charming Hotel This lovely old-style San Francisco hotel has a lot of charm and ambiance for a QUIET, weekend romantic getaway. My husband and I loved it! The antique furnishings combined nicely with the modern plumbing and usual things we expect. I was surprised to see so many negative reviews - I almost didn't book this place because of them. What I would say is if you are the type who likes corporate hotels where all rooms look the same and have the same furnishings, and know what to expect every step of the way, this might not be for you. But if you like to enjoy the unique quality of San Francisco, maybe even the victorian type ambiance, this is the place to stay! We did not NEED air conditioning (someone's review complained about lack of) - SF temperatures rarely get over 65-70掳F, so the rooms are not hot. We had a courtyard- facing room, with the windows open the whole time, and it was almost as quiet as our home in the mountains/redwood forest! I am a light sleeper and was not awakened at all by city noises, as I had expected to be. I brought earplugs but did not need to use them. So if you are adverse to city noise, ask for a courtyard room. We even heard less siren activity than expected. Easy walk to nice restaurants, and short cab ride to Union Square or Fisherman's Wharf. An EXCELLENT PLACE TO STAY!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>hprocket13
<Content>Great priace, fun room! In reading the reviews, I was somewhat weary about booking a place like this (lots of people talked about the seedy area, bad service and rooms, etc). But for the price and the location, it was well worth it. The front desk woman, Kiki, was completely helpful and friendly. My boyfriend and I stayed there for one night to see a show at the Fillmore, only a short cab away, and were pleasantly surprised at the room...very Victorian, but not creepy, the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was large. I wouldn't say this is exactly a family hotel, or business for that matter, but for couples or singles, it was awesome. Don't get me wrong, we did see some prostitutes on our cab ride home, and when checking out a homeless man did do magic tricks for a cigarette, but I never felt uncomfortable or scared. It's San Francisco, not middle America. Well worth it. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LADYBUG1976
<Content>Tenderloin Hotel - Sleezy If you go to wikipedia.com you will see that although they call this hotel a Nob Hill hotel, in reality it falls within the confines of the Tenderloin....undisputably the single worst area in all of San Francisco. Sex workers, Johhs, winos, drug addicts are all less than a minutes walk away and at night they'll be right on your doorstep!!What the hotel describes as quaint and romantic, I describe as dangerous and seedyAlso, our room was the size of a postage stamp and the staff were unbelievably rude and tried to overcharge us for our bill.Steer well clear!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>mattieog
<Content>Tendernob Calling itself the Nob Hill Hotel is a bit of a misnomer, it is situated in an area between nob hill and the tenderloin, which the locals call the Tendernob,therefore it can be a little bit edgy,there is a few junkies and trannies milling about the place. I stayed at the nob hill hotel in december 2006. I never had any problems there or in the district. The hotel itself i found quaint. It had everything i needed, it was cleaned regular, i found the staff helpful, easy access for buses and cable cars. I tried the restaurant once and found that to be a complete disaster! anyone staying there i would recommend visiting nearby Polk Street, it has some nice restaurants and bars and is off the beaten track. I plan to stay there again my next trip to San Francisco  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>candidreview
<Content>Extremely overpriced bed and breakfast We had booked two rooms at this hotel for our employees in lack of other available hotel rooms in San Francisco at the time due to a huge convention taking place for a whole week. The hotel we were intended to be at was full.We had called to reserve a second room as one had already been reserved prior, just to find that the initial reservation had actually been cancelled by the hotel! Although the hotel did try to correct this and re-establish the confirmation as we had no time to book elsewhere and the city's hotels were full, the customer service by a woman called Kiki was deplorable. She was very odd. Rude and very argumentative without any proper reason for behaving in this manner. Strapped of time we managed to get a second room booked for a rate of $350. The rate, we found, was extremely exaggerated. Our employee told us the (second) room was so tiny you could barely move about and had cockroaches and sewage smell in the room that had come from wet sewage that were leaking to the floor. The noise level from the street had been bad the whole night that the employee could not sleep and had been up since 3 am. The hotel was basically a bed and breakfast with room rates of a 5 star establishment.We will not book with this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>saphireLA
<Content>Awful The management at this hotel were very rude and ill mannered. I dont know where they were from (there accents were foreign), but they will leave you with the feeling that you have just visited a corrupt third world country right in the middle of san francisco, USA. You constantly get the feeling that they are after any little way to surreptitiously part you from your dollars, through one underhanded scheme or another.When we went down to the front desk to complain about being brazenly overcharged - we found that we were not alone.be very wary of these 'characters'- DON'T STAY HERE!!!!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>upupandawayPerth
<Content>One of the worst hotel that i've stay in The room is very small, you open the door, and there the bed, with barely room to walk around the bed. You will bump into each other if there's two people in the room. No air cond. in the room. I was told by the woman at the reception that people in San Fran don't use air cond ! It was late and i couldn't get another hotel so i stayed over night there. I've book for two nights, but decided to check out one day early. I've paid for two nights, so that is not a problem, i didn't ask for my money back for the second night, but what really upset me was when i was asked to pay an extra $56 because i wanted to check out early !!! ie. They got paid for the room; they could rent it out again when i check out, and yet they wanted $56 more because i wanted to check out early, saying that it's a standard charge ! I ended up staying in another near by hotel for the second night and come back to Nob Hill and check out in the morning. My experience in San Fran is partly spoiled by my experience at the Nob hill Hotel, so pls be warned.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>MsUK
<Content>It was ok...but We stayed here for two nights and we stayed in the hot tub suite.... the room was tiny and my husband was very disappointed, for the money he was probably right, but I liked it I thought it was quaint and it was well decorated and clean. The staff could have been nicer and breakfast in the restaurant was awful, tableclothes were filthy and very basic. My problem with this hotel is they have sent us three flyers offering us rooms at $68 per night, the last one was for the month of July 2007. We would like to take them up on their offer, the first time I called I was told to call back nearer the time and the attitude of the staff that I spoke to was not good. I emailed them and got no reply and now ofcourse they do not have a room. Would I stay here again I am not sure but I did like the room pity about the people!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Abracadabraman
<Content>Enchanted Stay This was a magnificent come back. Our first attempt to stay here turned out to be a change of plans due to some unexpected plumbing problem. We were very disappointed and had to stay elsewhere. After a year passed my lady and I wanted to try again. Angelo of the Nob Hill Hotel mentioned he would compensate us in some way. We'll he did more than that and gave us a complimentary one night stay in the most enchanting romantic room with windows that face a courtyard garden. We travel frequently and seek historic inns, bbs, and hotels. This hotel has an elegant entry with period art decour, marble floor and antique furnishings throughout. The hallways are a delight with chandeliers, candle flickering lamps,and Italian Renaissance portraits. Even the elevator is charming. With all this it is still casual and comfortable. They offer complimentary wine from 5:30 PM to 7:00 PM. We were tired after a day of exploring Union Square and found the Italian Cafe and Bistro the perfect nightcap just located down stairs. We feel this hotel is a good value with prices ranging from $79.00 and up depending on high or low season. We will stay here again, had a great time.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mckey
<Content>Bad manners and noisy In front of ER of a hospital. Very noisy and the staff are rude.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>travelinmanNewYork
<Content>Aging Dowager This aging dowager was never a lady. Now it's simply a run-down rat trap in a dangerous neighborhood. My feeling about this property is that it is a real estate classic senario: buy-a-distressed-property-and-if-we-can't-flip-it-for-a-quick-buck-then-let's-squeeze-every-penny-out-of-it-for-as-long-as-possible.Boy, do I hate the real estate business.Our stay was vastly overpriced for what was essentially a no-tell motel experience.An energy charge? They've got to be kidding. And the Nob Hill part is totally misleading. The neighborhood was seedy, dangerous, etc. We saw syringes from meth addicts in the gutter in front of the hotel. No kidding. And streetwalkers and their pimps work only a few blocks away.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>TravelConscious
<Content>Nice room, bad service We stayed for one night in the King Penthouse. I made the reservation over the phone and asked if they had an AAA discount. I was told they would include the $20 parking. When we arrived we had to put several quarters in the meter outside while we argued with the woman at the front desk about it. The person who had made my reservation had not noted the inclusion of parking so she was not going to include it. She was not pleasant about it, but in her defense neither was I. I just got off a delayed flight from Texas and the last thing I wanted to do was haggle over parking. It is the principle of it. I don't like being called a liar, and I don't like being told one thing and arriving and being told another. The woman at the front desk tried to call the person who made my reservation and left a message and said he always calls back. She handed me a card with the manager鈥檚 number so I stood there at the front desk and called the manager from my cell phone. He asked to be passed to the front desk but then thought better of it and called back himself. He was unwilling to work with me without hearing from the reservation maker. We finally checked in and I fully expected that the person would call and resolve the matter.The room was really lovely. GREAT bathroom!In the morning a different person was at the front desk. I was told the person who made my reservation never called so the issue was not resolved. I was invited to wait until he arrived to work to solve this matter of $20. I could not due to time issues. I told the hotel it was unfortunate that they were willing to suffer a bad review over $20. It may sound petty on my part but I don't think I was treated fairly. I paid for the parking and it is not the end of the world but it marred my experience, which is unfortunate because I was celebrating my one-year anniversary. If you do book with them have them send an email with all inclusions in writing. It will save you some grief.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>SanFranGal123
<Content>Nothing like its ad I just returned from a 2-day stay at this hotel, only because my apt. was being renovated - I live in San Francisco. The Nob Hill Hotel is definitely not what its ad makes it out to be. The ad states the you'll have a view of either the street or a pretty garden. Well, I had a view of a dirty parking lot.The room was so small that I opened the door and (after I got done laughing) I could simply set my things on the bed from the doorway. The toilet was clogged, the phone DIDN'T work, there was NO security guard, the curtains certainly aren't black-out curtains, and the staff begrudgingly helped with the only need that I had. There was no A/C - only a cheap fan, the closet is a joke (the door doesn't even shut all the way), and the ironing board is one of those that's about 12 inches long and sits on the floor. There are Pay Movies, which was one reason I picked this hotel, except that there are 6 movies total. Yes, SIX. And 3 are Adult-Content...!The ONLY redeeming qualities about my stay were that the bed was comfortable, the room was clean, and the bathroom was nice (besdies the toilet). If you're coming to SF for a nice family vacation or romantic getaway, don't stay here - your impression of the city will be immediately tainted. The area can be seedy at night, and the hills are not something you want to be walking up and down very often. If you're only staying a night or two like me and aren't expecting something more than room for (barely) one person, then hey, what the heck - it's cheap.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	5	3	1	-1	

<Author>rdavies2323
<Content>Unique, quirky This hotel, situated in one of the more elegant and established parts of San Fran (although it's rather close to one of the tattier parts too) has been refurbished very tastefully in Victorian style. Our room was small but fabulously stylish, with period wallpaper and Tiffany lights. The hotel was clean and well-run, with helpful, amiable desk staff and very efficient maids. We were able to walk into the town centre in 15 minutes and there are plenty of trams and buses from there to the seafront.We were there in December. The Christmas tree in the festively decorated foyer threw off the scent of pine needles which really put us in the Christmas spirit!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Artumn
<Content>Do not make my mistake - do not stay here My wife and I had stayed here several times since it was refurbished back in 1998. Boy, has it changed. The room rate we were charged was not what was agreed over the phone with confirmation number and no one mentioned the energy surcharge. At check-in, the single car check-in spot was occupied so with my car hanging out in heavy traffic I was told I had to sign the check-in paper so I could get my party checked in before parking (parking is bad) and they refused to budge on the incorrect room rate saying I signed the check-in paper, even though I had verbally cited the correct rates when signing. Even my easy going wife was very upset. My wife and I opened the screenless windows in our hot room and woke up to many bug bites. When I took the issues up with the managers it was one of the most rude, disgusting experiences of my life. This is the worst place and worst run hotel I have ever stayed at. I have sent complaints to the health department and BBB.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>Wordpainter
<Content>Stay Away! BUG BITES!!! I have fifteen bug bites from my three night stay. My dermatologist says they are flea bites. I was extremely happy they were not bed bug bites, believe me. We do not have pets nor were we near any pets on our visit. We think they came in the unscreened open windows overlooking (at eye level) a garden.The windows had to be open every night because the room was so HOT! We were told the heat could not be turned down or off. It is really too bad. We like the antiques and the wine tasting but no one should have to endure itchy bug bites as a result of a hotel stay---or overheated rooms and no window screens. Please do yourself a big favor and STAY AWAY!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>jshep26
<Content>Do not make a reservation here i want to sincerely recommend that you do not stay at this hotel, or even make a reservation there. this has been some of the worst treatment i have ever received as a customer. i made a reservation online, then called to cancel the reservation the same day. the person i spoke with at the desk was very abrupt, and so i asked if they were sure my reservation was cancelled and that's all i needed to do, they said yes. two months later, the hotel charged my credit card for a no-show - $100. the subsequent conversations i have had with the management of this hotel have been the most incredibly rude and outrageous exchanges. at first, after calling me back a day later, the front desk reservation manager assured me the charge would be removed from my acocunt in 4-5 business days. when i called back two weeks later with the charge still on my account, the main manager i spoke would could not possibly have been more surly. he essentially told me there was nothing i could do - that it was my fault for not cancelling the reservation online (however, nothing in the email confirmation said anything about needing to cancel online). as a result, i am in the process of disputing the charge with my credit card company. ** the dispute specialist at Chase Credit Card informed me that they have fielded many disputes with the Nob Hill Hotel.**  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>richdi
<Content>BUYER BEWARE This is possibly the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in. On the surface it appears to be nice... dig a little deeper and there is no end to your disappointment. Bed BUGS- billing issues- even though my company paid for it- they double charged us and refused to fix it. Took about 45 hours of phone calls to get the extra charges removed. I guess thats why they don't take AMEX. The internet NEVER worked anywhere- not even int he lobby as advertised. They nickle and DIME you to death and assume any billing issue is naturally YOUR issue. Did I mention the BED BUGS, bad reception on the TV and not so lovely neighborhood. NOB HILL? It should be named THE ALMOST NOB HILL, BUT REALLY ITS THE TENDERLOIN HOTEL....... If you want to RUIN your vacation... then this is the HOTEL for you!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ronyt
<Content>Horrible experience!! We had 2 spiders in the bed...management didn't even care about our complaints. In addition, we had very weird charges on our final bill like electricty and energy!!!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	1	2	

<Author>fire_medic38
<Content>*** Buyer Beware*** My husband and I brought my mom and dad to The Nob Hill Hotel because of the nice verbage and great pictures on their website. BUYER BEWARE- We showed up to what was supposed to be a  serene  neighborhood and well, far from it. Parking was a complete disaster as well as the hot moldy smell permeating throughout the hotel, our room was no joke 8' X 6' wide, dirty and smelly. We talked about it and decided that we did not want to spend the money to stay here. So we then spoke to the front desk and let her know that we were not satisfied. She said that she had no control and that we would have to talk to the  General Manager by phone who was extremely unprofessional and the only answer he had for our concerns were  people pay $500.00 a night to stay here and  you should have made reservations at the taj maha l he said he could not refund our money because we booked it through hotels.com and not through him and he had to pay a commission. Then we brought to his attention that my parents had booked directly throught the hotel and he then swayed his innitial comment and said  well, it's against hotel policy by giving refunds  and then hung up the phone without a simple upgrade or apology. We felt very mistreated by the manager and we highly recommend that you don't waste your time at the Nob Hill Hotel. Their are so many other affordable hotels around there with a better location and a more friendly staff. Good Luck :)  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>millionmiletraveler
<Content>You name it - they have it! This is difficult to imagine, but here goes: The staff was incredibly rude and mgt. firmly supports this behavior as I watched and listened in astonishment how they treated suppliers while in the lobby waiting to check-in. Next, being informed they were full and rates were $109.00 for two nights and $169.00 for other nights, I learned they were not full at all and I was still required to pay the night to keep my room. {I was unable to use 1st night due to travel weather in New Orleans}Moving on, the staff stated yes - we have internet鈥?in all rooms; they mean dial-up in the lobby and maybe a signal from a neighbor could be obtained. The room was musty, paint chipping on walls, linens that were worn-out, a bad smell from the bathroom drains and a small microwave and frig overloading the electrical outlet, located on the floor near the door added that special touch - in addition, old windows that would not open or close correctly. No A/C and a fan requested helped.Knowing location is everything, staff stated this is a beautiful tourist area - they really meant hospital 1/2 block away with fire/ambulances arriving 24/7 and homeless people sleeping outside of hotel, with urine and fecal matter on sidewalk with small 4-legged critters scampering about and in the wee hours of the night -let the party begin outside! Anyone hungry for a buffet breakfast?Finally, billing mistakes were the norm and staff stated parking is available - they forgot to mention where and cost/payment method and how attendant may use your car for an errand. If you feel that, you have to stay here - try harder! This was absolutely the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in - anywhere. Why did I stay? Convention in SF put more than 40,000 people in SF鈥?br/>  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>balajr
<Content>Unique hotel with character I must say that reading some of these reviews, makes me wonder why people find so many problems with an aged building, and willingly book knowing that its not the Hilton or any other high end property. I enjoyed my stay at The Nob Hill, yes the rooms are small and the hotel has a victorian charm, well as best the hotel could do. I considered it part of the San Francisco adventure. The room was comfortable and very clean, housekeeping and the reception staff were very helpful and helped me book tours and car rental for the days of my stay.The breakfast was continental, which should be expected to be minimal, bagels and orange juice was sufficient, anyone wanting more should inquire what continental means before they book. The complimentary wine in the lobby was a great time to meet other guest staying at the hotel. Alot of europeans who seemed to love the hotel. I must say americans are too spoilt. Overall I enjoyed my stay, a huge differnce and very homey feel compared to chain hotels. I would definately recommend this to family and friends...PS. The last comment said something about a $3. fee. It is actually stated on their web site and the registration form I signed at check also indicated that fee.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shecats
<Content>not as advertised not even close as advertised not on nob hill closer to the edge of one of the seediest areas of san francisco.They demand a credit card when registering even though it was paid in advance.The rooms are stuffy ,old,and small.When you check out they inform you of a energy charge and a safedeposit box charge,there are no safetydeposit boxes in the rooms.the continental breakfast is a laugh and I sincerely reccomend staying elsewhere.We would never stay their again. r.h. from british Columbia  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>535633
<Content>A Hotel from Hell! Stay Away! This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. In fact we left after the very first night of our four-night stay in San Francisco!The receptionist who checked us in was very unpleasant, not helpful and obviously was not apt for any type of job in 鈥渃ustomer service鈥? The room was very, very small and the mattress was so bad that one of us slept on the floor, which was very frustrating considering the price we had paid for that Saturday night.The following morning we asked to change rooms for a larger bed (that hopefully would not sag in the middle) a different receptionist sympathized, saying that she had stayed in the hotel already and did not find the mattresses ideal.We signed a paper to say that we would not smoke in their lovely (!?!?) guest rooms, that we would pay $2 electricity per night and $1 for the safe deposit box, whether we used it or not.We didn鈥檛 get another room and ended up checking out at around 4pm, having to pay the 2nd night. At that stage, we didn't really care about the money, we just wanted to get out! Not satisfied with charging us the price of the room, the unpleasant, unhelpful, unsympathetic receptionist also wanted to charge us for the electricity AND the safe deposit box of the 2nd night. She could not understand how we could complain about the mattresses when so many people had called after their stay to ask where they could purchase one!We really would discourage anyone from staying here.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Elrod
<Content>Terrible service and tiny rooms - can't express enough how awful this was Absolutely amazing - even 8 months later now I can't believe how terribly they treat 'guests'. Quite a security issue - cars in their parking lots are frequently broken into; my ring I left in the room they tried to not return, I've only received it now, 8 months later, after threatening legal action. Room and bathroom were cramped - wasn't happy with the physical aspects anyway - but their service just adds to it. Amazingly poor management. Just can't say how awful they are - and there are so many hotels in San Francisco (not to mantion the world!) with great levels of service, how they survive is a mystery.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hatran915
<Content>A pleasant time A very nice hotel. My husband and daughter stayed there for my birthday for the weekend. The rooms are a good size and nicely decorated and we paid a great rate for this room. I think we must have been upgraded because we had a Jacuzzi Tub in our room and only reserved a standard room. The one thing that could have been better was air conditioning. They had a heat wave while we were there and the little fan wasn't enough. Breakfast was very good! Bagels, fruit,coffee and fresh orange juice. We really liked our stay.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>kabutah
<Content>Terrible - just open your wallet to fraud Management added a $500 fee to my bill, accusing me of smoking in the room. I don't even smoke! This is pure robbery; management is steadfast in their accusation. I鈥檓 still fighting the charge on my credit card. If you stay here, be prepared to fight about your bill - the desk clerk shouted at me when I asked for an itemized bill. The restaurant is awful, they pretend to serve Italian food and are far overpriced. I returned the over micro-waved leftovers they served me to the kitchen. The staff in hotel are rude, arrogant, and customer service is non-existent. The antiques in the room are nice, but the rooms are microscopic with no central ventilation and are poorly maintained. There was no internet, no hotel computer for guest use (I asked and they nearly bit off my behind!!); the room had broken TV, a dirty bathroom, and rodents scurry through the room at night. Beware!!! Avoid this hotel like the plague. I stayed at the Nob Hill while I had medical treatment at St. Francis Hospital 陆 block away 鈥?in this case closer was not easier. Try the Carlton Hotel just around the corner, it is better managed with modern amenities.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>hbayle
<Content>Disappointed with the hotel and its management I initially booked for 3 nights early august 06, having read a good review in a travel guide. I was given a room witth 2 double beds. I had to leave after the first night , the room being definitly too small and stuffy for our family of 5 (2 adults-3 children). Curiously, on check-in, I had to sign an agreement that i was ok to pay a early check-out cancellation fee of 50 $. I tried to negotiate not paying those 50 $, on the basis of the room being to small and not having been warned about it. I was bounced from the general manager to the person at the front-desk, with no result and a very disapointing i don't care about customer complaints attitude. I don't recommend this place.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>kf2424
<Content>Terrible Experience  STAYY AWAY!!! The staff could care less about the problems we had. We arrived and thought it was a nice hotel. The staff was rude, reluctant to answer any questions what so ever, but the room was cute and appeared clean. The room was very noisy, but asgain, in SF this is not abnormal. I had parked my 2001 4-runner on the street, one car length from their front entrance. In the middle of the night my side window was shattered and my vehicle was ransacked. The staff never called for any help, even though they heard it all and just didn't want to get involved. Having never been notified, even though I fiolled out the car infor when I checked in, I found the car in the AM. They wouldn't even lend me a broom to clean up the glass, nor would they call the police for me. This resulted in a 45 minute cell phone call. The final straw was when I was downsatirs cleaning up the mess, my girlfriend found A HUGE LIVE BEDBUG on the pillow. She caught with some tissue prior to my returning to the room. When checking out I showed it to the staff. Although they stated they would get the room cleaned and wanted to know where it was found, they could have cared less. They never even came close to seeming sympathetic, or offering an apology, let alone some type of compensation. Keep in mind there were several other smaller problems we had during our one night stay, but these were the primary issues. We always stay in budget to moderate hotels and have never had such a bad experience.Lastly, they wouldn't help me locate a local glass company or call for a mobile service, so we went to a nearby hotel where a friend was staying. Their staff helped me by looking at the yellow pages and telling me which companies were nearby.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A lovely little hotel! We loved our stay at the Nob Hill Hotel. The room was very tidy and clean, may a little bit small, but it doesn't really matter. The interior of the hotel is very lovely with a cute little teddy sitting on the bed and a fridge and a microwave in each room. The staff of the hotel was friendly and helpful all the time. There was a continental breakfast with bagels, muffins, various small cakes, orange juice, tea and coffee - not opulent but quite enough. If we go to San Francisco sometime, we'll definitely stay at the Nob Hill Hotel again.If you used to stay at a first-class Hotel, you'll not really enjoy your stay at this hotel. But if you don't want to pay too much and you are looking for a nice, convenient hotel - opt for the Nob Hill Hotel!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chipmunk3774
<Content>Very poor service- avoid KIKI!!!! I seem to have had the same experience as most everyone else, I was in San Fran for one night from outside town to meet a couple of mates for a drink and, like the last person , am used to cheap rooms but this was awful!! the rooms are tiny and we booked on expedia which said that we would get a free soft toy with the booking. On arrival (after waiting for ages, watching her try to train some poor scared girl) our credit card would not work for her-even though it is new-and we were made to pay her $500 cash which we had to pull from the cash machine in the lobby with a $2 per $100 charge. Before we were led to the worlds tiniest room, we were made to sign a piece of paper saying we would not smoke and the soft toy on the bed was for decoration only, we could buy it for $25 but if it was missing it would cost $75!Anyway, we had an enjoyable night and slept fine. The breakfast is standard, 1/2 portions of muffins and danish pastries, but checking out is worse, we waited 40 mins for KIKI again-while reading the guest book which was full of praise for her but all in the same handwriting!-for her to charge us 3 dollars for what I can remember as $1 safety deposit for the $500 we left with her(and she couldn't find until she realised it was in a file next to her), and $2 for electricity for the room!!!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>libbyk
<Content>I won't be back I had to take a trip, last minute, with my teenaged sister and was reccommended to this hotel because of the comfy rooms and decent price. However, after experiencing Nob Hill, comfy and decent are not really appropriate terms.First of all, I was told there was available overnight self- parking for $32. When I attempted to find this, I was surprised to find a scary, uncovered, run down mini-lot. A lot which bums and street people could easily access cars. I opted for the valet for an additional $10 dollars just so I didn't have to be aware of the shabby conditions of where my car was located.Finally, I arrived at the front desk, where a woman named Kiki didn't acknowledge me at all. Her underling, who swore this was his first day and kept apologizing for not being able to not do ANY of the check-in procedures, had to plead to get her off the phone to help me. Check in took no less that 40 minutes!! I was then informed that there was no bell staff or help of any kind for my bags and had to pack them up and attempt to use the one hundred year old death-trap they called an elevator (which, by the way, wasn't working until 15 mintues later). The hallways were cluttered with furniture and it was hard to manuver everything alone as my sister was forced to carry up bags via the stairs.Apparently, I had been upgraded. I arrived in the very small room and was, admittingly, charmed by the decor. It was cozy and had a nice view of a little garden from the fire escape. The bath room was clean, there was a mini-fridge, mini-microwave and 20 TV. When I say small, I do mean it. there wasn't much room to do anything unless the bathroom was utilized.The real annoyances happened that evening. First of all, the room got very hot. So much so that we had to sleep with the windows open, which I am not very comfortable with in a city I'm not too familiar with. Secondly, the room was VERY DARK. There were two table lamps that had a candle light feel to them, which was very annoying being that I wasn't on a romatic getaway. Lastly, the toilet backed up at 11pm. When I called the front desk, he told me I had to wait until the morning!!! I said that wasn't good enough as there was an appointment I had to get to...I said I would work in the thing myself if he could provide me with a plunger, which he did, at 6 am!! It didn't work and when I went down to let the front desk know, I got a very rude response of I thought you were going to fix it Luckily, it was repaired upon my return. The continental breakfast is a joke. Nothing good but water. We were expected to pay for coffee, but I refused.The location of this hotel is NOT Nob Hill, it is on the border of the Tenderloin, which is the seediest part of San Francisco and on a very steep hill. I will say that if you don't mind the rude staff and if there are no complications, this may be a quant place to spend a romantic weekend...but otherwise, I'd stay away.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>corcor
<Content>NIGHTMARE Small, over-crowded, ancient looking hotel that smells ancient as well! I walked up  down 4 flights of stairs just to avoid taking that old, rickety elevator that looks like it鈥檚 going to fall apart any second! Practically all of the negative reviews were accurate...rooms were very small, cramped, v-e-r-y hot(I would actually wake up sweating-- and am from the Philippines mind you!), the bathroom(although quite nice  clean) emitted a very strange wretched smell which just made me want to hurl! Walls are thin so you pretty much hear what's going on around you, especially in rooms above you! Plus the service was horrible-- front receptionist moody/unfriendly depending on how they feel, their phone sucks as well-- you can't access your phone messages- it directs you to the front desk  I was told I didn't have any messages despite several people telling me they left messages! They charge for all local calls, no WIFI,1 computer available for internet in the lobby which u can use by swiping your credit card- I didn't even bother touching the breakfast(except for the fresh orange juice). STAY ELSEWHERE!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>urhere
<Content>Worst Experience I've Ever Had I love staying on the cheap and am willing to put up with a lot of what goes with a bargain hotel: smallish rooms, sketchy neighborhood, etc. My experiences over the years have been mixed at times, but I've never had such a frustrating, upsetting and negative experience as my stay at the Nob Hill Hotel. Of everything that went wrong, the most upsetting part of staying at the Nob Hill is the lack of care and un-negotiability on the part of the management to makes things right when there is an issue.my experience:-a general attitude of that the management is always right, and if you have an issue with the hotel, it's your own fault. Friendly requests to address an issue are returned with hostility.-a general suspicious and contemptuous attitude toward customers by Kiki, who identifies herself as the manager of the hotel.-voicemail messages left on the owner's cell phone (the only other person Kiki says you can talk to) are not returned. And the voicemail warns you not to leave more than one message.-you are required to sign a legal agreement giving the hotel permission to charge you $500 if they suspect you smoked in your room. (As a non-smoker I wasn't worried about this policy until it occured to me that if I was in the company of friends who were smoking, my clothing could affect the smell of the room enough to incur the charge. Thankfully, I was not around any smoke during my stay here) -waits of 20-30 minutes to speak to the 1 person running the front desk. It's a large enough hotel that it would require at least 2 people to handle the traffic especially during peak times.-the small rooms are so small (1 foot around the bed in each direction) that it was barely possible to exit from one side of the bed without scalding myself on the radiator.-I witnessed customers arguing with the front desk on multiple occasions leaving me to believe that my experiences were not simply the result of someone having a bad day.My experience trying to correct a billing error was so disheartening and left me so distrustful of the management of this hotel, that I would not be willing set foot on the premises even if they offered me a free stay.On the positive side, the rooms were impecably cleaned and the cleaning staff was friendly.The customer service issue/attitude is so systemic that I doubt this hotel can be turned around without a change of management.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really bad service In favor of the hotel, I can say it is clean and the cleaning ladies are extremely helpful, other than that, our experience at the Nob Hill was negative.They will ask you for a $500 credit on your card, however, they had a problem checking my Visa (which had enough credit) and would not accept Ameican Express. This was at 1 AM, and they would not let us check in. We had to leave all our money at the front desk and sign a paper saying that we would not smoke, light candles or steal things from the room. The rooms are extremely small but clean. The staff at the front desk is rude and does not care to help you at all. You can probably get a much better place in SF for less money.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>kathyj123
<Content>Horrible customer service ruined it First of all, I should say that I'm not a tourist to SF. I live outside the city but needed a place in SF to crash for the night. I needed a safe, inexpensive hotel of a decent quality, and the Nob Hill Hotel provided that. The room was clean, quiet and nicely appointed (although the bathroom looked like it hadn't been upgraded since the 50's). For those of you who hate cramped rooms I'd suggest booking a double-double even if there are only two of you. However, what I can't ignore is the horrible front desk staff. I could have had a seizure right there in the lobby and perhaps they would have called an ambulance just to clear the floor. They didn't care that the ATM didn't work, didn't mention about the wine tasting going on that night (the very nice room service person told me), and whatever was on their computer screen (probably a hot game of freecell) was definitely more important than me as it took them 3 minutes to even look at me when I approached to check in. She also questioned me several times about why I'd book a double-double when there was only one of me (really none of her business) and made me sign some sort of promise that I wouldn't burn candles or incense in my room (odd).Overall, I know how important front desk and concierge service is for a tourist, so I would definitely steer clear of this hotel if you're looking for service.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful. The reviews I checked before staying at the Nob Hill Hotel fell into two buckets, one labled, LOVE, the other, HATE. I guess I'm a lover. My wife and I stayed for several days in February 2006 for a friend's wedding, and had a blast. Great location, comfortable bed, crazy-opulent decor. The desk staff was very helpful, and the breakfast was all we expected, if not exciting (bagels, muffins, juice, coffee, fruit).We would definitely stay again, and when I'm on business in San Francisco, I'd much rather stay here than one of the big commercial hotels.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lousy - would NOT recommend it the rooms are extraordinarily small. the bed is extraordinarily small.the radiator does not work. the television does not work. the neighborhood may *technically* be nob hill, but in actuality it is closer to the tenderloin - which means a LOT of skeeviness in the area.the hotel advertises complimentary passes to a 24-hour fitness center, but there is no fitness center.the hotel advertises complimentary newspapers in the morning. they never arrive. ever.the continental breakfast includes stale bagels and the only bad coffee in san francisco.But here's the kicker - at least it was for us: if you complain about any of the above, you are made to feel as if you are just a rube who cannot appreciate european charm and perhaps a Motel 6 would be more to your liking. No one actually said, that, but that was the all-pervasive snotty atmosphere. Unlike the sad tale of woe from the traveler who wrote the preceding review, we found Kiki to be friendly and nice, which was about the only saving grace of the Nob Hill Hotel. Yes, the decor is cute, but it's really no big whoop. Frankly, the best I can say about the place is that it's very clean. We will stay here again, and I can not recommend this hotel to other travelers.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Put your thinking cap on...... ....because you need to be a smart cookie to deal with these masters of deceit. In fact, try to mention that you are a lawyer, even if you aren't. That may scare them out of trying to scam you.My story is very, very long. Let's just say that it is reminiscent of every other honest review of this rip off of a hotel. And let's just say that it ends with my husband and I standing in the middle of Hyde Street with a kind police officer who had to mediate to settle the matter with the psychotic woman (Kiki) who lied and told us she was the manager (We found out she lied when the sister hotel, Fitzgerald, told us that she was, in fact, not the manager). Yes, we were standing there, three thousand miles from home after a 6-hour flight and another 3 hours wandering the streets of SF because our room wasn't ready, with all our luggage, me crying, the police officer reminding us that we were right and that we're better off getting the he-- out of there.And this talk I keep reading about Nob Hill's European charm? If cheap prints from the mall in even cheaper frames or chinzy, cheesy decor (i.e., tulle draped over the rickety old bed.....barf), then you've never been to Europe. Maybe people think of Europe because of the cramped quarters and tiny elevator (that would tear off a small child's finger if they thought of poking their fingers through the gates that you have to close yourself! Yep...the elevator is THAT old...and no inspection sticker!)Crooks. Crooks. Crooks. Rude. Rude. Rude. Crazy. Crazy. Crazy. And I find it interesting that the good reviews of this place repeatedly mention the closeness to Union Square (woopeedoo....and it ain't that close) and the closeness to the trolley (puh-leeze). Sounds almost like a, um, ADVERTISEMENT?!?!?!?!?! Hmmmm...... Could it be? Might it be possible that these people are doing their own reviews? These individuals who wouldn't return our $500 cash deposit until the COPS WERE CALLED (and as shocking as this sounds, read on to other reveiws.....we're not the only ones who had to use these measures!) would do such a thing as try to make up points by doing their own reviews?I'm just disgusted. Disgusted. And frightened now that we may be illegally further charged as others have been by these crooks. And all with no recourse.Do not do it. Do not stay there. Honestly. There are many, many other places to stay for a good price. And SF is a small city, you don't have to stay in Nob Hill if it's close to something you wanted to see. Besides, just three blocks down from this place is, uh, let's just say not so nice.My husband and I could overlook the cramped room with uncomfortable temperature. We could overlook the cheezy decor. We could overlook the drunk man who smalled of urine stumbling into the lobby and then falling down the stairs as he couldn't wait for the elevator (even though he never pushed the button) and the staff had nothing to say about him. They just let him on in! We could overlook the hostile woman manning the front desk.We cannot overlook theivery. We cannot overlook lies. We cannot overlook the fact that had we not had police intervention, we would have been scammed out of lots of money....all on our very first night in SF.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Alright if you like Noise, unhelpful staff, small kitchy rooms with overstuffed everything. But the roof hot tub where you can skinny dip in total privacy (except for the people looking down at you from overseeing apartments) is a terrific experience. And the elevator is something that can't be missed unless it's working, that is. The location is not bad if you're physically fit but if your over 50 I'd not come here. In fact under 50's wouldn't be happy here either.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay at the Nob Hill Hotel We booked this hotel because of location. The location was great. The customer service was the worst we have ever experienced. The hotel lobby is very nice. The rooms are small - hot - new plumbing but the sink was always stopped up. We were very dissappointed in the whole experience. This hotel needs to address the customer service problem.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cowboy33
<Content>Below Average I stayed with my wife at the Nob Hill for 5 days in mid September. Other than the central location, there are not many highlights for this hotel. I try to remain as objective as I can on review sites/boards...and with that being said, The Nob Hill is a below average hotel. Prior posts are correct regarding the level of service...very minimal. The rooms are very small..but also clean and the bathroom is average in size. You simply get what you pay for at this hotel but I would definitely pay extra money to stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the Worst places to stay What looks like a nice, renovated, hotel in San Francisco is really a nightmare in disguise! Not only is there an overly aggressive female at the front desk (her customer services are just about non-existant - she either is a coowner of the establishment or has intimidated the owners...); many of the hallways are so cluttered with furniture it's hard to get in or out when toting luggage; there are NO screens on windows so be careful when your bed is right next to a window! You or your kid could fall out!; the rooms are usually jam packed with 'stuff' which leads to stubbed toes, cracked shins, etc...; bring your own fan since many of the rooms seem to have a mysterious source of heat!...; the antique elevator had NO inspection slip and wasn't working that well the last time we stayed there - scary!This is a great location if you need to be near loved ones at St Francis Hospital but I wouldn't recommend even one night here! And what a shame!There's NO parking to be had since this is a busy city with businesses all around.. You CAN request a parking space for which you pay no less than $20.00 a day but make sure you understand when you need to change the parking sticker from the hotel - your vehicle WILL be towed if the hotel personnel haven't filled out the sticker for what YOU thought you said you wanted!There was an awful restaurant in the lobby which has now been replaced - atleast ONE good thing for this place! Though they are NOT affiliated, you CAN get room service...Management doesn't understand the problems and many times exasperate the anger of guests! I know of a couple from Great Britain who paid for a queen size room and ended up with a closet! Management's attitude was So? I dare you to find a better location! They did! At the Best Western near Fisherman's Wharf! The Website for Nob Hill shows a very pretty place - BEWARE! Looks can be deceiving!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not even think of staying here! After having been the victim of overbooking by this hotel in July and being sent to their excuse for a sister hotel, The Fitzgerald, I stupidly gave them another chance in August. Stupid. I made a two-night reservation, then discovered I only needed the room for one night. I called 72 hours prior to the reservation and was told that my cancellation had been noted and that I would only be charged for one night. Upon arrival, I was told that I would be charged for one night since I was a no-show and that my reservation had been cancelled. Kiki, the completely useless manager, said that I was a liar since I had no proof of the cancellation. Stupid me for not knowing the inner workings of their policy and not asking for a cancellation confirmation, right? I was then insultingly offered a 50% discount on my next stay. Please. You will more than likely be ripped-off by this hotel if you make the mistake of going any further than reading the plethora of negative reviews regarding this property. In the future, my good faith will be reserved for things more likely to pan out, like unicorns or world peace.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>marinaahmad
<Content>My home in Nob Hill Room was small, but complete, with a mini-bar, microwave oven, iron  board. Bagel at breakfast was great. Bathroom cleaned, with basic amenities. Please bring your own shower gel if you don't like cake soap. Wine tasting and internet service are part of comfort while travelling. Tours and shuttle pick up were efficient. Safe neighbourhood with lots of restaurants and cafes. Front Desk staff unfriendly towards Asians, but the General Manager's hospitality was fantastic. She made me feel very much at home. I will surely return to the Nob Hill Hotel for her kindness and hospitality.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small Rooms but great location We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The price was great for the location. The room was very small but very clean. The bed was really comforatable. Breakfast was a little disappointing, not much variety and you had to pay for coffee!!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Guest Services Operator Stayed at hotel for post-operation recovery. Telephone did not work in the room. Operator wrongly misdirected friends family as well as doctor that I did not want to receive any phone calls. Front desk operator further aggravated the situation by pre-screening calls by asking callers for the identification and relation to the guest. Would not recommend other patients of the nearby hospital to stay at this hotel, not friendly service towards guest's callers.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mexicowinters
<Content>Beautiful small hotel WITH NO MANAGEMENT!!! I have reviewed hotels on this site before, so this is one that I almost let slip until I read of other people's problems. This property is managed by PACIFIC EQUITIES ( ANGELOS KOLOBOTOS-PRESIDENT). I saw an ad in a local paper renting rooms at a building they manage called Villa Soma. I called the number listed. A very friendly man (Angelos) answered the phone. He told me that the manager at that property was about to go home, but to come to the hotel, and he would take care of the rental. He told me that he would put me up at the Nob Hill for the night and then charge-back the price if I decided to rent the room. I loved the nice but small rooms.I had to pay cash for the room I rented for 3 weeks, plus a $200.00 deposit.To this day, April 7, 2005. I have not recieved my deposit back or has my credit card been charged back the one night at the hotel. This man is clever. Let's just rip off the tourist. He is extremely friendly, while taking you for a ride. I laughed at the continental breakfast, as was described in another review. The staff has no training and is oblivious to what appears to be a nice hotel. San Francisco is a beautiful city, which I call home. It hurts to default a beautiful building because of poor ,or should I say no management. There are a lot of small wonderful hotels in the city. Try them and enjoy what this city has to offer.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>vintage77
<Content>sweet and charming Nob hill Hotel Everytime my boyfriend and I go into the city we have stayed at the Nob Hill hotel. It has a lovely European feel that is both charming and romantic.If you don't mind the tight quarters than this is a wonderful place to stay for the price and locale.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel Location of this hotel was excellent for a first time visitor to San Fran, close to union Square and not a million miles away from the Wharf.   The hotel itself is not vey big and not ideal if you have a family i stayed on my own in San Fran and was given the smallest room they had to offer which for the price of the hotel i thought was unsatisfactory. However as ever Amercian i meet the staff are flawless i didnt do a thing for myslef the whole time i was there.  The bathroom in the room was devine and although the room size wasnt to my liking the decor was out of this world.  Overall i would recomend this hotel but dont expect the works. you'll get the friendly service and the location but for the price look for a bigger hotel.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hurray For Nob Hill Hotel! I was looking up the Nob Hill Hotel to plan a return visit, when much to my dismay, I saw horrible reviews! My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for one night in December of 2004. One night was not enough!So when I read all these nasty reviews, I thought it my duty to express my wonderfull experience at this hotel.Two of my friends that live around the corner from the hotel, booked a room for us as a surprise. We were on our way back from a road trip from Seattle to Los Angeles and back. We were just thankful for the surprise. When we checked in to freshen up before dinner I was instantly enchanted with the decor. In Seattle, I live on Capitol Hill which has many beautiful Victorian Homes. I was in awe of all the Victorian detail that lay before me. Some of it was a tiny bit cheesy-faux antique. The overall effect was successfull.We didn't have time to enjoy the lobby and the wine tasting that occured. I was disappointed that my boyfriend wasn't allowed to bring up breakfast. But the dishes were china, and I understood when I found out.As for all the negative comments about Kiki(front desk staff), that woman is overworked. She was on duty in the afternoon when we checked in, in the evening when we left for dinner and came back. She was on duty when we were up late and kept going outside to smoke. There was another lady on duty in the wee hours. But when we went to go check out in the morning...there was Kiki again. She was the perfect amount of sassy and helpfull. Maybe if you're nice to her she'll treat you as well as she treated us.Thank You Kiki and Nob Hill Hotel for a great hotel experience. We'll be back! Give that nice woman some time off.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent experience at the Nob Hill Hotel Admittedly, I was a little concerned when I read some of the reviews of this hotel before I had actually stayed here. However, all of those fears were put to rest from the moment we walked in the door. The staff was friendly -- Daniel was our favorite. The room was small but clean and cozy. The complimentary wine tasting was wonderful, and it's a great opportunity to meet other guests. We dined at the Italian restaurant one night; the service and food were both excellent. The hotel is within walking distance of shopping and a lot of the major sights. The room rates can't be beat. And if you play your cards right, it's possible to get free parking -- we were lucky enough to do so both nights! I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Parrothead63
<Content>You Get What You Pay For Using the cliche, you get what you pay for describes the Nob Hill Hotel perfectly. Not a good hotel, not a bad hotel, just an okay hotel. If you're like us and just looking for very basic overnight accomodations this hotel will suit you just fine. We had no intention of spending much, if any time in the unexpectedly upgraded deluxe king room that the functionally-friendly desk clerk offered us at no additional charge. However one look at the small, cramped room and I thought to myself, If this is the deluxe king room, I wonder how small the queen deluxe is?So, let it be known that this hotel is small, old and funky. While the ownership group has attempted some cursory Victorian-themed upgrades, the hotel remains physically small, poorly laid out and located on the edge of the infamous tenderloin district. The most discouraging issue came in the form of parking our car. The hotel says it offers 24 hour parking. It does not. And if you've never been to San Francisco you'll quickly learn parking is a problem. We checked in about 8:00 pm Saturday night whereupon the desk clerk informed us that there was no valet service, but that I could park my vehicle around the corner at the self park lot. With no other parking choices on the street level I drove a block south into the tenderloin district and found the 10-car capacity self-parking lot to be stacked full of cars. 45 minutes later I finally found a garage four blocks south that charged me $30 for 14 hours of parking space. I had no choice so I paid the ransom. To the desk clerk; I really don't appreciate being lied to. If there is no parking, just tell your guests the truth that there is no parking and set the expectation from the get go.All things considered our experience at the Nob Hill Hotel provided us with less than positive memories---but then again you get what you pay for. Unfortunately I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful Had a wonderful week in California until the last night at Nob Hill Hotel. Front staff rude, room extremely hot and EXTREMELY small. Locks missing on windows that open to the fire escape. Coffe maker in lobby - $1.00. Poor excuse for continenal b'fast. Muffins cut in 1/2 and OJ. No other choice of juice/no fruit/coffee out in lobby not in the room with the b'fast. Too many other choices than to stay here.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly OK, I have to say that I viewed our time at the Nob Hill sort of through rose colored glasses -- I was in town to attend my uncle's wedding and also celebrate my one year anniversary with my boyfriend. He and I flew in to Oakland airport and took our rental car to the hotel. When attempting to check in, we were told that the hotel was overbooked (Thursday night) and bumped to the Fitzgerald. I was pretty upset about this because the room at the Fitz was TINY, cramped, and pretty pathetic compared to the rooms we saw online for the Nob Hill Hotel. My boyfriend was irate and demanded that our room for the first night be comped because of their mistake. I think that the manager accomodated him because my boyfriend is Greek (as is the manager) and he spoke to her in Greek. What sucked was that the manager told him that she would take care of us because of the mistake they'd made. What special offerings did they give us, you ask? NOTHING! Not a bottle of champagne, not anything! I mean really, don't offer it if you don't intend to do anything!We moved to the Nob Hill Hotel for Friday night and our room was absolutely lovely! It was the King Deluxe room done in beautiful shades of purple and green (it's the room you see on the website). The window in the room, as well as the window in the bathroom overlooked the courtyard garden, which was nice. Now that you've heard the good and bad, you're probably wondering about the ugly. The ugly was that the parking lot was around the corner from the hotel. When we went to get into our rental car (a Chrysler 300), there was a bum in the lot right near our car who was shooting up heroin. No joke.I liked my room, but based on our treatment at the hotel and the like, I would much rather stay at another boutique hotel (and one that will probably be closer to a trolley line)!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrendous Experience My wife and I stayed at the Nob Hill for three nights in mid-October and to put it nicely the experience was awful. The problems started at check-in when the other couple we were traveling with was told that their room was 'unavailable' and that they'd have to relocate to The Fitzgerald, the company's sister hotel. Our reservations had been booked together, and at least six weeks in advance, so this was absolutely inexcusable. The room we were assigned to was extremely small, leaving us with hardly any room to store our suitcases, let alone move around. In addition to the cramped quarters, our room faced the street, resulting in an ungodly amount of noise. During our stay, the manager was nonexistent and gave no authority to hotel employees to address our concerns and make the necessary changes. All in all, a very poorly run enterprise.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lookout! No safe reservations! Lookout! There are no safe reservations at this hotel. The Nob Hill Hotel has a sister hotel conveniently located a few blocks away, and they are very quick to move your reservation to the other hotel with NO explaination. Management is invisible at this hotel. The problems you are sure to encouter if you stay here can not be resolved by front desk employees, and managment in not available to help find resolution to any problem. You can not reach management in person, by phone, or by email so you are stuck with the problems you encounter.Billing is ridiculous too. They will overcharge you, and then managment is never available to give you credit. You are better off staying at a different hotel that is interested in accomodating their customers and making their stay easy and enjoyable.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>These people are criminals When making a group reservation for my wedding THE AGGREEMENT was a $250 fee if cancelation was made with 30 days, they charged me over 1,000 dollars based on a percentage of the rooms not booked. They are liars and perhaps one of the shadiest hotel operations in San Francisco. Don't be fooled, because they can not be trusted. I am disputed this matter with my credit card company.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fraudulent Credit Card Charges The Nob Hill Hotel overcharged our credit card by $400 dollars. We stayed one night in The Nob Hill Hotel and our credit card charge totaled $532. In a phone conversation, the hotel manager, Angelos Kolobotos, claims that hotel cleaning staff witnessed evidence of smoking in our room after we had left. Neither I nor my wife smoke. When I called the hotel, Mr. Kolobotos told us to call back two days later and speak to one of his employees about this issue. We are in the process of reporting these fraudulent charges to our credit card company, and we hope not to have to take matters any further.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>welshrugbyfan
<Content>Loved the hotel We stayed here in July 2004 and absolutely loved it. The decor was fantastic, staff were friendly and helpful and breakfast was great - basic but relaxed and plentiful. Our room was comfortable and clean and the location was perfect - walking distance to Union Square, Chinatown, trams and Fisherman's Wharf if you don't mind the hill!An excellent and enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible and unethical On May 17 a reservation was made for the weekend of July 17, 2004. In mid-June, I called to change our reservation to the weekend of September 17 due to a conflict of dates. This was done by phone, and the employee confirmed the reservation as being changed to the weekend of September 17th. On June 16th, I was informed by my husband that he was to be on a business trip in Texas September 15th-19th. I called to change our reservation to October, and was told that the reservation could not be changed because we were scheduled to check in the next day, July 17th and due to their 48 hour cancellation policy they would charge us for one night's stay. I tried to explain our situation to the Front Desk Manager, who became rude and extremely unhelpful, telling me that it was our fault and nothing could be done and they had no fault in the matter of incorrectly changing our original reservation. I then spoke with the General Manager, who, after I explained our situation, assured me that if there had indeed been any change from the original reservation, he would go ahead and change the reservation to October. He said he would call that night to let us know what was going on. He had the Front Desk Manager call and tell us that they would call us in the morning with their answer. The next day, we received a call from the Front Desk Manager telling us that they would not change the reservation and would be charging us because they considered us at fault for not catching their mistake in the reservation change. I assured her that the person I had spoken to had repeated September to me, so I'd no reason to say anything or to assume that it was incorrect. I called the General Manager and asked him what the problem was and he informed me that there was no way that they'd made a mistake and they would not change it and would be charging us. I reminded him of the original deal he had made with me the night before, and he denied making it and began to insult and patronize me.They still charged my card, but they charged me on Saturday morning for a no-show, even though check in time wasn't until 3pm on Saturday. How do you charge someone for a no-show before they are even supposed to be there?? We have complained to the Better Business Bureau and this hotel won't even respond to their requests for information. Don't stay here!!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRID IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT! We arrived with a confirmation number at 11 am to be told there were no rooms available - despite the Rooms Available sign outside on the sidewalk and checkin at 2 pm. The clerk was rude and the manager was even worse. We ended up having to stay at the rundown DINKY AND HORRID Fitzgerald Hotel. We did return to the Nob Hill for our second night and were told that this is common practice at the Nob Hill Hotel - they don't like online bookings and like to ship people to the Fitzgerald.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>otpruss
<Content>rude and unhelpful never stayed at such a rude hotel, rude on the desk tried charging me double for extra nights so had to rebook on the net. phone messages were never recived. stay anywhere eles and be happier.also breakfast was vile and machine coffe.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay at the Nob Hill Hotel (If Cleanliness and Professionalism Matters) My wife and I chose to celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary by visiting San Francisco from February 20 - 23, 2004. We were impressed when we visited the Nob Hill Hotel鈥檚 Internet Web-site and upon our initial check-in, as well as when we first saw our room, Perhaps, the fact that we were asked to sign a statement acknowledging that we would be accountable for a specified charge should we should we cut short our planned stay without 24 hours notice should have been a precursor of what was to come.The next morning, we found ants in the bath room. When we returned to our room late the second night of our stay, we found ants in the bath room again. When advised of this situation, the young lady was very apologetic and advised that she try to put us in a room similar to the one that we had spent our first two nights. She advised that this could not happen until after 3:00, but she would leave a note for her relief that would advise of the situation and her plan to switch us to a comparable room. To facilitate this switching of rooms, my wife and I cut short our planned itinerary for the day, which required that we not see some of the sights that we wanted to visit. Upon our return to the hotel, however, we found that with the change of shift came a change of attitude. The new clerk did not have same cooperative spirit that the young lady I spoke with earlier and advised me that she had left a message with house keeping to rectify the problem. When I explained that was not consistent with my earlier agreement, she advised me that if I wanted a different room she would have to move me to a smaller room. This was because, as she advised, we had been given a complimentary upon check-in. When I explained to her again that I had an agreement with the lady on the earlier shift, she advised me that the young lady was wrong to make that agreement. At that point, my wife came to the lobby from the room to advise that the maid had shown up with a can of Raid to take care of the ants. I don鈥檛 know about you, but when my wife and I are spending a considerable amount of money to have a romantic weekend, we don鈥檛 want to have to smell a noxious odor. At this point, when I tried to explain to the lady at the desk that the two choices that she had offered were not acceptable, she became confrontational and dismissive. She basically stopped listening to my concerns. So, there we were; in strange city 3,000 miles from home on a Sunday afternoon with tickets to see 鈥淏each Blanket Babylon鈥?three hours later and forced to make one of four choices: 1. We could go back to run the original room and tolerate the ants. This was not an acceptable choice as we were not spending over $70 a night to share it with ants. Moreover, we had no desire to bring some of the little visitors home with us.2. We could let the maid spray the room and be forced to tolerate the noxious odor. This was not a tenable choice as the odor was bound to give one or both of us a headache. Again, we were not spending over $70 for the privilege of getting sick.3. We could leave your hotel and try to find other accommodations for the evening. We couldn鈥檛 take this action because we had signed the aforementioned acknowledgement that we would be charged should we cut stay short. In addition, as a stranger to San Francisco, I was not sure of where we could go and if we could get settled in time to make the show to which we had purchased tickets. 4. We could accept the smaller room and hope that the management of the hotel placed more importance on customer service than the lady at the desk had demonstrated.As I think you can see, none of these choices were viewed as being particularly desirable to us. However, we went with the last options as we thought it would be least painful of the options presented to us. We went to the new room we were very disappointed. The room was extremely small. There was barely enough room in the room for my wife and I to walk past each other. This was because 85% of the room鈥檚 area was taken up by the bed, which was far from spacious. In addition, the room was very hot and we couldn鈥檛 find any control n the room to regulate the heat. To top it off, that evening we found ants in this room.This incident had a very chilling effect on the last day of our visit to San Francisco. Not only did this incident take two-three hours out of the middle of our day, but the stress of having to deal with the situation, not to mention the rudeness of the staff, cast a pallor on everything else we did. What was supposed to be a fun, romantic weekend proved to be anything but, as this incident became the focal point of our last day.The next morning when we went to checkout, we dealt with a pleasant young lady. She demonstrated the professionalism and empathy that should have been exhibited a day earlier. It is worthwhile to point out that my wife and I advised our travel agent to secure a bigger room than a double when making our arrangements and we knew were spending more for the room than the lowest price we had been quoted. So the second lady鈥檚 statement that we had received an a room upgrade upon check-in appears to be erroneous. This belief was further substantiated through my conversation with the third lady, who advised that although the rate was for the run of the house, people paying the amount that we paid are usually provided a Queen-size room.In response to the concerns that I voiced to her, the third lady contacted somebody in her management structure and conveyed the gist of the matter to the individual over the phone. When she got done with her explanation, the individual at the other end of the line had her ask us if we had brought food to the room. Even though our answer was no, the room had a refrigerator. Therefore, wouldn鈥檛 it be reasonable to expect that it was acceptable to have food in the room and as reasonable to expect that somebody prior to us had already had food in the room. When Mary finished her conversation, she advised us that all she was authorized to do was take $10 off the bill. That somebody in management would think that this was adequate compensation for the inconvenience, rudeness, and stress that we had been force to deal with earlier was insulting and caused me to feel that this organization views customer service as an afterthought, rather than a priority. This belief was further substantiated when a Visa Card representative conveyed the results of a conversation that occurred with a member of the hotel鈥檚 staff concerning our dissatisfaction. According the Visa representative, the individual he spoke with advised that the Nob Hill Hotel was a four star hotel and as such, wouldn鈥檛 have problems like what I鈥檝e described. This whole situation has me more than a little annoyed and highlights some very significant deficiencies in the organization鈥檚 customer service practices. That afternoon, my wife and I were made to feel that we were being punished for raising an issue that should have been resolved very easily and should have been something your organization responded to with embarrassment, rather than the arrogance that was displayed that day and subsequently by several members of the hotel鈥檚 staff. Both my travel agent and I wrote letters to the hotel鈥檚 manager regarding the dissatifaction and received no response, which further substantiates my belief that this organization does not place an emphasis on customer service. In view of the preceiding I strongly recommend staying away from this hotel.   
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not much to complain about here Was there Mon-Wed., check-in was smooth with a helpful worker. Yes, the rooms are small and a bit stuffy but opening the windows for a couple of minutes clears it all up (there's a fan in the closet too). The windows looked brand new and so did pretty much all the fixtures, tub, toilet, and sink in the bathroom. Their continental breakfast was no big deal. O.J., plain bagels, and muffins cut in half was all they had, I recommend going to Sears, Dotties or the Squat  Gobble (Haight-Ashbury) for breakfast/lunch. Their wine tasting ends at 7pm not 7:30pm like they posted. Upon checkout the hotel worker was totally rude, didn't say anything to us other than, 'room number' and when we asked if that was it he said 'yeah.' Very cozy hotel with not much to complain about. Location is cool because its not that far from good restaurants and o.k. bars (in a taxi).  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paragas
<Content>Nice decor I liked the decor but the service was less than I expected. The staff wasn't particularly friendly or helpful. My wife asked to borrow scissors to bring to our room and desk clerk reluctantly allowed her with the stipulation that if she didn't return them, we would be charged $20. I understand the sentiment (they may never get their items back) but it seemed out of character for how they portrayed themselves on the web. The room was small due to the large bed but attractive. The street noise woke us in the middle of the night both nights we stayed (this is May 2004). If you are looking for a romantic place, it is nice as long as you don't require staff attention. I doubt we would come back.  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible! Do not waste your money! This place was a Joke. First bad customer service, place is run down and looks like a 'Hotel by the Hour' with NO hot water and a very rusty bath room with the toilet seat chipped. The paint is coming off the walls. This is a dirty, creepy, dingy place and you should be aware. The have been false advertising this place and I made a complaint to Expedia because of it. Please no that I am all about a Bargain but, this place -- you would be better off going to Motel 6. Trust me.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved every minute!! After reading all the reviews on this hotel we were a bit worried,but we never needed to be. The nob hill hotel is LOVELY. The rooms although short on wardrobe space were charming. Complimentary breakfast and free wine tasting, friendly staff, what more could you want. I would recommend this hotel to all of my family  friends and next time we visit San Francisco will be booking this hotel.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude Hotel Staff, 2 Star Rooms, Clean, Good Location We stayed here for 12 nights for our honeymoon and the room was nice, felt a little dirty and dismal, had a dark feeling to it, but it was okay. We were out so much we didn't care as much as someone who may be spending more time in the room. Our room was tiny, but the bathroom was clean with marble floors which I liked because a clean bathroom is important to me. The front desk overcharged us and they were so rude when my husband confronted them about it. They were just plain nasty. But, the manager got involved and it worked out in the end. Breakfast was free, but was only a crossiant and juice everyday for 10 days, nothing else. Lobby has free internet access on their PC, which I appreciated. Rooms were very quiet and filled with antiques which I appreciated since I like something a little different from the norm. The neighboorhood wasn't so great, 4 blocks south and one block over the area was loaded with junkies and very sly looking people. I wouldn't walk around there at night unless you go in pairs. I didn't dislike the hotel, the rate was good and I may stay there again just because we honeymooned there and it's somewhat sentimental to us now -- but even still, if I were someone travelling to San Fran and was looking into this hotel as a potential place to stay, I'd pass and go for something in a better area with brighter rooms and a better breakfast and warmer staff.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PEteman_8
<Content>Where Should I Start! It was Awful! THIS IS LONG BUT YOU HAVE TO READ IF YOU ARE THINKING OF STAYING HERE!! I know what you are thinking. Half the reviews are great and the other half are miserable. Listen to the later. It was miserable, spend the extra $50 a night and go somewhere else. The Splendid Cast Iron beds described I could get at the goodwill. Roomy? More like a closet. We could here the conversation of our neighbors and they could probably here us later on in the evening. I had to use a chair to keep the window open and stand on the bed to turn channels on the 13 TV. Water pressure in the shower was non existent, and then there the central heating issue, very hot (which explains the chair in window) To top it all off when we checked out at the front desk we had to walk around a bucket catching water leaking from the cealing. Watch out for the parking also. The only upside was the restaurant was very small and tasty, and also the awful hotel gave us an excuse to stay out late in the city. I apologize if this was long but it just shows how impressed I was with this place  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place...very authentic and original....not commercial   showReview(1554703, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Deceiving, Sneaky and Rude!   showReview(1466753, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Go!!   showReview(1257096, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, romantic getaway   showReview(1189679, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Jacuzzi!   showReview(1189445, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be aware   showReview(1107382, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Deceiving!!   showReview(1089963, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A disappointment   showReview(1026246, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here!!   showReview(932395, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Noisy Place   showReview(852751, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TeoSpike
<Content>Allucinante!   showReview(17263741, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel molto carino e curato   showReview(16611098, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un confetto in pieno centro molto comodo per girare   showReview(11316705, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>c00lhunter
<Content>Tentative d'escroquerie   showReview(8456392, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nett und sauber, aber der Service k枚nnte besser sein   showReview(11352524, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s d茅cevant - 脿 r茅server aux personnes qui appr茅cient la d茅coration de style brocante   showReview(11334197, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super hotel   showReview(11334196, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel de charme romantique 脿 souhait   showReview(11330029, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

