<Author>scunlv
<Content>Great Value, No Frills The hotel was offering a really nice package for two nights where they paid for your parking and give you a $20 gas card and free disposable camera. The hotel was too far to walk to the tourist locations but was along a bus route that would take you there. The lighting in the room was not so great and when I got in their was a cigarette butt left on the floor. All in all, the hotel was good. The people who work there are nice and knowledgable.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>ccdeblaze
<Content>This was the "Jack Tarr Hotel" in Coppola's movie "The Conversation." No one seems to remember this detail, but if you're a movie buff, I urge you to see this film before coming to SF. Your stay at the Jack Tarr hotel will be much more meaningful, and its dated quality will wind up having a retro appeal. Agreed that the Wharf hotels may offer better value, but you are not as centrally located down there. This location has scads of express buses going in every direction and is almost at the City's geographic center. If you're looking for quintessential SF with high Victorian architecture in a charming neighborhood lined with painted ladies, this is not your place-- but then those wharf hotels aren't, either. . .  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>garciagrl97
<Content>New Years Eve Stay A couple of friends and I stayed here for New Years Eve 2008. We went to go see Phil Lesh  Bob Weir play at the Bill Graham Civic Center. Cathedral Hill is walking distance from the venue.Our hotel room was really spacious and we had a great view of Van Ness Ave and the city. The staff at the front desk  bell boys were helpful and really nice. I would stay here again, for sure! My only complaints were that it took the service desk two phone calls to bring us up some extra towels, but I think they were all really busy on New Years. They also made me sign this No Party policy form and then checked our room keys on New Years night. I thought that was kind of lame. I understand they don't want randoms and bums coming to hang out, but come on, it's New Years Eve... who isn't going to party? We partied and didn't have any problems. Also- I don't like how early their pool closes down, but the patio area surrounding it is really nice. I dig the Japanese landscaping.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>ArizonaUS
<Content>Read the aid carefully I will make the story short:Additional cost:$22 dollars per day, per car parking cost. $9.95 per day wireless Internet, use your own laptop.$5 per 20 minutes if use hotel computer for your internet.Internet Available not Free鈥?Free coffee and coffee maker at your room.Soaps, ion, cups, hair dryer, and towels that鈥檚 all you got.I was there for 2 days, room was ok, not too clean, I later on moved East 40 minutes away from Golden Gate Bridge and checked in at Day Inn Motel, I got better price, same room with Microwave, Soaps, ion, cups, hair dryer, towels, Free Internet, Free Parking, and a small refrigerate. Happy camper鈥?  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>mn5150
<Content>Great Experiance!! From The Time We Checked in Until The Time We Checked Out It Was A Great Experience.From The Dinner To the After Dinner Drinks Everything Went Very Smooth.We Will Be Back On Our Next Trip To San Francisco. Thank You!!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Beatrice12
<Content>Mediocre at best Stayed here for 5 nights with my husband in December 2008. It's clean, no frills, and comfortable, yet pretty close to being run down and outdated (looks like it was built in the 60s or early 70s and was was remodeled in the early 90s). Pros: central location, affordable (we booked a package on Travelocity and the hotel was essentially free, but I wouldn't pay more than $50 a night) quiet, and staff was friendly and helpful. We asked the front desk if they could store our laptops for the day while we went sight-seeing (no safe in the room) which they did and were very accommodating. At the same time, the decor and fixtures are pretty dated and, as others have said, no frills. There is also a charge for internet and parking. (A parking fee I can understand--it's San Francisco, but not offering free internet is usually a deal-breaker for me). All in all I don't feel ripped off but I wouldn't stay here again. I am honestly really surprised by previous reviews that described it as nice. Okay is pretty dead on. Not bad, but nothing special. If you're just looking for an expensive place to crash, you probably won't be disappointed but expect nothing more.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>tmshrtvlr123
<Content>good location, okay hotel The location of this hotel is very convenient, easy to get to Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf. Other than housekeeping, we found the staff to be a bit aloof and not overly willing to ensure we had a pleasant stay. Beware of the Breakfast buffet downstairs where the food is mediocre at best, nothing special. Cost is $15 plus the hostess adds in an automatic 15% tip on the bill (we had a party of 4, not a large group). We didn't realize this as we didn't get the bill until we went up to the front to pay, and already had left her a tip at the table. There's a 24 hr sandwich/donut shop across the street with good coffee. No fridge in the rooms, older t.v. and beddings. The price was good and the room served its purpose for us. A good no frills hotel with a touch of arrogance.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Whills
<Content>A Wonderful Experience       More Jack Tar Bar and Grill  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>ConspiracyTheory
<Content>Okay, but there is better Hotel was ok. Looking a little dated now. Room was ok. Pool looked pretty good but not ideal weather for going swimming. Staff were not the friendliest, apart from one of the barmen in the restaurant. Location was ok, although not brilliant. San Francisco is small enough that if you dont mind walking, you can get almost everywhere in time. The hotel is a short walk to everywhere though. OK if you want a slightly cheaper hotel, but there are better alternatives closer to Union Square and Fishermans Wharf.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>JDW45
<Content>Great Location Great location!! We were able to walk to most places in the city. Not fancy but very comfortable. Very accessible parking if you have a car.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lcap
<Content>wonderful surprise Originally booked 2 nights off reviews from Internet. Wasn't sure what to expect or what the area would be like. What a great surprise when we pulled up and saw the front lobby with concierge and stores!! Parking was included in our price, which was a great selling point. The rooms were a little older, but clean, smoke free and good size. A little noisy on the street side at night. The location was awesome!!! Close to trolley and an easy walk to many areas!!.. Felt very safe walking the streets at night.We enjoyed our stay so much that we rebooked for two more nights during the week. This time had an inside room and a great view of the pool and courtyard area!! All the employees were very helpful, and we got some great suggestions from the concierge. I would stay here with my family/children no problem. Great deal for the price!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>LEELEE114
<Content>Tired and tattered, but cheap The old Jack Tar Hotel (now the Cathedral Hill Hotel) is a leftover from the 60's. My dad used to go there for conferences and it was then a upscale place. The lobby is nice, but our room was tired and tattered and looked as if it hadn't had any upgrading or maintenance since my dad last stayed in it. It still has two-pronged electrical outlets by the sink, with an adaptor in between the outlet and the hairdryer.Despite being old, and not particularly loved by its ownership, it was clean and served the purpose that we were looking for--a clean bed at a cheap price in the City.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ricandcindy
<Content>Excellent Location  This Hotel is EXCELLENT. They have a good location to just about everything you would want to see. Very personable staff, and clean comfortable rooms. We stayed for medical visits at Calif. Pacific Medical Center, for Transplant Surgery. This hotel has a complimentary stops for shuttle service back and forth from the hospital. They strive to make your visit as stress free as possible. Kudos to them. You won't be dissapointed.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>phood_phanatic
<Content>Very Nice Experiance I recently stayed at this hotel for my 24th birthday. I was skeptical about it because of the reviews on here but to my surprise I found most of them to be wrong. I REALLY ENJOYED THIS HOTEL. We stayed in one of the one bedroom suites, which had an amazing view and tons of room. The carpet looked like it was new and the room was really clean. The suite had two bathrooms in it which was a nice surprise and they looked like they had been remodeled recently. The seating area had a pull out double bed, which was really comfortable for my guests. The room had a very elegant feel to it, with wrap around windows to create an amazing view of the city. The hotel staff was very accommodating. I went down and asked for two more blankets and they brought them back up to the room for me. In the morning I asked if we could have a later check out and they gave us two more hours, without chargeThe lobby of the hotel was really nice and check in and out was a breeze. Parking is extra but only $20 which is amazing for this city. The location of the hotel is really nice also. It is walking distance to Union Square, a $7 cab ride to the Marina. My only complaint is that the walls are thin and you can hear people in other rooms but that is typical of a lot of hotels and something that you just deal with when staying in a hotel. All in all I really enjoy this hotel and it is a steal of a deal when you look at the prices of other hotels around the area. I will without a doubt be staying at this hotel again  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>AverageJoey
<Content>Overall State of Disrepair I stayed 3 nights here at the Cathedral Hill Hotel as part of a conference package as the conference I attended was held there. The night hotel staff was personable and friendly, even when I had to come back to the check in desk, as my electronic room key did not work (quite a trek hauling luggage and waiting for the elevator to come up to the eighth floor). The elevators were extremely slow and out of the three, I only saw two that were actually running the time that I was there. The room was very, very small (two doubles), and in a state of disrepair鈥攑eeling and scared wallpaper, peeling paint and mildew on the bathroom ceiling and poor lighting period (bath  room). Lots of noise from the hallway and street, even on the eighth floor. The beds were hard and the pillows were hard and flat; I did not sleep well at all. The conference rooms were also in disrepair, but the catered food was good. For the price that I paid ($129.00/night) plus parking, I do not feel that our large conference group got our money鈥檚 worth. I will not be staying at the Cathedral Hill Hotel again unless it is after a major and complete renovation of all of the rooms鈥攊t was a huge disappointment to say the least.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>maddie1003
<Content>Overall Nice Hotel We needed a room at the last minute, I booked the room, then read the reviews, I was a bit worried, but pleasantly surprised upon arrival. For the price of the room, free parking and a free buffet breakfast for everyone, not just a continental breakfast, a nice bacon, eggs, sausage, potatoes, french toast, danish, cereal, juices, fresh fruit, oatmeal, and more, it ended up being an extremely reasonable rate. The room was not beautifully decorated or freshly painted, but it was clean, big, and had computer access, showtime and a very clean bathroom. We needed help with the heater, a maintenance person was there within minutes to help. Service was excellent and staff was friendly. Basically if you are looking for a nice place to stay for a reasonable rate, this is a nice and clean place stay. The room smelled a little of smoke, but they have asked that no one smoke in the rooms, either they are still trying to get the smell out from past smoking rooms or people smoke in the room anyway. I dont think they want to decorate, paint and put a lot of money into it if they are just going to replace it with a hospital someday, that is what we were told is going to happen.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	5	2	3	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Timelord6
<Content>Very good stay experience I had nothing but the best of experiences. From check in to housekeeping to gift shop, etc., all employees were courteous, friendly, and helpful. My room was clean and comfortable. Hotel security paid close attention to the safety of its guests, and the help desk quickly and accurately mapped out routes to places I wanted to go.This was my second visit to the hotel. The only down side to my visit was learning Cathedral Hill was going to be replaced by a medical facility sometime next year.While the hotel is my first choice of a place to stay in San Francisco and the people there are nice, not everyone outside it is like that. Just be street smart and you should be fine.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dutch04
<Content>Website is deceiving!!! On the website this hotel looked Great. The Lobby looks good with a nice restaurant, salon, gift shop  more  the employees were nice. When you actually enter your room it looks like a damaged dirty motel room that should be located off in the middle of nowhere. The bathroom toilet is the same as a park toilet. The wallpaper was peeling, The room was dirty  even had bug issues. The parking garage had a sewage leak from the hotel  smelled horrible! Do not let the website fool you. Do not stay at this Hotel!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Bestinshow
<Content>Not a bad value hotel Arrived in SF and upon arrival requested a room with a higher floor, so we get into the room, there is new carpet, clean...nice view looking out towards Van ness ave, Tommys Joynt restaurant.What is cannot understand is why there is a phone in the bathroom, also the bathroom came without a fan, and was kinda dark while showeringLIKED Internet in the hotel rooms ( had to ask front desk for Wire )location is great to explore SF by foot....staff was courteous and attentive but sometimes they seem disinterested....very good location to walk to Union Square and California cable car line, walk to Chinatown is very close too..room was clean, comfortable, bright and kept well.DISLIKED....pool and lobby photos on the website look much better but need some polish....there are some 'funny' neighbours towards the south/southeast of hotel....did not give any money to panhandlers which i usually do ( felt safe just to walk straight past ) I would recommend this hotel to larger groups of people or if your like to walk alot to see SF  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Berto-V05
<Content>Good Value at Cathedral Hill Hotel This is part of their half-off fall special, so week night rates were $99 and weekends were $142. The hotel is good value for the money, but it is an older hotel that probably needs a renovation. The walls are a bit thing, the furniture, beds, and linens are clean but again a little outdated. There was no free internet and I had to spend $5 for 20 minutes of internet use.The location is good and you are not too far from where you would want to go in SF. There are also many reasonably priced restaurants near-by. Overall, I saved money on an above average hotel stay (7 out of 10).  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	1	

<Author>milamae
<Content>Fred Flintstone has a softer bed Very disappointed with the room. First thing I noticed were the three huge stains on the carpet, next wal paper peeling from walls, then torn curtin in the room, and finally the mildew around windows in restaurant (great if you are trying to diet, guaranteed to curb your appetite), The elevator seemed to have a problem stopping on the 3rd floor. Had to wait over 5 minutes for one of the three elevators to stop on the third floor so I could board. I could see it going past the floor without stopping. Was beginning to wonder if I would ever be able to get on the elevator. Not good for disabled people who can't use stairs as a backujp.I have never slept on a bed so hard, my coworker described the bed as a Fred Flintstone bed, only Fred's bed is probably softer. Unfortunately I was there for a day business trip and spent non work related hours in the room. The room lacked adequate furnishings. The only chair in the room was an office chair, not very comfortable for watching the tiny television. Only good thing about the chair is that it could easily be moved close to the small television to see it better. Lack of an adequate chair to relax in forced me to spend 12 to 14 hours on the rock hard bed. The room was stuffy, it had an air conditioning unit, but even with my hand over the vent I could barely feel the air movement. Did not feel safe leaving the window open while I slept as it would have been too easy for anyone to walk along the roof and enter the room through the open window.Even though I was willing to pay for Internet access, the wireless access was not configured as a router, so I was unable to obtain an IP address to get onto the Internet. Hotel staff were unable to help with the situation. This was a critical feature for me as I needed to stay in contact with students enrolled in my online classes. The room service was quick and friendly and the food was good. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was good and reasonably priced, although plan to spend $4.50 for a class of orange juice, service was prompt and friendly.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	3	4	-1	

<Author>neveragain62
<Content>not from the tenderloins We had a unique situation in that someone took money out of account without authorization and at our arrival is when we found out about it because our card was declinded. At that time we were treated very nice and was very understanding. The person at the desk asked that we stay at Cathedral Hill the next time. And because we were treated so kindly and with understanding we were. We arrived at a family member's house and told them what happened. They loaned us the money until we could work things out. Immediately I called Cathedral Hill back. They kindly rebooked the room and stated we could pay cash. On our arrival the next day, we were treated like some one from the tenderloins and asked to stand aside while they help other customers. After we paid cash we were given a room with the wallpaer peeling off, kept awake by our toilets as well as the neighbor's because they sounded like torpeedoes being deployed and there was mold in the shower as well as all over the curtain. We shall never go back and will pay the extra to stay at The Opal as we previously did.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>unclepaulie69
<Content>Room for improvement We arrived here after spending the previous night at the marvelous Bay Landing Hotel close to the airport and soon realised that we were not going to have it so good in SF central!We had sat nav so not too many problems finding the hotel, it's always tricky when you're in a new city but it stands out on a major road and is a big hotel.Once inside we checked in without too many issues. The place is a little dated and appeared to be undergoing a bit of a makeover. No free parking in the large underground car park but it was something like $12 a day which is not that bad in SF and when there is a group of people chipping in.The hotel room was fairly dull and had a bit of a strange smell, sorely in need of decoration and new carpets etc but not dirty. The bathroom was also very dated but bearable. Sliding doors didn't seem to lock properly either. I think some rooms had been refurbed, maybe if you complain they'll upgrade you but we are all fairly laid back and were eager to see the city rather than argue with hotel staff.The pool looked OK but the sun didn't seem to shine out there too often so we didn't bother. Cathedral Hill is a big hotel but only has a small bar/restaurant in the lobby and a small shop and coffee shop.Right across the street is 'Tommys Joynt' which is a good bar/carvery/diner. Open til very late, friendly staff and good value food if you don't want to search for a restaurant plus loads of beers. Opposite is a 50's style diner. Much nicer than IHOP. Hotel is probably about 3 miles from the Fisherman's Wharf area and 15min walk from city centre shopping etc, you can walk (long) or use public transport if not driving.We often walked through the area late at night and although there are some shady characters in the area they gave us no problems at all. I felt safer here than walking past drunk chavs in UK town centres but still, be alert and don't go down any dark alleys...I think Cathedral Hill is a little pricey and you should shop around before staying here. Staff on the whole were ok, not the happiest I've met but they weren't miserable either.If you're not too fussy and not a clean freak you'll probably be ok here, otherwise dig deeper and pay for something better.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>CharM08
<Content>Great service, Fair price, Tired rooms. The Cathedral Hill Hotel was significantly less expensive than other hotels in the same area. The service was outstanding, with friendly, efficient staff and a reminder email when our reservation date was near. Online booking was easy and there were no problems with the reservation.We ended up staying in two different rooms because of a very loud pool party that was going on directly below the first room we were given. Management was extremely accommodating about changing our room and even let us check out the new room to be sure it was quiet. The lobby and restaurant areas are very nice, but the rest of the hotel is showing its age, though everything was clean. The floor indicator lights in the elevators didn't work. The first room we were given was in desparate need of at least a new coat of paint to cover all of the scuff marks. The second room looked as though it had been painted more recently, but both rooms had stained carpet, old-looking electrical outlets, and outdated tile and fixtures. The rooms also do not come standard with refrigerators. Rooms with refrigerators are available at an extra charge.While priced about $100 less than the Holiday Inn down the street, the Cathedral Hill was still below expectations for its $124 per night price tag. With some rennovation, it would be a great value. Of course, then they would probably have to charge more, so it may be this is what a reasonably priced motel in downtown San Francisco looks like.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>LLBaltimore
<Content>Not recommended Stayed at the Cathedral Hill on business. Good price but you get what you pay for. Convenient location but sketchy neighborhood, would not walk around after dark alone. Bathrooms pretty awful, in dire need of upgrading. Couple in the next room was screaming profanities at each other at 8 am. Wondered why they had the huge security guards after dark until scary-looking guy standing next to us at the elevator dropped a little baggie of white powder on the floor, snatched it up quickly and then sped off up the stairs. Don't stay here...  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>wursthurst
<Content>Good for the price, but sketchy neighborhood The Cathedral Hill Hotel in San Francisco was a decent hotel for the price we paid. The hotel itself is just an average hotel. No frills or anything. But it was pretty clean which is really the only thing I cared about. Very basic room.Some nice things about this hotel:There is a restaurant, a little shop where you can get basic toiletries and stuff, and a little coffee shop with good coffee and baked goods right inside the hotel, which was very convenient. The staff was helpful and polite.Some not so nice things about this hotel:While it's situated just a short cab ride/bus ride away (or about a 30 min to 1 hour walk) to most of the attractions, the hotel is not in a great neighborhood. There are a ton a homeless people, drug dealers/users in the area. While this didn't really bother me during the day, I didn't feel very safe at night.All in all, pretty good hotel.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	4	3	1	

<Author>Coltonvic
<Content>Not a bad place to stay Date: September, 2008Reviewer: Vicki and Tony, Sydney Australia We have just returned from 3 weeks in the United States. We started our holiday in San Francisco and stayed at the Cathedral Hotel located on Van Ness Ave. We found the best deal for San Francisco hotels on LastMinute.com.au. The hotel was clean and comfortable, the staff courteous and friendly. The noise however from busy Van Ness Ave was incessant and intrusive, so if you need something a little more quieter, then you should consider somewhere else or a room towards the back of the property. We were offered such a room on checkin for an extra US$50 a night, which we declined.The Cathedral Hotel is reasonably located, especially if you want to be near Union Square. It was an easy bus ride (or cable car if you wish to walk the 6-7 blocks) down to the Pier 39 and Fishermans wharf area.The hotel has a pool and a fitness area, but there is so much to do and see in San Francisco that we didnt have time to make use of these facilities and we got plenty of exercise walking around. One lesson that we learnt booking our accommodation on the internet and not knowing our way around American airports, is to enquire about shuttle services from the airport to the hotel, before you travel. We made this mistake and consequently spent a lot on taxis, on arriving at each destination. Once at the hotel we were able to organise a shuttle back, a much cheaper option.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mtwyford
<Content>Unexpected jewell in downtown San Francisco Spent 4 nites with son and daughter-in-law in 2 rooms. We were almost midnight arriving but still got adjoining rooms at less than 1/2 price of other downtown hotels. Pay parking but unlimited, easy, in--outs. Every employee we came in contact with was very friendly and helpful. Rooms were large, clean and comfortable. Had some concerns about neighborhood from previous customer reviews, but we were out on street as late as 2AM and plenty of people, well lit and eateries available. Mel's diner and bakery (24/7) were great on opposite corner of street. Major bus line on Van Ness (in front of hotel) and Polk St (1 block down). Buses run every 10-12 minutes. Got to Wharf and Pier 39 in 17 minutes. California Streeet Cable car in 2 minutes (12 minutes on foot) which intersects with cars going to wharf. Can't say enough good about this place and plan to stay there on next trip.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jennysalley
<Content>This place Sucked. This place Sucked. The room was much much smaller then the internet led us to believe. They NEVER told us ahead of time that there was a daily fee for parking. Only until the second day did I realize it because not being from a huge city I had no idea they charged 20$ per day for my car including the last day we were there and we checked out at 10am. I mean the parking is in the hotel garage. In the Morning the maids were so loud I was absolutely shocked. The 7th floor ice machine never worked and we had to go to the 6th floor to get ice, The elevator was scary and closed on my fingers at one point and it took so long I mean so long to go up or down. And sometimes it would stop on a random floor and open and then sit there no matter what button you pushed. The pool was FILTHY. And I met 4 different people that had snuck in to use it cause it was a well knownplace to sneak in and swim. I cancelled a movie and was still charged. At one point I called the front and the phone rang and rang and rang. I called back and finally someone answered and she offered NO apology for how long it took. I am so dissapointed. I will never stay there again and neither should you. I say this because months prior we stayed at a dive and I mean dive in the Tenderloin Dist. and it was about the same service and 50$ per night and they did not charge a parking fee for parking in the garage.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>koolforkats
<Content>great for the money I was able to find a great deal on Expedia 2-3 weeks before my stay.I booked an inside room with two double beds on the 8th floor with some parking paid for $124 out the door. There is ample parking in their garage and the staff is courteous. There is very little air flow in the room but because I have stayed there before I remembered to bring a small fan. If you are a light sleeper bring ear plugs.Look for a deal. Even if you book there on short notice and pay their much higher prices it is still worth is as the hotel is close to a lot of activities.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>kiki1199
<Content>I'm sure it was a very nice hotel.................30 years ago!! The hotel is very old. I'm sure it was great place back in the day. The room was run down, not very clean. The carpets were stained and the beds felt like you were sleeping on plywood. We needed a roll away cot for our daughter and some of the springs were starting to stick through. The beds have those old fashioned bedspreads, the ones that NEVER get washed. Overall not a great choice. I'll stick to Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>kekeScotland
<Content>Average Average hotel stay, room was clean although the decor is a bit tired. Three night stay and the rate was fairly reasonable compared to other SF hotels. Depends on what you are looking for in a hotel, it's okay if you're just using it as a base but we would probably stay somewhere else if we ever went back to SF. Worst points are the lifts (elevators) - rubbish and really slow and wi-fi is not included in rate.The location was ok, we didn't mind walking but there are plenty taxis sitting outside of the hotel.The concierge service was helpful for booking tours.One tip if you do use this hotel: the shuttle service to the airport was really good, the concierge service organised it for us $26 dollars for two which was reasonable and quick,  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>nikita_montana
<Content>It was good but I probably wouldn't stay here again       chicken tenders from the hotel restaurant... tasty but spendy  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	4	-1	4	3	

<Author>Louisianan_at_Miami
<Content>Clean and serviceable hotel Nice stay in a clean hotel, conveniently located for daily activities. Close to most usual attractions (walking distance) with good parking availability. We took the parking included rate (120 $/night) with multiple ins and outs. The only annoynace was that the garage closes hotel's internal access (to elevators) at 11 p.m. so you've to exit and walk 50 yards through the street.We had no difficulties but if you plan to stay out late, avoid walking around because suspicious faces show around.This hotel is a good value option if you plan to enjoy the city during the day.Be aware that there are a lot of notices about asbestos used as construction materials in the property.Another pitiful detail: the TV set works well but the channel availability is very poor. A lot of marketing channels but, for example, Weather Channel is blocked all day.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>YoungPreservationist
<Content>Decent, Affordable Hotel Hotel was decent and very affordable. Ours was relatively clean (except our balcony, which could have been cleaner). Nothing fancy, but then, we weren't in SF for the hotel. Get a room that faces the pool. Very sunny and nice balcony. Right along major bus routes and within a mile of nice restaurants. For the price, this hotel was decent.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>hargrave
<Content>Not bad at all. Stayed here for three nights on an extension to a mid west tour.Check in was done for us so no dealings with the desk. Our room was ok except for traffic noise, (I noticed the windows were single glazed so no wonder), the beds were fairly comfortable and I didn't notice any peeling wallpaper or carpet stains as others have mentioned.Breakfast was the usual buffet and no complaints. The windows there were double glazed so no traffic noise.The location we thought was not that good, ok you can get a bus outside but I would have prefered a hotel nearer Union Square or the Wharf. Getting around was easy though and we walked to the Wharf and Union Suare a few times although not at night.Tried Mel's opposite for a meal but was not impressed, food was only warm(as most food on this tour was)and the tip was included.It wasn't warm enough for us and didn't have the time to try out the pool.We probably won't come this way again but if we did we would stay at a more central hotel although we found this one not bad at all.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>auntiegin55
<Content>Pleasant stay at the Cathedral My friend and I had a most enjoyable experience staying at the Cathedral Hill Hotel. The location was such that we could maneuver the streets of San Francisco and yet find our way back to our room. That's very important if you've ever tried to drive in downtown San Francisco!The hotel room was immaculate and it was very quiet. Our room over-looked the courtyard. The hotel staff was always very friendly and helpful.The parking garage was a little crazy but I got the feeling that would be true for any of the parking garages. We were able to find spaces that were near the elevator going right in to the hotel.And another plus to this hotel - the parking fee was for in  out parking. Evidently some places charge for parking each time you leave and for each time you returnWe would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>leftfoot
<Content>OK Hotel in dodgy location Firstly, no problems with hotel. Clean, comfortable, good coffee shop, restaraunt not too bad, a tad pricey but good quality.The main issue is location. It is about 7-8 blocks from Chinatown and Union Square, and the walk back takes you through some of the more seedy parts of the city. Definiately give it a miss during hours of darkness  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SoCaSmiles
<Content>Awful This was awful experience from the time I checked in until I left. The man at the front desk was rude and took forever to check us in. I reserved a room with a queen size bed and was charged for a queen size bed yet I received a room with two doubles. The room was aboslutely filthy. The carpet in the hallways and in the room was so dirty and greasy that you could not take off your shoes. The sheets on the bed were very old and torn. The comforter had numerous ciggarette burns in it and felt dirty to touch. The couch also was filthy and greasy. After a long day of travel all I wanted was a place to sleep. My husband and I travel a great deal and we have never stayed in such an awful unclean room. I have never written a review and would not be doing so now but I do not want anyone to have to experience something as horrible as this. I honestly do not know how this hotel is passing health inspections. Please do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. There are many beautiful hotels in San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>BarbaraElizabeth
<Content>Good Budget Choice for San Francisco Just spent 4 nights at this hotel with my 26 year old daughter. I chose the property because it was one of the only choices (combining air  hotel) that had a room with 2 double beds as an option for a good price. Front desk staff were very efficient. We arrived in the early morning and they had us in our room by 11:00am. Our room, on the 5th floor, was just fine. A little dated perhaps, but clean with comfortable mattresses and pillows. No problem with the location as we purchased 3 day MUNI passes and the hotel is on the corner of 2 busy streets (Van Ness and Geary). We took the BART from the airport to the Civic Center and walked the rest of the way (about 13 blocks). The beginning of the California cable car line is close and easy to get on without waiting. We walked to Union Square the first day. Had one dinner at the hotel and it was nicer than expected. Staff throughout this hotel were pleasant and helpful (front desk, bell boy, cleaning staff, waiters) and our checkout took seconds. Took the shuttle back to the airport as it was reasonable. Cathedral Hill Hotel delivered as a good budget choice. (I have stayed in the tiny rooms around Union Square on previous trips.) Shopping in SF is fabulous and I would rather spend my money that way! If you are going in September 2008, be sure to see the Frida Kahlo show at the MOMA, ending on the 28th.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Petcha
<Content>Overpriced for a run down hotel I stayed there for 3 nights despite the mixed reviews I have read. The location is fine- I wouldn't say great since it's almost a mile walk to Union Square but there are a few bus stops near by since the hotel is located on major streets (Geary and Van Ness.)The hotel is run down and needs a major renovation! The wallpaper was peeling off the walls, stains on the carpet and cigarette burns on the tables, etc... The walls were so thin- I constantly heard the t.v. from next door and the toilet flushing.Other than that, the hotel is fine if you don't mind the decor and noise... just overpriced for what you get.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>LanceC99
<Content>Only if you cannot find somewhere else We stayed at this hotel for in August 2008. This hotel appears to have been built and decorated sometime in the 70's and has never been updated or improved. The staff were helpful and courteous. But, the carpet in our room was dirty and smelled. The linens were worn and all the fixtures were old and worn. It is a place to lay your head down at night only. I would not have wanted to spend time in the room or hotel. Their website makes the hotel look much nicer than it really is.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>1	4	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>MartinHalford
<Content>Nothing good to say about this hotel I spend many nights in hotels, and as such am probably more critical than most, but this hotel is really bad. From check-in to check-out there is nothing to commend it. Check-in itself took over 20 minutes, and then when we got to our room it had not been cleaned from the previous occupants. We spent the whole day away from the hotel, and after a wonderful meal at Scomer's on Fisherman's Wharf, when we got back we decided to end the evening with an Irish coffee. It was 10:45pm and the first thing we were told was to hurry up with our order because they were closing at 11pm. The Irish coffe was bitter, cold, and I'm certain they forgot the liqor. The night was punctuated with noise, and at one point at around 4 am some errant person was shouting profanities right outside our door, leading my wife not being able to sleep for the rest of the night. In the morning, check-out took 30 minutes whilst it seemed all of the front-desk staff were chatting and partying in the back office. A truly awful hotel to be avoided at all costs.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>AmyC426
<Content>Pleasently suprised We stayed here for 2 nights in the Family Deluxe room. The room was huge and the perfect size for 2 families traveling together. The room was clean and the staff were very nice. They even anticipated our need for extra towels and brought us several more than we actually needed without us asking.The location was perfect. There are really good restaurants right across the street and the public transportation was really convenient to the hotel and easy to use. The concierge was especially helpful in telling us how to get where we wanted to go.Breakfast in the hotel is okay. They brought us yogurt for the toddlers at no charge and the buffet food was only okay. The food is better if you order from the menu, but it takes forever. I was worried based on wome of the reviews, but overall it was really pleasent and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>finbrbr
<Content>OK Stay at Cathedral Hill I booked at Cathedral Hill because it was centrally located and parking was included in my room price. We had adjoining rooms and both were musty and very old. My room was much smaller than the kids and looked as if something (another bed?)had been removed before we got there. The pool was clean but the patio area lacked lounge chairs and any kind of ambience. The restaurant was decent. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We were disappointed with the area of San Francisco that the hotel was in. A lot of homeless and you could not walk the surrounding streets at night. Really unsafe!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>dtprice
<Content>Nothing Special This average hotel offers nothing special. It's clearly in need of some updating. It is located on the main street into  out of the city, but it also has lots of traffic surrounding it and pedestrians at all hours of the day/night making noise outside. I stayed 2 nights and was unable to get a good night either on either day. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Two great diners right across the street from this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>mikeinsb
<Content>Very good BUT - you have to pay extra for Internet... The room was clean, rates are not bad for a hotel in SF, nearby restaurants are good (Tommy's Joynt http://www.tommysjoynt.com/ is right across the street) and everything else I needed (business trip) was handy, except...I wasn't prepared to pay $10/day for Internet use. Reportedly, this is common practice in SF, although not in most of the other cities I go to.All-in-all, a good experience. Next time I will put in the additional costs in my travel expense planning.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>jiana51
<Content>Great hotel-we loved our stay! We stayed at this hotel for two days while attending a benefit and found it to be way above average. The price was right and the location perfect for sightseeing. The bus line and cable car were conveniently located near the hotel. The room was very large and clean and the service excellant. The staff were polite and very accomodating and we lacked for nothing. I strongly recommend this hotel for families and singles and feel you will be very satisfied with your stay here. I will definately stay here again when visiting San Francisco!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lolidoli
<Content>Great location This hotel was in a great spot near Japan town, Union Square and the fantastic gig venue The Fillmore. We had a brill holiday in San Francisco, staying in this hotel and beginning tours from it.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichiganFoodie
<Content>WHAT A DUMP WHAT A DUMP we stayed here after an amazing week long stay in the Northern California area. It is a shame that we ended it with this hotel. The room was SMALL, dirty and all the staff were not helpful. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ECKM
<Content>Cathedrale Hill Hotel Great Value This hotel is great value for the money. Request a renovated room in the tower. The rooms are clean and extremely spacious. Our room had 2 queens, plus a living room area. It was overly large for a hotel room. Linens, etc... all great. The location is good, about a 15 minute walk to Union Square. We booked 2 rooms, 1 for us, and one our 2 kids, ages 20 and 22. If you're looking for 5 star, this is not the place for you. But don't let that deter you. Overall, we were actually surprised how satisfied we were, since the price was quite low. The rooms exceded our expectations. Can't go wrong with this hotel ! We definately recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Araroa
<Content>Truly Awful Experience Had been looking forward to my time in San Francisco following 4 weeks in New Zealand. Sadly my expectations were severely let down. Following a 25 hour trip from my hotel in Christchurch (NZ) to Cathedral Hill I was greeted by a surly receptionist. I may have blinked when he smiled, certainly an unwelcoming check in experience.On entry to my room i was greeted with a bottle of wine from a friend who'd contacted the hotel prior to my arrival, a very nice thought, however was slightly tarnished when the bottle which was chilled on ice with glasses had not been privided with a corkscrew!!My room, like the rest of the building felt out of place for 2008, run down and shabby. An old a/c unit that could be hard to switch on for those guests who may have problems with gripping things. The shower had no proper mixing ability so it was hit or miss whether you had a scalding or freezing shower. There was no form of sound proofing and the room was loud 24 hrs a day, not condusive for relaxing. The concierge's inabillity to help or actually organise anything is truly astounding. Everything I learnt came through experiencing it for myself or through taxi drivers and local bar or restarauntuers. One prime example was being bundled into a limo to a shopping centre a couple of blocks short from Fermans Wharf. This journey was assured to be the same price as a taxi, yet was $17 as apposed to the $12 it costs from the hotel to the wharf.The ability of the staff is not the highest, a prime example occured when trying to change some sterling travellers cheques, the receptionist did not understand until i explained that sterling is Great British Pounds and therefore required an exchange rate. They were only able to offer an exhange rate that was over a week old. Another example was when enquiring about wireless internet I was advised the process. when i pointed out that giving your credit card details over an unsecure network was ridiculous and risky i was greeted with a blaze attitude. Since my return to the UK I have seen other reviews of this hotel that draw attention to my biggest concern, the location of the hotel. Cathedral Hill is on the corner of Van Ness  Geary. The location felt intimidating and seedy, several adult shops and massage parlours within an extremely short walk from the front door. There are also a large ammount of beggars in the area some of whom are agressive or intoxicated. I did not sample the bar or restaraunt because i felt less than inclined to give this hotel any more of the money I'd already paid to stay there, however was glad of the hotel's proximity to Mel's diner, a true american diner with great food  service.I would not recomend this hotel in the slightest and would expect more for the price and rating. Highly dissapointing experience and not a great way to sample San Francisco  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>cosmicsmith
<Content>Great Value I stayed Friday night thru Monday. The room was very large. It is an older hotel but clean and very adequate. Bathrooms could use some updating but overall I have no complaints. Great location for downtown San Francisco. I would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>RGHYJ
<Content>Adequate We stayed 4 nights and found everything fully acceptable.It is not overly plush but at the current room price is certainly value for money.If you are not driving buy a Muni pass (18 dollars for 3 days) and hop on and off buses,old trams,streetcars all day long (incredible value for money !).A bus stop is outside the hotel and the California Street tram a 5 minute walk away so exploring San Francisco is easy.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ceevee830
<Content>Great place! We stayed here for two nights this week. Everything was great. Parking was easy, the elevators worked fine, the pool was clean and inviting, the shower/bathroom was clean, and the staff was very helpful. The location is centrally located so you can reach any destination easily. Shopping and restaurants are within walking distance. The room was quite large.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Brava98
<Content>A Great Experience... Love the Cathedral Hotel During our stay on July 4th and 5th 2008. We stayed at Cathedral Hill Hotel. We just thought we should write to let others know that we enjoyed our stay more than any time in recent memory thanks to the outstanding service we received.The professionalism that staff posed from the first day was beyond excellent customer service. The first contact was with the gentlemen that assisted with the luggage. These gentlemen were very helpful with maps and directions around the city throughout our stay. The lobby was clean and very receiving. The rooms were clean and housekeeping was very adaptable to our needs. The pool and Japan area was immaculate and inviting. We had the opportunity to enjoy your dining area of the Jack Tar Restaurant. We arrived 15 minutes prior to closing and ther staff treated us with the upmost courtesy. We did not feel rushed they were very courteous and professional. The food was excellent. We ordered the clam chowder which was the most delicious that we have ever tasted. We must recommend it to anyone who visits the area. The presentation of the soup was wonderful we really enjoyed the Laughlin soup bowl. As we write we would like to know where to purchase them. We have been searching on the internet since my arrival. The hotel was in walking distance of many of the cities attractions. There was a bus stop located in front of the Cathedral Hotel that would take you to the warf and North BeachOur stay was the most pleasant and we will let our friends and family know of how well we were treated while staying at your establishment. I would like to commend the management for choosing such a wonderful staff to employee. Thank you for providing us with a wonderful experience. Rest assured, we will be back again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ellismo
<Content>Our Home Away From Home My family and I love this hotel. We have stayed here many times because the amenities and the staff are excellent. In fact, we spent our son's 4 year birthday at the Cathedral Hill because he loves it so much. Check-in is quick and painless. Balconies are hard to get but other requests are usually granted without problem. The rooms can be spacious and are reasonably priced. The beds have always been firm and comfortable. The bathrooms are clean and the towels are plush. The location is great because you are right in the middle of everything and can get to many of the tourist attractions by bus or even just walking. The pool and patio are excellent. The pool is heated and a great size for anyone with small children. The patio is spacious and has lots of places to sit from picnic tables to grass and all the lounge chairs in between. The room service is very nice. The menu is not large but so far everything we have ordered is delicious and delivered timely and at the correct temperature. We love this hotel and consider it our home away from home (especially with gas prices going through the roof).  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>traveler15
<Content>A dump. This place is a dump. Unless they have done some major renovations in the last 2 years. Filthy rooms. It is totally away from everything involving sightseeing. True a cable car does come by. Even the workers in the restu. talked about how shoddy the furniture was. We were very unhappy. I would try to stay by the Wharf or somwhere nice where there is something to see. like I said a dump.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	2	1	3	3	3	

<Author>Bingenheimer
<Content>Great Stay! The decor says late 60s and the room decor was a little tired, but the room was incredibly spacious with big windows that open wide but keep the sound out when closed. The cleaning staff and front desk staff were professional and helpful. The lounge in the lobby is very old-style cool! Great location and great value for the price! I will return!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>djz032070
<Content>1 year anniversary! Went for 4 days to celebrate our 1 year anniversary! The room was a bit on the smaller side, but had a great lanai overlooking the cold pool. Housekeeping never missed a beat, the drinks down in the bar were nice and strong, awesome location, and even room service was right on! Thanks for the great stay, Cathedral!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>socalbuddy
<Content>Perfect Location/ Great Staff Friendly staff! Centrally located, nice clean rooms, and good amenities.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>FamilyIreland
<Content>Pricey and could be better Just returned from San Francisco where we spent (4 of us) 5 nts at the Cathedral Hill Hotel. I had read some negative reviews before leaving and was very nervous about staying here. As previously pointed out it is a very large hotel and the area is most definitely awful, the only complaints we really had in our family room was that there were only ever enough towels left out for 2 people. Also we were unable to open the window. On the plus side the beds were very comfortable and the room was big enough for us. We had also stayed in LA the week previously and compared to that we found CHH overpriced for what we got. The pool area was nice, though we didn't actually get to use it which was another bone of contention, as we arrived back early on our final full day in order to have a swim and relax only to find there was a private pool party and we could not be admitted. I do feel guests should have been advised of this in advance. Not the sort of hotel you would pick if you want a quiet hotel either as it was very noisy, there was something going on every evening but we didn't mind that, there's plenty to look at, you may even bump into Elton John!! As someone previously recommended, 'Tommys Joynt' across the street was a big hit , not everybodys cup of tea but it definitely worked for us.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	1	3	3	3	2	

<Author>JettlagBoston
<Content>Best deal in town! After reading other reviews I was concerned when I booked 5 days at Cathedral Hill Hotel. The main reasons I booked there was the incredible low price, which included free parking and a great free breakfast buffet. Also, the hotel was close to all major attractions. Upon arriving I thought I'd see Cecil B Demile filming an old movie. The lobby was right out of old Hollywood, and I took a 'Gloria Swanson' picture of my wife cascading down the huge staircase, ready for her 'closeup'. It was a lot of fun. I believe the rooms have been recently updated because ours was very nice and showed no signs of wear and tear at all. The shower was awesome with great water pressure and unlimited hot water. The room also had wireless internet available. The help was amazingly friendly. Overall. a terrific experience and if I ever go to San Franciso again I will most definitely stay there.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bevandjasper
<Content>Don't believe the info folder in your room We stayed here also at the end of a tour. Overall it was ok but its position is not ideal as some of the streets surrounding are rather suspect and you wouldn't want to walk round the area after dark. The main problem we had was with the barman. Despite the information in our room, the hotel bar does not open after 11pm. We rate this as fairly pathetic for hotel guests and complained to reception the following day (in room info quotes 1am). We were told that the bar closes if no customers are there. However as there was a tour group of about 20 people it should have stayed open. The following evening (our last) we wanted a farewell drink with our fellow travellers but again the barman refused to serve us after 10.45. His arrogant reply was that our name was not on his pay check! Excuse me, as the customer I expect I am his employer! They obviously don't understand the saying that 'customer is always correct' in the US. Obviously we didn't leave any tips and we would advise anyone in a similar situation to buy your own bottles and sit on the patio  serve yourself...Also the reception ladies toilets are fairly grotty!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>CHHisbad
<Content>boooo Cathedral Hill was brutal. I stayed there for 9 nights and it was a really big dive. The AC did not work properly. we were 'not allowed' on the balcony...do not even get me started on the elevators...they go to every floor but your own..unfriendly service, noone was particualrly helpful...we stayed in Burlingame at a fantastic Hyatt for the same price a night and it was a palace! We would have preferred to deal with the commuting than the seedy Cathedral Hill...oh and by the way it is in a location called the 'tenderloin' aka crazy drug addict, tranny, and prostitute area..will never return  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>EPD
<Content>Poor location We stayed here after our tour finished and were just so glad we had spent the main part of our time in San Fran staying at the Radisson on the Wharf.The location of this hotel is very poor - and we walked down Geary Street looking for somewhere to eat and felt a bit nervous (daylight too)The hotel itself is rather nice, very helpful staff and the room was clean and comfortable. There were not really sufficient towels and the flush on the loo was *very* suspect!The computer gave 60 mins for $8 and it loaded quickly which was good.The pool was lovely and tranquil, set in nice gardens but no-one from the hotel around.I like a swim every day and when I went I felt intimidated with a large group of young people doing somersaults, back flips etc and taking over the whole pool.Their language was dreadful and they spent much time loudly discussing which drugs to take to the evening's party!Whilst this is not obviously the fault of the hotel I felt that a person seen to be about might have made it nicer for others.Once this group moved on then it was fine and everyone else felt able to return to the pool.There's not really enough sun loungers and the pool towels are small and rather threadbare.This hotel is a long walk from anywhere particular and the cable cars etc are also not nearby.I would definitely avoid it if I went back to SF and would most definitely stay on the Wharf.Mel's Diner over the road was quite nice, we daren't walk too far in this area looking for an alternative!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SnoopyGu
<Content>Huge rooms and big hotel The gym is nice. The rooms are huge, and you can see the senery outside very well. Breakfast is not free, but it has two types of prices to choose from.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CathieS42
<Content>Great value and helpful staff My husband and I spent a week in San Francisco and stayed at the Cathedral Hill Hotel. We saw several negative reviews of the hotel before our trip and were greatly relieved to have a good experience at the hotel. From the moment we checked in until we checked out we found every staff member to be friendly and helpful, something that isn't always the case at much more expensive places. We had a king room which was clean and comfortable. The carpets could stand to be updated but the bed was brand new. At such a low rate, the hotel can't be beat. Some tips if you're going to San Francisco--there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and we bought a 7-day bus pass in the hotel gift shop. Staff was very helpful with directions and suggestions. The concierge arranged tours for us and suggested restaurants within walking distance. There's a great place, Mel's Drive-in across from the hotel which is fun and offers good food. Also a good Japanese restaurant a block away. The hotel has an ATM in the lobby and a restaurant plus a take-out coffee shop.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>SteveWToronto
<Content>OK for a cheap rate. Go nearer Union Square if you can. Booked this as was looking for good rate for a 4 night stay - was good value. Location OK, but a good 20 minute walk to Union sqaure and 15 minutes to cable cars. Really needs a facelift overall in terms of rooms and back end. Reception is nice comapred to rest. Rooms were clean and staff very nice.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>RogerDonoghue
<Content>Cheap rack rates, spacious, stingey, does the job The rack rates (about $119) are as good as discounted hotwire or similar rates in other hotels in SF. You can stay at a lot nicer places for the same money if you use a discount booker like hotwire. BUT - that's not always an option, plus it's nice to know in advance where you are staying. So their rates are pretty fine for SF if you don't have the time or inclination to go searching hard.The rooms are spacious and fine. Nothing special. The usual - TV, bathroom with tub, desk, large - VERY firm bed.The location is superb - better than in the main shopping/cable car area in my opinion. We stayed off Taylor / O'Farrel the previous few days, and whilst it's near the cable cars, Van Ness in our opinion is far better located (the cable cars are next to useless - too long a wait). Van Ness runs right down to the Fisherman's Wharf and there are cheap ($1.5) busses running all the time. It;s not a bad walk either - especially the downhill direction :-) - It;s also a 10 minute walk back to the main shopping district on Market St.Also a short bus or walk to the Cow Hollow area for superb restaurants and shopping - very upscale.My major gripe with the Cathedral Hill Hotel is their mean / stingey streak. They really need to get up to date with charges. The extras they charge for and should not do:$12 a day for Internet access (no free hotspots in range) - this should be FREE everywhere now, and mainly is.Room service - Mandetory 15% tip plus $2 extra. This wouldn't be so bad if their menu was not so mean. For example - if you order their burger you pay Extra for onions!!! Extra for cheeese, Extra for pepper - Extra for anything. I mean, come on, paying for onions on a burger.This just reinforces the old reputation hotels had for stitching you up the moment you stepped foot inside. Needless to say we have paid for nothing - ordering food in from outside etc.A small but important thing they need to change. Make the guests feel welcome and inclined to spend money, don't force every cent out of them  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>uzin141
<Content>Ten Years Later - Still the Same Cathedral Hill Hotel I got this great deal from Hotwire.com. $52 a night so I spent the next 10 days at the Cathedral Hill Hotel. It has been almost ten years since my last stay there and things have not changed a bit. The room had the same wallpaper (I compared old pictures of me in the hotel 10 years ago), the walls hallways had crayon marks on it, they were in the middle of replacing the old matresses from each room.Overall, it was a great stay.. It was close to everything especially with the muni bus right outside the hotel. This is a budget hotel. Cable T.V. consisted of only a few channels so that was a bummer.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	4	4	1	

<Author>colon906el
<Content>Love this place, and the employees I've stayed here for years, and i love it. The staff is wonderful and the accomadations are impeccable. When in SF, this is my hotel of choice. I love CHH.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TommyPC
<Content>Old but Inexpensive, Big Room The place could use some updating. However, we found that it was clean. The hotel room was very large. We booked through one of those hotel discount websites and this was one of the cheapest options. There was a pool but it was not heated that time of year so we did not go swimming.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>btravelernyc
<Content>Old hotel in need of upgrading Although the hotel is close to town it is quite old and is in need of some serious upgrading. 1st room, air conditioner didn't work properly, 2nd room TV didn't work. Waited well over an hour for a technician to come and fix the TV. Asked the front desk for a store location and the response I received I have no idea, ask the bell captain. The room is quite OLD- think 60鈥檚 or 70鈥檚 miss matching bathroom tile, dark and dingy shower, radiator, carpet, bed, linens- out dated and gross. Depending on your budget will depend if you go to this hotel. Unfortunately for me, all other hotels were sold out in San Fran. One night was enough for me.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	3	1	2	2	3	

<Author>pdblu68
<Content>These negative reviews are unfair! I had business in the area, and decided to give this hotel a try, despite some of the very harsh (and undeserved) reviews I've read on this site! While the hotel is old, I found it clean, and the service impeccable. The facilities were adequate, and the staff provided a warm and welcome environment. What more do you want? If you want a five star experience, then stay at the Ritz Carlton! The Cathedral Hill Hotel is a great value, and you won't be disappointed. I would definitely give it a thumbs up, and recommend it to anyone looking for a good deal.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>drfish22
<Content>Fantastic Bargain We live in northern California and travel south to San Francisco several times each year. We often stay near Union Square but this time opted for Van Ness. The Cathedral Hill Hotel was more than we had hoped for. It is in a great location, the room was comfortable and the price was excellent.It is a major plus in San Francisco to have parking included at the hotel especially with the hotel right on a main bus line. Breakfast was included and the buffet was a complete American breakfast. The room was quiet. Although the room wasn't the largest we have had it was more than adequate in size.In addition the hotel is within easy walking distance of a number of interesting and excellent restaurants, from Persian to steak.You can pay many times more for a room in San Francisco and not have anything comparable. This hotel is a real find.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>alliemaru
<Content>Not as bad as the reviews.. After using priceline.com for years. And always being impressed with the quality of the hotels i was able to get for such a great price, this one had me worried. The reviews were horrible and i was worried. Now i will say this is not the nicest hotel ever. And the beds were a backache waiting to happen. It was clean, the staff was friendly and the underground parking was convenient. There are some great areas nearby. We had booked for 2 nights but decided to stay in wine country area for our 2nd night.. (another reason I love priceline.. the rates are so good i don't mind losing a night if we decided to change plans. Overall.. not a place to take someone to impress. But if you need a clean place in a normally pricey area.. not so bad.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>LivAlexandriaVa
<Content>It was alright... The room was just alright on cleanliness. One of our lights was out, so essentially we had 2 lights that worked leaving the room pretty dark. Pretty view out to the couryard. Nice shower, but again, no light over the shower, so it was dark in there. The bed was the worst part though. I could feel the springs thru the hard mattress, so it wasn't a great nights sleep. Customer service was fine, no problems there. Would I recommend or stay there again, absolutely not. Paid a lot of money, but it was below average standard....  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>magnolia24
<Content>Never again My family and I stayed at this hotel which is owned by California Pacific Medical Center and the American Cancer Society when a relative had a kidney transplant. The reservations agent was less than hospitable when I booked, but that could be overlooked if the guest room wasn't shockingly filthy. The first room we were assigned had food reminents and dirt on the walls and the bathroom floor is one I would never walk on without shoes and would rather not walk on with shoes. We asked to switch rooms. The second room had less dirt on the walls but there was scummy dirt on the hair dryer and once again a frightening floor in the bathroom. The website says the rooms have been renovated but a new bed spread, chair, and cutains is not the place to start. The carpet needed to be replaced, there was a brown mystery substance on one of the curtains, an exposed electric socket, the wallpaper is hanging and there was rust all over the bathroom-including a rusted mirror that is bolted to the counter and has seen God knows what in terms of use. I would not recommend this hotel until they actually renovate it. The location was good and the package rate ($89 which included parking, and breakfast buffet) would have been good if I wasn't waiting to catch something from the room. It's appalling to me that a hospital and a nonprofit could allow such filth. I also noticed that comments have been left about the ac units not working back in October 2007-there still not fixed! Stay somewhere else even if it costs more. One more thing-the shuttle to Cal Pacific does not run on weekends and nobody informed the family of this. In fact, the reservations person gave me the times for it and didn't bother to mention that it doesn' t run on the weekends. A couple of family members were waiting for it to come Sat morning. It's @ $7 cab ride to the hospital.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ericdeleel
<Content>Great way to ring in the New Year! The hotel was clean and the employees were courteous. Everyone was extremely friendly and accomodating. Walking distance to bars and nightlife, as well as food and groceries. The movie theatre across the street was a plus, too. Although we had to pay a raised rate to stay here on New Year's eve, the overall stay was very worth it and I would recommend this hotel to all.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Grannygruntnewcastle
<Content>Would not be my choice to stay in again if I return to San Fransisco This hotel was included in our Californian Highlights tour in November. Although the hotel was basically clean it is overdue a complete overhaul. The furniture was a bit worn out and the curtains could have done with a wash. It was within walking distance of all the shops and other amenities. However, the hotel was very close to the area that is called the Tender Loin and it is not a very desirable area of the city. My friends and I walked out of the hotel once but returned very quickly. After that we took taxis wherever we needed to go.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>one_traveler_00
<Content>great value, would come back! We booked the hotel through Priceline, and when reading some of the bad reviews, we were tempted to book someplace else... In the end we decided to give it a shot, and good thing we did!!!! The hotel, while certainly has seen better days, is quite nice. The rooms are perfectly clean, even if it needs renovation, but the bed was comfortable and clean, so was the bathroom... both essential to a good stay. Besides, while in SFO you hardly spend too much time in your room! The location was way better than we thought, a nice walk to Pacific Heights and the Civic Center, a 5 dollar cab ride to Union Square (you could walk but I don't know if you run through seedier areas, but at least the hotel area is quite safe), and buses right there that take you anywhere in the city. Also, the parking lot was a big plus in San Francisco, and quite a reasonable daily price ($20), we parked the car for our stay and walked everywhere.I would definitely come back, it's a great value and we had an amazing time in the city!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mystic321
<Content>Clean, but that's about it The hotel is clean, but it's like something out of the 70's. Everything needs to be updated. Can't even control the temperature in the room. If you are a techie, this hotel is definately not for you. The room only has three prong power outlets in the bathroom. I had to plug the laptop into the bathroom and use it sitting on the floor because the power cord wouldn't reach the desk. Moreover, the wireless connection is not free and it's terrible. I lost internet connection every 5-10 minutes.I would recommend spending a few bucks more and stay somewhere else. I won't be back.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	5	4	4	1	

<Author>skyhighIreland
<Content>Stay away if you want to get some sleep Stayed here for two nights while on a brief trip from LA up to San Fran. The location of the hotel is ok, but it's still a good distance from Fisherman's Wharf and Union Square, the main attractions in San Fran. On arriving at the hotel, I checked in at reception and the guy who dealt with my check-in was very unhelpful. We had pulled up in our car right outside the door and did not know where to park it. The guy at reception barely told me where the car park was before shouting next in line having already taken my credit card details and getting paid up front for the accommodation. The car park is a nightmare to navigate, one of the worst I've seen and as for trying to get to the hotel lobby from the car park, it's like a maze. We ended up on the 7th floor of an adjoining medical centre, with our heavy luggage in tow, which no-one had offered to help us with and which we had to carry out of the car park up stairs as there were no lifts from our level. The room was adequate for what you pay for, small but sufficient, but the noise is terrible. There is constant street noise, the hotel is located on a block, so there's no avoiding it. The air conditioning is an old-fashioned fan/radiatior which whirrs all night and can't be turned off. The worst thing about the hotel though is the noise. At 5.30am some big-rigs pulled up on the street outside our bedroom window and proceeded to load and unload cargo...beeping and banging for at least an hour. The pool is small and the fitness centre has only 1 treadmill. When we asked to change to another room, a second guy at reception was not very helpful and said It's a hotel in the city...what can ya do...it's noisy, everywhere is noisy...great public relations skills there. All in all, it's a big hotel in the San Francisco city and people will be tempted by its location, but pay a bit more at a better hotel, it'll be worth it in the end.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	3	1	3	3	

<Author>ClarkeBangor
<Content>Better as a hospital Stayed at the Cathedral Hill as part of a cosmos tour. The room was very shabby with wall paper hanging off the walls-lights that did not work-broken air conditioning and noisy from the traffic outside. Warrants a 1 star and that all.Surprisingly the restaurant was excellent and we had two terrific meals there the food being up to a very high standard.A member of staff told us that the hotel was being sold to a hospital group .  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>George1507
<Content>Cathedral Hill Hotel - pretty good value I stayed for 2 nights in the Cathedral Hill Hotel. It was pretty good - the room had a small balcony and was quiet and comfortable. Overall the room was clean, and whilst not large, it was good value for money.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>hartigan
<Content>Would not recommend this hotel at all Definitely not deserving of a 3 star rating. My 2 sons and I were travelling through US so booked through internet for two queens and a rollaway. When we got to our room no rollaway was there, rang desk but still didnt receive bed, had to sleep with my son, top to toe, very uncomfortable night with two feet in my face. Also on arrive noticed wet carpet by both beds, informed desk and was told we could not have another room as the hotel was full. I assume hospitality training is not essential to acquiring a job in American Hotels. Next day still no rollaway and a dreadful musty smell coming from carpet. Complained to desk and was finally moved to another room, this time with a rollaway bed that was lumpy and very uncomfortable. I should have saved my $20 per night as my son crawled into the bottom of my bed anyway. Fitness centre had one bike and a weight machine that was useless as the cord was broken, water machine was empty and room smelt. The service staff were very nice but unfortunately the reception staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. We ended up walking down the road a bit closer to Fishermans Wharf and got another hotel that was cheaper and cleaner.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>lizzakay
<Content>Decent for the price! Okay-this is a good place for the price and parking included. The staff was very friendly and even upgraded my room b/c it was my birthday. The room is a basic room and great if you are in and out. Don't plan on some exotic getaway, but worked great for my husband and myself who cared more about spending money on the sites, than on a room we spent only sleeping in. Good location, too!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>tadjr
<Content>OK for the Priceline price - We got this hotel in a Priceline bid. We checked other hotels in SF before we bid and were satisfied with the price we paid here vs the hotels website price. The hotel is definietley worn, but everyone we came into contact with was very pleasant. The room was clean and had plenty of warm water in the shower. The ac didnt work very well and we were on street side so it was too noisy with the windows open. I would request a nonstreet room if possible. I wasnt too thrilled with the area the hotel was in either, but we didnt stray too far from the immediate hotel area at night. The bus stops right in front of the hotel so that made it convenient not having to have a car in the city. We did rent a car one day and there is an Enterprise location below the lobby in the parking garage. If we went back to SF I would probably try to get another hotel in a different location, but for the three nights we were there and the price we ended up paying vs the other hotels we had a choice of, it was ok.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>Travelboyz07
<Content>OK as a city break We had read the reviews on this site and were a bit concerned about the state of the rooms. Yes our room was in need of decoration, some of the very heavy wallpaper was begining to come away at the joins, a bit of filler to some areas and a lick of paint would have been helpful but the room was clean. The bed was great, with the bathroon well up to standard. Good toiletries and care from maid service. All electrical equipment worked fine and as somewhere to rest after a great day out in the city the Cathedral Hill was fine. Great location for exploring the city with the cable car close by, and close to one of the main gay areas which for us was an added bonus. The buffet breakfast was good too!! Car park was safe and convienient with a floor close to the lobby.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travvyMidlands
<Content>A good experiemce The room was slightly dated but very clean. Single glazing meant a bit of traffic noise so earplugs were useful.The buffet breakfasts were excellent - plenty of fresh fruit, yogurt, cereals plus cooked options all included. Evening meals in the bar were very good - some interesting options like sea bass, risotto and asparagus made a change from the usual grills and fries.We bought city transport passes and there were very convenient stops just outside for the buses and it was only a short walk to one of the cable car lines.All in all, very good value.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>metathestic
<Content>Clean but scary... and it is not just the hotel. My husband and I were going on vacation to San Francisco and read some tough reviews on this hotel. I decided though, for the price of $164 US/night, that I would stick it out and make up my own mind as well (something that other reviewers also said). In addition, I thought that the area would still be a prime spot to be in where it was supposedly close to Union Square. All these presumptions were proven wrong when my husband and I arrived. The hotel is indeed in need of a lot of work. You can tell immediately that they are trying to keep it intact for as long as they can without sinking too many funds into overhauling the hotel. The hotel is very outdated and although the rooms are very, very clean, the peeling wallpaper and questionable brown-grey carpet truly show the age of the hotel. The biggest test we placed on the hotel though was taking a walk down to Union Square in the early afternoon going east on Geary. From Van Ness Ave. to about Jones St. my husband and I had 2 thoughts: move fast and MYOB. Now, I'm a seasoned traveler. It's not like I've never seen a homeless person on the street before or someone sketchy that I should walk around and avoid. I have to say though, in this situation we raced through about 5 blocks of complete slum where we saw some pretty scary people and actually felt nervous enough to want to walk fast. After these few blocks the neighborhood finally changes up and does a complete 180 where you start to see some nice art galleries and business folks around. This was the last test before we decided that it was time to switch out to another hotel in Union Square. Truly, the walk from Cathedral Hill Hotel to Union Square was not long (approx. 9 blocks... 15 - 20 minutes) and we would have continued to stay at the Cathedral Hill Hotel for the location and reasonable rate however, given the slummy area we had to cross to get to Union Square and the old looking rooms, it was not worth $164/night. If anything, the rooms are only worth $99 at best and that's already pushing it. We ended up moving to the Hilton on 333 O'Farrell the next day where it was only 5 minutes away from all the shopping you can imagine in Union Square... and the area was much more comfortable to walk in! Overall, if you don't care about the scummy area and can put up with the old rooms then by all means stay at Cathedral. For all of you who are think like we do, take your money elsewhere where you know you will be happy for an extra $70 a night. My husband and I decided that we would truly hate our vacation in San Francisco if we continued to stay at Cathedral Hill Hotel. The last thing we wanted to do was to wreck our own vacation. Sometimes, money isn't everything and all of you should keep this mind if you are about to book at Cathedral Hill Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	1	2	3	-1	3	

<Author>pompeygirl65
<Content>avoid it if you can! I stayed at this hotel as part of a cosmos tour of California and must say was not impressed. I had read reviews before I went and decided to make my own mind up. The room had dirty carpets, curtains and walls and non existant air conditioning, we were warned to only go down suttar road for our own safety and to avoid Tenderloin area which it borders. As 2 women on our own we did not feel safe at night at this hotel. I stayed at 7 other hotels on the tour and this was the worst and has put me of going back to San Fran. To be fair the tour should not use this hotel and use one either at fishermans wharf or union square. i will never use it again and advise my friends to avoid it. Also when i tried to complain to the front desk they took my email address and said they do not have complaints forms, umm I wonder why!!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	1	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>informed2
<Content>Clean but has seen better days Needed a place to stay in San Francisco that had parking. The Cathedral Hill Hotel fit the bill. It is close to Union Square, in a decent area, not to far from the St Francis which is high dollar. The Cathedral Hill was priced decent for it's location and the parking garage you got with your room. The hotel at one time was probably in the same category as the St Francis but has not been kept up in all areas. The lobby was very dated but you could tell it was still a very elegant place. Carpet and furnishings were all outdated but not threadbare and certainly everything was VERY CLEAN. The bed in the room and the towells and linens were all new and could not have been cleaner. The pool area was certainly fine as long as you are not looking for themed pools. I would most certainly stay here again. The staff at the front desk does tend to have an attitude and are not overly friendly but was always helpful if you ask questions.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>bearsgw
<Content>Not horrible, but not 3 stars I think that the people at Priceline might want to rethink their star system. The hotel is clean and is in a pretty decent location but the walls are paper-thin and the shower fluctuated between hot and scalding. If you are looking for a three-star hotel, this probably isn't the place for you.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>s1conrad
<Content>The Wrecking Ball can't come soon enough! The CH's days are numbered--as the prime lot the hotel is located on is soon to be San Francisco's newest medical center.The fact that the hotel is closing in the near-future is reflected in the poor upkeep of the hotel (dated decor  dingy common areas)--but most notably in the Hotel Security.On day-two of a conference I was attending, the meeting director's laptop and briefcase were stolen out of the 4th fl function room. There were no security cameras in this area--which was surprising, since the hotel pool is adjacent to the function room. If you are looking for a hotel w/security, avoid the CH!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>McDs78
<Content>Pleasantly Satisfied As others did, our family booked this hotel through priceline. I too read some of the online reviews and became quite concerned as to what to expect when we arrived . Even though the rooms were somewhat outdated, it was clean and nothing like I imagined. I think some of the people went overboard with their comments and basically were very picky travelers. The staff was very friendly, the bartender was exceptional and very helpful and the location was very good. We were able to get on a bus right outside the hotel to wherever we wanted to go. With a city pass, this was very convenient and economical. Both Mel's Diner and Tommy's Joynt were great right across the street. We discovered Polk Street (a few blocks away) which had several good restaurants and bars. The hotel has a rental car agency in their garage which was very convenient as we used it for a day to experience the coast and other things. We had a very pleasant stay for a great price. Couldn't beat that for our first trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TeeJay33
<Content>Loved the Cathedral Hill very friendly We read the reviews from Trip Advisor before we visited aswe were quite concerned due to this being our honeymoon.We contacted the hotel by email and expressed our concerns.The hotel replied very quickly and advised there was nothing to worry about and everything would be fine.When we arrived the hotel staff were very friendly, it was very clean and very well maintained.We were very happy to stay and it was very suitably located forUnion Square, Fishermans Wharf and China Town.Steve behind the bar works very hard and cannot do enough tohelp you. Thanks to Sean the Desk manager for a fantastic stay.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alan moorcroft
<Content>Convenient For a middle aged Englishman and his wife staying for 4 nights 5th to9th June 2007 I found the Cathedral Hill easy to find driving from the airport.The checkin was speedy and pleasant and throughout all staff were helpful and courteous, although the barmans continual intro's of Hi Kids when I am 62yrs rather over the top. The hotel room had a pleasant view overlooking the main street , was very dated with worn carpets but was generally clean. The hotel parking in the underground garage I found. to be very convenient but expensive @$20 per night.We had an evening meal in the restaurant of sea bass which was delicious and inexpensive. The buffet breakfast at $12 was ordinary and we made frequent use of Mels Diner opposite the hotel ( a reproduction of Drive In diner complete with Jukebox at the table. All meals are recommended here both for price and portion size. It is quite a seedy walk to Union Square and I would not recommend it at night , although we were not approached by vagrants we felt uneasy.While in San Fran we visited Alcatraz which is a must and Fishermans Wharf which we found tacky with again expensive parking.If you have a vehicle drive down Lombard St ( the crookedest street in the world.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>nyclala
<Content>Reviews are Misleading / Not Bad At All! I booked this hotel for $70 over the July 4th holiday through priceline and was incredibly disappointed when I came here to check out the reviews. However, upon my actual arrival at the hotel, I was pleasantly surprised. The front-desk staff was friendly and the room was large and clean. It is true that I did notice some of the wall paper peeling, but it was a small detail that I might have overlooked if I hadn't already been prepped to be on the lookout for it. I can't say whether the location is good or bad, but it wasn't a very far walk to Union Square (maybe 10 minutes?) and there is a bus right across the street that goes to Fisherman's Wharf, so overall, I think it was a very good experience for a 3-star hotel and the price that I paid...!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>teddy374
<Content>Avoid Dated rooms, stained carpets, wallpaper scaling off the walls, cramped bathroom, unfriendly front desk. The only saving grace was the size of the room (superior with twin bed) and a clean bed (no stained sheets  bedbugs...thank god for that!!).The location is not too bad though...close to market street  union square.Book this hotel only if you run out of choices on a crowded weekend...as was the case with us.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>f2lam
<Content>Cathedral Hill Hotel - A place I wouldn't recommend to my worse enemy! June 4, 2007 - This is the worse hotel I have ever been to. If you're looking for a really cheap hotel, with peeling wall paper, stains on the carpet, thin walls, and terrible customer service this is the place. It's ironic how the person who checked me in thought they were working for a 5 star hotel. I had to check him back into reality by asking him Why are you so snotty, you work in a dump. If you're looking for a place to only sleep in and do not mind feeling dirty after waking up, then the price is fair, however you're probably better off playing a few dollars more a night at another hotel to feel more comfortable though.I wouldn't even suggest my worse enemy to stay here.F. Lam  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ljbp31
<Content>Not too bad, i've been in worse! I came to stay at Cathedral Hill on a business trip, which was arranged by a travel agent.The location was great, but a bit of a walk to Union Square. There were a couple of nice diners that were across the street from the hotel, so that was convenient. The Jack Tar breakfast was really quite nice, tho a bit sparse. It had everything i needed tho.the rooms were a bit dated, but mine was comfortable. i could see that it needed some renovations and updates desperately, but its not anything that one couldn't handle.the staff were courteous to me and answered my questions at the front desk, and room service arrived on time. no real complaints here.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>EastTexasTravelgirl
<Content>3 Star??? Perhaps in a third world country I booked a room through priceline, expecting a 3 star room. I have had great success with them in the past, but they really missed the boat on this one. This place is in no way, shape, or form a 3 star. I went through three different rooms just trying to find a clean one with an air unit replaced within my life time. Everything was old and dirty. There were hairs on the sheets, stains on the carpet, and mold in the bathrooms. I finally called priceline's customer service and told them that I simply could not stay there. They contacted the manager and were able to cancel the reservations. I have never been so happy to leave a facility!The hotel will be torn down within the year, and it is quite obvious. If you are thinking about staying there-DON'T!!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>hahn74
<Content>Cheap: You Get What You Pay For We booked a cheap hotel as part of a conference and were severely disappointed. After paying extra for a premium room, we felt like prize suckers when we first walked into the room. The carpet was old and dirty. The ceiling had a hole in it. The wallpaper was literally peeling off the wall. Clearly, no furniture or fixture had been updated in decades, and the room and bathroom smelled of mold. The TV didn't turn off except by unplugging the set. I had to call the front desk to confirm that we were, in fact, in a premium room and she assured us that we were. It was a dark, dank, unpleasant experience and I advise anyone to be careful to remember that you get what you pay for. Or, in this case, sometimes you get much less than you pay for. I doubt I would have found a worse room in a roadside motel.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	1	

<Author>R.ching
<Content>Dated but still a great choice               
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gdgasgg
<Content>Wonderful, Safe Hotel The hotel was big and bright so it's a safe place to go in and out, also because it's located on a big street. Right across is also a diner that stays open late - great food, great price. My college friend and I were on a budget, but wanted a safe place to stay since we wanted to visit the nearby bars and clubs, so this was a great choice. Just one word of caution: if you're arriving from SFO, the nearest BART station to this hotel is Civic Center Station (Very scary, especially at night, not kidding! locals all know this). So get off in another station before or after and you should be fine. The hotel is about 6 or 7 blocks from the Macy's Building in Union square which really isn't so bad. You will pass by a few bums on the way, just ignore them or take the cab. If you're looking for a nearby bar or club, the Element lounge (plays hip-hop and modern hits) is only down the street, just a few shops down on Geary. There's also a bar at the hotel but it's quiet and boring, more for the old folks.......  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seymouba
<Content>Fantastic Price, easy location, room was great We stayed in a deluxe room with a king bed and private balconey for $110/ night! The room was spacious and the balconey was very nice. Overall I think this is an AMAZING bargain.The neighborhood west of the hotel is great. The neighborhood north of the hotel is fantastic -- cross Van Ness (east) and you're in the Tenderloin. Head south on Van Ness and your in the Civic Center. Neither are places to be alone at night. During the day it's fine.I'd recommend this for anyone.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hasan1811
<Content>Not a 3 Star Hotel The location in conjunction with transportation was the only thing we enjoyed about the hotel. The T.V. did not work properly and no premium channels were available. I was surprised the hotel was advertised as 3 star-- at best it was a one star hotel (Stevie Wonder could see that). The service was o.k. and the staff was helpful. I couldn't help but feel that the hotel was built in the 19th century as the shower was made for someone 5 feet tall (I am 6' 2). If this place was newly renovated, I think they missed my room. The heat in our room did not work-- we froze all night long. Personally, I think they should have paid me to stay there-- talk about old and 'dingy' looking.The maid service could take some tips on finding out the number of occupants per room as they were 'skimpy' on the number of towels provided. We obtained an additional room during our five day stay and were quoted one price only to be charged a higher price-- talk about speaking with a forked tongue.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	2	3	2	2	

<Author>ElNYC
<Content>Nice time at the Cathedral Hill Hotel My stay at the hotel was pretty good. We checked in for three days in February and stayed at room 304 which was a huge room (non-smoking) with a nice comfortable king size bed. The carpet looked new, our windows looked out into Van Ness and the front of the hotel. The heater worked. We had plenty of space. The bathroom was fine.I knew that the hotel was near the Tenderloin district, so don't take the #38 bus which runs along Geary, it's always crowded and there always seems to be so many homeless taking this bus. Take the the #2 or 3 to Market Street instead or #47 or 49 along Van Ness to get to the Wharf.The location of the hotel is not central, you really need to use the public transportation system if you don't have a car. If you do have a car, there's no problem as they have parking available. Overall, for the price and the hotel's amenities, it's fine.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bewoodsy
<Content>Brilliant room This hotel was magnificent, the friendliness of the staff on reception and the pleasantness of the roommaids, made for an totally enjoyable visit.We had booked a double room on the internet directly with the hotel. This room was enormous, it had all the necessary furniture to please not only the traveller, but the businessman as well. When we arrived we had two bottles of wine on the table to welcome us. A touch that not all hotel use to make the traveller comfortable, but it gives a real good first impression.The bed and pillows were really comfortable, and at last an airconditioning system that actually workedWe ordered two meals via room service during our stay and both times these turned out to be exceptional in presentation and quality.We found this hotel to be close to all the sights that San Franscisco is famous for. This was an added plus.There was only one negative point, and that was the plug in the bath did not work correctly, so when we took a bath we had to either try to keep our foot on the plug to make sure it stayed down or surround the plug with a flannel. This minor problem did not in anyway detract from the enjoyment of such sumptious surroundings.I would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rps291
<Content>Nice!            
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sallyannbeagle
<Content>No, No, No to the Cathedral Hill We booked a room at the Cathedral Hill Hotel as part of a package. We had been in the lobby a couple of years ago and it looked fine. My husband and I ended up in three rooms in 24 hours. We arrived at midnight. We did notice that night the carpet was filthy. (I wore socks the whole time we were in the room.) In the morning, we saw the toilet was leaking on the bathroom floor. That was room number one. For a thirty dollar per night charge we upgraded. Number two was a large room with a couch and 2 queen sized beds. It had been renovated but the carpet had wine stains and the back of the couch looked as if a cat had ripped the material. But the toilet didn't leak. We were out for the day. On our return, my husband went to wash his hands and discovered something disgusting had backed up into the sink. Room number three was directly above room number two. The couch was only stained not shredded but nothing leaked or backed up the rest of our stay. The room was supposedly cleaned but there was a pretzel stick under the desk. For the next two days, we checked to see if maid service got rid of that pretzel. They didn't. So in our first 24 hours, we packed and unpacked three times. Upon complaining to the management, the $30 /day upgrade was dropped. We would never stay there again. If only we had checked with Tripadvisor first.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The old Jack Tar Hotel. I grew up just North of S.F. My mother used to work at the Jack Tar Hotel in the 1950's. It's been the Cathederal Hill Hotel since the 1980's. It has a great parking garage that's free if you stay at the hotel. This is good because if you don't know your way around S.F., PLEASE take taxis or use public transportation. Having grown up with the city in my backyard, I can tell you that you will beat on your car driving it in the city. The traffic and the hills are murder on a car... If you can, rent a car.. Then you can go nuts and drive all over the city.The location of the hotel is perfect because it's next door to Tommy's Joynt. Tommy's is a S.F. landmark restaurant and watering hole. I've been going to Tommy's as long as I can remember for lunch with my dad (t)....... Tommy's is a local hangout that you most likely won't find in your S.F. Tourism Guide eventhough Tommy's has been in the same location for over 50 years. Everytime I travel back to the bay area for a visit, I make a point of eating at Tommy's Joynt for lunch. I like the Turkey Sandwich with a side of Potato Salad... All meats are hand carved before your very eyes. (Hofbrau style cooking) If you haven't been to Tommy's, You haven't been to S.F..The hotel itself is scheduled for demolition next year, (2007), to make way for a new hospital, so don't expect upgraded plumbing in your room. The lobby and meeting rooms are quite nice. They were having a convention of professional transvestite bowlers when we were there. The conventioneers were a laugh a minute.Overall the hotel is like any other hotel ready for the chopping block. You can find better rooms, but you can't find a better location due to Tommy's Joynt. Don't expect anything special from the rooms. They're old, musty and falling apart, and by next year they litterally will be, via the wrecking ball. But if you're stayingin S.F and like good food, this is a good place to stay because it is soclose to a lot of S.F.'s best places ( If you're a local) to eat. Make sure you eat at Tommy's... Also, House of Prime Rib is a few blocks to the North on Van Ness Ave... You can walk there from the hotel. It's on the opposite side of Van Ness about 8 blocks North. There's very little parking, but Valet is available.. It's within walking distance from the hotel... Do you like Prime Rib? If so, you will love The House Of Prime Rib.This is another eatery that MUST be checked out if you're visiting S.F.The hotel is old and musty. Tommy's for Lunch and The House of Prime Rib CAN NOT BE OVERLOOKED! They ARE the San Francisco experience.House of Prime Rib requires reservations. MAKE THEM... It's worth it!As a person that grew up in SF, I can tell you this, eat at House of Prime Rib and at Tommy's Joynt to experience the TRUE S.F. experience.Here's your plan:1) Stay anywhere you like in S.F.2) Get Lunch at Tommy's Joynt. ( Hand carved Turkey on sourdough + potato salad,+ a good German beer).3) Dinner at House of Prime Rib.After that, you can fool around the city as you please at your own discrecion.Like Pizza? Find Blondies Pizza on Powell near Market St.Have fun in S.F. I hope my restaurant suggestions find you well.I bid you fair winds and following seas.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	5	5	5	

<Author>dhefty
<Content>Nothing resembling a Cathedral... We wound up here because our booked hotel had a mishap. The history of the hotel is somewhat interesting - many famous people have stayed here, but you will note that none very recently and for good reason. It is actually a newer hotel - less than 50 years old - but more resembles a hospital on the outside. It isn't incredibly close to anything - Union Square is 10 blocks away (and not a nice walk down Geary Street at night) and Japantown is 7 blocks the other direction. Chinatown is 15 blocks away and the Wharf is an hour walk - but manageable. If you can't walk, avoid the main bus line, it is over crowded and nasty. A cab is your best bet but be aware that most of them take about the least direct route as possible. The hotel caters to business travelers.Our room was tiny and on the third floor. The outside temp was about 55F, but inside it was near 85F. The AC was running full tilt but a 90 year old granny with a walker could create more breeze. (Not to mention the air was warm...) The only option was to open the window and on the corner of two busy streets, the traffic noise was almost too much to deal with. The staff was not especially courteous - but neither were they rude. The only good thing is that we got to stay for Free - thanks to our other hotel. They do appear to have started some rennovations - but with the size of this hotel - looks like it could be a long time in the making.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	4	

<Author>Vacation_Travel
<Content>A 3-star hotel, just adequate rooms, probably a fair price for SF Our rooms were clean and adequate, and smallish. We booked the premier queen rooms. These are supposed to be their best rooms they have next to a suite. Well, I think some are better than others, but if our rooms were just adequate I'm not sure what the standard rooms would be like. It's located a few blocks further from the main shopping and dining attractions than other downtown hotels and as such is price a little lower than similar hotels. The best deal of all is that parking, which can be very expensive in San Francisco, was only $10 a day with a promotional package. The regular parking is $20/day which is still cheaper than many. When you compare hotel room costs in San Franciso, if you need parking for a car, be sure to find out how much it is at each hotel. One hotel we liked alot charged $42.50 per day. That adds a lot to the daily cost.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>zett
<Content>OK at Cathedral Hill The room was in need of some rug repair. The bathroom was clean but the shower was very dark. and there wasn't any fan in the bathroom. The lobby was large but dusty.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>LKnussman
<Content>Used to be nice...now, not so much We booked this on priceline and were looking for a three star in the area. We've been to San Fran before (family lives in the area) so luckily this wasn't our only vision of the city. The area itself was fine. I was worried about the whole Tenderloin thing but that wasn't an issue. This hotel seemed like it was nice in 1970 or something. Then when we heard it was being torn down we assumed that is why they haven't updated it. The bar area was really nice and they had a great little coffee shop but that was it. The room was horrible. I wish I had read the prior review first that said to change rooms because we must have gotten the low class room with stains on the carpet and the hardest bed in the universe. It was just dingy. I was really disappointed and have complained to Priceline about it (never had a problem before). It was cheap and it showed.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>djasper
<Content>Mixed Bag This must have been a grand hotel at one time but it is getting a little tired and ready for a major overhaul. Rumors of a hospital going on the site. The hotel is given a 3 star rating by some sites and I think that is stretching it a bit. I'd call it a pretty good 2 star. We booked on priceline expecting a 3* in the downtown area. When told the result and checking the reviews, we became concerned and called the hotel and priceline. My wife can be calmly assertive and the manager moved us up to a 'superior room'. The room was clean and beige with a nice view of the Japanese pool area and a little balcony. The bed was bad and we had a hard time with the springs. Again we calmly and assertively spoke to the manager (Scott) who moved us to a 'premier room' on 7th floor. He told us it was a 4 star room. It was very nice (still beige!) and the bed was amazing. Here are some pros and cons for this hotel: Pro: Good location-NOT a scary area, great restaurants in the area- Mels,Johnny's, Kyoto Sushi, friendly staff and very helpful, (a toast to Scott), very convenient transportation, plain but clean rooms. Con: noisy (old windows), big range in room quality, stair wells need a major cleaning, little things like burnt light bulbs, hair dryer didn't work, glasses weren't replaced, yadayada. They just don't seem to quite get it...! For the price and the people, we'd stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Norolt
<Content>Dissapointed Have to agree with other readers, this really wasn't a great hotel.We were on an organised tour of the West Coast and this was our last stop before going to Hawaii for a week to chill and we were really looking forward to San Fran. Unfortunaly for my husband this hotel and the area surrounding it ruined his experiance of San Fran. Im not really sure why the tour company decided to put us in this hotel being so near the tenderloin area and we were very dissapointed-something i shall be taking up with them. On our way from Sacremento the tour guide told us to be in the hotel by 9pm, not something you really want to hear when your on holiday! On getting to the hotel and to our room we only had one case, they had put the other one in the another room, lucky for us they were honest enough to take the case to reception as i was going down to complain.The room its self was horrible, they had stuck things back on the wall with tape, the bed was uncomfortble and small by American standards, there were lots of Ants (friends of ours had to be moved rooms because of the ant infestation) and the shower was very questionable and noisy.My husband and i are not fancy travellers and had just spent the previous 12 days in budget accomodation which was fine by us but we were seriously unimpressed with this.The only good thing i have to say about this hotel was when we wanted to get a taxi the bell man was very helpfull and got us a very good deal.I think we were lucky to have good company with us and 3 nights was certainly enough at this hotel.This has put my husband off from ever going to San Fran again but i loved it there (besides the hotel) and if i get the chance to go again i would stay down by the Wharf. Had an amazing day there!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	-1	2	2	

<Author>consumeradvocate
<Content>Bad Service Rude and unprofessional front/help desk. Checked me (and a bride from another party) in into the wrong room. Did not pick up breakfast order on the doorknob, so no breakfast arrived the next day. Had to order breakfast over the phone, and they charged me for food that I did not get, and I had to correct them. The front desk did not distribute gift bags that a bride had given them to distribute to her guests.Hard to get something from them without having to ask several times.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>NZTraveller
<Content>It IS the Pits! We booked this hotel for one night because the we couldn't get three nights in the lovely Hotel Carlton and this was just around the corner. Well it's 3 blocks futher away from Union Square and closer to the dodgy Tenderlion area.Scott who booked us in was surly and rude. He had that annoying habit of just repeating himself over and over when we were trying to get something sorted.Which reminds me that booking with Orbitz was also the pits!We booked a shuttle to the airport on Orbitz and paid $30 for it but the hotel said they knew nothing about it and we had to pay again!The hotel itself was ugly. The halls smelled very strongly of bleach and the rooms looked like orignal 70s decor and not in a good retro way.We couldn't wait to leave this hotel, even after one night and put a damper on our last night in San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>mserv/1
<Content>This hotel is to use an American term 'the pitts' I trevelled through California and Arizona and stopped at some wonderful hotels until we reached San Francisco and stayed at the Catherdral Hill Hotel. This hotel is dirty,aged and above all way past its sell by date. If your are intending to stay here? DON'T???? Travelsphere who are an english based travel company booked this hotel as part of our tour and I can only say they must have been very tight with the budget, because I would'nt let my pet dog sleep on the dirty floors in this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>dbaird1
<Content>hotel good, bar staff even better. We really enjoyed San Francisco, the city was beautiful and all we could ask for. We read reviews of the hotel after we had booked and frankly were concerned, However the hotel is fine, the area is fine and there is a really good bus service to Fisherman's Wharf nearby.The bar staff are great, hats of to Steve for his entertaining bar work and we would gladly go back.Some of you reviewers are way too fussy!D BairdEdinburgh  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>nedhop
<Content>More than adequate I first stayed at the Cathedral Hill -- it was then known as the Jack Tar -- nearly 40 years ago. I stayed in it again for two nights this month. The hotel was OK in the 1960s; it's still OK.Rooms are large and well kept. Bathrooms and closets are tiny (as were those in most hotels decades ago), but clean and supplied with the essentials -- including abundant hot water -- as well as an automatic coffee maker. A good-sized television set sits in a large cabinet with three or four large drawers.The Cathedral Hill has a good enough restaurant and a nice bar. On the patio (4th) floor there's a large Japanese garden that is a nice place for snacks, drinks, and just lounging about. (Some fourth floor rooms open directly onto the garden, or patio.)The hotel also has a newsstand and other shops. Parking is available; at US$22 a night -- not expensive by San Francisco standards (and the price allows unlimited ins-and-outs).Being at Van Ness and Geary, the Cathedral Hill is not located near San Francisco's main attractions; but the city is small enough that most are within a (somewhat long) walking distance. There are several decent restaurants in the area and Japantown, with the most reasonably priced sushi (and other dishes) in the city, is a five-minute drive away.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>salesdiva
<Content>It's the pits! Sorry we didn't move to a different hotel. This hotel was foisted on us by RCI time-shares, and was presented as an up-scale establishment. When we pulled up, I was very worried, but the lobby was in excellent shape, and seemed promising. What a disappointment! When we checked in, I specifically asked for a quiet room, as we have a kid with sleep problems. So, of course, they put us on the Van Ness side of the building which is incredibly noisy. Everything you read in the negative reviews is true. Frankly, the people who say this place is okay for the money are dreaming. After we got to our room, we had a lengthy discussion about checking out and moving to the Courtyard, where you at least get free internet. Cathedral Hill has Wi-Fi only, at a cost of over $15 per day. Even the Holiday Inn up the street had free internet service.Negatives: Rooms and hallways are filthy. We asked housekeeping to at least take care of the mildew mural in our shower. Was never cleaned up. Last 2 days of our stay one of the elevators was out of service and consequently had extremely lengthy waits to get downstairs. Absolutely NO amenities beyond a blow-dryer, iron and coffe maker. No refrigerator, no free internet, absolutely THE MOST uncomfortable beds I have slept in in 20 years of traveling for business. I want to know who the people were who posted the review that said they had wine in their rooms! What hotel was that?! And the icing on the cake: I heard people requesting refrigerators, so we asked for one to be sent to our room. Bien sur! Only $5 per day to have a refrigerator in your room. Outrageous. I'm surprised they didn't charge for the air we were breathing.Also, because of the proximity to the Tenderloin, there really are a tremendous number of homeless people around the hotel, and some of them are pretty aggressive about working the tourists.Positives: 1. Hotel security and the guys working the garage were very nice and very helpful. 2. It's across the street from Tommy's Joynt restaurant, absolutely the best meal buy in town. Tommy's Joynt consistently ranked as Best Cheap Eats in town by SF Chronicle. Van Ness Bakery across the street is a great bargain for breakfast. 3. You can get the bus to ATT Park right in front of the hotel.Net/net, no way is this a 3-star hotel. I have stayed in Super 8s that were far cleaner and better appointed.P.S. Mel's Diner is over-priced and over-rated. We thought it extremely expensive for the quality and quantity of food served, and either the wait-staff or kitchen are unbelievably slow.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	2	1	

<Author>traveler1179
<Content>Watch your Valuables In This Hotel A $400 IPOD was stolen from our room during our stay while we were out for the day. The hotel security and management was rude and uncorroporative, telling us you can't PROVE that it was stolen, so we're not going to help you. During our stay we found doors proped opened and hotel staff wandering in and out of rooms, leaving the rooms unprotected. Our conclusion was: THIS HOTEL IS NOT SAFE. It is shabby, in a fairly seedy neighborhood, and does not treat it's costomers with respect or courtesy. If you value your belongings, you may want to stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>back/from/italy
<Content>beware that this is a 2 star hotel at it's best. no words can express how bad this hotel is. stay away and be warned. dirty, old, not updated and waiting to be turned into a hospital. no ownership to improve the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>OnTheRoadElla
<Content>Yuck! I stayed here one night for a seminar. I was too grossed out to touch pretty much anything in my room. If there was a remodel (I read that somewhere), it certainly hadn't made it to my room. Not only was it dated but it was pretty filthy. There were holes in my walls!!!! I would defintely NOT stay here again. The staff was, however, pretty friendly.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay We were pleasantly surprised at the hotel, after reading all the negative reviews. We were staying as friends of the hospital that owns the hotel and when we made the reservations had a difficult time. The only rude employee we encountered was the one on the phone when we made the reservation! We stayed 4 nights at the Cathedral Hill, while visiting the city. The first night we did have to call down for extra towels and washcloths and they were sent up right away. We were on the 8th floor and the only complaint-the 8th floor didn't have a vending machine or ice machine, but we found some one floor down! The breakfast buffet was great! We visited the gift shop and coffee shop and no complaints there. However, never did figure out why Halloween decorations were on the windows of the coffee shop in July! We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SuzTheWoodlands
<Content>our experience was just fine! We also were skeptical after reading some of the reviews for this hotel, especially since it was a new addition to the RCI Point system. We had a week long reservation for a queen room (all that was available at the time) and needed one night before our week started. Having looked at the photos on the website we noticed that the beds seemed really square (in our experience that means hard) and the pillows very flat in the standard rooms so we upgraded for our single night stay. Our king bed was the most comfortable we have slept on, the pillows great and the room had a pool view with a balcony (this was a premium room for $60 upgrade). I wouldn't say the staff isn't friendly, they are just job focused and not people focused. They don't make conversation easily, but after a week we managed to get smiles and a few sentences out of them. If you ask for information about the city, you do get it in a concise sentence which is what some people may consider the rudeness, but really, most people we ran into in San Francisco were the same way-not very conversational. When it came time to check into our real room with RCI the clerk asked if we would just like to stay where we were (bed upgrade and room upgrade) and that it would just be the same $60 extra per night. We agreed, paying 60 a night for a hotel in San Francisco was unheard of. Sure we could have moved to our standard room and stayed for free, but this was vacation! All in all we liked the hotel, especially the central location and nearness to the California St.cable cars just 4 blocks to the north. One warning, DON'T go walking from the hotel to Union Square via Geary or O'Farrell-this area is very dicey and really looked like the set of a New York cop show. Many homeless, prostitutes and drug users in the doorways. No one hassled us (we obviously didn't belong in the neighborhood) but it was uncomfortable. Walk 4-5 blocks NORTH to California St (and Starbucks!) and get on the cable car to go to Union Square. You MUST eat at Mel's diner on the corner! Definately the cleanest shiniest diner we've ever been in! We would definately use this hotel again (and stay in a premium room).  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shazjak
<Content>Would visit again After reading the reviews prior to travelling we were extremely worried at what we had let ourselves in for, but we did not need to worry. The room we had was lovelly and clean and spacious. Staff were also helpful. Its in a good location and there is a Mels diner across the road (I recommend the chilli fries).  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Careful After driving 9 hours to San Francisco we were met by a very rude individual at the front desk. My wife and I were exhausted. We are also large adults. We have never been able to sleep on a queen size bed. The clerk could see this and informed us that we would have to sleep on a queen size bed unless we paid an aditional $160.00 up grade. Our original reservation for a kingsize bed woud not be honored at this hotel at the agreed price. We had no choice but to pay an aditional $160.00. We were also lectured why we should never use hotel.com. Actually, this was our own fault. Over all, the Hotel was okay, but we did feel cheated. I would never recommend this experience to anyone. Customer service is also very poor. We met several rude staff. Management has a real problem here. This all reflects on poor leadership. The clerk went on to explain that this happens all the time here. What this means is that Cathedral Hotel does it all the time. Buyer beware.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Checked out 20 minutes after checking in. I would say this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at, but I checked out 20 minutes after checking in. Even though we booked through priceline so couldn't be refunded, and even though we're beyond broke, we found another hotel immediately and just ate the cost. It was that bad.I pricelined the hotel - I got a supposed 3-star hotel and so I wasn't concerned. How this is judged to be 3 stars is beyond me. This is a depressing, ugly, old, stained dump. If I had stayed here, I would have never wanted to relax, let alone sleep, in the room. Carpet, curtains  bedspreads were dingy and stained. Wallpaper was put up shoddily and was peeling. Bathroom was tiny. The only up side was that the room was not too small... so there was more ugliness to love!To top it off, travelling with 2 kids, we needed 2 beds. The hotel had the audacity to say sure, we have availability, but priceline guests get charged $10/night extra for 2 beds. Never at any other hotel has this happened - not even at 4 stars we've stayed at. I guess this hotel must need to do everything possible to make money. I can't imagine anyone ever choosing it. Priceline chance guests must be what they rely on.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>spaee
<Content>Good choice near the city center Very nice localisation (Cathedral Hill) in walking distance from the Frisco centre. Nice, clean rooms, outdoor pool, good buffet breakfast. Worth recommendation.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Cathedral Stayed at the cathedral Hill for four Nights in early April 2006, on reading some of the reviews about this Hotel arrived with more than a few concerns. But found to or surprise that the Hotel was really good,the bedroom was large and well presented but more important clean, the staff where helpful and curtious. Near to the Hotel are a few restaurants, cafes etc. I would recomend Mel's Dinner just across the street where we had many a good breakfast. On the whole we had a very good Holiday in San Franciscoand would use this Hotel on any future visits.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and price My husband booked an airfare/hotel package online and this was the hotel he chose. I read these reviews after he booked but before our trip, and I was admittedly nervous. I must say that the hotel exceeded my expectations. The location is fabulous (walking distance to most of the city; bus stop right in front of the hotel) and the lobby/restaurant/gift shop/pool are lovely. We chose to upgrade to a room on the side facing the pool (away from the busy street) and we had a balcony. The wallpaper was unattractive, and the overall decor was dated, but our room was clean and all hotel personnel were helpful and friendly. There are restaurants across the street from the hotel, and they were good. Mel's Drive-in and Tommy's Joynt were especially good. If you are willing to walk and/or use public transportation, this is great. We're teachers, so we travel on a budget. This area felt like the real San Francisco, which we prefer (as opposed to the touristy Fisherman's Wharf). If you want a great location and price and aren't offended by dated decor, this is the place for you! :)  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jondavi
<Content>No words to describe this dump Lets put it this way. The less said the better. Motel 6 rates higher. Rooms are incredibly dirty and dumpy.On a scale of 1-10 this hotel rates a -10.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as bad as it sounds- I stayed here for 3 nights during a conference - read all the reviews on here and got really nervous. If you're looking for a 4-star hotel, don't stay here. But, I didn't have any problems with the hotel. My room was clean, hallways clean, meeting rooms clean, lobby nice and staff nice. So the toilet is hanging from the wall - who the heck cares? It worked every time I flushed it. (I'm short so this didn't bother me, but note that the showerhead is pretty low.) My room was always made up in a timely manner. The concierge was always happy to give directions, call a cab, make suggestions, etc. There is a nice little bar for happy hour and gift shop which always had some sort of fresh fruit and a good selection of sodas, juices, etc. I had breakfast in the hotel - $12 buffet - probably better ( less expensive) across the street at Mel's Diner.All in all, it was a pleasant enough stay. Nothing stellar, but nothing wrong either.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pinsey
<Content>Fair - OK Stayed 2 nights mid March. Hotel is in a nice area, a bit far from the tourist stuff. As recorded in other reviews the hotel is older. The lobby and restaurant are nice and was once 4 STAR HOTEL. Things have aged but are not terrible. Breakfast buffett is 11.00 and very good.The main drawback was the stained carpet and the lack of excellence. I think the hotel has accepted its status in life of being a reasonable alternative in price and location. I paid 60.00 on Priceline.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>upset-traveler
<Content>Great price My husband and I have to say that after reading the reviews posted, we were skeptical and even phoned Priceline with our concerns. Upon arriving though, we found the staff to be pleasant and helpful, rooms clean, price for parking comparable to everywhere else in San Francisco, location central, and the breakfast bagels and fruit wonderful. We have no major compliants and found our stay with Cathedral Hill to be pleasant and enjoyable.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hello_It's_Me_21
<Content>It didn't cost much and it shows I booked this on Priceline and wasn't very happy when I found I was booked into a hotel in the Tenderloin. Then I came here and read the reviews and I was futher worried.It wasn't quite as bad as feared but it wasn't very good either. Location: right on Van Ness so it wasn't too bad. Just don't walk downhill across Van Ness as it gets ugly fast. Uphill isn't bad. Lots of restaurants around and Whole Foods Market is a 10 minute walk in a safe direction. Heading to Union Square? Take a cab.They don't have a place to park out front while you check in so you have to park in the red zone. Rather annoying.The lobby was very nice. The staff were very friendly. Lots of parking and $20/day isn't bad for San Fran. The better hotels are higher.The room was larger than expected. The carpet was stained like everyone here has stated. The carpets seemed very well worn and the stains seemed old. Even the walls had stains. The maid service missed a crumpled up candy wrapper on the nightstand. The bed was rock hard but the sheets were clean. The bathroom standard and shabby. The tub was small and very dark. The shower head is great if you're under 5 feet tall. The temperature bounced back and forth from hot to cold in the shower every 10 seconds. The toilet looked like something out of a hospital. The sink was old and scratched (one of those shell shaped things). Thin towels.Room service leftovers sat in the hall across from my room the whole day.The elevators were fine and all seemed to work.I was on the side street and it was pretty quiet except for a car alarm early in the morning. It was a Saturday night and I had the windows open all night and no road or people noise.I feel that even though I paid very little for the room by San Fran standards ($65 plus fees/taxes) I feel I overpaid for what I got.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JayTee716
<Content>Having Second Thoughts? Don鈥檛!               More photos  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Steveky4
<Content>Fine for short stay Stayed for two nights with a Tour group. Rooms tidy and clean although our aircon wouldn't turn off. Good cinema across the street and a few places to eat around the hotel if you don't want to eat in the hotel. Good bus links down to Union Square.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the bed bugs bite! eek! dingy carpet and three red welts from apparent bed bug bites. yuck. otherwise an uneventful and mediocre hotel experience.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>txrus
<Content>Cathedral Hill Hotel-A Sure Fire Miss!!! I have the misfortune of being @ the CHH right now  let me say from the start, it was not my choice!!! As I understand it, the hotel is slated to be torn down in approximately 18 mos  I don't think the day can come soon enough!!! I also think, as far as the staff is concerned, tear down day is tomorrow  they are simply marking time until they find jobs elsewhere-I have NEVER seen such poor attitudes across the board as there is here. I asked 4 people, over the course of 2 days, at the front desk  bell stand, for a list of local restaurants in the area-NO ONE could give me anything. Even a place like Travelodge can do better!!! The hotel itself is very run down  the room I have, which they tried to charge me an 'upgrade' fee of $25/night for, is dirty, plain  simple. The rug is dirty, the walls are dirty (I don't even want to guess what ran down the walls between the beds), the bedding smells dirty...you name it, it's dirty, ripped, or torn. However, you could say it's a perfect complement to the area the hotel is in-dirty  rundown. AC in the room doesn't work, but at least the windows open  it's cool enough that the lack of AC doesn't really matter, however, it is a further sign of the overall deterioration of the hotel. While the breakfast buffet this morning was pretty good, dinner last night was definately NOT-the only upside to either is that I'm ultimately not paying for it. Do yourself a favor  stay far, far, far away from this hotel!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>SuzzyS
<Content>No recommendation here I booked this hotel online before I knew about Trip Advisor (can't remember which site I used). My 17-year old son and I were taking a college tour trip and stopping off in SF. He had not been to SF before and this hotel did not help the image of the city - on the website, they shot it at night and it looked pretty good for the price. In the daytime it looks pretty bad and it is in a creepy part of town - the Tenderloin district - not an area you want to walk at night. The concierge was never at his post so it was difficult to get answers to questions. I must admit there were some ok things about it - a cute little pastry shop for coffee and danish in the morning is in the lobby. Access to public transportation; i.e., the streetcars wasn't too bad. This area of San Francisco is just so ugly that it's a shame.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>koolchas
<Content>It's seen better times ... The Cathedral Hill has seen better times. What makes this hotel attractive is the fact you can find very low rates. I paid $75 night WITH parking! That is cheap for SF. But, despite the low price and to me great location (I enjoy Polk St., all the Thai restaurants, and other great hole in walls) I doubt I'll stay there again and pay the extra money to stay somewhere else. I stayed there for 4 days including the weekend. This was my second stay so, I requested to be on the garden view side ... not much of a view but, very quiet since you are not facing Van Ness. But, given the low price, the Cathedral Hill as become known to locals as the Go-tel. On both Friday and Saturday night, once I stepped out of the elevator, I felt I walked into one of the Adult nightspots such as Mitchell Bros or New Century which are a few blocks down from the hotel. Let's just say lots of loud adult sounds (not the TV) and just hope you don't have a child with you. In addition, many parties were going on in the rooms too. In fact, on my floor security had to clear out two rooms due to a fight breaking out. Apparently, both rooms were filled with teenagers; drinking and doing drugs.During the workweek, the hotel was not as booked and it was more quiet overall. Being an ex-resident of San Francisco, I go back several years on business. From what I was told on this visit when meeting with local friends, the site where the hotel sits is going to be turned into a hospital. If true, that explains why the carpet is terrible, the decor is very outdated, and the bathroom is something to laugh at. I am very tall and the shower head did not reach the middle of my chest. I had to do yoga-like moves in order to wash my face and hair. The TV is terrible with a half-dozen channels. The room was pretty much the same as my last stay almost a year ago but, again, I was attracted by the price and figured I'd give it a second try.In fairness, this is what you get for the price being so inexpensive. The staff was very nice and they do accomadate. No issue with the staff. Although many here have issue with the area, that is secondary to me. I actually like the area as it is as real as SF gets but, when in a hotel I want to feel like I've escaped the outside elements; not bring them inside with me. I want to be able to walk into a room and kick my shoes off; not feel I have to keep them on because the carpet is so dirty. I want variety on the TV if relaxing ... I want quietness ... I want a clean functionable bathroom ... I don't want to hear what others are doing in their rooms. It's those reasons why I won't stay there again regardless of price. As mentioned, location is about as urban as SF gets. You do have to cross the Tenderloin to get to downtown. A walk to downtown shopping and the theater district is 15 minutes. So, you will see all the negative elements that SF has to offer (homeless, prostitutes, drug addicts, panhandlers). Polk St. is just one block down which has a mix of everything. The immediate area has everything from cheap good restaurants, small bars, clubs (straight, gay, and transgender), shops, coffee houses, as well as adult entertainment. City Hall as well as the Opera House are close by. Basically, everything is walkable. I say a great location if a single traveler, boyfriend/girlfriend traveler, clubber, nightowl, bar hopper, or couple with no kids who are on an adventure. Not recommended if you are a family with children or a business traveler who desires a quiet area and expect business style or executive accomadations.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>2	5	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Great, Not Bad... I never thought I'd write a review of a hotel before, but here I am doing just that! After getting this hotel reservation via priceline.com, I was instantly curious as to the quality of this San Francisco establishment. I read all the reviews available, and after disecting each of them... I tried getting my money back before I even stayed there! Suffice it to say, the reviews were not at the THREE STAR rating, in my opinion. Unfortunatley, priceline.com lives by the credo, YOU GET WHAT WE GIVE YOU! ... so, basically I was stuck with it. As we approached the hotel, I was not really that impressed, as it's sandwiched in a somewhat dingy part of SF (albeit, moments from many key spots). As stated in other reviews, the elevator from the garage was out of commission, so we used a SERVICE ELEVATOR...very nasty! Once inside the hotel, it wasn't so bad. The staff was curteous, and accommodating (unlike many of the reviews). We got a room on the 5th floor, and it was huge! The beds were firm, but not that bad. It was definitely clean... after our check out the next morning, I decided it was exactly as it was rated... a THREE STAR hotel! If you have concerns, I can only help you out by saying... the price of $75.00 (which included tax, but not the $20.00 parking) was worth it. It's not a MARRIOTT nor is it a HYATT... but it's a step up from an ECONOLODGE!!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to standards We transferred to this hotel because the hotel we where staying at was booked for the weekend. There's a reason this hotel has plenty of availability. The room looked like it hadn't been update in 50 years. The A/C barely worked. You might be thinking that SF is usually pretty cool at night why don't you open the windows. We'll our room was right over a busy street on a main bus line and there was a bar across the street. It was so noisy with the windows closed that we barely slept at all. Here a comparison. We stayed at the Courtyard Marriott Downtown before we transferred here. You wouldn鈥檛 think of the Courtyard as a luxury hotel. Well compared to the Cathedral Heap, the Courtyard was the Ritz! Do not stay here. Spend a little more to stay some place without holes in the carpet.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A_Oddo
<Content>Not the Plaza, but not too bad. After reading some of the reviews on this hotel I was a bit worried. I was traveling with my husband and 8-month old son and was concerned about the cleanliness of the room. Check in was a breeze ... parking was very convenient ($20 extra per day) - right below the hotel. There is very low clearance, though. We were in a Sequoia and it barely cleared. We opened the sunroof and could touch the ceiling with our hands. Parking stalls are also pretty narrow. We were on the 8th floor in a very clean, very quiet room. Of course, it was fleet week and the Blue Angels were performing. That was the only noise we heard, though. TV's had the general cable channels as well as Starz. Pay-per-view movies and games were available. Complimentary (small) bottles of wine were in the room too ... a red and a white.The bathroom is small and the shower is VERY dark once you close the shower curtain. There were nice towels and bathrobes to use. Also, there was a nice vanity mirror with a light for make up. We didn't eat at the restaurants, but probably would have had we not had existing dining plans with family and friends. There is a small espresso/pastry shop in the lobby, a bistro/grill restaurant (menu looked great) and then a more casual breakfast buffet area. There is a 24-hr Mel's Diner across the street. I was tempted to go grab some pancakes when my son woke up at 3 am :). There is also a pastry/donut/coffee shop across the street. There is an area to sign up for tours, etc. or general directions in the city and there is a small store for essentials and souvenirs. I met some friends for dinner that night and the hotel graciously called a taxi for me, escorted me out to the pick up area and told the driver where I was headed. Overall I think the staff was awesome and the accommodations were nicer than your typical Ramada/Best Western, etc., but not quite as nice as Westins/Hyatts. Of course, there could be nicer/larger rooms in this hotel ... we just pricelined it and booked the smallest one. As for the location, it is several blocks ($7 cab ride) to Union Square and a little bit further to the restaurants in North Beach. It worked well for our purposes, though, of visiting friends in different areas of the city.Check-out was just as smooth. We were on our way in about two minutes. All in all, not a bad experience at all. Nice lobby, nice staff and a clean room are exactly what I need in a hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>limgrn
<Content>Good Value ; Great Location My boyfriend was finishing up a internship at the Chronicle in January. I came up for the weekend to explore the city. The first night I booked through Priceline; bid accepted at $50 +/-. We ended up with the Catherdal Hill Hotel. Hotel is in a decent location close to Muni stops w/lots of restuarants and stuff within walking distance. Used public transport the whole weekend, never more that 20 min. or one transfer to anywhere we wanted to go. Hotel not the newest, fanciest in the city and the rooms are small. However, everything was clean and maintained. We enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Magdavondahl
<Content>Never again - Stay somewhere else!       reservoir hair and black specs  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Floatman
<Content>Hotel Needs Work, Great Staff Though Carpets in the rooms are at least 15 years old and filthy. Yuck! I was in a room on the 4th floor facing a busy street and it was noisy. Treffic all night. Staff was very accomodating and friendly though and changed me to a quieter room the second night. The lobby looks great. Room service was good. Coffee shop needs to open earlier. Sometimes it didn't open until after 7:00 AM. Fortunately there is a bakery across the street.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>runner8
<Content>A little dirty When we drove past the hotel, I was immediately worried, it looked old! I was hoping that they had spent the money inside. They hadn't. It wasn't grossly gross, but the blankets were stained as were the shower curtains, to the point where you didn't want to touch it. We didn't spend much time in our room, so it was bearable, and it is a great location.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yuck... Tiny rooms, gross comforters with an even worse blanket, dimly lit bathroom with one outlet, shower curtain falling off and a shower head that hit my husband in the chest. The modem is next to the phone by the bed instead of by the desk and you have to unplug the light or clock to plug your computer in for power. The TV channels are all fuzzy and the A/C unit is on the wall where you pull a nob to turn it on and have numbers 1-4 to pick the temperature. The restaurant is fairly good, but the wine selections aren't great for the price.The concierge was hardly at his counter and there were never taxis so you had to rely on him to call for you. It made things very inconvenient.Overall we were not impressed at all.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Priceline disaster I'm a frequent visitor to San Francisco, and have used Priceline on a number of occasions to find rooms. I've generally bid on a four-star room, and have ended up in such typical business hotels as the Hilton and the Holiday Inn in the Financial District. My one bid on a three-star put me in the Pickwick, which turned out to be a decent enough experience. I turned to Priceline over Labor Day weekend after I discovered that my favorite budget hotel, the Castle Inn, could not accommodate me. I was unable to get a four-star or a boutique room on my latest attempt, and my offer of $72 a night for a three-star was finally accepted. When I was given the name of the hotel, I read the reviews here, and although I was taken aback by what I read, I hoped for the best.Unfortunately, the general consensus on the place turned out to be correct. I arrived at about midnight, and even though Priceline had guaranteed a late arrival, the desk clerk made a snide comment about my arrival time. The king room I requested was not available, and she claimed that the only room left in the hotel was a queen. She assured me, however, that I would be getting a non-smoking room, and I decided to reserve further judgment until I got upstairs.I knew I would be disappointed as I walked down the hall to the room--the wallpaper was marked and dirty, and the paint on the doors was marred and chipped. When I arrived at my room (659), I was greeted by a broken switchplate and the odors of both mildew and cigarette smoke. The lights came on to reveal cheap, scratched furniture with cigarette burns, worn and dirty carpet that was well overdue for replacement, and a rock-hard bed with a worn bedspread. The tub had rust stains, and the vanity was stratched and burned as well. The ventilation system was literally decades old, and during my entire four-day stay, I could not get any airflow in the room.The service was no better. Both the night and the morning desk clerks insisted that no other rooms were available, and since I was preoccupied with business matters, I eventually gave up and resigned myself to staying in the room. For two of the four nights there, I received no linen service, and my call to housekeeping went unanswered. Garage parking was $23 per night, including tax, which was well in keeping with prices throughout the city.I realize that $72 isn't a lot of money for a hotel room in SF, and I don't have a problem staying in budget accommodations. However, I do have a problem with the place being advertised as a three-star establishment, which, according to both Priceline and AAA, is one that offers special amenities. Quite simply, the hotel is in desperate need of renovation (both the physical plant and the front office), and unless you have no other option, I would give it a wide berth.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>roderules
<Content>It could have been worse.... Okay, I read the other reviews so I wasn't expecting plush accomodations, but the room I got was small and NOISY! Street noise on the Van Ness Ave side is continuous day and night. If only the air conditioning had worked even a little, then keeping the windows open would not have been necessary. Thank goodness the weather was very cool. First night there a big time afterhours party got cracking about 2am down the hall with about 50 loud and obnoxious people who had to be shut down by security, but not until 3:30am! The room itself was kept spotless by housekeeping, but the furnishings were very old and Motel 6ish. Room lighting left a lot to be desired. Three lamps but all with those fluorescent bulb inserts that combined with the yellowed lampshades made me feel like I had hepatitis everytime I looked into the mirror. The beds were reasonable good, but the blankets were old and pilled and the sheets had holes in them. The pillows were just plain awful. Put the rooms on the 7th floor on the fast track for renovation! The garage below the hotel was convenient, but very crowded and tight to get in and out. The restaurant on the other hand had a pretty good breakfast buffet daily for $12.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was just fine We were originally booked at another hotel that ended up being overbooked and they got us a room at Cathedral Hill. When we first drove up we were very leery. From the outside it looks just awful. We were even debating about just going home- but decided to check it out. We were pleasantly surprised. They staff were helpful, the rooms were small but clean. It appeared to me that they may have been recently refurbished. The chair and bed linens seemed fairly new. The biggest complaint I had was that the elevators were much too small for the size of the hotel and you often had to wait a while. The food in the restaurants was fine. We had a balcony room overlooking the pool that was nice (room 771) The beds were a bit small though. Also, in the shower they had some beautiful shower curtains that were a dark stripe and the liner was a tan color and it made it rather dark in the shower- not a very big deal. Over all we were very happy with our stay at Cathedral Hill.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mustkeepgoing
<Content>Best deal in town (for those on a budget)!! The rates we paid to stay at Cathedral Hill were dirt cheap!! So, we expected the hotel to be horrible...but it's really not! It's a very good deal for being a budget hotel in the midst of San Francisco citylife. I was perfectly okay having my 4 year old son here, as well as my senior citizen relatives -- all of whom were comfortable enough with the hotel and the rooms to nap during the day! Like the other reviews, it may need a facelift, but the rooms were clean enough (though a bit on the small side), and the staff was very good. Beds were comfy, and as long as you don't open the curtains all the way (to reveal the wall between the windows), the rooms are bright and airy :) The restaurant downstairs has good food. And the LOCATION is GREAT! (5 blocks to Union Square, straight down Van Ness to Fisherman's Wharf, walk to Little Osaka) It's not California glossy style, but it has character and is more on the real side. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It is an above average hotel We just came back from spending one week in SF at this hotel. It is properly managed, resonable price and the location is pretty good: you can walk or taking buses to the main attractions. The hotel staff can book super shuttle to the airport for $13/person/one way. We have no problems at all during our time there and would hightly recommended it.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EastKootenayVisitor
<Content>Old Lady needs a facelift, but she ain't that bad Stayed at the Cathedral Hill, Feb 27-March 5. This old lady needs a facelift but overall it was not a bad place. She is ugly compared to the great architecture SF has to offer. Good location for the Civic Center/ Opera/Symphony. Only about 4 blocks to the California Cable Car terminus. Hotel food was basic hotel food...but being SF, dining out is part of the whole SF experience. Single women travelers may want to use caution as it is on the edge of the Tenderloin area, but Van Ness is a busy avenue. I was there during the week and it was quiet, but I did notice that on Friday more people coming for weekend getaways. It is nothing fancy but not the black hole of Calcutta either.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible! This place is horrible, like a cheap motel at best. The walls are so thin that I could hear the neighbors opening their closet door. Also, I heard vacuuming outside at 9am on a Saturday morning, which ruined any chances of sleeping in. When I climbed into bed I noticed HOLES in the bottom AND top sheets! The carpet was really dirty, and the bathroom shower didn't have consistent water heat. It would alternate between really hot and cold. In addition, the towels were hard and scratchy and very uncomfortable. Totally not worth the $$. Stay somewhere else!!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I don't recommend this hotel, there are a bunch of others in San Francisco. I don't recommend this hotel, there are a bunch of others in San Francisco. I did not stay in this hotel, but they did not refund the money payed for the rooms. To bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Place is FINE. Not a 5-star hotel, but passable, for those on a budget! listen, i did the priceline thing and ended up trying to save some cashola and put in my price per night for a hotel: $65 and ended up with being given the cathedral hill hotel. it's not as bad as many of these reviews make it out to be. perhaps they paid well over $100 per night. i wouldn't do that, but $65 a night, pretty much with a good location (center of san francisco) and ease to walk to BART, MUNI is all over, close to the 101N approach to the Golden Gate Bridge and just as close to 101S/280, it's a good overall location. The rooms are average, but the people who work there are very nice. also, you can avoid paying to park, if you rent a car or drive to this hotel. you can park on many of the streets safely around, overnight at a meter FOR FREE! anytime after 6pm, the meters in san francisco shut off. since this is near city hall and many of the downtown SF municipal buildings, the meters are a plenty, but like i said, after 6pm mon-sat, you're good to go for overnight, safe parking. also, the cathedral hill hotel does charge a rip-off for overnight parking, if you want a garage overnight option, there are a few others around within a few blocks.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Huge disappointment My boyfriend and I stayed there for couple of days in May, 2004. I was very disappointed. We arrived there little before midnight, very tired from a sports event. The front desk staff was very rude and didn't want to corp with us for our needs. The room was very small and dirty. Uncomfortable bed, dirty wall and floor, old old bathroom. I thought it was a 4 star hotel but I'm sure you can find much nicer rooms at motels. I will never stay there again. I could have spent nicer SF vacation if I didn't stay there.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Room Just back from San Francisco and i stayed at the the Cathedral Hill Hotel on Van Ness Avenue.The room that i was given was in dire need of refurbishment. The carpet and walls were stained/marked, the bathroom looked old and tired and the bed linen although clean was pretty old.I strongly urge you not to go to this hotel, but if you have already booked or go anyway make sure you do not get room 318 - it -----.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>:-) We stayed here in August 04 for 9 nights and were very impressed with the hotel and staff. This was our first trip to USA and we loved it so much we are going back to San Francisco next month although sadly not to Cathedral Hill. The breakfast menu catered for all tastes and my son especially liked the omelettes which was a first.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>diversitylady
<Content>Great swimming pool! We (2 adults and 3 children, 3,8,11) stayed at the Cathedral Hill Hotel in June. It matched our needs perfectly - we were looking for a Downtown location with a swimming pool and adjacent rooms at a reasonable price. Our rooms were fine, clean, not noisy and room service was good. The kids adored the outdoor heated pool - it's circular, as warm as a luke warm bath and goes from 3' to 8'. The shallow end is roped off. Hotel location is great - there are a few decent sandwich bars directly opposite the hotel where we bought snacks, breakfast and public transportation stops right outside the door. Hotel is great value given its location and facilities.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OHHHHHHHH NOOOOOOO Well, made a roundtrip and stayed in the La Quinta Inn directly on the other side of Van Ness street, it was really nice.Three weeks later we came back to SF and unfortunatly the La Quinta was book out, so we had to take the Cathedral Hill Hotel.First the front Office was really strange, after two wrong rooms they finally gave us a King-Bedroom, we'd requested at the beginning.The room smelled and the carpet was totally dirty. Bathroom..... don't even wanna think about it.I don't recommend this hotel, there are a bunch of others in San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing stay We have just returned from San Francisco and stayed at the Cathedral Hill for four nights. It needs renovating as the decor is quite old and the bathrooms need a facelift. Room ok otherwise, pretty basic and overlooking courtyard. The staff were very cool and not very helpful and when we asked if there was a room for one night extra all we got was a no. I also stayed at the Holiday Inn up the road and this was much better appointed and much friendlier staff. I would definitely stay at the Holiday Inn again. The Cathedral Hill is Ok if you want basic accommodation. The location is ok but it is quite a hike to get anywhere by foot. Not many good restaurants around either. And they also stop their room service early in the evening so order early!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Somewhat disappointed Stayed here 3 nights mid July. The place basically needs a face-lift, it looks a little worn around the edges. Our room wasn't properly prepared but this was rectified quickly. 3 of us were staying but there were only 2 towel sets left each day. Room was at the front of the hotel which was a little noisy. Beds were very comfortable. I dont think its the best location - especially if you have kids. Its about 6-7 blocks to Union Square and the neighborhoods you go through arent the greatest. Value for money its OK - but you get what you pay for. Staff are good.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would probably stay there again!   showReview(2347698, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I liked Cathedral Hill a few years ago.   showReview(2220906, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shelltee
<Content>Don't stay here if you like clean!   showReview(2208530, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Easy on the wallet   showReview(1925519, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you are on the budget, this is great!   showReview(1761671, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheatreTraveler
<Content>Get it renovated, and I'm there   showReview(1659493, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overated   showReview(1498902, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Central Location   showReview(1491540, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, wonderful service   showReview(1260320, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overated   showReview(1227947, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>syllea
<Content>Hotel moyen mais bien plac茅   showReview(23373002, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Conseils
<Content>Moyen   showReview(22060802, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>marco7782
<Content>Bon hotel bien situ茅 avec piscine       Entr茅e principale  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>NuAndAeM
<Content>Pourrait 锚tre mieux   showReview(20267013, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	5	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫亱銈夈伅閬犮亜銇屻€併偢銉ｃ儜銉炽偪銈︺兂銇繎銇勶紒   showReview(20752904, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel convenable   showReview(20549617, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel pour un groupe   showReview(20549616, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel correct   showReview(20549615, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(20549614, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>molto buono   showReview(19642576, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>On peut trouver mieux 脿 SF   showReview(19642570, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buona soluzione per brevi periodi   showReview(19642569, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Mittelklassehotel   showReview(19642568, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(19642571, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>unfreundliches Personal und altes lautes Hotel   showReview(19642566, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(19642565, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ort   showReview(19642567, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zweckm盲脽iges Hotel   showReview(18532489, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non vedo l ora di tornarci   showReview(18532488, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswertes Hotel   showReview(18532483, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>alles OK   showReview(16585295, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>classe et accessible   showReview(15565913, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles ok   showReview(13977700, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13977699, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schmutzig und heruntergelebt   showReview(11304154, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r junge Leute perfekt!!   showReview(11304153, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis-Leistung OK   showReview(11304152, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon rapporto prezzo - qualit脿   showReview(11662676, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrales Hotel, aber unfreundliches Personal   showReview(11304149, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien   showReview(11662675, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage nach Zentrum mit g眉nstigem parken   showReview(11662674, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kein Luxus, aber o.k.   showReview(11662673, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel mit sehr guter Ausgangslage   showReview(11662672, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>una buona sistemazione   showReview(11304155, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>UN buon rapporto qualit脿/prezzo   showReview(11440591, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preiswerte 脺bernachtungsm枚glichkeit in SF   showReview(11440590, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une bonne adresse   showReview(11440594, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas mal, sans plus   showReview(11491438, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien   showReview(11404579, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller   showReview(11404577, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres satisfait   showReview(11396432, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Choisir un autre hotel !   showReview(11396431, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y sommes retourn茅s en fin de s茅jour   showReview(11375024, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons volontiers   showReview(11360540, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(11360539, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅/prix - bien situ茅   showReview(11360537, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11346256, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht beeindruckt   showReview(11346255, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>chambre tres mal insonoris茅e des bruits exterieurs   showReview(11346254, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u de l'emplacement sinon rien 脿 dire.   showReview(11346253, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>posizione non eccezionale   showReview(11334672, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠曚簨銇?閫遍枔婊炲湪銇椼伨...   showReview(19922473, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儶銈广優銈广儧銉儑銉笺伀...   showReview(19915956, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

