<Author>Fos_HK
<Content>Very central Stayed at the Novotel Peace several times. It is a good 4 star hotel in the centre of Beijing opposite the Peninsula and close to Wangfujing shopping street. From the airport it will take you about 40min. The rooms are clean and spacious but the decor is a bit old fashioned. If you book one of the Premiere rooms you get access to the lounge. Breakfast is great and offers a big selection of Asian and European dishes. In the lobby there are two computers and guests have free access to the internet.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>bonjour
<Content>Great Location, Needs Better Maintenance As mentioned in previous reviews, the location of this hotel cannot be beat. Easy walk to Forbidden City, shopping, restaurants, etc. But the rooms, or at least the room we had, which was booked as an upgraded room (do not recall the exact term, but a higher price than their standard room) was sadly in need of care. The room was large, the bathroom was very large, the bed was comfortable, but the carpeting was worn, the draperies were dangling off the hooks, the TV was old and got poor reception, the bathroom shower curtain was stained, the marble in the bathroom had mildew stains, the towels were small and thin. In sum, the room was shabby, and gave off an atmosphere of poor maintanence. With just a bit of work the place could be brought up in standard and to us, this speaks of poor management (how difficult can it be to put the draperies back on the hooks? to replace a shower curtain? to scrub the mildew off the bathtub caulking?) Too bad, because the hotel is so well located and has such potential, but we would not book there again unless assured that the rooms had been refurbished.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>EllaQueensland
<Content>Loved the Novotel Peace Beijing We have just spent 5 days at the Novotel Peace and it was excellent, my son stayed free as he is only 15, I had read good and bad reviews but decided to stay there, the buffet breakfast was the best we have ever had, even better than the Sofitel in Xian, freshly made crepes while you wait, I had been advised to upgrade to an executive suite which we did, we had a 2 room suite with 2 tvs, my son had a rollaway bed in the other room, the only fault I could find was the bed was a bit hard, this was the only hotel we came across with free internet in the lobby, 2 large apple macs, it was great. The service was excellent, Stephen was our porter when we arrived, he speaks good english and wrote down some names for me in chinese for the taxis. we loved the Novotel Peace and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone, it was even better than the Novotel in Shanghai.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DrMo
<Content>give the executive floor a go Somehow - I'm still not sure how- we ended up on the executive floor of the hotel for 5 nights during the olympics. We really enjoyed the perks of this. Private check in. You have an enormous room - although strangly a very tiny bathroom with a leaky shower screen. You have your own floor to take a bespoke breakfast with fantastic views across the city and in the same place every night between 6 - 8 they hold happy hour which is free unlimited drinks and food - very civilised. The room service is a fair price (although the food can be a bit tepid) but the buffet restaurant in my opinion is hugely overpriced. In the location you are you are right in the thick of the city so there are plenty of places to eat and right on top of the shopping centres. Nice hotel.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>churlz
<Content>Found Peace at the Novotel Peace Beijing       Novotel's grand staircase @ the lobby  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hols01
<Content>Nice Hotel in a good location The hotel is really central so location is brilliant to access the malls, forbidden city etc. Whilst there we went to the Badling section of the great wall, we hired a private taxi to do this as they wait for you. This cost us about 拢50 for the day, on the way we also got the chance to stop by the olympic stadium as the paralympics were on. The zoo is about 15 mins away from the hotel and costs about 拢2 to get in, was good to go and see the pandas. Didnt think much of the food both in the hotel and outside really but thats mainly because the food is so different to our idea of chinese food but if you are adventurous with what you eat then you wont be short of somewhere to go !! If we ever went again I would stay at this hotel, rooms were fine, clean and had everything we needed.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aussieinchina43
<Content>doesnt quite live up to 4 star rating stayed at this hotel from agent recomendation, and it doesnt quite live up to a 4 star reputation. I only had a superior room booked, so didnt expect too much, but when checking in to my room i have to say it was very dissapointing. the room just could fit a double bed, not much more, and it was dark, dank, old.i asked to change rooms, and to their credit swapped me into a twin room, bigger, even with two double beds. it had a couch, great view from 15 th floor, and was clean. about what i would expect from a 4 star hotel.breakfast was included , and for the 6 days of my stay, we ate brakfast everymorining at hotel, which is a buffet style, and is one of the best i have seen. lots of choice, all hot, fresh.hotel is in wanfujing area, and is very close to everything. you can walk to forbidden city, its close to 3 different metro stations, and is very well located. hotel has a currency exchange desk, and concierge were helpful at all times... they have their own security who were abit overbearing most of the time, stopping us 3 nighs out of 6, when coming back to hotel late at night. to check if we had a room for 2 people .. other wise a very nice place to stay, but i think 3.5 star at best  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>SW19Traveller
<Content>Modern hotel in great location... with a few mishaps We decided to book this hotel based on the Novotel name (consistent, mid-range quality) and location (convenient for the main attractions) and overall we were not disappointed. It was modern, felt safe, seemed well-maintained and was clean. The room was spacious and well-appointed and the staff (all of whom spoke excellent English) were very helpful.I would recommend the place subject to certain caveats:Hard bed. Our bed was mind-bogglingly hard. I personally don't have a problem with that, but it drove my wife nuts and she hardly slept the whole time we were there. Something to bear in mind.The food. The restaurant tries to do a bit of everything, food court-style, and doesn't really manage it at all.Great Wall trip. The concierge organised a car and driver to take us to the Great Wall. On a previous trip, I had just hired a taxi for the same quite inexpensively, but this time, I was lured into it by the apparent ease of the arrangement. Wrong wrong wrong. The trip was organised round the driver's schedule rather than ours and involved in addition to the Great Wall and Summer Palace that we wanted to see, several stops at jade factories and the like run by his mates that we did not want to see. The first place we played along with, but he was not amused that we did not want lunch at his friend's restaurant (we broke sandwiches) and distinctly unimpressed when he did not get a kickback from the second factory since we didn't buy anything. We were rewarded with the most dreadful driving you can imagine... we're talking narrow hilside roads, on the wrong side and when he took the key out of the ignition when we were moving to start messing with his phone... at 50mph... I had to make him stop. Not a pleasant experience, but at least the arrangement was only cash on safe arrival back at the hotel.Why do I relate this story? Well I do hold the hotel responsible for recommending this lunatic and his downright dangerous driving and interest only in commission from the unwanted stops is something that reflects badly on the hotel.The surroundings. The area in which the hotel is located has been massively re-developed in recent years and whilst it is indeed a convenient walk to Tiananmen Square for example (around 15 minutes), the surroundings lack any charm and whilst I personally didn't mind this, if you are looking for an authentic Chinese experience, you may be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	2	2	4	

<Author>Ozzie22
<Content>Good mid-range hotel - food terrible Spent four nights at this hotel. Good location for shopping and within half an hour walking distance to the Forbidden City. There were a lot of staff but they were not overly helpful. Tried the coffee shop twice for quick meals but the food was disappointing both Chinese and Western - bland and tasteless - cheaper and better quality to be found outside. Only two English language TV channels. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Overall, a typical Novotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>allhockey66
<Content>Great hotel Spent three nights at Novotel Peace Beijing, July4-7, 2008. Hotel lobby very nice and clean, front desk very helpful. Currency exchange available, also have business center. Concierge, very helpful with restaurants, tours to Great Wall and other sights. You must try Peking duck, out of this world. Rooms very clean and spacious, although carpeting and bathroom fixtures need updating. The biggest advantage for this hotel, location, location, location. Two blocks to Beijing's #1 shopping street, Wangfujing. 10 minute walk to the Forbidden City. Pearl Market and Yashow Market, short cab ride away (20 RMB). Bring extra luggage, you will need it for all your shopping. Enjoy...  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarryOnTraveler
<Content>Good choice in central Beijing The Novotel Peace Beijing is a nice, mid-range hotel that is reasonably priced and in a good location. The main restaurant offers an excellent buffet-style meals offering both Western and Chinese dishes, and a lot of cook-to-order items. The rooms a bit dated but are, for the most part, reasonably spacious (some rooms in the newer wing are smaller). One problem in the springtime is the hotel's air conditioning is not yet on and the rooms can be stuffy since the windows don't open (except in the newer wing).The lobby is attractive and offers free wireless internet access (internet access in the rooms is available for a daily fee).Serivce was friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>enzoweb
<Content>Novotel Peace Beijing, Wangfujing district Recently stayed at the Novotel in Beijing, found it to be very good. Very clean, staff spoke excellent English (and French) and were very helpful. The location is almost perfect - right next to the Wanfujing Station for easy access, plus a 10 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. It's also just across the road from a couple of shopping centers as well as many restaurants - we had Peking Duck 3 times! There's also a MacDonalds, Pizza Hut, KFC, Starbucks and a Haagen Daas if you need Western Food.There is free wireless access in the lobby, plus 2 Apple Macs were set up for free internet access as well.We stayed in a King size room which had a flat-screen TV, although with only 3 English channels. Room was large, comfortable, very clean. Shower pressure was good (I mention this because I've lost count of the showers that dribble in hotel rooms). We had a room at the back of the hotel and it was very quiet.We didn't eat in the hotel because there were plenty of places just over the road.Highly recommended, though expensive.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TinaJapan
<Content>nice place We stayed there for 3 nights. The hotel has a great location, perfect breakfast, good clean room. The service could be better but it's not a 5-stars hotel, right? Be honest, I don't have complains: I had a good time.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	2	3	

<Author>LondonFlybynight
<Content>The Ideal Place to Stay in Beijing I have to agree with all the positive comments in the previous reviews, this hotel is ideally located, is to a good standard and is reasonably priced (we were in one of the premier rooms)The concierge desk were helpful in arranging our day trip to the Great Wall, the Summer Palace and a quick look at the Olympic Stadium. They arranged for a driver to take us and stay at each location until we had finished and all for 600 Yuan (just under 拢50) which we paid upon return to the hotel. They also gave us some good advice about using taxi's ie how to say turn the meter on and suggested we make a note of the registration number so a complaint could be made if we felt that we had been overcharged. They also have cards with the hotel name in chinese which are useful to show taxi drivers when trying to return at the end of a long day.The breakfast was great with so much choice (including delicious cooked to order pancakes) although we felt that the buffett dinner was perhaps not quite up to the same standard and a little on the pricey side when compared to outside (but still only 拢60 for three of us). If you want good chinese food (confirmed by the number of locals eating there) then the Xiu Lan is excellent with the average dish costing less than 拢4 and the portions are generous, beer only 拢1 a 600ml bottle. The service was excellent and a couple of the waiters spoke a little english (out of the hotel, turn left and it is approx 100m on the left)If you are planning to go to Beijing I would recommend this hotel as an ideal base. As we were leaving they were just erecting some covering above the main entrance, we did receive a note on our last day saying that the windows are all about to be cleaned, so don't let this put you off.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>webby252
<Content>Does the job Stayed for a few nights in this hotel and overall it was decent enough. Booked a double room and there were none available so we were upgraded to a suite which was appreciated. The room was spacious and unfortunately a little grubby in places but not bad. Bed was hard but I had no issues sleeping on it. The actual d茅cor was a little 1970s; brown colour scheme (not in a classy way either) with cheap upholstery.Breakfast was buffet style and pretty good.The location was fine with a ready supply of metered taxis driving past that you could flag down. Get the hotel to write on a piece of paper where you want to go and the hotels name as well so you can get back!Booked my holiday as a package and had two days pre-booked sightseeing with a guide and driver. They were ok but we got dragged to the usual shops/factories and fed pretty poor food. For the last two days I got in touch with Sophia ([--]) an independent guide. She charges about 拢30 per day and is well worth it. She鈥檒l take you to see what you want, take you to proper Chinese restaurants and not drag you round shops or factories. If I had one piece of advice for tourists going to Beijing it would be drop the travel agent. Book your flights and hotel. Get a taxi from the airport (really easy, safe and cheap) and book an independent guide. You鈥檒l get so much more out of your holiday.Other than the usual tourist stuff we also visited Chuandixia village. From what I read on the internet I thought I was going to a real Chinese village off the beaten track. After a 2.5 hour drive I got to a village where farming has given way to tourism. Its pretty and the buildings are original but it鈥檚 all catered towards tourists and really not worth the drive. I would also recommend Beihai park. Much much quieter than the forbidden city and in my opinion more interesting.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>flyingbat
<Content>An average hotel with a nice lobby We picked this hotel because it was close to the Wangfujing area (walk takes 10 minutes). We stayed here in April 2007. Right behind was a Hutong-like area, but it did not catered for the tourists. Around the hotel, there were places where you could buy food and provisions, and some restaurants. We saw interesting things, like a man setting up a business by the side of the road which repairs bicycles. The hotel has a very nice marbled lobby, and it was quite busy when we were there. Check-in was efficient, but when we were assigned our room, we asked if it was a non-smoking room. It was not, and it took a while to change it to a non-smoking one. Our room was OK, but light on furnishings and decor. There was one problem with the sheets, which were soiled and not washed properly. Service was as you would expect of a Novotel hotel - good. Apart from the lobby, the corridors were narrow and looked tired. Breakfast was not included with out room and was pricey for our budget, so we got ourselves fresh baked breads from a shop round the corner. We asked the porter where could we go to sample the famous Beijing duck, and he directed us to a famous restaurant chain in Beijing. We had the duck there, and it was pricey by Beijing standards. Not surprisingly, it catered for the tourists. On our last day, we found a restaurant right next to the hotel which served Beijing duck for half the price. All in all, we had a good stay at the Novotel Peace, but there were arguably better choices around.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lincolnandmills
<Content>Great base for seeing Bejing Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights whilst on honeymoon in Sept'07. Our room was clean and comfy and our en-suite had a great walkin shower, which was welcomed after a hot summers day exploring the city.Lots of choice for breakfast (waffles, fruit, bacon, egg fried rice). Hotel staff very helpful and they arranged taxi's for us to make day trips easier. Good location for exploring the city itself - only a 10 minute walk from Wanfujing Street (modern shopping street). We even walked back from Tiananmen Square one day - but if you're going to do that make sure you're wearing comfy shoes!The hotel has a nice bar to unwind in of an evening - they'd often have a pianist playing - and much to my husband's delight they had their own internet cafe as well.We'd recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a good base from which to see Bejing.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jseo2
<Content>Terrible service and management I stayed this hotel for my marriage anniversary trip this month. My experience was terrible though I am not sure if I was just unfortunate or the hotel's service is problematic. My room was executive room that has nice plasma TV and free access to executive lounge for breakfast and early evening snack/drink. Breakfast and snack/drink are both terrific. Further, executive room guest has two options for breakfast, either 1st floor main restaurant or 19th floor lounge. Anyone staying over three nights, having two options make breakfast experience much more enjoyable. The hotel has a terrific location too. Very easy access to Wangfujing, Tiananmen, Lama Temple and Temple of Heaven(through newly opened subway #5). Throughout Dongdan and Dongsi street (less than a quarter mile east from the hotel), travelers can find many interesting small, independent artistic shops for ethnic cloths, bags etc. Hotel facilities are somewhat outdated but acceptable. You can see that the hotel tries very hard to keep up with new facilities. Executive rooms are recently updated and have many comfortable features. Nevertheless, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone for following reasons (in order of minor to major problems).1. If you arrive, you will receive a letter that indicate variety of executive room previliges, including newspaper every morning. Strangely, they never deliver newspaper to rooms on the 18th floor. I had to complain to recieve it. 2. Do not use hotel's tour service. I went to the Great Wall and Ming Tombs through their service. A group of 6 left 30 mins after the promised departure time. After about 40mins visit to the Ming Tombs, the bus stopped by two shops wasting more than two hours. Then, we went to lunch to have the worst Chinese food in my life. Due to earlier forced visit to shops, our lunch time was less than 25 mins. Then, it went to the Great Wall. The guide gave us less than one and half hour. After busy picture taking, the bus visited another shop! - this time, a ridiculously overpriced tea shop in the middle of nowhere. When the group finished the shopping obiligations, Beijing was already full of traffic jam. The guide and driver asked me and my wife to take taxi to go back since others' hotel are located in different direction. It was gruesome even though the tour guide found a taxi and paid in advance for our return trip. From 8 am to 6:30 pm, actual cultural experiences at Ming Tombs and the Great Wall lasted less than two and half hours. Considering re-direction and others, forced shopping at three different shops costed us about four hours. For this terrible service, they charged 350 RMB p/p. For some cheap group tour (usually 150-200 RMB) to Great Wall, my experience may not be unacceptable. Nevertheless, for the price offered by the hotel, this is simply unaccetable/disgusting/ horrible experience. I strongly complained the hotel manager and offered two tickets for Peking Opera next night. The only reason I did not complain further and accepted their offer was because my wife did not want to see any disturbance during the trip. 3. The bathroom had two problems. Water drain in the shower booth did not work well sometimes (but not always). I guess it tends to flood when other rooms are using shower booth together. I sometimes had to stop the warter until it drains. Glass wall of the show booth was not fully water proof. After shower, the whole bathroom floor was wet. I complained these problems a couple of times. For the first problem, I got the answer that they could not find any problem. I suggested my theory - drain problem occurs when many rooms are using shower booth at the same time. Then, they said, we cannot control other rooms' use of shower booth. Quite compelling explanation! They never attended my second problem until I leave. 4. I booked this hotel because I believed that this hotel is eqipped with bidet (many websites listed it including expedia; someone here also mentioned it). I needed it because of medical reasons. Hence, I cancelled my original reservation at Park Plaza and booked this hotel though this hotel was about 50$/per night more expensive. I could not see a bidet in the bathroom. I went to the executive reception desk. They did not know what bidet is. After a few phone calls, the attendant explained that the hotel used to have it but not anymore. I though I was just unlucky. Two days before I leave, I went to meet an assistant manager to complain three problems I mentioned above here. At the end of the discussion, I briefly mentioned about my disappointment about unavailability of bidet in the room. The manager was surprised. He said, actually some rooms have it. I was dismayed. If some rooms have it, why they did not offer an option when I checked in? I was really furious and protested seriously then. Next morning, I met a guestroom manager to protest about this. He apologized and offered a new room. I did not take it as I did not want to pack up and move for just one night (we had some baggage). He instead offered 10% discount. That was meager considering all my troubles. But I just accepted it. My stay could have been happy-ended if my next experience did not happen (# 5)5. When I checked out, the executive floor manager said that we are giving you 10% discount because of your troubles with water drain and newspaper delivery. I replied that no, I did not receive discount because of newspaper and drain. That is because of bidet. The manager said, what is bidet? I was entirely lost. It seems people in this hotel is not communicating each other. I guess that is the source of all troubles in this hotel. Did I have to explain all over again why I was unhappy? The room rate was slightly over $200 after generous discount. I found that this hotel has a serious problem in terms of communication and management. It seems the hotel is mainly for group tourists and Air France employees anyway. It is not for an individual traveler for sure.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	4	1	3	4	

<Author>josiec
<Content>Nice Stay Perfectly good hotel. Handy for Forbidden City and Tiananmen SQ. We were in a premier room and it was excellent with plasma screen HUGE bed and nice robes etc. No problems. The breakfasts were good and the breakfast room was the restaurant at night. It was lacking in atmosphere at night so we went to Le Cabernet which was the French restaurant attached to the hotel and just outside to the right. Nice young French manager there and great food at a better price than the hotel restaurant. One tip if you want to go to the Great wall and the summer palace don't book a coach trip Have a word with the concierges who were really good. We had a taxi for 600 Yuan (about 拢40) for the day and he took us to the wall which was 1-2 hours drive away-the Mutianyu part which is less touristy than Badaling- waited while we did it all then drove us to the summer palace and again waited till we were fifnished and we paid at the hotel when we arrived back. He even took us to the Bird's nest Olympic stadium. Great experience all round.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ndl001
<Content>Great Hotel and Location       View from the 19th floor.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MattCEdinburgh
<Content>A Good Hotel Chose this Hotel following reviews on this Website, was staying for a few days on a stopover from London to Sydney.I went for the Executive Suite, yet again following advice from this website. The room was great, two LCD TVs, King Size bed, Air Con the works, couldn't fault it in anyway.I used the Exec Lounge for the inc Breakfast and Evening Buffet and this was good. The only fault I would say, as with any buffet, is that if you go at the wrong time the food could be a little on the cold side.I used the concierge service downstairs to sort out a couple of days trips, they were exceptionally helpful. I think it was around 拢45 for a very nice car and driver for the day. If you can I would recommend getting Mr Kong, his english was excellent and he took me to a very nice authentic chinese for lunch.I used the 24 hr Restaurant as I was leaving, it was nice but not really my thing. I would recommend staying here as it was all very good. It probably lacked a little atmosphere and was very formal but if that's your thing, well fair enough.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>tigerpaws
<Content>new renovation After staying at this hotel last year I decided to book this hotel again but on the executive leve. I was not disappointed. I checked in on the 19th floor and was given a room on the 16th floor with great views. Breakfast on the executive level was very nice with plenty of food and custom ordered breakfast. Plenty of coffee, juices, fruit, pastries and chinese fare as well were available. The room was very nice with all new bathroom with rain shower and nicely appointed. Everything looks ready for the Olympics and the staff was great. I highly recommend this hotel for its location and helpful staff.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ThePrivateer
<Content>Great value and Location We booked our stay through the Accor centralized hotline, very convenient. We found our stay a pleasant one, and excellent value for money. Location is top notch, a stone鈥檚 throw from Wangfujing and with many taxis in the area. Certainly a better choice for tourists than the overpriced Penninsula across the road.We were upgraded, and the room (newly renovated West Wing) was excellent, very large with a separate living room/TV area, small bathroom, and adjoining big bedroom space. No lack of space, except perhaps in the cramped bathroom (no tub, only shower). The room was clean and comfortable, and probably worth more than the price paid. Breakfast was a good spread of Continental, American and some (awful) Asian dishes. The Crepe/waffle station was a highlight.Service was moderately displeasing, but not immensely so. Although we booked a twin/double room, clearly stated on our reservation, reception insisted that only b鈥檉ast for one was included, the other being chargeable (which we disputed, and eventually won). Apart from that and a few other service hiccups, some staff were great, especially the taxi/bell boy and luggage service.Overall a recommended choice for value-conscious travelers.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>heiranig
<Content>Good hotel, good location, good value We loved:- the central location in Wangfujing: short walk from Forbidden City, night market, great shopping etc...- wonderful buffet breakfast with a French flair eg crepes and delicious croissants among many other stuff.- comfortable rooms, friendly staff- cheap for what you get and in comparison with similar neighboring hotels  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>charlier0204
<Content>Great hotel for a great price My stay at the Novotel Peace was great. The room was very comfortable and had a great view of Beijing. The staff were first class! Their English was great and they always willing to help. The Hotel was very clean and well maintained. The buffet breakfast was very nice and always looked fresh. The bar was also very nice with great views outside. Overall a very good hotel and when i return to Beijing in Feb 08 i will stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MarieMalmo
<Content>Good location Travelling in business I stayed four nights at this hotel. It has a good location close to Wanfujin St and within 20 min walking distance to the Tianamen/Forbidden city entrance. I got a good reception and was able to check in early (10 in the morning). My room was at the second floor and had an immaculately clean bathroom. In spite of having signs warning for the noise disturbances due to the reconstruction of the hotel nothing was heard. The view could had been more exciting but the service offered with the early check in was worth not seeing the Tianamen sq. The concierge desk was very helpful with practicalities as maps, shopping info, directions etc.The breakfast was very good and offered av variety of things.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Wopwop
<Content>Regular guests       Novotel suite 1  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>BenL1
<Content>Great stay in the Centre of Beijing We wanted something in the centre of Beijing and this fitted the bill perfectly; it was a few hundred meters from the night market and the main shopping pedestrian area- this may not sound much but Beijing isnt the easiest city to walk around so having places to walk to in the evening was great. Room was quite small but nicely (and newly) fitted out and facilites were good-pool, small gym etc. Breakfast buffet was great as well. Staff were v friendly and concierge came up with great restaurant recs nearby.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sidneyxx
<Content>A Good Base As we booked our stay through a travel agent not sure what we paid. It was called at Superior Room (Room 2202) but was very much like what we would have expected for a Standard Room (maybe they call standard rooms superior there - and then you go up to deluxe, etc) Anyway, couldn't actually fault the room. It was comfortable and clean with a good bathroom. But as it was called Superior I was disappointed at the size - not even a table and chair - and certainly no outlook. However, the Hotel itself was otherwise faultless. Right from the time we checked in all staff were most obliging - with the Conceirge staff being outstanding. As we were determined to do everything ourselves and not join any tourist groups or take on a guide, without the help of the Conceirge staff we maybe wouldn't have managed so well.As an example, we wanted to go to the Great Wall somewhere where the hoards of tourists don't go to. They arranged for a car to take us to Simatai, and our climb on the Wall there was about the highlight of our whole stay in China. Only cost 800 Yuan for a full day.The location of the hotel is spot on. We walked to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City, and the adjoining two gardens. Good shopping, small restaurants, the night food markets, etc. are all nearby. To go further afield, taxis are ever so cheap. The Hotel provides a card with their own name and location written in Chinese, and overleaf the names and locations of about 15 sites also in Chinese and English. Invaluable when you are out and about by yourself. The Hotel also provides a good map. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble for them.Breakfast was excellent. It took ages for the hot water to come through (sometimes 5 minutes). When it did come it was perfect. However the Hotel must have the most enormously excessive water usage because of this.Would definitely recommend this Hotel and stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kkua
<Content>Very centralized hotel       Standard room  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Aruwen
<Content>Fantastic Hotel with Excellent Service As I lone woman traveller I read many reviews of hotels in China before choosing this one. I was so pleasantly surprised by the hotel, and would highly recommend it. I was there for 4 nights, my room looked out onto the front of the hotel, I was able to open the window, and even though there was building work going on next door, the hotel advised me of this in a note left in the room. The room was clean, quite spacious, the bathroom was amazing with a huge shower and the room was always cleaned and replenished daily. English was spoken by a lot of the staff, I used the business centre twice daily and never had any problems. Breakfast was excellent, and because the hotel is used by Air France crew breakfast included French crepes. I was able to sit in the bar in the evening writing my diary and was made to feel welcome and the bar staff were extremely attentive. One evening I ate in the French restaurant attached to the hotel, and the food and service were second to none. The location of the hotel was my main reason for choosing it, walking to the Forbidden City takes about half an hour down Wangfujuing Street, the Night Market is just along from the hotel for an experience you have to see, taxis were readily available for further travel, I met with a friend in China and the hotel rang my friend for me and gained directions for the taxi driver. I would hearily recommend this hotel to others, the carpet in the corridor to my hotel was stained, but otherwise it was extremely clean, friendly, and welcoming.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alex_Jei
<Content>Good value for money Novotel PeaceSpend 8 nights and Novotel Peace and can recommend it. Rooms are might appear a bit tired, but they are spacious, with sofa and table, toiletry articles sufficient and re-supplied daily. 2 complimetary water bottles, a/c worked well, and we could even open the window. Nice little sitting area created through couch, armchair and coffee table where we could sit in the evening. TV unfortunately offered only small selection of English channels (BBC and a Chinese channel featuring some English programs), no German channel. Bathroom appeared to be very clean and was quite spacious (separate room for shower and loo and bidet 鈥?quite practical actually!). Shower head was at a high enough position for European heights, but could unfortunately not be removed. No noise from outside in the morning.  The location is terrific, close (walking distance) to Metro, many huge shopping centers as well as Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. There are also some restaurants further up and down from the hotel (try Qunjude Roast Duck restaurant on 9 Shuaifuyuan Hutong, [--]鈥?in small hutong next to Shopping Centre Oriental Plaza and ca. 5 min. walk from hotel). Finding a restaurant further away can turn out to be problematic, since taxi drivers do not speak English and unless you have the address of where you want to go written out in Chinese, I would not recommend attempting to communicate with the taxi driver (at least once a day one taxi driver drove us around and around the hotel, refusing to listen to what we were telling him and although he had the address 鈥?also, beware, drivers tended to approach a location that was basically in a straight line from the hotel by circling around town 鈥? luckily, taxis are still cheap). Hotel also has French restaurant next door that serves food till a little before 11 pm 鈥?pizzas were delicious and large enough for 2 people to share. With a taxi it is about 10 min. with taxi to Silk Market (if there is no traffic jam 鈥?) and costs somewhere between 1.5-2.5 Euro (depending on traffic. Pearl Market is about 2-3 Euros. When leaving these markets, avoid leaving when shops close as finding a taxi is very hard. And only use taxis with meters and beware of drivers that want to charge 20 or 30 Euro for the drive!What we enjoyed at the hotel was that the swimming pool (even if only indoor, not deep and not very beautifully decorated) stayed open until 10 pm, which made it possible to go sightseeing, shopping and out to dinner and enjoy the evening swim. Also nice that hotel provided Jacuzzi and sauna and gym (free of charge). What we disliked was that some women were swimming in their clothes and no one really cared when we reported that. In any case, the existence of the late pool must be ideal for familiesBreakfast was good, except coffee. Sadly, Chinese dishes did not state whether they were suitable for vegetarians and staff did not speak English)). Nice touch 鈥?weekends it remained open longer. The restaurant where breakfast is served was big and sunny. Also, there was a smoking section, so that should make smokers happy.Staff was very polite, and while only few people could really speak English, all efforts were made to come to understand us.Recommend this hotel to both young and older people, business travelers, families etc. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>Henrythefish
<Content>Loved the Novotel Peace We stayed 4 nights and thought our accommodation was top class.Because Beijing prices are low compared with our home town (London, UK) we felt able to splash out on the top of the range accommodation. The top few floors are called executive and they have their own breakfast floor (with great views, 19th floor: you can see the roofs of the Forbidden City). From 6 to 8 every evening they have a Happy Hour in which you get free food and wine (mostly European food).So while we had a great time there, I must emphasise that we were in the best accommodation the hotel had to offer. There was even free internet connection (I didn't even get that in the Novotel in high tech Singapore). We had a suite, of two large rooms plus large bathroom . Everything worked fine. 18th floor and great views (not much to see, given the pollution, but that's something else...). The bed was extremely large...and extremely hard. I can imagine that bothering some people. We really enjoyed having such a firm mattress so we didn't mind.We had one evening meal at the hotel restaurant on the ground floor. The food is mostly Western and quite poor quality. There's a decent souvenir shop available too.I chose the hotel for its location. It's in walking distance of the Forbidden City. It's further to Tianeman Sq but certainly doable. We took a cab to the Temple of Heaven, as that's a bit further off. Taxis come by the hotel the whole time and are very cheap.The hotel is right by Wangfujing which is a busy pedestrianised shopping street. Very popular on Saturday night! Also close by is a food market street. I walked through the market which was thronged with Chinese early on Saturday evening. Some hideous looking foods for sale...from a Western perspective, that is. They didn't mind me taking photos.Unfortunately, there are prostitutes hanging out near the hotel. Also, Westerners are constantly being approached by young people claiming to be students, always asking how are you? Where you from? and telling you they want to practise their English. Only one pair admitted that they really were trying to coax me into going into an art gallery. It gets to be very annoying.I had decided against booking guided tours from abroad and I'm sure that saved a lot of money. We booked tours from the hotel. We went with another couple with a guide and driver to the Ming Tombs (where we remembered to ask them to take us to the Spirit Way which has the most amazing statues) and Great Wall. For a whole day's travelling it was, for us, extremely cheap. Also, we went on the Hutong Tour which takes you round living quarters of old Beijing. Excellent.A quick tip about the Forbidden City. Go to the main entrance, and when approached by an English speaking guide, ask to see their badge. Then book them for your personal tour. It's cheap and we had excellent service with the first person to appoach us. No need to book a formal guided tour with loads of people.And go to the Temple of Heaven park on Saturday morning and see the people doing tai chi and groups singing revolutionary songs together.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jtriunfowoo
<Content>No good This is another bad Novotel hotel. Stayed in one in Paris (Novotel Eiffel) - we should have known better. Supposedly 4 stars...what a stretch. Service is so-so. Its only saving grace is the western/asian breakfast.Bathroom was moldy - room 1306. While true that others in our group were upgraded, we were not. I am guessing that was done selectively. I will not elaborate further.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	3	

<Author>lotsoftravels
<Content>Good deal, I would return I stayed at this hotel in March 2007, and found it perfect for my needs.When we first arrived we were placed in a smoking room (being from Australia I forgot that you can smoke in some hotel rooms overseas), we however asked to change to a non-smoking room and had no problems.The buffet breakfast each morning was excellent - plenty of variety and the food was fresh.The staff were quite clueless, but from my experience this quite normal in China. Don't expect them to be able to answer your queries should they deviate from the obvious, and be reminded that most of them do not speak english.The rooms were very clean and were serviced daily.We only had one problem and that was with an international phonecard, that we bought from a shop outside the hotel, to call home. The phonecard did not work on the hotel phones (the staff could not explain why and seemed surprised that it didn't work). International phonecards do not work on public phones either (they only take domestic phonecards). This resulted in us having a $50AUD phonecard that we could not use and could not return. The hotel assured us that this problem has not occured before.I suggest that if you buy a phonecard to call back home (which is much cheaper than using the hotel's rates) that you buy it from the shop in the hotel, and get them to assure you that you can return it should it not work.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>transplantnewyorker
<Content>My wonderful stay at the Novotal Peace Beijing This is a very tourist friendly hotel in an excellent location (walking distance to the Forbidden City). The staff is very competent (a hotel guest could not ask for better service than that provided by this hotel's staff), the deluxe room I stayed in was perfect. The tourist information in the lobby is also very helpful. I will definitely stay at this spectacular hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aisheretoday
<Content>Great rooms and location, shoddy service The Novotel Peace was our first stop on a two-weeklong trip to China. The hotel has a very impressive lobby and spacious rooms. All areas in the hotel were clean and maintained, which was a relief to come back after a smoggy day in Beijing. There was much variety available at the breakfast buffet, though this it was rather overpriced. However, service is another story. The bellboy had his own agenda and tried on several occasions to persuade us to order an all-day touring taxi through him. The Business Center attendant seemed to hate her job and will make this very obvious to you on each visit. The tour to the Great Wall (Mutianyu) arranged through the hotel was small and the site did not disappoint. However, the guide babbled in the beginning and was stone-silent when we reached the site and afterwards. If you would like an informative guide, do not book tours through the Novotel Peace.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>limelight_orange
<Content>Not Recommended Stayed there for four days. Lots of problems for us. Check-in was easy and they gave us the room we requested: inter-connecting rooms and rooms with windows (after reading the reviews here!). However, upon arriving at the rooms, we found the rooms dirty and outdated. Having stayed here 4 years before when they were undergoing renovation, we wondered why the rooms are still so old. We were given one big corner room (might be the suite) and one standard room. Beds are hard. Air-con on the suite room seem to be not working at all which is a problem for hot summer days! Breakfast was a real chaos; we booked via the official site and they stated that children under 16 do not pay for breakfast. However, when we got to the breakfast restaurant, they told us that the children had to pay! The people who work there could not speak english and kept on insisting that children don't pay half price which we don't even say at all. At last we had to go back to our rooms and fetch the booking statement that we printed. The waitress then ask us to go to the receptionist! We had a row first at the receptionist, because after he saw our statement, he told us that breakfast are free if we had ordered the breakfast first from the internet. It was SO ridiculous, seeing that we had stayed at various Novotels and didn't encounter this problem. Finally when we finally had our tempers real on, he gave up and we only had to pay for the adults. By the time we got there we found that the breakfast wasn't so special at all.Overall our stay wasn't pleasing at all -- not with the hot weather with useless aircons, and our outdated room. What makes it worse is that on the day we left, we realized that there are some rooms which is already updated with modern plasma TV and stuffs.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	1	3	

<Author>meigle21
<Content>Excellent, cheap and central We thought this was a really lovely hotel. Very central, cheap, clean and comfortable. We stayed here from 3 June 07 for 4 nights.  We contacted the hotel in advance to ask for early entry to our room, which was not a problem. The staff were polite, spoke good English and helpfull. The lobby is very nice and rooms very clean.  The one thing I would comment on, is the lift is at the other side of the building, however, the bell service bring your cases so you don't need to carry them! Oh and when you first sit on the bed, it feels like a solid rock, however, we found it surprisingly comfy! The breakfasts were a bit of a hit or a miss. There was a really good selection, but I found most mornings it was cold. There were freshly made omlettes, and pancakes, however, the pancakes had usually been sitting for a while.  There was a swimming pool, however, we didn't even see it, let alone use it, so I can't comment on that. I would definately stay here again, it was a 2 min walk to the central shopping street, 5 min walk to the nearest tube  15 min walk to Forbidden City.   
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>AustraliaBradpitt
<Content>A rather bland hotel We stayed at the Novotel Peace Hotel for 3nights in Apr07. The hotel lobby is probably the best feature of the entire hotel. We requested for a non-smoking floor on our on-line reservations but was given a smoking room. When we asked to have a non-smoking room, we weret told that we will have to wait for at least another 2hrs. As we have young children with us,age 69 yrs old and having came in an overnight flight we decided to take the room. The room is spartan with a small window overlooking the delivery trucks coming to the hotel. The white linen on the sofabed had brown stains on them which one can only guess what it is! However, ouse keeping did come to change the sheets promptly. The hotel is about 12minutes walk to Wangfujing. Food at the restaurant is so so. Will we stay in this hotel again ? Most unlikely.Janet from Australia  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	2	2	2	

<Author>sndovale
<Content>Good value and location Our first hotel in China. We had a nice suite at a reasonable price. Located centrally near the Snack street, Forbidden City and just off Wangfujing. A short taxi ride to most sites that are too far away for walking.Helpfull staff and a great buffet, although a little pricey. Since we were not sure about what/where to eat the first few day we ate a hugh breakfast here and took an apple and banana with us for lunch.Our last day, they stored our luggage all day at no cost ontil we returned to pick it up.All in all a nice place.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>kfer
<Content>No windows! Location was good, very central. Room was awful. First room didn't have a window, we moved to a room with a blank brick wall 30cm away from the window, then moved to another room but the toilet was permanently blocked. Toilets in the lobby were also blocked, obviously a problem with the plumbing. Bed was typical Chinese - hard as a rock. I am sure there are better options in Beijing.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ozallan
<Content>Great location For a four star hotel this is good value and in a great location opposite the far more expensive Peninsular. It is a walk, but quite a long walk, to the Forbidden City (take a cab)The rooms are quite comfortable. I was fortunate to be upgrade to a suite until I found that there were no windows in the suite. Seriously there were no windows but a very big suite. It was like being in a cave.The buffet breakfast is one of the best and when you book make sure it is included in your room rate. There are not many other alternatives near by.The bathrooms are a good size athough I don't understand why hotels put in rain shower heads when they limit the flow of water.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Coopers4
<Content>Novotel in excellent location We stayed here for 4 nights, 9 - 12 April, 2007. The staff were great, arranging for an excellent english speaking driver to take us to The Great Wall and other sites around Beijing including acrobatic and kungfu shows - which were actually very good. The hotel itself was busy, with a tourist rather than a business base. It is in an excellent location, within easy walking distance of the major shopping street, the Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square and the night food market. Taxis are easy and cheap to get for other destinations.The room we stayed in was a deluxe at CNY884.40 plus 226 for a rollaway bed [ there were 3 of us]. It was a corner room with plenty of space and a view out towards the Forbidden City. The decor was a little tired. We were told renovations were underway and we might be disturbed during the day but we never noticed anything. The bathroom was spacious but a bit dingy and rundown. It didn't matter though, we had a very happy stay and would return - unless the Peninsula Palace over the road was giving away rooms! The Regent is also close by. The breakfast buffet was very good, although expensive by Chinese restaurant criteria, but this is standard for China. I particularly liked the crepes with chocolate! The swimming pool is indoor and an adequate size with a good spa next to it.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>roadie4
<Content>Very Decent Hotel I had a weekend stay at the Novotel Peace Hotel. The location is quite good. It is about 5 minutes from a major pedestrian shopping district and about 20-25 minutes walk from the South Gate of the Forbidden City. The staff are nice. The lady who checked me in spoke solid English and I noticed that the person checking in beside me also had a staff member who spoke solid English. There are staff who have trouble speaking English (however, they speak more English than I speak Mandarin), but there is always someone near who works there who can assist you if you run into any trouble.The rooms are a little older and not very fancy, but they are adequate and clean. My room would not be considered a room for a romantic getaway, but as a tourist, it fit the bill completely. The washroom is also clean and the amenities provided with the washroom are decent (toothbrush, ear buds are included too). There are 2 bottles of water (~300ml each) provided as you are not recommended to use tap water in China. The hotel breakfast is excellent. A buffet of Chinese and Western food is provided. You can get fresh fruit, pancakes, french toast, toast, eggs, bacon, etc. Checkout was very simple and fast. The front desk is staffed with enough people so that the guests do not have to stay waiting that long. They also help with providing maps and directions for the local sights in Beijing.A tour desk can be found in the lobby in case you would like to sign up for a city tour or an extended tour outside the city.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Roccox
<Content>Good location but very old and dirty rooms The Hotel is very well located and practically everything is accessible from there. We had problems when checking in, because theycouldn't find our reservation even with our receipt and Ref. Number..poor performance of the staff on this section. The first impressionat the lobby was great but not once we entered in our room which was old, dirty and with a terrible view of old houses's roofs. The bath was not enough clean, specially in the shower area.Heating was not working properly in the room, so it was cold. The person in charge of the Business Center, a chinese lady was very rude and lacking of customer focus. Her initial words were if you want to use Internet be aware the cost is 2 yuan ($0.25 ) per minute.The main Restaurant was good. Excellent buffets The main value of this hotel is just its location, but it doesn't have the quality service of the Novotel Hotal Chain. This is the first time we are highly dissapointed by a Novotel Hotel, and it was not cheap!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	2	1	

<Author>lowinge
<Content>Good value for money Hotels are quite expensive in Beijing and given the good rate I got through internet booking for this hotel, the room and other amneties have been above my expectations. I had been given a standard double room in the recently renovated section and the room was comfortable. However, a problem with the shower room door proved to be a dangerous and they required me to move to another room. I was reluctant as I had only 2 more nights and they persisted and gave me a small suite at no extra cost. Overall, service was good and prices of drinks at the lobby lounge reasonable as compared to other hotels and restaurants. I had previously stayed at the Beijing Hotel at double the price and find the Novotel a much better deal.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>hartpark
<Content>Rubbish I stayed at this hotel for two nights at the end of a business trip before flying back to the UK. The reception and public areas were very stylish and contemporary. However, the room I was allocated was a non-renovated room and was shabby and tatty, and clearly in need of the pending renovation. I had booked a Superior Room but fail to see how the room I had booked could be so described. I wouldn't stop at this hotel again, and would not recommend it unless you have a guarantee of receiving a renovated room.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>blacktie
<Content>Get a suite deal I booked a last minute stay for two night at the Peace hotel. I went directly to the novotel website and found that I could book a king executive suite for about $135 per night. The room on the top floor so the view was great, and the room was huge. Actually it was like two rooms, one was a large bedroom with a king bed and great furnishings, the other was a sitting area complete with couch, chairs, large tv, and a dining area that sat 6 people. I had two full bathrooms and the executive concierge lobby was down the hall. I had free snacks and drinks after 6:30, and they also set-up a breakfast in the morning. Everything was perfect. I would highly reccomend this hotel, but spend a few extra bucks and get an executive suite.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grasal
<Content>Beijing's best We stayed there in October this year and found it to be very clean, and having a large room and great facilities it was an ideal hotel for our pleasant stay in Beijing.The breakfast buffet was the best we have ever encountered in all of our travels, and the bar which faced the street, and had happy hour was a great place to unwind after a day of shopping or touring.It is also walking distance to the Forbidden City and the main shopping area as well.We have recommended it to other friends who are visiting Beijing.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>GL&TSH
<Content>Loved the Novotel Peace Great hotel in terms of both room and service. I booked the deluxe room with king bed and it came with breakfast. Cost was approximately US$100. Great breakfast, great room (big and clean) and great service from the staff. When I first checked in, the safe in the room was out of battery. I called and immediately someone was sent up to replace the batteries. At another time, the tv remote was not working and immediately after calling, a service personnel came up to check on it for me. Great buffet breakfast every morning! Furthermore the hotel was at a fabulous location, right next to shopping and eating area. 10 mins walk to forbidden city and tiananmen square.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HHA
<Content>Excellent location and very good room Just back from a trip to China. Stayed at this hotel for three nights, much better than expected after reading some comments on this site. We were given a very large corner room with triple aspect windows and sofas, very well appointed and comfortable.Buffet breakfast very good.Some excellent restaurants within easy walking distance.Staff were OK but could have been a little more friendly  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SearchGoRu
<Content>Nice lobby, great buffet, dumpy rooms and you'll want to know... All the reviews about this hotel are spot on, however I feel compelled to share my experiences in doing business and traveling in China. If I can help just one person avoid some of the hassles and mistakes I have made, I will have accomplished my mission. The most important thing to remember about traveling to China is that the culture is such that honoring a reservation is a distant second to trying to get you to pay more for everything. Don't worry, they don't specifically single out the tourists-- they spend the same amount of time doing this type of thing to one another as they will you. I have booked mutiple reservations (Shanghai, Xi An, Beijing) over the course of several years and many times they have claimed to lose my reservation (even the prepaid points reservations from American Express) and I have to fight to get what I have already paid for in some instances. This hotel lost my reservation as well. The rate I had for two rooms (prepaid through American Express) was 108/ US per night. Oddly enough, they confirmed that I had paid the full price for both rooms and yet claimed to only have one room for me and a full hotel. Long story short; two calls to american express, four to the hotel and they promised to accomodate me when I arrived-- only after complaining-- a lot. When I arrived they tried to make me feel guilty about getting what I paid for by saying they had to kick some other peope out. Imagine the audacity. The rooms are only adequate. When we finally got into our rooms the second room had big stains on the carpet and the first had a broken safe. The beds are stiff as a board. You can walk to the Forbidden City in about 15-20 minutes or take a short cab ride. The hotel will arrange for a car service to take you to the great wall (ask for Ba Da Ling) for about 1200 RMB. I highly reccomend using a car service to go anywhere. Hotel in room massage often includes extra services (use your imagination) and they quoted me 180 RMB for a massage. When the person arrives, the price might double or triple so hand them a pen before they start and tell them to write the price down. General advice for traveling in China:1. Bring all of your documents of proof of reservation2. If you book through a third party (like a travel agent) and the third party gives you a confirmation number, don't assume the hotel will honor or recognize that confirmation number3. Whenever I can, I'll ask someone local to call the hotel for me and confirm. 4. If you want to arrange for a car to pick you up (highly reccomended) use VOIP to cheaply call the hotel and ask them to do it for you. 5. Be prepared to haggle for almost everything. Above all, try to keep your cool and understand that this is just part of doing business in China. Usually, if you put up a big enough fuss, they will give you what you deserve.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tams_in_Oz
<Content>Great Location Having previously stayed in Beijing before I wanted a hotel that was central and the novotel was definately this. It's only about a 5 minute walk to the main shopping street and very close to all the main attractions. I stayed here twice on my holiday at the start in July and at the end of my trip in August and both times I had a great stay. Check it was quick and easy with the front desk staff talking good english. The room was large compared to other hotels and even though I had booked a standard room there was a fruit basket in my room. The hotel also provide small bottles of water in your room free of charge. The bathrooms in the standard rooms are not all that impressive and are a bit out of date but they are clean.On my second stay I arrived early in the morning (7am) and had expected to not be able to check in until later, when I asked at the front desk my room was not ready however they decided to upgrade to a suite even though I had booked a standard room. This room was awesome, it had a bedroom and connecting lounge room and the bathroom was really nice. The resturant I had breakfast two of the mornings I stayed and I can't fault the food, it was good. I'm a chef in a hotel and often examine what people serve for breakfast the novotel had a great range of foods. A chef was cooking fresh pancakes, waffles and crepes for you. Another was cooking eggs. There is a section of freshly cut fruits, traditional chinese breakfast, cereals, juices, whole fruits. It is expensive (120CNY I think) but it is worth it if you do eat alot for breakfast and the food is of a high quality.The front desk was a great deal of help and so was the bell boys and concierge. They assisted me in instructing the taxi drivers were to go, plus they have small cards with a whole list of tourist places in both english and chinese, good to give the taxi drivers.This is a hotel I would stay at again  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bec_n_craig
<Content>Good Location Stayed August 30- Sept 1 2006A$230 for 3 nights ( wed thurs fri)Booked directly through hotel website as they were cheaper than all other avenues ( hotel websites, agents etc)Location-GreatFacilities-GoodStaff- PoorFound staff to be below average, the porters very pushy! I wasnt even out of the cab before the guy was trying to get me to book a car with him to go to the wall. When I said it was to expensive and I would want to check around for prices, he said he knocks off at 4pm, and if he hadnt heard from me he would come to my room! Then a few hours later another one started on at us.Reception staff were clueless, I had communicated over email several times before my arrival saying that we fly out of Beijing at 10pm on the 1st so require the room only till 6pm, so a half day rate applies. We were charged the full days rate but I didnt argue as they were kind enough to check us in at 8am on the day of arrival. When we did check out at 6pm they kept asking why we were leaving early. I handed over my frequent flyer card and the cashier said I couldnt use it as I had booked with an internet agent. I explained I booked direct with hotel. She took my number down but its yet to appear on my account....I know these things can take time so I will wait.Room was in old wing and we knew we would be getting an old room for the price we paid. Wasnt expecting a filthy bathroom though, the orange mould in the bathroom and shower was pretty horrible and easily wiped away by myself with a towel so not sure why a housekeeper couldnt do it. I have stayed in some very basic accomm in my time, but would never have expected that at a Novotel.The resturant wouldnt let us order off the menu at breakfast and insisted its buffet only and we need to order room service if we dont want buffet. We ordered continental for room service following day and several things were missing. However did order early dinner room service on day of departure and food was great, huge portions and fast service.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	2	3	

<Author>A_sojournor
<Content>Nice downtown location Nice hotel in a great location. Pleasant lobby bar with good prices and good music. Terrific breakfast buffet.If the 10-15 minute walk to the major attractions is too far for you, a cab is less than $2.00 USD. Lots to do within the 10 minute walk range.Staff was very helpful in arranging tours and trip to the Great Wall.Would definitely recommend this property.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>sdo
<Content>Well situated but overated We moved from the Marriott West to the Novotel because of the convenient location. The entrance to the hotel is spacious and beautiful. The people at the desk were very helpful but we could not see a room when we came to check it out. We decided to give it a try and stayed 5 nights. We were put in a room in the newer part of the hotel. The room was a good size and the beds comfortable but that's about all the positive things I can say about the room.It was very, very dirty: dark stains on the blue carpet, stains on the grey, old curtains, stains on the lamp shade, poor lighting, and broken cheap furniture.The walls also needed a serious coat of paint as they too were very dirty.The electric tea kettle was melted at the rim from the heat and I ended up with piece of pastic in my cup of tea. The bathroom was also in very poor condition. The towels were very old and the sink was chipped and had old black dirt marks.I talked to the manager and explained how surprised I was to see a room in such poor condition in a 4 star hotel. I ask her to come and see the room. She did, and she seemed very surprised when she saw all I was pointed out in the room. Within 2 hours, she called us to tells us that she was putting us in a Deluxe room on the 16th floor. The room was a bit cleaner and there was newer, more sturdy furniture,the sink in the bathroom was also chipped, but overall, we were not impressed. The best part of this hotel is the location and the food. The breakfast and dinner buffet were excellent with a large variety and good quality of food.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	2	3	

<Author>SurfaceTravel
<Content>Excellent value, great location, great food This was the second time I stayed there and both times were great. I rate it a standard 4-star, but at very resonable prices. The rooms are modern, clean, and large. The location is excellent; you can walk to the Forbidden City. Best of all is the amazing buffet breakfast/lunch with both western and eastern food. When we first ate there on this trip, we pigged out for two solid hours! (Mind you, we had just spent the previous three weeks in northern China and Russia.)We had a small problem where we were too close to some construction in the hotel, so we had to ask them to move us, which they did.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EssexMichael
<Content>Good hotel, great location! I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights during May 2006 and really enjoyed it. My room was clean, spacious (two beds) and on the 14th floor away from the road noise outside. In fact the whole hotel was nice and quiet. Bathroom was fairly basic but the room had everything you could want. Good small pool in the hotel, with sauna etc which was again always quiet.Staff had a reasonable amount of English and the concierge were helful in finding restaurants etc. The main restaurant in the hotel had a buffet most days which I didn't fancy but the one occasion I did eat there the food was good! Someone else mentioned air crew, and they were plentiful. I think they keep the hotel going! but not a problem.You could walk to the main shopping street and some good restaurants, and in 15 minutes you could walk to the Forbidden City. Taxis are plentiful in that area, but be warned you need your destination in Chinese (the hotel has some handy cards with the main tourist locations in Chinese for you).Just down the road is the Chinese night food market - one for those who want to try something different! It's an experience! Only once did I experience hte pimps outside but a simple no got rid of them. They are everywhere in China so nothing particular to the hotel.I got a taxi from the airport which cost around 80RMB which wasn't bad but I was lucky with the traffic. In fact I got taxis around most of the city as they are cheap - never consider driving as traffic is mad!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MelburniteNewZealand
<Content>over rated hotel- two levels of accomodation which they don't tell you. .We were a party of 5 adults and had two rooms. (1 couple in one room and 3 singles in another. The couple got 'upgraded' to a superior room whilst we 3 had a triple room in the West wing. Well, the west wing rooms left a lot to be desired. Our room in the west wing was in bad condition with peeling wall paper, well worn furniture and carpet which badly need to be replaced. The whole wing was in desperate need of refurbishment to bring it up to a 3 star standard. The bathroom was old yet clean though water pressure was poor. It was a big contrast our friends (the couple) who were upgraded to a 'superior' room. Their room was what one would normally expect as a 'standard room' in a 4 star hotel- definitely not of superior standard. It was what you would expect of a NOVOTEL hotel room. Whereas our triple room in the west wing left a lot to be desired- I鈥檓 surprised NOVOTEL are not embarrassed at the condition of the rooms in this wing- it is not what you would expect of a NOVOTEL and am surprised at the lack of consistency as usually when you go to a NOVOTEL hotel you know what level of standards to expect  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not sure it warrants 4 stars While the common areas of this hotel are very nice, the rooms don't seem to live up to that promise. Rooms are quite basic, beds are very uncomfortable and bathrooms are very ordinary - don't even think abou taking a bath!However breakfast was very good, as was dinner the one night we ate in. The location was very good with good restaurants and shops nearby. I was there with a group of girlfriends and the location felt very safe. The hotel seemed to be used by Air France for their staff overnights, and some mornings/afternoons/evenings, we'd go to the lobby for drinks and every available (empty) table would be marked as being reserved for Air France.A large group of us arrived at the hotel at check-in time (2pm) with our luggage, and only one of the 6 rooms was available and the reception staff were pretty unsympathetic.Found reception staff and staff at the bar/coffee lounge to be rude on more than one occassion.Overall - we enjoyed our stay and would stay there again if the price was right.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SLin96
<Content>A very good, comfortable 4 star hotel This was our first hotel on an extended tour of Beijing. We enjoyed our stay there and were very happy with the hotel. We were not expecting it to compete with the five star hotels but it offered good decent accommadations, a great breakfast and a wonderful time.Unlike the previous writer we had no problems out and about on the streets. Wangfujiang is close by and we happily ate at a local dumpling restaurant with no problems. As two women, we never felt threatened or harrassed. We looked like tourists but had no issues. There are great night food stands on Wangfujiang near the hotel - we did not eat at the stalls but it was fun to watch all the 'action'.Breakfast at the hotel was very good! Initially it didn't seem like much but we soon realized that all the hot dishes were around the chef stations along the back wall (the containers are recessed so you don't really see them). Croissants, as befitting a hotel with a French background were excellent.Our room was good, decent, clean, of a 4 star quality. Ethernet Internet Access for a fee in the rooms with a daily maximum I believe of 60RMB or 100 RMB.We enjoyed our stay there and would return there again. There are very reasonable rates when you check prices on the Internet for this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>samski
<Content>Gotta be kidding Had a conference in Beijing on Friday and decided to stay the weekend there at the Novotel. At a corporate rate of RMB650 or USD80 including breakfast, all taxes and charges, I stayed at what was supposed to be a deluxe room on the 16th floor. The room was, at best, equivalent to a three star hotel in the US, featuring quite worn carpet, a small television, an old couch and a hard but huge king size bed. The bathroom however left a lot to be desired - shower had little pressure and experienced an initial shortage of hot water. Breakfast on the other hand was quite good, especially when you stick to the western selection - fried eggs, bacon and salmon. Chinese pastries and fruit proved to be ok, not great.I think Air France and Aeroflot put their crew up at this hotel so it gets a fair share of airline thoroughfare. AS WITH EVERY SINGLE HOTEL IN CHINA, BE PREPARED TO FOB OFF PIMPS WHEN YOU ENTER AND LEAVE THE PREMISE AFTER THE SUN GOES DOWN. I did not think the location was that great, it is definitely close to the Wangfujing Pedestrian Mall but you have to walk the entire length of the Mall to get to the metro stop. AGAIN, BE PREPARED TO FOB OFF THE PIMPS.A local taxi from the hotel to the airport will set you back USD15; or USD30 if you opt for a hotel car transfer. Pick the latter, it's worth it. Beijing taxis are a complete bloody disgrace. Overall, an okay experience.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fair 4 Star Hotel   showReview(4090537, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It is a verygood option   showReview(3888694, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Hans_Staden
<Content>Good deal in Beijing   showReview(3809022, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding. Do not believe other reviews   showReview(3794270, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maz1
<Content>I wouldn't go back to this hotel either!   showReview(3729084, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would have stayed elsewhere!   showReview(3659428, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3 star rooms in a 4 star hotel   showReview(3524046, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good first visit to Beijing   showReview(3309175, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alanreynolds
<Content>Standard hotel in central shopping area   showReview(3103875, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There are better hotel than this   showReview(2602885, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇炽倱銇°們銈?> 銇炽倱銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>绻佽彲琛椼伀杩戙亸銇︿究鍒?#x201d;       锛戯紨锛愶紤鍙峰銇с仚  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>paumiralles
<Content>Novotel Peace: Buena relaci贸n calidad-precio   showReview(22635399, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pf35
<Content>Excellente situation et tr猫s bon confort   showReview(21522702, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>viajeroCLM
<Content>Excelente   showReview(20684329, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濋   showReview(21744331, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tarepanda-a
<Content>鏁呭銇倐杩戙亜銇с仚銈?#x201d;   showReview(20385366, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>wolrd
<Content>parfait rapport qualit茅 / prix   showReview(18458573, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ivanorris
<Content>Muy buena situaci贸n   showReview(18340638, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐜嬪簻浜曘伄杩戙亸銇亗銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19168513, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cid17
<Content>hotel 2 etoiles   showReview(8549055, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>calevais
<Content>Muy recomendable       Habitaci贸n  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>PARIS75116
<Content>Super rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(8279193, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BOLOCO21
<Content>Espaces communs tr猫s bien - Chambre a 茅viter!   showReview(7759573, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄鍖椾含銇犮仯銇熴伄...   showReview(21800984, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夊績銇椼仸娉娿伨銈屻伨銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19156253, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>楂樼礆銉涖儐銉亴涓︺伓閫氥倞...   showReview(19924076, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愪緵銇ャ倢銇?浜哄鏃忋仹...   showReview(19923363, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€绻佽彲琛椼伀杩戙亸瑕冲厜銇?..   showReview(19921330, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>妲樸€呫仾銇ㄣ亾銈嶃伄銈偗銈?..   showReview(19918686, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掑勾闁撱伀锛撳洖鍖椾含銈掕í...   showReview(19917655, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

