<Author>travelingGangof6
<Content>beautiful wedding destination We were looking for a place to stay on west side of island, pictures of hotel made us decide to get married on our vacation. Villa Montana staff was wonderful in planning simple small inexpensive wedding. We had a dream come true wedding on the beach at sunset. The restaurant provided a wonderful dinner for the small wedding party that could not be topped. The hotel staff even cleaned up our room and prepared it for the wedding night with flower petals on the bed and candles all aound. Totally romantic and beautiful. We topped off our honeymoon with romantic horseback riding on the beach and snorkling in the blue hole (equipment provided by hotel). Fabulous!!! Fabulous!!!Great Staff!!!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Patty2Rome
<Content>A great place to get away from it all!!       the gorgeous view, just in front of our villa  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>pfply
<Content>If you're laidback, you'll love VM This place is for folks who are able to see the forest for the trees. The staff is great if you are. Most of these units are managed condos and you might need the geckos cleaned out of your AC unit (we never used it in April) and some ants dealt with but the place is nice. Grounds are the best part, pools are simple yet nice. Restaurant has a small menu but is very good.We cooked a lot after going to the grocery that is up the hill. The beach is an amazing walk in either direction but not real sandy at the hotel. There are a couple places to walk in a little ways and we body surfed w/o injured toes. There is a public beach a 2 minute drive or an 5 minute bike east with great sand, cool surf shops and simple restaurants. Horseback riding is literally right next door and very worth it.We used this as a jumping off point to see the western portion of the island and still loved coming home. You will need a car to go to nearby places but spending your morning afternoons or evening here is A-OK.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>craig2
<Content>Great Spot We were really surpised with this hotel. Reasonable price, friendly staff and nice room. Terrific location.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	2	

<Author>HeartMath
<Content>Private, lush, relaxing resort       One of the villas  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>HenriNewYork
<Content>Middle of nowhere If you stay two nights you may accept one single day in the villa Montana, but forget a longer stay : rocky and dangerous beach, dark rooms without any view except the parking lot, unexisting service, excessive food prices (the breakfast is just awfulk for the price), rooms/appartmenets owners who party during the whole night ...In all cases, rent a car to be able to escape. This resort really is in the middle of nowhere  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	3	1	1	

<Author>Carinanne
<Content>Wonderful stay, wonderful place! thanks Cynthia! We stayed for 10 days at Villa Montana in a 2 bedroom villa (we have 2 children, ages 19moz and 3.5 years). The villa was amazing, the staff was friendly and very helpful. Whenever we needed anything they came right to our aid. The pools were wonderful, the kids loved them. The beach is a bit treacherous, the waves are pretty strong...but it is beautiful. Eclipse restaurant was a great place to have breakfast or lunch (with the kids we didn't get out for dinner!)...the food was fine and not over priced. Having just spent 3 weeks on a very rustic adventure elsewhere in the Caribbean, we were thrilled with the ammenities and wonderful service at Villa Montana. Cynthia (general manager) and her crew were wonderful, we would definitely visit again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Ladybug9988
<Content>Worst trip EVER! Place is terrible! PURTO SUCKO! This place was such a huge waste of time and Money! A friend told me about this place and i did have high hopes butafter being to other Islands this was just dirty. 1st of ALL there is NOTHING to do at the resort or out and about. The staff was rude and not helpful in the least. Oh, and if it rains alot just try getting your car out of the resort over the little bridge. FLOODS! Don't forget the 747 that fly right over your room at 3am and sound like they will be crashing into your room. Restaurant was slow and priced high for mediocre food. The beach is SO SMALL and dirty. Beer bottles washed up while we were there. Not enough chairs for people. And if there is a wedding, Forget it. Restaurant is closed and the areas around it. The only good thing is the rooms. They were clean. We hung out there ALOT! Go to St. John ( Us Virgin islands) This was a total waste of time.....Puerto sucko!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>MotherPup
<Content>Cynthia Saved The Day!       Beach Companions...Lady  Dusty (our names for them)  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>luckynaka
<Content>Great Resort (esp. for the money) We are young couple (age 28 and 26) on a trip to i) find a wedding location and ii) vaction over 4th of July weekend.Our experience was generally great. We had cheapest room, yet we got separate bedroom and living room close to the ocean. We paid $352.80 for two nights. The beach on the property was nice and can swim/snorkel. It was hard finding the resort at first as Puerto Rico roads did not have many signs. To get there, you want to go east on 110 then turn on 4466 then there is a villa montana sign that is hard to see off a steep turn (if you drive correctly it should only take about 15min). Good-- Close to the Aguadilla Airport (BQN)-- Nice rooms-- Free snorkel gear rental, tennis rackets-- Eclipse restaurant has good food and great view. -- Staff was friendly and helpfulBad-- Hard to find the resort initially-- Electricity went out one night for about 12hrs, did not get anther room, instead gave us couple candles.-- hot water goes out sometime (but I believe it's Puerto Rico in general)In the end, we had a good experience there. This would be great for traveling with many friends or with family + kids, but for a wedding we were not completely sold on.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>j1adc
<Content>Unpleasant experience Our stay was less than pleasant. Our room was not very clean and we had a 7 hour power outage during the evening, which resulted in no lights, air conditioning or hot water. When we went to check out, the computers were down and the man at the front desk was not able to give us a discount on the room despite this large inconvenience. Nor were we able to check out at the time. Further, the food at the restaurant was not very good and there was a cat there begging for food, and eating a lizard during our meal.This was not worth the money for this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Fletcher417
<Content>Romantic Rendezvous WOW! What a vacation! My husband and I have 4 children under the age of 10 and we are both Corporate Executives from the East Coast and rarely travel without our little love bugs. However, this trip was a needed romantic rendezvous; way overdue (I might add) and Villa Montana Beach Resort in Isabela, PR delivered with gusto!  We are not hip on the nightlife scene and didn't want the touristy crowded attractions either, been there, done that. We had heard thru friends that had traveled to this resort before that the Northwest tip of Puerto Rico is the place to go for romantic seclusion. You didn't have to tell us twice so off we flew into Aguadilla International Airport and a short 15 minute drive later we entered Paradise! The staff was very welcoming and accommodating. My husband calls Villa Montana Beach Resort our own Caribbean Beach hideaway and this was to be our home for the next 7 days. We were lucky enough to receive a 1 Bedroom Ocean view Villa (the staff told us there were only 3 on property and they are always booked) that had fabulous amenities with that Caribbean flair and theme throughout not to mention the artwork and greenery around the resort. Our Ocean view verandah that overlooked the crystal blue isolated beach was just what the doctor ordered. We had breakfast each morning out there while enjoying the ocean breeze; let me tell you there is nothing like it on earth. We were just steps away from the sand where we took daily morning and nighttime walks on the secluded beach that seemed to be placed there just for our pleasure. The Sunsets - absolutely incredible.  Now, even though we needed some romantic time together we still like our activities! The Villa Montana Beach Resort delivers once again with horseback riding, biking, hiking and we even played some rousing matches of tennis. We never really left our Caribbean paradise. Dinners were fully enjoyed at the two restaurants onsite, the Eclipse and Restaurant O. Unfortunately all good things must come to an end and my husband and I will definitely be back perhaps next time with the children. Thanks Villa Montana for a memorable trip.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TKlash
<Content>Wonderful Stay       Manicured grounds.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohnThomas1969
<Content>BEautiful looking resort, Sub Par Services. Villa Montana is an expensive property on the NW tip of Puerto Rico. The gounds are well groomed and the room amenities are adequate. The beach is so-so, as the beach front is mainly hard sand stone with pockets of sand, not the place to take a swim or let the children play. The Resturant services also leave a lot to be desired. Reservations are alomost never honored (in fact they told us after our reservation wasn't honored that they don't take reservations, though I clearly called the resturant the day before and they confirmed it.) The food is nice, however not anything to write home about, but good for an informal beach atmosphere.The management seemed indifferent about the complaints I lodged about the reservation issue. Perhaps it doesn't have control over it?Overall if you are looking for a nice resort on the North West side of the island, I would look toward Ricon. Nothing here I would say merrits the $$$ price tag.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>Pepifray
<Content>Our beach front wedding...       Beach Setting  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>Besos15
<Content>WOW...what a wedding!       Eclipse Restaurant  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>PhxED
<Content>Great but... The best things about this resort are the beautiful grounds, an exceptionally friendly and helpful staff and the beautiful beach-side bar area. If you need to be on the West side of Puerto Rico, between Mayaguez and Isabella, this is the best place to stay. However, we have found the best beaches and resorts on Vieques Island near San Juan. We stayed in a one bedroom downstairs villa that was larger than the ciff rooms but still pretty small. The full size bed was squeeky, hard and had seen better days -- we didn't get a single good night's sleep...villa needed some maintenance.With all of the awesome restaurant reviews we thought that the Eclipse would be great -- however, the whole time we wondered if perhaps they had changed chefs. The food was ok but certainly not worth our time even though the restaurant itself was breathtaking-- we found great fresh local fare at Luna Marina down the road.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Jess451
<Content>Beautiful Location, Relaxing Week. We just got back from the Villa Montana (stayed there 4/16-20). We were a little nervous when booking the hotel, and there seemed to be two types of travelers 鈥?those that had a wedding there and loved it, and those that stayed there not during a wedding and thought it was so so. QUICK SUMMARY.Great location, Amazing grounds, good rooms, Restaurant not worth the cost. Definitely would stay there again. Had a great vacation- came back totally relaxed. PRE-VACATIONI was extremely worried before our trip. I emailed to ask about a couple of their services and never heard back from them. How hard is it to answer an email?? I wanted to request a couple of the more expensive services and just never heard back鈥攚eird and not a good start.GETTING THEREWe flew into San Juan. The drive to the hotel was about 2 hours but it was an easy drive--- pretty much a straight shot. There鈥檚 this one point, when you first see the ocean in front of you (going down a hill near Isabella) and it鈥檚 like you鈥檙e entering another world. Note if you have a gps, it will get you to the villa but it thinks the road is unpaved but it鈥檚 paved. THE GROUNDSWe need to start out by saying that this was one of the most beautiful places I鈥檝e ever stayed at. The grounds were amazing. The pictures do not do it justice. The resort is small so everything is within easy walking distance. I can鈥檛 say it enough, this is one gorgeous place. Wild birds (including a family of parrots) are right on site.***Pools***There are breathtaking two pools, one by Eclipse with bar  rest rooms and one a short walk away. Both pools were breath-taking with the best lounge chairs I鈥檝e ever used. The pools were quite, had plenty of shade and sunny spots. We ended up spending most of our time at the pool not near the Eclipse. The shaded area had two double lounge chairs and a hammock! Hubby spent most of his time there. So relaxing!!!!!***Beach***This is a surfers beach so don鈥檛 expect to swim here. However we did have a number of long walks along the beach. Slightly to the right of Eclipse restaurant you can walk over some rocks and find the Blue Hole snorkeling area鈥攚e鈥檝e heard. However, we were never able to find it, however it was April and the ocean was rough鈥攏ot the resorts fault.The Beach resort area had about 20-25 lounge chairs (NOTE TO MANGEMENT: you should get more). The grounds staff do a great job keeping the beach clean and free of debris (I totally don鈥檛 understand a few of the reviews). THE ROOMWe stayed in one of the garden view rooms, #3062. It was about 11x13 (maybe) with a queen bed, coffee maker, small dorm refrigerator, tv  vcr, iron  ironing board and closet organizer system (note no in room safe). The bed was extremely comfortable and covered in white linen鈥攕o comfortable we had no problem sleeping at all. The room was nicely decorated with terracotta tiles and dark wood furniture. There was a ceiling fan, personal room air conditioner and two side tables with lamps. Even with the three lights, the room was dark (think more mood lighting than regular lighting)The room had the ability to open up to a larger room (think of adjoining room hotel rooms). So the room had a funky 鈥榚xtra鈥?door on the way to the bathroom. I can鈥檛 think of any additional way to state it. The bathroom was a good size (larger than some NYC apartment bathrooms). The bathroom was dark too鈥擨 think the bulb wattage was too low. There was a large French door that overlooked a small slate patio that had two chairs and a small table. There were a few minor issues with the room. When we first got to the room, the A/C sounded like a wind tunnel. The bell hop said he would send maintenance. After an hour, we called the front desk and was told maintenance was gone for the day. However the bell hop came back and did something. However the A/C wasn鈥檛 sounding loud by that time-- Maybe it was the start up issue. So it became on non-issue. It worked and kept the room at a constant temperature.The other issue was with the hot water. Three times the hot water just stopped. The hot water wasn鈥檛 really hot so I would take showers without any cold added. I swear the water stopped 鈥?no trickle- no cold water just me standing there with soap in my hair and no water. About 4 minutes later, it just started back up鈥攚eird. ROOM SUMMARYOverall it was a charming room, and more than met our needs. If I had a family I would definitely want to rent a full villa with kitchenette. The personal patio definitely made it worth it. Next time, I would want to have a balcony room (verses the patio) but it definitely was pretty great. The patio was a favorite addition, every morning we had coffee  breakfast there. THE RESTURANTSThe website claims to have two restaurants, the Eclipse and the O. However the O is open only Saturday nights鈥攕o really the only restaurant is Eclipse. We never did eat at the O, but did have our first dinner at Eclipse. The restaurant is beautiful! It鈥檚 right overlooking the beach, long white curtains flowing in the breeze, lanterns handing throughout. Absolutely breath-taking. The food was a disappointment. We鈥檝e traveled throughout the Caribbean, Mexico, Europe and live in NYC. We ordered the bruschetta, sushi tuna appetizer and then shrimp tortellini and a meat dish (the first meal my husband wanted wasn鈥檛 available鈥攚hich I thought was weird it wasn鈥檛 a big menu to begin with). The only thing that was really good was the tuna appetizer, the bruschetta was on this cracker thing, the tortellini wasn鈥檛 cooked enough and the meat was ok. However for the quality, we felt the meal was over priced almost $90 inc tip without drinks (we had water and no alcohol). This was the only meal we had there. I did look at the lunch menu and it looked like for two it would be $30-40 w/o tip鈥攏ot worth the gamble. Also double check your bill, be were charged incorrectly for one of the appetizers. RESTURANT SUMMARYService wasn鈥檛 as bad as some posters had; we completed our meal in about 2 hours (more European/Caribbean pace than US). We liked it. However, value for the price makes it not worth it.THE STAFFDidn鈥檛 see the staff too much. There did seem to be some disorganization in the processes. For example, we came out one night to see an entire family sitting outside (one was holding a very young baby). They apparently locked themselves out of their room (you鈥檙e only given one key??). They said they have been waiting for over 陆 hour to be let in because no one had a key. (how did housekeeping get in?). Don鈥檛 bother going to the Eclipse restaurant (next to a pool and the beach) for towels, go to the front desk鈥攖he restaurant didn鈥檛 have any when we went. I guess this may be an overall thing鈥攁s of today still don鈥檛 have a response to the email I sent to the resort. RESORT OVERALLWe would definitely stay at this resort again. The quite atmosphere made it feel like we were the only one鈥檚 there. There were two or three weddings during our time there and we never felt that it overshadowed our time. Wouldn鈥檛 eat at the restaurant again. If we were to go again, I would have the resort purchase items for the fridge ahead of time (it鈥檚 an option on their site).I think if you think of it as a hotel verses a 鈥榬esort鈥?you鈥檒l be happier. The term Resort is means activities, activity coordinators and helpful staff. It鈥檚 hotel, where you need to make your own fun and if you need constant entertainment, this is definitely not the place for you. If you are a person that like to plan your own stuff (guidebooks, internet etc) this is perfect for you. Oh side note to mention, I didn鈥檛 get any cell signal there (Verizon wireless) so if you need to be constantly connected鈥攏ote this. I did see others using their cell so maybe it was just Verizon. SUPERMARKETAfter dining in the restaurant, we chose to go to a supermarket to buy snacks, stuff for breakfast and lunches. About 10 -15 minutes away you can find the Economico (or something like that) supermarket. Large, clean and plenty of parking*directions:The supermarket is located on the west side of Isabella _ you can stop there on your way to the resort even. Otherwise from the resort take 4466, to 466 E to 459 E. its on your left right has you enter IsabellaTREBOL BAKERYWe had breakfast here our second day. Great espresso coffee and ham  cheese sandwiches. Its to the East of Isabella -- Take 459E to Carretera 113 (parking is in front).AMANDA鈥橲This place had amazing Monfungo (mashed plantains forming a bowl, filled with shrimp, chicken or meat (your choice) and peppers, onions and a red sauce.--- mmm our best meal鈥攇reat appetizers and good wines.Directions: take 4466 to Carr 110. Address is 8.8 km Carr 110.- 10 mins away.OCEAN FRONT RESTURANTThis was really good, on Carr 4466E about 5 minutes away. Large wine list for the Caribbean. Walk in, and walk though the bar to a clean, efficient and yummy restaurant. We had dinner there and it was awesome. Definitely a good meal. While you鈥檙e waiting, you can go outside and watch the ocean on their private deck or you can eat outside in the outdoor restaurant.HAPPY BELLIESSlightly farther down Carr 4466E from the Ocean Front, total dive bar atmosphere on the ocean. Beer, burgers, fries, excellent quick eats. Kids will defiantely like the food here, but us adults did too. Cheap cheap eats-- $30 inc tip beer burgers and appetizer.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	2	2	

<Author>Dbob
<Content>Perfect destination wedding!       beach  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>apetura
<Content>Puerto RIco's Best Kept Secret       Dan and I - married!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>herbnkim
<Content>Paradise A co-worker and I stayed at the Montana Villas from March 10-13 on a business trip. The resort was well kept and the beach was like a dream. It goes for miles and there is almost no one there. Can you say picture-perfect. After being in busy Playa Del Carmen, Mexico on a family vacation just a month earlier, the quiet and relaxing atmosphere was very refreshing. There seemed to be a lot one could do right at the resort, but not a lot for very small children. There is a nice playground though so if you have small children and don't want or need a childrens program, the resort may work for you. It seems like it would be better for kids more in the eight years and older range.My only disappointment was the limited time we had at the resort. Breakfast on the beach was fantastic, but after that we had to leave and work all day and well into the evenings. We will be coming back on business again in a few months and will be staying there again. Except this time I hope to stay an extra day or two for fun. And my wife has been planning to join me. I'll be working and she'll be relaxing on the beach.... :-) I would recommend this resort for people who want a very relaxing vacation free from the hustle and bustle one gets in the big hotel/resort zones. Don't expect to see any vendors on the beach because there are none. You can go for a walk on the beach by yourself - as in not along with 500 or 5000 other people. You can relax on the comfy lounge chairs and not have people trying to sell you things every fifteen minutes. And you won't even have to worry about pushy sales people trying to sell you time-shares. They don't exist there.Quiet, relaxing, nice.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaWildchild
<Content>Romantic Paradise My husband and I are always looking for romantic getaway weekends because we both travel on business and sometimes can meet up in exotic places instead of going home for a weekend between business trips. We really need the RR but we are quite picky about our choices since we spend so much time in hotels. We found Villa Montana on the Internet looking for a Caribbean romantic vacation. The place looked so inviting we thought we absolutely had to try it and so we did. It was so fabulous that we had the most difficult time leaving and are already planning our visit back to Villa Montana as soon as we can!Puerto Rico can be crowded with night life and traffic but Villa Montana is on the west coast so it is far away from the hustle and bustle yet easy to get to. We drove from San Juan and it was no big deal but they do have an airport much closer that we'll try next time in Aguadilla. What did we love about Villa Montana? Well everything. It is exactly what their website said.long stretch of deserted beach, really cozy rooms, hammocks to hang out in, peace and quiet. This place was magical. We are both exercise nuts, so we went hiking, biking and snorkeling in between just reading a book in the hammock, which was right outside our villa near the beach. Heaven!And the food was amazing. Chef Jeremie - our new friend - is amazing. He has an organic garden right at the resort and the cooking is to die for. Fresh, tasty and a huge variety of dishes to choose from. We had a kitchen in our villa but never used it. Are you kidding?The two restaurants are great and very different. Eclipse is an open air restaurant right on the ocean. Romantic and beautiful. Dinners there can go on forever and one won't mind. The Restaurant O is inside, but very cool. You sit on big cushions and feel like you are in some exotic country.The owners here really have it down. The staff is nice and friendly but leave you alone. If you are looking for a fabulous romantic weekend or vacation, I'd highly recommend Villa Montana Beach Resort in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vista4u
<Content>relaxing       beach near villas  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>vischa
<Content>Disappointed The good: nice setting, lovely beach and great swimming, snorkeling. Good food at Eclipse Restaurant.The not-so-good: marginal service. We arrived 1/2 hour before check-in (after 7 hours of travel) and were told that we would have to wait 90 minutes before we could drop our bags in the cottage and change. Housekeeping showed up at 5pm every day despite our requests for them to come earlier in the day. The floors in our rooms were not clean. Though our lone dinner at Eclipse was very good, it took 2 hours for our entrees to arrive and 45 minutes for dessert. 3 hours in total is a bit much. The desk staff was less than insightful when asked about suggestions for things to do off-site.Overall, this is a lovely spot but we couldn't help but feel as if it were a bit down at the heels. It felt slightly neglected and so did we.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmnb
<Content>Lovely location - service needs alot of work The location and the feel of this resort is quiet and relaxed, it is gated and feels safe for families with young children. What I only realised during our stay is that each villa is individually owned, and if there is something that needs fixed in your villa, they need to call the owner to get permission first. This results in a very varied standard of villas - some are owned by local families who have everything, some by investors who keep the bare minimum ammenities. With a young family I had planned to cook some meals in, I ended up borrowing pans just to cook pasta !The website gives you the ability to order food in advance to be in your villa when you arrive - a nice touch if it actually happened - we arrived 3pm on Saturday and nothing had arrived by 9am Sunday so I cancelled the order and did it myself.Eclipse - the restaurant on the beach is great food but really really slow service. Service is better at lunchtime if you have young kids. Overall we had a lovely time due to location and the ability for our younger kids to enjoy themselves in a safe location, with the right villa this could be even better but Villa montana needs to decide whether it is going to offer the services of a luxury resort or not - it is pretending to but it really cant live up to it right now.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	2	4	2	

<Author>LottyPotty
<Content>Wonderful! Stayed at Villa Montana for 6 days/5nites. Grand place. Ocean waves were 25 feet high which was very unusual. I was there for a Destination wedding and the staff took care of us. Were there some problems, sure. Some plumbing difficulties, etc... But nothing one couldn't live with. The staff was friendly, mostly. All were respectful. Prices at lunch and dinner were reasonable.Will I recommend? Absolutely.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TLL2008
<Content>Beautiful setting, not so beautiful service! The Villa Montana resort is a lovely setting and our rooms were equally lovely. However, we had reserved ( paid for) an ocean front 3-bedroom villa  were told there weren't any. Eventually we were moved closer to the ocean, but it took LOTS of persistence and the help of the agency we used to book our reservations. Our showers had no hot water  the kitchen was barely stocked. There were no bikes, snorkeling equipment or spa. The fitness center equipment did not work. The climbing wall didn't have all the necessary equipment. Service was always friendly and always at a leisurely pace!On the plus side, it's clean and peaceful with amazing views.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>corgs78
<Content>Vacationer Beware!! My girlfriend and I stayed at Villa Montana in Aguadilla for a week in March and it was horrible. We are both avid travelers and have gone to many Caribbean destinations and this was by far the worst. The rooms were nice and the maid staff is very helpful. However, we never felt welcomed anywhere. The beach is small and you have to hunt down a chair to sit. Service at the restaurant is so slow and overpriced. I shouldn鈥檛 have to go on a Caribbean vacation and have to hunt down the bartender to get another drink, a bill or even water. The locals are disrespectful and rude. Nothing is more unattractive than sitting on a beach and seeing locals throwing beer bottles into the ocean. They take no pride in their island and they treat tourists with disgust. There is no island atmosphere here. We couldn鈥檛 wait to pack to go home. Save your money and go elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	1	2	1	2	5	

<Author>billerm
<Content>Neutral - ok but you can find a better place The good:The property is beautiful with lovely gardens. There are two pools, two tennis courts, a climbing wall and a playground for young kids. There are two restaurants on the property. The people who work there are very friendly. The apartments are comfortable and it is lovely to sit outside on your veranda to enjoy the birds chirping.The not so good:There are two areas on the beach through which you can enter the water. Otherwise, there is too much coral to make it safe to enter. The water is nice but choppy. The beach is hard to run on even though it is 3 miles long as the brochure tells you. Other than housekeeping, there are really no services in this hotel. They say they have tennis raquets, bicycles and kayaks that you can use but they are so limited in numbers that you really don't get to use them. It would be better if they rented them out to you so that they would have them available. Many of the units are owned and used by locals who bring everything with them and it seems like the hotel feels that there is no need to provide the typical amenities that tourists require.The distances on this part of the island are very big so you are kind of stuck here unless you want to drive 1 hour plus to go to another town or beach or rain forest. There are no restaurants outside of the hotel to speak of and the local supermarket is kust so so. We went to Rincon which is about 1 hour from this hotel. There is more to do there and it is closer to the southern coast where the waters are calmer and there is a lot more to do so that might be a better bet.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>johar1
<Content>The best day of my life!       Ceremony2VillaMontana-Isabela  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>Innqueen1
<Content>a wonderful wedding! My daughter was married March 2008 at Villa Montanaand both she and I couldn't have hoped for a betterwedding. The staff had worked to provide the settingthat she wanted (she and her fiance had traveled therethe previous April) and so there is always the uncertaintyof what the flowers, cake, bouquets , tables will look like. Let's face it with destination weddings you are putting alotof faith into the hotel's final choices. But, happiness prevailed and the bride was relaxed. You get to know everyone for a few days before the main event. From Grandmas to college kids, fun is had by all.There were times when we waited a long time for food, or the tv in a villa needed fixing but who cares? Really, It's Puerto Rico where the pace is slower and overall the ceremony is why we are there and the hard working wedding staff does a supreme job. Mildred is the bomb!Thank you Villa Montana for giving us memories we willnever forget.Innqueen1  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>panicbutton
<Content>Amazing room, but two weddings left them understaffed We stayed just one night here, but two days on our way to other Puerto Rico destinations. Glad we stayed just one night, as the beach was very rocky, surf rough and beach not so pretty. I realize I just don't like the Atlantic for a vacation, not the hotel's fault. We booked a one bedroom suite instead of a room. WOW! We walked into a huge one bedroom apt. with a living room/dining room combination the size of my apt in NYC with a matching terrace outfitted with a gas grill and nice outdoor furniture. A full kitchen with laundry room were also there with a hotel-room sized bedroom (queen bed) and regular, combo bathtub/shower. Very nice room furnished beautifully. I felt like I'd borrowed a friend's apt. Unfortunately, the hotel had two weddings there that weekend so the restaurant was closed for dinner the night we were there. Also, glad we arrived in the daytime because the hotel is in the middle of nowhere, but only about 15 minutes from the Aguadilla airport. The town is a surfer village meant for younger folks than us - more bar scene than culinary delights. But just fine for an overnight and we were on our way to Rincon and Ponce. Very nice staff and ultra clean. Two tiny pools and tennis courts we didn't use. Right next door to a riding stables with a horse ring on the hotel's property. Decent fitness room for a hotel this small. They were definitely understaffed this weekend with all the emphasis on pleasing the wedding parties. This place is not for people with disabilities as room was two flights up and elevator broken. Seems like a condo community for PR residents of other parts of the island that use it as a weekend place and occassionally rent it out. Would be good for quiet getaway if I planned a relaxation or romantic stay. We were a family with an active teen, so it wasn't the place for us to stay more than a night or two.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelHungry
<Content>Not Worth the Money! Our family with two teenage boys stayed one night at Villa Montana over Christmas vacation 2007. The Villa Montana is incredibly expensive, and was very disappointing in many ways. The stand-alone villa we were given turned out to be owned by someone. We learned this when we walked in are found someone had left the closets open with prescription medications and other personal affects. When I called the front desk they said just to leave them alone and that the owner was supposed to lock the closet. The Villa Montana website said there was beach fishing, and when I asked at the front desk they looked at me with a blank stare. In general, the attitude at the front desk was rude and unhelpful - especially shocking given the prices. The restaurant service was very slow. There was a party outside on the grounds and they would not lower the music at 11 pm. At the fitness center the treadmill, bicycyle, and stairmaster were all broken. When I reported these at the front desk they were not apologetic. The bedspread on the bed was old and worn looking. My advice - drive further and go to the Copamarina Resort in the South - Fabulous.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>GarrettMarc
<Content>Remarkable... Will return again and again! I go to Aguadilla Puerto Rico for business and could not believe when my company suggested I stay at Villa Montana Beach Resort. Normally when I travel I have to stay in boring old chain hotels. But a resort? Lucky me and especially since Villa Montana is such a special place. There is really no other place to stay in Aguadilla that is decent and imagine my excitement when I pulled into this beautifully manicured place right on the ocean. In fact, Villa Montana has its own stretch of private beach surrounded on one side by forest and then cliffs. Even though they have a nice health club, you bet I go running on that beach every morning when I am there.They don鈥檛 have Internet access in the guest rooms, they have wireless at the beachfront restaurant called Eclipse and trust me, there is no greater place to do work than this location. I honestly can鈥檛 wait for my trips to Aguadilla because I get to stay there. And of course my family is jealous and we do plan to have them meet me there soon and turn it into a family vacation. I can鈥檛 imagine one better.The staff is quite nice, the food is fabulous at the two restaurants, Eclipse and Restaurant O. The grounds are beautifully manicured and the guest rooms and villas (I have stayed in both) are really comfortable and charming.Whether you are on business or pleasure, I highly recommend Villa Montana Beach Resort in Aguadilla Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BEL123
<Content>Very relaxing family vacation My husband, young son and I spent a week at Villa Montana and were very happy with our vacation.We had a two bedroom garden view villa which was extremely spacious and comfortable with several balconies. The kitchen was reasonably well equipped and housekeeping cleaned the entire villa thoroughly every day. The grounds are beautiful, two pools, a great playground, tennis courts and beautiful beach. It is very relaxing and lowkey which was perfect for us. The garden view villas are less expensive than the ocean view, but still no more than a three minute walk from the beach.The staff was unfailingly polite and pleasant. There is wireless internet access in the hotel lobby and near the restaurant.I would be very happy to go back again.A few critiques/drawbacks, things you should be aware of:Although the website said that the resort was 90 minutes from the San Juan airport, it was took us two hours to drive on a Sunday afternoon. I was told it can take significantly longer on a weekday when there is traffic. If you can, I would recommend flying into the Aguadilla airport which is about 15 minutes away.Many people appeared to have trouble checking in. Although we had reserved and paid for a two bedroom villa, we were shown to a one bedroom and told no two bedrooms were available. After some persistence on my part, they found a beautiful two bedroom for us. I witnessed several other people checking in who seemed to be having problems as well, and when we checked out early on Sunday morning, the young man at the desk couldn't figure out how to run our bill properly.The hotel staff seemed slightly overwhelmed on the weekend when a wedding was taking place, and the more casual restaurant was closed to accomadate the wedding. We had planned to eat with our son in our villa that night, but if we had expected to eat in one of the hotel's restaurants, it would have been problematice because the nicer restaurant is not really appropriate for a four year old.The beach at the resort is not great for kids because it is rocky and rough. If you have young kids who want to spend a lot of time in the ocean, it might not be ideal.On balance, the positives far outweighed the negatives for this beautiful resort.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>LSW26
<Content>Not so great The actual structure of this place was fine. The rooms were clean but the bathroom had little water pressure. Our bed was broken but was fixed the next day.  If you want anything at this resort don't ask because the staff will not accommodate you. I'm a vegetarian and asked for something to be made without meat and was told it was not possible. I asked for cheese between two pieces of bread and was told they were not sure if they could do it. I later found out they had grilled cheese on the children's menu, so they could make it. There is supposed to be a person on the beach who provided towels. I never saw anyone doing this. We brought our room towels to the beach. This is not so bad, but when they advertise and even tell you at check in that they do this, then they should. I picked this resort since it had two restaurants and we wouldn't have to leave the resort (we didn't rent a car). However, when we went to lunch at the resort the day after our arrival, we found out that the restaurant was closed for a wedding and the other restaurant on site was already booked. No one told us that the restaurant would be closed due to weddings and no one advised us to make a reservation at the only open restaurant. We had to take a taxi to another restaurant in town just to eat. There is no room service or way to eat anything at the resort if there is a wedding, except for the vending machines.The only activity to do was to go to the beach. They do provide the chairs as shown in the website, but they don't have enough for everyone. Also some of the chairs have missing cushions, so you would have to sit on the wood chair alone. I did not see or hear about any rental equipment for the ocean such as kayaks or snorkel gear. I did not see a place to get massages nor was there any word on how to book one. I was afraid to ask since everything else I asked for they could not make happen. The best thing we did while staying at the resort was to take a taxi 2 hours away to another town where we spent half the day snorkeling. We also made sure to eat dinner on the way back. The resort actually recommended this snorkel place and had a brochure. But they told us to make all of our own bookings including transportation. I found out that this place is under new management. That may be why others on this site liked it so much in the past. I would not recommend going here unless you simply want to stay near the beach and don't plan to have any meals there. Or maybe it would be better if there were no weddings at the same time as your stay. So you may want to ask before you book if you will be sharing the resort with a wedding party.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>texasmom13
<Content>Great location - family friendly Villa Montana Beach resort is a dream come true vacation location. We travel with our three kids and so we have to find a place where there is lots to do and where we can have a villa so that we can cook our own food and spread out. We found Villa Montana on the web because we had never been to Puerto Rico 鈥?honestly I did not think I would like it with all the night life and crowds. But Villa Montana is on the west coast, away from the crowds and easy to get to with Aguadilla Airport literally 15 minutes from the resort. I don鈥檛 know where to start is how happy we were. The kids loved the snorkeling, swimming, horseback riding, rappelling, hiking and biking. My husband and I loved that they loved it, and of course for us we could participate in all the action or just find a hammock and relax to read a book, or walk that beautiful long stretch of deserted beach. This is one of the few resort websites that was truthful. The place was even better than it looked on line.The restaurant can be a bit pricey for a family of 5 to eat in every night, but we did eat there because the food was so good and one of the restaurants was right on the beach. We could not resist. But most of the time time we cooked in our villa, ate on the patio and felt like kings.We are going back and telling all our friends. This place is secluded, relaxing, fun and has very nice people that work there. What a perfect vacation  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vornadito
<Content>Relaxing - but not much more...       Sign at main entrance  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>CloudyDae
<Content>Lots of fun! My family of 4, myself, husband and DD 12 and DS 8 had a great time at Vila Montana and Isabela last April! We had a room by the pool and the tennis courts and it was a short walk to the beach and the restaurant. We did not eat at the restaurant except for a bruchetta appetizer, partly because 2 of our traveling companions became ill after eating at the restaurant, so it made me a bit nervous. There is a hammock by the pool, which is nice. The rooms were kept very clean, but don't keep your windows open, I did to let steam out of the bathroom, and when we returned there was an iguana on the ceiling! There is a small area of swimmable beach, if you go to the beach and walk to the right, past the rocks, you'll see that there's an area that is relatively flat. We went here almost every day. Snorkling is good here as well. The gym on the property was good, w/ a treadmill and hand weights. My kids and I did horseback riding on the beach using Tropical Trail Rides and it was really good and definately worth the $$$. It may rain a bit every day, but remember that it is a rain forest, and it normally doesn't last long. The area itself is not very touristy, and a knowledge of a bit of Spanish can go a long way! There are very good places to eat close by, I can't remember their names, but one place was on the beach and had a man walking around w/ a little guitar serenading, it was a lot of fun and a bit comical; he would sing spanish songs to the locals, then come to our table of 14 and sing I did it my way in English. I smile remembering it! My husband, son and a few others chartered a boat in La Paguera where they went deep sea fishing, where my brother in law caught a blue Marlin and others caught Mahi Mahi. We also drove down to La Paguera a day earier and went on a private snorkling trip through the mangroves for I think $200 for the 4 of us including sandwiches. There is a grocery store close to the hotel, but beware: it has very short hours on Sunday. Also, there's a donut shop in a strip mall by the grocery store, and we went in there and had sandwiches that they toast, very yummy! We had a great trip to Isabela, and the Villa Montana was a very nice hotel and we would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Dupra
<Content>Loved it!!! and so will you!       Eclipse Restaurant  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Whoozer
<Content>For a special experience in a spectacular location For the past 17 years, my wife and I have been returning to this beautiful island - each time exploring new towns and the island culture. Having traveled extensively throughout the island experiencing what each town had to offer, when we arrived in Isabela and encountered Villa Montana, we knew we would return here each year with smiles on our faces. It's one of those places that combine the sophistication of a European spa with the simplicity of walking along miles of pristine beaches and enjoying beautiful sunsets.Villa Montana鈥檚 location is ideal for those who prefer short rides from the airport - 15 minutes from Aguadilla鈥檚 airport. When entering the resort, you are surrounded with some of the most spectacular vegetation on the island. The large natural boulders placed strategically throughout the property are enhanced with beautiful native plants sprouting from them. The produce grown on the property garden is used at the beachside restaurant! How fresh tasting is that...The staff, lead by the resorts owner, Jessica, and its GM, Cynthia, is pleasant, attentive, always accommodating, and willing to listen to guests. The resort has the feel of a small condominium community. The two restaurants on the property are, in our opinion, the finest in the area. We had the opportunity to view a beachside wedding one evening. When the groom entered the area on horseback, it proved both unusual and most interesting.Because our villa had a full kitchen, we located fisherman in the area selling the local catch of the day (usually snapper and yellow tail)--and then came home to cook it for dinner. What memorable meals!The wi-fi connectivity is first rate. Golf courses are 15 minutes from the resort. Take time to look at the night sky here 鈥?the experience is not unlike being at a planetarium!What's really enchanting here are the beaches. The property is located on the beach with its beautiful blue Atlantic water. Whether you choose to windsurf, snorkel, scuba dive, bodysurf or just swim, you will find it here. The beach is never crowded, and the water invigorating.My wife had a dental emergency one year while we were staying at the resort. The staff was able to assist her immediately and arrange for help--which was most reassuring. Our only reluctance in writing this review is that our little secret 'Garden of Eden' will become better known - making it more challenging for us to book our future stays!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Laughguard
<Content>All in all, a great vacation Read the many reviews carefully, for they contain the good and the bad about this resort pretty much the way we saw it. We had a perfect vacation, a great deal from Expedia, and perfect weather, so it's hard to complain about the many little flaws with this place, but had things not broken well, I might not have been as happy.The grounds are immaculate and beautiful, the beach is right there with great sand (miles of walking) and excellent lounges (with shade available). The water is Carribean warm, but the reef along this shore makes swimming a bit tricky (although doable). Surfers, snorkelers, etc can have a lot of fun.The tennis courts are free, and in good shape (the surface is a bit strange, but kinda fun). They have night lights, though one of the two courts has a missing light.We had a one bedroom unit, which was a bit small, more than a bit shabby, but clean and adequate. There was a small leak in the toilet, a broken wall mirror, and a shower bar fell off while we were there. There were lots of little service glitches .. phones didn't work for a while, a power outage, spotty cellphone coverage, but housekeeping was good. They could have used more or better building maintenance. Everyone was VERY friendly.We had a continental breakfast buffet with our Expedia deal, and started the day off at Eclipse (their restaurant) overlooking the surf with fresh juice and a set of food that varied in quality and availablility each day. There was often yogurt, croissants, toast, cereal, and fruit, although many days they ran out early or just didn't have things.We had a few billing glitches, but they were all resolved pleasantly. Everybody went out of their way to be very nice and helpful, and that goes a long way towards making issues like those mentioned above less burdensome.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fdom
<Content>Pleasurable stay at Villa Montana Although our stay was just for a single night, as we were attending a wedding, our experience at Villa Montana was definitely a pleasurable one. The wedding itself was magical, the ceremony held at a small gazebo overlooking the ocean. The food for the reception, held at the small beachfront restaurant, The Eclipse, was superb. So was the breakfast buffet the next day, and lunch too (we found prices very reasonable, and the food creative and fresh). Our accomodations were spotlessly clean - we could'nt even find a single spot on the glass shower enclosure - and spacious. Our villa was a one bedroom unit, with a very large and comfortable kitchen (also spotlessly clean and well-kept) and also a full-size dining and living room, plus terrace. Although our stay was so short, we can imagine coming back to stay longer, relaxing in these very comfortable facilities. Our kids had a lot of fun by the pool (they have two, one near the center of the resort, another by the beachfront restaurant). Overall, my wife and I thought this was a great place to relax, amidst the beautiful tropical landscaping. Kudos to management and staff, as they made us feel wanting to come back for more, which we will do.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jwb3rx
<Content>not the service I expected... We stayed at the Villa Montana to attend a wedding that our friends were having here. The wedding was beautiful and the property is nice as well. The resort is in a remote part of the island and if relaxation is what you are looking for this is the area to be. The beach is small and the ocean is very rocky which makes it a bit challenging to enter and exit the ocean. If this is important to you I would be cautious of staying here. The property consists of mainly villas which we stayed. Let me start with our check-in. This was certainly not what I expected. Once I completed my registration, we had to wait 30 minutes in the small office area for one fo the employees to escort us to our villa. Why this is necessary I did not understand and was not given a very good explanation. We were with other guests as well who waited along with us. Not a good way to start our stay here. Our first villa was a bit small for our liking and I went back to the office where we were quickly upgraded to a 2 BR villa with 2 bathrooms, 1 with an outside shower which was nice, kitchen and living room area. We were helped with our luggage to the next villa which was a nice gesture.Once in our villa is where things were not exactly what I expected from a resort like this and from the prices they charge. The upgrade to the new villa did come at a price of course. The villa was cleaned that day but overall it was a bit run down and not worth the money. The location is what you are there for, not the accommodations. One of our ceiling fans was broken, the fridge light was broken, there were bugs we had to take care of and the biggest pain was that the villa had one phone which was broken. Since we were there for a wedding we needed to keep in touch with people for daily activities. Cell phones did not work so the villa phone is important. I went back to the office to request we have someone give us a new phone. Our original employee came to the room to try and fix the phone which he could not. He said he would be right back and after an hour later he did not. I had to go back to the office again, to be told there was nothing they could do till the next day. Why couldn't I be given a new phone to plug in? No one could tell me that. So for 2 days we had no phone to keep in touch with our other friends on the resort. The front desk was not helpful at all with this and actually seemed annoyed when I expected this to be fixed. Overall, the resort looks great from the outside and is in a remote and beautiful part of PR. The rooms/villa are in need of an upgrade and I think they need a couple more people to help with check-in and maintenance on the property. The wedding was a success and that was the main thing. If not for the wedding, I would not return to this resort again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	2	2	

<Author>dsklar
<Content>Great Getaway I decided to spend a week in PR as a result of serendipitously finding the Villa Montana website: I was planning a return trip to Glacier National Park in MONTANA. And it was a perfect choice for us this year.My wife and I usually leave our kids with the grandparents to go hiking each summer, but I realized that it would be too adventurous since we had a newborn with us this year. Our one bedroom villa at Villa Montana was steps from the ocean, the pool, and the restaurant. With our patio just outside our room, we were able to let our daughter take her 2-3 naps/day inside while we enjoyed the soothing breeze off the ocean or caught up on sleep ourselves. Nightly babysitting allowed us to play tennis, relax, swim under the stars, eat deliscious meals (thank you, Jeremy, for making special vegetarian dishes for us) , and walk along the beach. During the day, we enjoyed reading under umbrellas or palm trees, my wife reports two terrific massages, and I snorkelled daily just outside of the resort. A wedding at the resort was unobtrusive and didn't effect our enjoyment of the resort one bit. We felt so relaxed here, that we cancelled plans for a side trip to St. Thomas! As for activities near the resort, I can only speak about a one tank dive from Isabella (average diving); Areceibo, the Caves, and diving at Desecheo island were all on my potential activites list but we were too tired to do much of anything. The Villa Montana was a delight: Actually, it is true to its website.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>julie078
<Content>We loved Villa Montana Villa Montana is an absolutely beautiful enclave on the northwest tip of Puerto Rico. It is gorgeously landscaped -- tropical native plants, flowers and trees + birds everywhere. The beach is private... each day I'd run into maybe one other person on the beach. The villa we stayed in was extremely elegant, yet warm; everything on the property was in excellent taste. We had two bedrooms, two full baths (one with an open-air shower), full kitchen, separate laundry room, large closet space, dining area, living room and spacious patios with dining and lounging areas looking out to the ocean -- unbelievable. The service was perfect -- the staff genuine, friendly and very accomodating. There are two pools on the grounds, tennis courts, a lovely outdoor restaurant /bar next to the beach with a great menu, horseback riding, a nice herb/cutting garden with enclosed massage tent, workout room, children's playground... the setting is pure paradise.I'd go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Reactor1966
<Content>Destination wedding? Prepare for sticker shock A word of advice for anyone planning a destination wedding in Puerto Rico - if you decide to check out the Villa Montana, be prepared for sticker shock. To give you some context, when we started to look for something in the Isabella area, Villa Montana seemed like a good choice, and we were very excited. However, once we received the contract it became a major disappointment. The number of fees this resort charges for a beach wedding and reception are astronomical. $55 per person for decoration fee, $7 + tax + tip (per slice) + $40 delivery charge for the cake? If money is no option, then I suppose you should check this place out. But if you think that $200+ per person is obscene, then stay away. There are other places that are as good or better.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>madge21
<Content>Poor management Our family has been to the area of Isabela/Rincon six times now. On one of these visits we decided to try Villa Montana.We had a two bedroom beachfront villa. The resort was not full when we were there (during the summer).I was so angry when we returned from our stay there that I did not want a review then. Why my anger? Because for two of our days there they decided to power wash all the chairs and tables from the restaurant. The restaurant was just off to the right of our villa.The power washing, of course, required the use of a very loud and noisy generator. The cleaning was done between our villa and the beach, right off the restaurant. So, not only was the noise unbearable, but it also detracted from the beach view.As I sat on our porch and tried to read, I was listening to that awful generator go for two days. This is an example of poor management. The resort management should have shut the resort for two days (not taken reservations for several days at their slowest time) so they could do the necessary cleaning. To subject their guests, paying almost $500 a night at the time, to such noise and pollution, was clearly a mistake in judgement.We decided when we left that we would never stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>John066
<Content>Disappointing Although the setting is lovely, the service is poor, and there are security issues to deal with. And be prepared for the electricity to go out periodically as well. Also the pools are very small, considering that this is labeled a resort. The restaurant was also below par, and since it's in an isolated part of the beach, it's difficult navigating out at night to another eatery unless you know your way around.Pretty disappointing experience overall.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>mudhen1
<Content>Dream Wedding in Paradise!       Ceremony at the Gazebo  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>pietrobcn
<Content>we couldn麓t even spend the night The property failed to meet all the promises made.It is described as a private hideaway on three miles of deserted Caribbean beach. The beach actually sits on the Atlantic, and it is not deserted. There were homes on either side of the hotel. On the one side, there are three or four homes juttin out directly over the water with kite surfers practicing their sport. On the other side and immediately adjacent to the hotel was a home completely covered in tin roof panels that made for a particular eye sore. The bluffs are covered with homes that look directly down on the beach, taking away whatever privacy there was to be had. This was our first ten minutes.The beach is fronted by rocks and studded with sea urchins, making it very difficult to enter. Once in one discovers that the sea floor is littered with trash and discarded tires. It is inconceivable that the hotel would think that this beach is suitable for the kind of experience the hotel purports to offer.Upon arrival, we were told that our confirmed spa booking (side by side massages) could no longer be honoured. This was due to one of the two massage therapists being on vacation. We could have separate massages but not at once as promised. However, two newlyweds couples that arrived at the same time as we did had no problem confirming theirs. We were flummoxed- it showed either complete incompetence atdelivering services they had already confirmed or at the very worst, it showed that there was something more unsavory at work. Additionalservices requested- pedicures, manicures, facials- which they had received via e mail, were not even booked. Then we went to our assigned room. Our room was diminutive and had no privacy. The bed adjoined a glass door that led directly to the street. It had no charm and was poorly decorated. There was barely enough space to walk around the bed, wedge oneself between said bed and a TV on the way to the bathroom. At the price range of this property, one expects a lot more than a plain white box with just enough space to walk around a bed and a TV mounted on a table. And things then got worse.The AC was so loud that it made rest there an impossibility. We immediately complained to the front desk. We were told that a technician was on the way. Anticipating that it wouldn鈥檛 be fixed, I asked if it was wise to have us settle and unpack in case we needed to move. We were assured that it would be fixed. While we waited, we decided to have a drink at the bar.Upon arriving at Eclipse we found a family snoozing on the chaises by the pool, even though the pool was closed and the restaurant open for busniness- nice. The view of the sea was marred by the loud 80鈥檚 music playing- not the chill out experience that your website promises. An order for a Dry Martini could not be fulfilled because there was no Dry Vermouth and the Tonic on a Gin and Tonic was flat. We left the drinks in the hopes of finding some rest. The property was crawling with children everywhere, giving it the atmosphere of a summer camp and not that of a romantic hideaway. Depressed, we returned to the room to see if the AC had been fixed. Of course it wasn鈥檛. We were then offered to look at another room, but by then the prospect repacking and of a move was so unpalatable that we decided to re pack indeed and leave this nightmare.Travellers beware! It is a long way to get there only to find one has been lied to. I had travelled from Spain searching for the tropical paradise promised on their web site and only found that whatwas described as isolated was really fenced in to literally stop the encroachment of surroundings developed without any care for the environment. Their failure to deliver is so staggering that we couldn麓t even spend the night. And at these prices, better go stay at the Ritz Carlton. Pietro CuevasBarcelona Spain  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	5	3	1	

<Author>SyndiQ321
<Content>My Fairy Tale Wedding       The Rose Petal Aisle  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>A567
<Content>Great Wedding at Villa Montana! I held my wedding at Villa Montana in Jan 07 and coudn't have been happier with the event. My husband and I are from Boston and were looking for a small intimate beach resort to hold our wedding. The staff was wonderful and the accommodations suited our 100 guests perfectly. I made all my decisions regarding food, music and photographer based on recommendations from the hotel wedding staff and was very happy with the services. As with most weddings not all goes to plan...it's the kind of place that the overall results are so great that the minor mishaps have no bearing on the celebration. If you like the idea of a small island wedding without a lot of bells and whistles, this is the place. I would gladly do it again! A. Scheller  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kmizah
<Content>Unique Resort; Beautiful Wedding       Ceremony Area  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>pitbulls
<Content>Wonderful alternative to "big-box" resorts! My husband was in PR for work, so we took the opportunity to take a short vacation. We had Marriott points to use at the San Juan Marriott, but had one night that wasn't covered. We both surf, so after finding that the northwest corner of the island is the place for this, I researched tons of hotels in this area and decided on the Villa Montana. We loved it! We wished we could stay the whole vacation. Once we got to the very nice Marriott resort in San Juan, I still wished we were at Villa Montana! This place is totally different than your typical high-rise resort like in San Juan. It's quiet, small, uncrowded. It wasn't perfect...the check-in staff took their time getting to me, and yes, the service at the restaurants is slow. But other than that, not much to complain about! The water was actually quite calm when we went. It is rocky, but there were planty of sandy gaps in the rocks to enter the water from. In the evening after dinner we went down to the beach and literally had it all to ourselves. I also went to the pool a time or two and had it all to myself. We loved this. We stayed in one of the regular hotel rooms. It was nice. Nice private patio. It wasn't as typically fancy as a Marriott-type place, but we liked that it felt a bit more exotic. The resort looks very big from the map, but in fact is compact, so don't worry that the hotel rooms appear to be far from the beach...its really very close. This place is all about expectations and what you are looking for! If you want a Marriott-resort type place, you might be disappointed. But if you want a peaceful, quiet, private place, this is it!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Lvega718
<Content>Nice Resort With a Few Kinks to Work Out       our villa  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>chriske5
<Content>Loved It! This was an incredibly romantic and secluded experience! The beach was beautiful, the staff was excellent, and the villas very romantic. I have one word of caution. I had a massage, (I've had them done before by women only), and I would caution you that it was done by a man, and there was no modesty involved. I don't consider myself to be a prude, but it was a very uncomfortable experience. It was done in daylight, and at times I was concerned that I was exposed. I was more tense after the massage than before. I left my bathing suit top on because I was a little uncomfortable that it was a man, and he proceded to remove my top while I was lying on my stomach. If you have any modesty, I would not recommend the massage. Other than that, It was a beautiful, relaxing vacation. I would definitely go back here again!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PolarBears
<Content>Villa Montana-a resort with heart and soul!       Eclipse-wedding reception  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kuiarra
<Content>Villa Montana is Awesome We just came back from celebrating our wedding in Villa Montana on 5/19. Let me tell you that they did an exceptional and outstanding job. They catered to us and our guests need as best as humanly possible. The staff went above and beyond to make sure that we were happy. I recommend anyone who wants to marry in PR to go there. If you are looking for laid back and quiet this is your place. Alot of people dont seem to understand that the part of the island that VillaMontana is located at is known for surfing, that is why the beach is rough, this is not Villa Montana's fault. Nature plays a hand in it entirely. Both restuarants are awesome Eclipse and O, I have read negative comments on them and let me start by saying that this is notthe United States Mainland where everything is done quick, even in New York we see negatives. Villa Montana runs on a limited staff and is working at its best to make sure that everyone has there orders. I personally believe that with time they will be above exceptional. Most people should stop comparing Villa Montana with bigger hotels, it is not it is a remote place to spend quiet time and relax. Our wedding was held on the beach and it was marvelous. Lizbeth the coordinator went above and beyond and she deserves praise and admiration, it is not an easy job dealing with brides aboard, I am one of them. I am extremely great ful to her and Shakira from Front Desk who showed us what a real employee- guest relationship is. We loved them both and can not wait to go back. The rooms were great. We had our moments, but it happens with any hotel even the most expensive bigger name kinds, and I can tell you a thing about those hotels, and in all honesty put Villa Montana at the very top of the best list. They have a beautiful beach, if it is too rocky for you to swim, take a walk and you will end up at the Blue Hole, a spectacular snorkeling spot just a few steps from V.M. we spent hoursthere. V.M.'s pools are awesome our son loved it. Again I say Villa Montana and there staff, especially LIZBETH and SHAKIRA are awesome. And we cant wait to see them all again, I hope they dont mind me keeping in touch with them at Villa Montana, they are great workers as well as great friends. And we will miss them dearly now that we are back in NYC.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Webgemgamer22
<Content>Amazing Resort, wonderful in every aspect! I have lived here in the beautiful resort now for about 9 months. Let me start off saying that this place is paradise. It is located onthe west coast of the island which is beautiful and perfect for relaxing under the sun. Not to mention it is located on Shacks Beach,known as one of PR's most beautiful beaches, with awesome coral reefs, and beautiful fish. The resort has two wonderful restaurants, each with completely different styles, each excellent in their own way. The employees are wonderful people and very kind people. The beach on which Villa Montana is located is very beautiful. One is able to walk as far as they can before they reach the end!  The west coast of Puerto Rico is completely different than any other place I've ever visited in my life. It is sooo relaxing. Back at home, I was always going every which way, but the lifestyle here has slowed my life down and is is great! The last thing I want to talk about is the grounds. This part of the resort is awe inspiring. The beautiful landscape, the path's to get around, the restaurant, and everything else. I could go on and on about the beauty within Villa Montana Beach Resort. They have two pools, tennis courts, a spa, and of course the beach, the bestr part of PR. This excellent resort is the perfect getaway for those looking to have a great time experiencing the west coast of Puerto Rico. I definetly recommend coming down here for a vacation. If you come in with the right attitude, this place will exceed all expectaions you have for it. It is truly a masterpiece hidden on the coast of tiny PR, come visit, its simply amazing.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>colsterNyc
<Content>Loved Villa Montana:-) My husband and I recently returned from our second trip (in a 3 month time frame) at Villa Montana. Once again, we had an amazing experience at the resort. The resort is very remote and peaceful. We live in New York City, so remote and tranquil was exactly what we were looking for. The resort has beautiful grounds and beaches. The resort also has a friendly staff. At the same time, if you do get anxious and want a little night life, San Juan is a two hour car ride away. We did go to San Juan one night for dinner and gambling. Although there is not a lot to do outside the resort, the resort does offer an array of activities to engage in. Horseback riding (morning and afternoon rides) scuba, bikes, tennis and two pools to swim in. It is nice to know there are things to do 鈥?although my husband and I were very content running on the beach in the morning 鈥?and then relaxing on the beach for the remainder of the day. The staff is very nice and accommodating. However, I do agree with other reviews that requests are often met at a slow pace. We did order a menu from the front desk so we could order food from the restaurant to our room. It came two hours after our request. However, most of the staff are very friendly and did help us when we needed it.There is one staff member in particular I need to mention 鈥?Diana Perez. Diana is one of the managers at Villa Montana and unbelievably professional, hospitable and helpful. We did have a few mix-ups during our stay. For example, one night we made a reservation (through another person at the front desk) for dinner at the Asian restaurant on the resort. When we got to the restaurant, the reservation could not be found. We were upset and explained the situation to Diana 鈥?she immediately took care of the problem, got us a table and made sure we were taken care of for the remainder of the evening. Diana helped us with a few other situations during our stay. She is extremely friendly and professional to all customers and can multi-task extremely well. All in all, we had a great vacation. Villa Montana has a very comfortable, laid back feel to it. We will definitely be back again and we highly recommend it to others!!!!Colleen and Shawn  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>medfordpoker
<Content>Very Beautiful, but.......       Old dirty bathroom in Ocean View Villa  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EdithWharto
<Content>Chic...Chic...Chic I have just returned from the Villa Montana where I stayed in one of the villas with my teenage daughter and adult nephew. Being a Manhattan family, we have access to good food and quick service YET we could not have been more impressed with the ambience, attention to detail and general level of service provided by a very dedicated staff. In the front of our villa was a pool with very comfortable lounge chairs and a shaded hammock. In the back there was a beautiful garden with hammocks, shaded chaises and beautiful rows of orchids, herbs and indigenous fauna. The incredible beach was a two minute walk through the beautiful grounds.I believe that the web site is quite clear that this is not a place for casinos and wild partying. By no means does that mean that this is a boring place. We amused ourselves with good books, the beautiful views, terrific pina coladas, swinging/napping on hammocks, swimming and enjoying one another. Perhaps we felt that we did not have to be entertained every second. In the evening, we dined on delicious food at both the tapas bar and the hotel鈥檚 main restaurant.We  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Goldie111
<Content>Resort Shmesort; Stay Away! This is the first time in my 32 yrs of life that I have taken the time to write a review. My boyfriend and my experience was so bad at this resort that I felt that it was my duty to write. It was so ridiculious that I almost want to call John Stossel from 20/20 and tell him about the Villa Montana resort as it provides perfect content for his Give Me A Break reports.Some highlights from our trip:Due to an average rainfall, the road to the resort was flooded enough that not even a SUV could get by and the front desk had no clear solution or timeframe as to when we would be able to drive through. This was our first experience of the you are on your own mentality at this place. This behavior would be more acceptable if Villa Montana called itself a condominium complex, not a resort it claimes to be. Let me point out that this is after 2.5 hrs of driving over the speed limit from San Juan despite the website indicating it is a 1.5 hr drive. In summary, we had no way to get to the resort for hours and there is NOTHING in this area other than some manufacturing facilities (Hewlett Packard, Tyco) and a couple of very bad and overpriced restaurants with extremely depressing atmospheres making us wish we had vacationed in Secaucas, NJ.Don't expect fresh fish or fresh produce. The restaurant at the resort and a seafood restaurant down the street both served frozen fish for the price of an expensive New York City restaurant. Entrees were $20-$40. There are no other food options in the area. The only place we were excited about was this little food stand outside of the resort but unfortunately it was never open....the stand guy must have taken a vacation or something.Given the hassle we experienced, they upgraded us to a 1 bedroom villa. While the room, superficially, looked somewhat charming, the infestation of ants in both the bathroom and kitchen was annoying. Although we we were aware that these ants were harmless, it was hard to relax when our toothbrushes we were about to use or the pinapples we were excited to eat, particularly given the depressing food options, were covered in ants. We called the front desk and told them of the ants issue, and although they said they would have someone come to resolve the problem, no one came. The beaches are not nice either. In fact, on our walk down the 3 miles of untouched beach Villa Montana writes about on its website, we came across trash that truly amazed us. The more interesting ones included a rusted sofa bed and washer/dryer. I wish I had my camera for that walk.I could go on and on about our bad experiences if I had the time or energy. In summary, although the landscape at the restaurant and pool are actually very pretty (this must explain why Vogue and Elle magazines did photo shoots here), there is NOTHING else appealing about this place. The place is in a romote manufacturing area, the beaches are dirty, the service is horrible, and the food options are beyond depressing. We were happy to get back to New York City and need a vacation from that trip.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>arohm
<Content>If Only They Cared... My girlfriend and I stayed this past Sunday  Monday at the Villa Montana. The resort looked wonderful on the website, the reviews were good, and the prices were reasonable. Upon arriving, the resort did look beautiful. However, that's when the fun started. The front desk was oblivious to our arrival, and carried on side conversations rather than check us in. Once settled in after a 20 minute wait (with no other guests checking in at the same time), the room was nice, and things seemed to be in order. My girlfriend enjoys sleeping with 2 pillows, so we called to request an extra pillow. We called and were assured that it would be taken care of and went off to dinner at the resort restaurant. Don't go to the restaurant. I preface this by saying that we are two easy-to-please people. Decent food served expiditiously and some seblance of service is good enough. Even though the restaurant was 1/2 full, we were asked if we made reservations, then asked to wait. And wait. And wait some more. After asking if we could sit anywhere (not by the water, but at any of their multiple open tables), we were seated after a 40 minute wait. Once sat, we were ignored further at every turn by our waitress. We ordered an appetizer after a 20 minute wait, waited 30 minutes more, then asked if we'd have mussels since they're out of clams. Ok then. We took whatever food they offered at that point. Dinner showed up roughly 45 minutes to an hour after that. In total we waited two hours just to get to the main dishes, which were nothing to write home about and superbly overpriced. Perhaps there is a cultural disconnect between what we expect from dinner service and what level of service is provided, but they should know their clientele well enough to make the appropriate adjustments. To ignore us while talking with other staff members for hours is ridiculous and insulting.The restaurant was a waste of time and money due to their lack of service and lack of care for us.We get back to the room, and there is no pillow to be seen. We call again, and are told that the walkie-talkies aren't working between the front desk and the bellman. I volunteer to pick it up. I'm then told that it is on the way. An hour goes by. I call to cancel; they seem confused. I'm not asking for the world, just an extra pillow. We used a spare comforter as a makeshift one.That night/the next morning around 4 am, my girlfriend wakes me up and spots a huge fire below our room in the trees adjacent to the tennis courts, about 200 yards max from our room. We could see it at the treelines, so this is no small fire. No fire alarm goes off in the whole complex so we knock on doors in the building to alert them. We obviously see the threat and report it to 911. Trucks show up quickly and take two hours to put it out. Next morning, we call the front desk to see if they are ok. It turns out the housekeeping building burnt down completely. They say everything's fine, and don't even ask how we are. OK, terrific!The beach looks nice but it is tough to go wade in the water due to rocks.We were happy to leave on Tuesday. The Villa Montana staff topped off their non-service by not even asking how our stay was. We did not feel like valued guests, and I doubt you will either. Avoid despite the nice scenery.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Simplycuban
<Content>Villa montana,Aguadilla       Front gate  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jayh-7
<Content>Great for Familty R We spent our spring school break at Montana. Our party included,myself, my wife and three children 13, 11 and 8 years of age. We go someplace warm every year and prefer smaller, less crowded resorts. We don't need entertainment, casino's and the like just a clean and beautiful spot to rest. Montana was perfect for this and we would come back. The facility was beautiful. Our two bedroom apartment was clean and well kept. The staff was friendly and the beach was very nice especially if you like to snorkel. Montana's decor was done by someone with taste - its very nice,I would call it upscale Polynesian. The beach chairs were comfortabel and plentifulof the variety that you don't see everywhere.... really first rate. The towels and bedding the quality you would find in an expensive hotel. The resort has great tennis courts and two nice swimming pools. If you are going for glitz and to party into the night don't go to Montana - not that there isn't a beautiful oceanside bar with great drinks and music...( try the MOHITO) but this isnt Atlantis (Paradise Island) and we were happy about that. The one negative was the resort restaurant. Eclipse is on the property and occupies a beautiful spot right near the beach. Unfortunately this gourmet establishment is overpriced and the service from the kitchen is slow and inconsistant. Entrees never came out at the same time - half out party was finished by the time the other half of the food came out. All the food took an inexplicably long time and you can expect to spend $50 per head without much to drink. After eating here a few times we decided to avoid it. We don't go to the Carribean for gourmet meals, we would have been happy with a restaurant that didn't try so hard to pretend it was an upscale Manhattan eatery..Eclipse fails at this. Eclipse needs rework.The good thing is that you can go up the road to eat at more casual places with more Puerto Rican fare - the Ocean Club is the best we found - the rooms at Montana also had good kitchens so if you are with a family go to the Supermarket down the road and take care of some of your meals this way - rent a car.Overall though Montana was a great place and we will probably return next year.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>BFPW
<Content>Like Renting A Condo       Beach on sunny day  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>neutrino
<Content>La Isla Bonita       Beach on sunny day  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baskin
<Content>A return visit We recently completed our second prolonged stay at Villa Montana. The hotel consists of one or two story 1-3 bedroom condos. The buildings are widely spaced from each other. The condos are spacious with the two bedroom units being over 1000 sq. feet. The units further from the beach are somewhat larger. There are a few hotel rooms which are quite small. We have found that the condo's are well furnished and extremely clean. The hotel is beautifully landscaped and the beach is spectacular. You can walk forever, either to the East or West and see no one for long periods. The surf is quite strong at the hotel but on many days it is possible to go into the water. Swimming is limited to strong swimmers. There is kite surfing about 100 yards to the East that attracts international surfers.In addition to Eclipse at the hotels, there are a number of very good, informal restaurants within a five minute drive of the hotel. These serve excellent meat and sea food with less flair than at Eclipse and in a more Puerto Rican style.Unfortunately, noise somewhat dimished our recent visit. A new hotel is being built at the western edge of the hotel. The noise severely impacts the units nearest the construction but does not those room further east, ie closer to the restaurant. We were awoken twice by dogs barking and once by a very late party outside one of the condos. The hotel responded very quickly to our calls about the noise.The front desk of the hotel, including the issue of beach towels, does not work as smoothly as in large resort hotels. However, the individuals at the front desk all mean very well and will respond positively to requests that are presented in a reasonable manner.This hotel is a perfect place for a couple to have a quiet restful vacation. A car is very helpful, especially to see some sites that are an hour away. It is not an appropriate place for individuals that are looking for the actions available in many large resort hotels.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Sampras
<Content>Best place in western Puerto Rico We found Villa Montana trough tripadvisor and went to stay for three days. We were not dissapointed when looking around Puerto Rico for potentially better places to stay.Firt of all - the west coast is not littered with huge hotel resorts. These places are smaller. Here it is not so touristy - but you will find nice beaches. Very popular amongst surfers.I went with my girlfriend and we wanted to stay at a small boutique hotel if possible, lots of charm and non of that 1000 rooms american resort dream feeling. We found Villa Montana to be above average to in certain respects great.Rooms - nice but in no way impressive. But we did not spend much time here. Beach - great lounge chairs and good service in the bar. Not cheap not expensive. Try their fruit drinks made from fresh fruit - awsome. Will set you back $7.5. We really enjoyed hanging out here though the waves made it hard to swim at the beach, there was a pool for that. A plus was the surfers just outside and the snorkling just off the beach a 100m from the hotel.Resturants - a full dinner with two including wine will set you back $100 but it was a decent meal and great setting if we compared to other options. The new O resturant was acutally very nice and food good, though not great with our new york standards. You must try the chocolate tempura, to die for. Also the short ribs were amazing. Do not try their sushi... The resort lacks the hugh waterfalls etc but is tidy and nice and the area at the beach is really great. The back of the resort and the rooms are average but who cares?!The crowd were mixed between couples in their 50ies and young couple with a newborn and a father who came for the surfing - funny we saw at least five of these!We also looked around at Rincon beach club which made us feel sick and Horned Dorset which was nice but never ever worth $1000/night. Can really recommend this place. But check your bill on check out, we had a number of bills from resurants booked twice, making our total for three days including room and all food come down from $1100 to $880 after double-checking!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Zwithapggb
<Content>For the price, I'd expect a lot more. There's bettter value elsewhere. We were in PR for a wedding, which was held @ the Villa Montana. We actually arrived early, and spent some time in other parts of the island before going to Isabella for the wedding, so we do have something to compare this to. (See our review of the HoJos in Mayaguez, and the CopaMarina Beach Resort). The Villa Montana is OK as far as it goes, but I wouldn't compare it favorably to other resorts in its price range, in PR or elsewhere.The specific problems we had were:Front Desk/reservations: Not the most on the ball people on earth. When people ask for a room with two beds, they say there are no rooms with two beds even though plenty of the villas have multiple rooms. That's an example of the sort of mentality you run into at this place: They will answer the question, and do what is asked, but they don't take any initiative to make you really enjoy your stay, which is what you would expect in this price range.Phone service: Room to room worked spottily, there is no cell coverage, so you have to rely on the (one per villa) land line, which went down several times.Water Pressure: Watch out when someone flushes the toilet while you are taking a shower: HOT HOT HOT.Internet: The Internet in our villa never worked, since it was dependent on a wireless access point in another villa, which I would gather was not plugged into the Internet at all. I was able to get it working in another wedding guest's room, by plugging it in.Television: We never had working TV service in the 3 days we were there.The hotel has no competent technical staff to fix any of these items, and the guys they rely on seem to work one day a week.Restaurant: Expensive, slow service.Activities: None on-site that I could see. There are tennis courts, but it is pretty much self-serve. All the activities they recommend are run by expensive, off-resort, local businesses.Pool/Ocean: The pool is small, the ocean unsuitable for small children. I'm a certified rescue diver, and a surfer, and I didn't swim there due to the waves and currents. The waves were the worst part: blown out mush that makes it bad for anything except kiteboarding. One of the other guests, who surfs Stinson Beach SF with some regularity, cut his foot up pretty badly while trying to swim there.The villa itself was nice and spacious, the kitchen well appointed, and the beds comfortable. Think of this place as more of a gated vacation rental condo place than a hotel or resort. For that, it's par for the course.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meguelito
<Content>Beautiful Setting BUT! We loved the incredible tropical landscaped setting on beautiful beach. The atmosphere was peaceful and relaxed. We enjoyed the oceanfront restaurant, the tennis courts and the pool. BUT the ocean view unit we stayed in was run down, furniture was worn out, stove was dangerous to use and there was no hot water in bathroom sink. On first day on their beach one of the towels they provided disappeared from the beach chair and we were treated like criminals by the towel girl when we could not account for it. We were charged $60 for the towel and complaints to the Manager about this charge have gone unanswered. Given the poor condition of the unit, how we were treated and the $400/day cost we would not recommend it. We plan on returning to the area next year and are already looking for a different place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	1	2	3	

<Author>KarlaG.
<Content>Fabulous Beach, Horrendous Service I stayed at the Villa Montana for four days to attend a wedding. The property is at the eastern end of the island in a spot where there does not appear to be many other hotels. As such, the beach is beautiful. I often found myself walking on the beach completely alone. They also offer other services, such as tennis, which were adequate (a near by horse riding facility). However, the service and other amenities at the hotel were lacking. Although the food was good, every meal took between 2-3 hours to be completed (even without other guests in the restaurant!). A drink could take a 1/2 hour. The water pressure was low and the hot water bordering on luke warm. Old, noisy air conditioners; pitted bathroom decor; overloaded check-in desk, unable to deal with normal requests. A non-existent towel desk. Room service that doesn't come until 5:30 pm and must leave by 6:00 pm. Balcony doors that won't open. Etc. I can say that the execution of the wedding ceremony and reception (from the guest's perspective) was very good and the food excellent. Perhaps they were working so hard on the wedding details that they couldn't tend to anything else -- but then they should hire more staff.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>edjob210
<Content>Our Magical Wedding!!!       Our rainbow  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MCLee
<Content>Unforgettable Memories My wife and I just had our small wedding (25 people) at Villa Montana on November 12th. We are very happy and this resort will be part of our memory forever. The planning of the wedding started at the beginning of the year. We found the resort based on a Puerto Rico friend鈥檚 recommendation and also internet reviews. We booked the date sight unseen and we had been working with Diana, our wedding coordinator since the beginning. Diana and her staff are always warm and friendly and they guided us through the maze of destination wedding planning with ease. She was always very thoughtful and accommodating, almost helping us to make best decision that is within our convenience and budget constraints.Finally we arrived at the resort three days before the wedding. After some navigation difficulties we arrived at the resort (the sign that comes off Rt. 4466 could be hard to find, so pay attention if you are driving.) The first impression we got was how peaceful, tranquil and homely the resort feels. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The staff is very thoughtful and they have a vase of roses, a fruit plate and a bottle of champagne waiting for us when we got to our room. We were feeling pampered already at that moment. Lizbeth (who works with Diana) gave us a tour of the resort and we felt at home already. We had the private gazebo dinner that night and we were delighted with the food and service. Chef Jeremy is excellent with his craft. We come from DC and had tried our shares of fancy and trendy restaurants there, and the food from Eclipse鈥檚 kitchen is comparable to any fancy restaurants in a major city.The next day we enjoyed the spa services at the resort and we highly recommend the services of Alfredo. The setting of the spa is a small hut within the gardens and it is one of the most relaxed settings we had experienced. Most of our guests also used the spa鈥檚 service and they are all praises.We had our rehearsal dinner at the new 鈥淥鈥?restaurant on Saturday night. Originally I just want to plan a simple dinner for our guests but the meal turned out to be one of the highlights of the wedding. The d茅cor of the restaurant pays tribute to a lot of the Asian theme and every one of the guests was impressed. Chef Jeremy again came through and did not disappoint us. All I could say was that the food and service was top notch. And the food only left us wanting more.Finally is the wedding on Sunday. Like any other wedding, things don鈥檛 usually go as planned and we always seem to run out of time. Luckily, Diana was there to supervise and kept everything under control. Ultimately, the wedding was very smooth, the weather cooperated (it was gorgeous) and the whole process was just magical. Everything came together as planned. We had the reception in Eclipse and the decoration was wonderful. We discussed the flower arrangement with Jessica (manager) over the phone and the flowers were more beautiful than we had anticipated. The food (again) was magnificent. The kitchen staff paid attention to details and each slice of the cake was put a beautiful plate with chocolate accent added. The wedding concluded with people dancing (even some other diners in the restaurant) and everyone just having a good time. Regarding activities: tennis, relaxing in the pool, taking a nap at the lounges of the Eclipse, or sipping a cocktail on the beach chair or hammock, and walking on the beach is what is best about the resort. I do concur with other reviewers that the beach is rocky and not suitable for swimming (yet I see others swim/surf/snorkel.) I would recommend that guests be accessible to a car so they can visit other areas in the island. One activity that I would definitely recommend is the horseback riding from Tropical Trails and Ride. We did a ride through the woods and beach and it seemed like we rode to the edge of the world (probably the end of the beach) and came back. For two hours of riding at $40 each person, it is definitely worth it. My recommendation on nearby restaurant in case you want to try food other than Eclipse鈥檚 (not sure if that is possible) is the Ocean Front Hotel and Restaurant down 4466. Happy Belly gets a lot of recommendation from the locals but we found that Ocean Front has better food and service.I want to extend my thanks to the whole staff in Villa Montana here. Jessica was very gracious and upgraded my parents鈥?villa. It was unexpected and we really appreciated the gesture. Whenever we run into Jessica at the resort, she is always friendly and inquire about our satisfaction at the resort and check to see what can be improved. Diana, Jeremy, Lizbeth and the rest of staff were always wonderful, warm, and friendly. We don鈥檛 think we can ask for more in our wedding.I hope this review is useful for others. For us, Villa Montana was everything we expected and more. Everyone who attended our wedding also enjoyed their stay tremendously. We hope to return there soon.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BostonFamily2024
<Content>Not a resort its a motel This resort is nothing like the web page, I was a little worried when my wife booked a trip for the kids and us and didn't do a little more searching around. If you look at their really poor web page that some kid did during his lunch break...there are no large pictures for you to get detail of the motel? The first page doesn't even show a clear picture, mostly likely because it would saw trashed on the beach.Second there are not 21 different activates to do. My kids were bored during most of the trip and there was not other large family there. I don't know where they came up with that, and if maybe the GM or another manager can list them the front desk sure couldn't. Nothing is worst when your talking with someone and then they speak another language to there co worker, this happen many times and I always had a feeling that they were talking do to may family and me. My main problem was the resort and rooms where dirty, the pools were filled with bugs my daughter wouldn't go swim during our 5-day trip. They the ocean is not swimable, its not that the waves are rough, its because there are large rocks throughout the whole beach area. The beach also had a lot of trashed and bottles. Oh and you better bring towels with you if you visit this motel (resort usually has live entertainment and a hot tub) You can find any towels near the pool or beach, they you go to the front desk and you get more [--] from them and of course they continued to speak another language. The rooms are not rugged anywhere, the floor was all dirty, there were bugs thought out both rooms. There wasn't even a desk for me to do some work and the couch was ripped in a few area's. We called a head of time to get a roll away bed, but when we got there they were all be used...come to find out later there are only 2 rollaway beds for 50 rooms. They called their rooms a suite but it was just a large motel room. Finely the check out, they never did come to my room and help with the bags...check out took more them 45 minutes, they called us a taxi that didn't take credit cards, and wouldn't cash my the travel checks??? So I just left, didn't want to waste my time fighting with them because I had a plan to catch. So we drove off to the airport where I just thought there would be a ATM, however the taxi driver didn't say anything about there being no ATM till after were got to the Airport. So I had to leave my wife and kids at the airport as I drive to find an ATM. In this time the taxi driver said that he knew there wasn't an ATM there??? Well I thought I wonder if the Front Desk knew that. So I called them acting like I was still at the Resort and checking out soon. What was great is the front desk agent that I dealt with answered the phone. So she when on to tell me that no there is not ATM at the airport...that鈥檚 when I couldn't take it anymore....I was so upset that the front desk didn't even care to tell me this important information. They didn't care to deal with it, they just wanted me out of their hair when I wasn't even that rude to them.So my final thoughts are never go to this resort, after thinking about my trip...even if the fix every problem quickly I still won't of been happy with my over all experience.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>GlBo7
<Content>Dream wedding I always had a wedding in my mind... in July it became real.Since the beginning Diana was woderful, taking in consideration my ideas, my budget and helping us with her expertise in the matter. After planning for approx 8 months it finally became true. The night before the wedding we arrived to Villa Montana and a bottle of champagne, and a fruit + cheese platter was waiting us.The accomodations were wonderful. The villas were espacious and well decorated.The next day we enjoyed lunch at the Eclipse restaurant, excellent as always. During the afternoon, while some of our family members enjoyed the pool by the garden I had to start getting ready for the event.The great thing is that they think of everything. I can say that I was as stress-free as a bride can be. The hairstylist and make-up artist were just in time. They did a great job in accomplishing what I wanted. The only thing that no one could control was the weather. Despite raining all day long, it stopped 5 minutes before the wedding. I know that I need to thank God for stopping it, but the staff did such a great job. I saw how they started transforming the area. It was beautiful!The ceremony was wonderful... The pastor was inspiring. It was as if he knew us for a long time.The reception was more than I anticipated. The food was exquisite! The staff was extra helpful and attentive. The music by Deborah Brum was exotic and fun.Thank you Diana, Jessica and all the staff at Villa Montana for making my dream into my real wedding day. People are still talking about what a majestic time they had... and I know they are going to keep at it for a long time.Thanks again!!!!! You are the best.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>malm
<Content>Wonderful Place We stayed 8 days in July and had one of the best vacations we have ever had. There was a misunderstanding when we checked in as we had reserved an one bedroom ocean front villa with a king bed and when we got there we found out there is no such thing; all of them have only a queen bed. The desk people were upset that we had this wrong information (it came from their call center and not the hotel) and found us a villa that had a king bed but was further back from the ocean. This was quite a task as they were fully booked and had a large wedding group. We got over the initial disappointment, especially with the Manager bringing us a bottle of champage and her personal apologies for the mix-up and realized the villa we had was more than adequate and much larger than the first one. The young men that take you to your rooms are exceptional and take the time to be sure every need is met. The main restaurant was closed the first evening as the wedding party had it booked. We ate in the O Restaurant the first night; it is very unique and the food was good, but very small portions and everything was ala carte. It was Asian style and I am sure that it will get better after it officially opens. Staff is so gracious and we found that the Ecslipse had staff that was just a good. We ate there a couple meals but enjoyed local places to eat for other meals and cooked in our villa for some meals. The beach lounge chairs have to be the best ever! The beach man puts a sparkling white fitted terry cloth cover on them in the morning and the thick foam pad underneath is so comfortable. My husband spent 6 days; all day; sitting at the beach. We did not go to the pools as we are beach people, but the 2 on site are clean and nice. The grounds are spectacular! We highly recommend Villa Montana and hated to leave truly a piece of paradise.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wineluver
<Content>Beautiful resort-Beautiful wedding       The Eclipse Restaurant  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>icunurse
<Content>average but unique Just returned from a 3-night stay at Villa Montana. It took us about 2 hours to get there from San Juan airport. We found VM to be mediocre, especially for the price. We did stay in an oceanfront villa with great view and sound of the ocean. We were disappointed in the beachfront area, however. Very rocky. Actually went to Shack's Beach which was nicer. Jobos beach down the road towards Isabella was also much nicer than the VM beach. (Went to Happy Belly's, restaurant on Jobos with great views and food). Pools at VM were nice but nice much sun, more shady generally. I would describe the VM grounds and decor as quaint. Definitely a nice change from the large resort hotels.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Home Away From Home Each year my husband and I return to Villa Montana to recharge, regroup and relax. Living in a big city, it is so nice to visit the Puerto Rican countryside and be pampered by the first rate staff at Villa Montana. The grounds are simply breathtaking. The lawns are well manicured and the bougainvillea, hibiscus and other tropical foliage flourish throughout the area. This year we were pleased to stumble upon the quaint, organic garden and green house. The whole area smells like the herbs and freshly turned soil. The pool areas are relaxing and offer comfortable areas in the sun and the shade. The lounges in the bar area are especially comfortable, even more so, with the creative refreshing drinks made by the friendly, talented and meticulous bartender. The beach chairs and lounges in front of the ocean are plentiful and many can be moved in the shade or the hammocks provide shade with the palms. While the ocean in front is a little rocky, there are plenty of sandy areas to swim . The local dogs and cats provide great entertainment as do the kit surfers, surfers and fishermen. My husband and I love to watch the old local fisherman fish by hand with their leathered hands standing right in the ocean with only fishing line and a hook!The restaurant continues to improve with nuevo cuisine and local favorites. In fact, the chef uses many vegetables, lettuces, and herbs from the organic garden. I had a pumpkin soup that was better than anything I've ever had in Chicago, and the lobster salad was so great I had it twice!My husband and I have had the opportunity to stay in various different villas, including the hotel room, one bedroom villa, and cliffside room. Each room is unique, clean and a mix between Polynesian and Caribbean. The ocean views are great, but the cliffside also has spectacular ocean views and views of the whole grounds. This resort is definitely not in a metropolitan city like San Juan where there are the old standbys of hotels with chains all over. There are definitely snags that don't run as smooth as one of the hotel chains. But, that's part of the charm of Villa Montana. This the puertorican countryside. If service feels slow, or the water doesn't get as hot as you want its because you are in the country. It is a different way of life. It is a happy, laid back, friendly atmosphere--it is all part of the experience. Instead of a rigid, regime-type staff and hotel/resort feel, the staff is friendly and makes it feel as if you are a part of the family and Villa Montana is your home for the length our your stay. We come from a cold city and can't wait for our week at Villa Montana every year to feel warm, relax, and enjoy the company of the staff, owners and guests--snags and all! There is no place we'd rather be.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Most Dreamy and Perfect Wedding! PERFECT, BEAUTIFUL, SPECIAL, ROMANTIC, PARADISE, DREAMY鈥?These are the words I use to describe my wedding at Villa Montana Beach Resort.If you are thinking about planning a wedding at this resort I very much advise you to continue reading this and read the whole thing!Let me start off by saying that my husband and I wanted an intimate and romantic destination wedding on the beach. Of course I had my concerns about planning something with such a distance, but as soon as we went to visit the resort in Aug. 2005 we knew it was perfect. The staff at Villa Montana makes you feel so warm and comfortable, you feel as though it is home not a resort. After a year of planning with our unbelievable wedding coordinator, Diana, the big day arrived. I had high expectations, and I am so happy to say that the resort blew me away. Not only was everything perfect, but it was 110% perfect, more dreamy, more special than I ever imagined. Diana, Jessica and Edna did an outstanding job and worked so incredibly hard for us 鈥?we cannot thank them enough. To go into some details 鈥?we had a BBQ Friday night, where guests danced and ate and really got to know each other. I highly recommend this. It is a great bonding experience for the guests. The setting was so free and relaxing. The bonfire is beautiful. The day of the wedding, Saturday, was perfect. They sent over manicurists, hair and makeup specialists to your villa, where you can have fun, relax with family/friends while overlooking the ocean. I was the most relaxed bride! The actual wedding occurs under the gazebo where the setting is breathtaking. They put so much detail into the flowers, and petals and decoration. During the reception at the Eclipse restaurant, I HIGHLY recommend the Latino band CLASSE APARTE, they are phenomenal!!! Our guests, both American and Canadian, did the salsa and everyone was having the best time. The centerpieces on the tables were so beautiful and the staff at the resort catered to our every last request. Furthermore, we were not ready to end the party at 11 so we moved to the Salon Tamarindo, where guests loved the A/C, as well as the beautifully newly redone Asian influenced lounge. We served desert there and danced. This review could not be over without mentioning the INCREDIBLE chef Jeremy. Not only did people rave about the food at the wedding but he catered to our every need as well, supplying late night goodies when we were hungry. As a testament to the incredible staff at the resort, one of our guests wasn鈥檛 feeling well when she arrived and realized she had an infection. Without hesitation, someone at the resort drove her to get a prescription and helped her with making all the calls. This happened without me knowing and not at my request; it was just friendly and caring staff helping out. To the staff at Villa Montana and especially Diana, thanks a million you made the best night of our lives even better!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wilcoam
<Content>Beautiful, Slow, and Sleepy We were among 60 guests at Villa Montana for a family wedding. The drive from San Juan is anywhere from 90 min to 2 Hrs depending upon traffic. Nice scenery, but very americanized. The resort itself is WONDERFUL. It's a nice contrast to the hustle and bustle of San Juan. It's perfect for a larger group, because it has simple but great amenities, and a very warm cozy atmosphere. The 2 pools are great, the beach is nice. it's a little rocky, but you get used to it, and if you snorkel or scuba, the coral reef is spectacular. There's only one restaurant, but it has inexpensive non-resort prices, and some great local food on the menu. The rooms are nice, especially the 2 bdrm suites. My only complaint is that for the prcies charged, better quality beds n linens should be supplied. Also, the bar closes a little early (11:00 PM) in tune with the sleepy lifetstyle. If it rains, there's not much to do. Lastly, staff moves at snail pace, but that maybe be cultural (lol). It takes forever to get food n drink, but then again, if you are on vacation, sitting on a beach, things could be worse. If you only have a couple of days in Puerto Rico, San Juan would be still be my first choice, but if you have an extended stay, and want out of San Juan, although sleepy,this is a beautiful place to stay, and a healthy change of pace. JCToronto  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Showsheena
<Content>Loved it...planning on marrying there next year! We recently returned from a long weekend stay at the Villa Montana. We were checking it out as a place to possibly have a destination wedding next year....and we put our deposit down today! We were in San Juan last november and this side of the island is so different. Much more tropical and secluded. The resort is just a few minutes from Aguidilla airport, with many direct flights from NY. The staff was lovely and the place is beautiful. We are big travellers and this place just really has a distinct charm. The beach is rocky but we could swim all day with no problem, and it has good snorkeling. The rooms are clean and decorated in a modern caribbean/ bali-ish feel. The resort has great touches everywhere. Beautiful flowers, huge comfortable teak lounge chairs, candles and lanterns. Nice pools, a great playground, tennis courts. There was a wedding going on the weekend we were visiting and the resort did a great job. Everyone who was part of the wedding raved about the entire production. There is also a great horse back riding place next door, with excellent trails and an adorable little bar/garden just a short walk away. I searched for months trying to find a place to get married. The truth is there are fancier places and there are cheaper places.......but taking everything into consideration this is the place!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>answergirl
<Content>Perfect Beach Wedding I got married at Villa Montana Beach Resort in April 2006. My husband, guests and I stayed at the resort for a week and enjoyed wedding parties for three days.Everything about the resort and my wedding was fantastic! My personal organizer (Diana), the chef and the staff did everything they could to make our experience memorable. Diana and I began working together a year before the wedding. Living in Canada and planning on getting married in PR could be quite tricky. I have certainly seen destination weddings go terribly wrong.This was not my expereince at all. Diana helped me every step of the way. Together we organized a three day long party for 110 people that was great value. The guests were impressed by the gorgeous resort and luxurious experience. I was impressed that as a bride, i did not have a worry in the world. Knowing that I could trust the resort to do their very best helped me to enjoy the best day of my life!I would recommend Villa Montana again and again.The set up, the flowers and food and delightful bridy details - rose petals and champagne in my room and the thoughtful staff made everything just right. Each night the celebration was different and magical. The rehearsal dinner on the beach with a Salsa dance lesson and bon fire. The wedding ceremony by the ocean followed by the wonderful meal was a highlight, of course. And to top it all off, brunch the next day was again a celbration of beauty and delight.Villa Montana is a small hotel providing luxurious service, while problems may arrise, the staff does all they can to fix it. Some guests had billing issues which were cleared up, but it's good to review your bill before leaving. When the surroundings are a beautiful as they are a Villa Montana, it is too bad everyone cannot get into the holiday spirit and enjoy where they are.My husband and I plan on celebrating our anniversaries with our new friends at VMBR each and every year! We hope those of you reading this wll try it out for yourselves and make your own wonderful memories.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MBG13
<Content>An Amazing Time We visited Villa Montana over Memorial Day weekend looking for a place to have our wedding next year. We visited many hotels such as Rincon Beach Resort, Caribe Hilton in San Juan, and the like. Although we had a bad experience when we checked in, we immediately fell in love with the place. The owner seems to be regularly on the grounds and is very approachable with a great sense of humor. We saw her decorating the pool area with items she just received from Pottery Barn and it was great to see her excitement in making the resort even more comfortable and beautiful than it was. It was also refreshing to see her passion and dedication to the resort and the fact that she cares enough about the resort to decorate it herself. This is something I am sure you will not see in any hotel 鈥?anywhere. As I mentioned, we had one experience in which ONE particular check-in individual was not friendly and seemed to be in a bad mood. When we mentioned it to management, she immediately corrected the situation and spoke to the individual. This person also apologized. Everyone else was absolutely wonderful 鈥?the bar staff, wait staff, and housekeepers 鈥?everyone was wonderful. Diana, the wedding coordinator and her assistant (Rosio) were also wonderful and listened to our needs and quickly devised a plan for our wedding. We are completely at ease and comfortable that they will take care of everything. I know that I鈥檓 going to have a stress-free wedding and that everything will be taken care of. Best of all, if I need to ask her anything as the date gets closer; she鈥檚 just an email away. The food was delicious and we had the opportunity to meet the chef, whom like the owner was friendly and approachable. He came to our table and spoke to us for a few minutes. At first, I thought that he made it a point to come to our table because we were still undecided about having our wedding there, but then I noticed that throughout the night he visited at least 5-7 other tables. We did wait about 35 minutes for our food 鈥?but trust me it was worth the wait! Absolutely delicious!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wedding in paradise on juune 3, 2006 i attended a wedding at villa montana in isabella puerto rico. everything from the food to the beaches to the the room to the wedding was magical! the wedding planner could not have been more accomadating, Diana made sure everyonre was happy and enjoying themselves. how coul d you not! the beaches are beautiful, such comfortable lounge chairs! the food superb, the wait staff so friendly and helpful. the expierence was heaven o n earth! i can't say enough good things about villa montana, i would recommend the place to anyone! it was heaven on earth. go see for yourself! B everly Pierce  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>love the place May 2005,  Villa Montana Beach Resort I took a trip to Puerto Rico with my family to this hotel and it was one of the best place I have been on. It was absolutely wonderful. It was clean, the service was amazing. My 2 year old daughter was taken by the ladys there. They were so friendly that she was takemn by them. The food was great . Espeacilly the few from the dinning area. The spa was every relaxing. It wasn't loud or crazy with people making noise. Its was just great. everyone was nice. House cleaning was up to standard if i needed anything I would call and get it right away. we were very impressed with there honesty especially when my husband had forgotten to close up his jewerly and he's wallet in a save place that when we got but to the everything was counted for everything was there as we left it. We dont see honesty like that. That was the most impressing thing to see espeacially in the world we live in. We will be there for sure again. this place deserve all the stars.thank you The Sottile family  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful grounds...service/competence is another matter Attended a wedding there. Beautiful surroundings and perfect sunsets every day. I thought, what a way to showcase this place to wedding guests who may make it their own destination in the future. However, service remains to be desired. I stayed at one of the cliffside hotel rooms. At check-in, I asked for a second key to my room. As we were being shown to our rooms, the staff member told me the wrong key was given. Turns out my 2 other friends also were given the wrong second keys. Don't know if it is the front-desk staff or their organization system. Later the first night, the toilet was backed up. Housekeeping came to clean up the mess, but they didn't change the rug placed in front of the commode. It wasn't smelly or anything, just that any one looking at it could tell it was soiled. Next day when we came back from the beach to get ready for the wedding early afternoon, the room was not made. We had to call housekeeping so we could have some fresh towels for the shower. The maid came and said she would come back later to clean the room. What an unpleasant surprise to come back from the wedding to see the room in the same condition we left it. The maid never came. We complained to housekeeping and since we were heading back out again, we asked if they could come even though it was a bit late. Front desk said no problem. Guess what, we came back 2 hours later and still no housekeeping. We gave up. The night before checkout, our party decided to look up our portfolios. My friend saw charges on her bill that was incurred before she even checked in. She got it reversed, but still. My bill was correct so I didn't think much of it. I balked when I got my credit card statement and saw a charge posted on the day after I had checked out. I don't know what is wrong with this place. I had traveled to many places and never had these problems. It's a shame because it is beautiful there. By the way, there is no hotel information in the rooms. You have to ask the front desk about everything. Even the voice messaging system doesn't work. If you follow what's printed on the phone you get a busy signal. My friend got a flashing light but couldn't get to the message. He asked the lady at the front desk and was told to dial a completely different extension and passcode. Some things they do at this place just make you scratch your head.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>restlesstraveler
<Content>Hope you're lucky and don't have problems (unlike us) Villa Montana in theory is a lovely place, but it is marred by disorganization, surliness and incompetence. The good: the restaurant is beautiful and quite yummy. A stellar view and locale! The bad: A few pretty gnarly things that marred what could otherwise have been a pretty good stay.The receptionist checking us in was very surly--clearly in a bad mood and angry at the world. We were on tiptoes hoping we wouldn't ---- her off. She also either misunderstood the concept of a pre-paid hotel via Expedia or was deliberately trying to rip us off by charging us twice. She asked for proof of purchase--copies of our voucher. This is NOT how the Expedia system works...you simply pay online and show up at the hotel--you don't need copies or a voucher. Also--don't you just love feeling like staff feel like they're doing you a favor? It's not a good feeling to spend several hundred dollars feel you're putting someone out. This shows that the hotel does not have its act together and is not focused on service. The rooms are also organized by a bizarre, nonsensical numbering system. The hotel keys don't match up to the actual numbers of the rooms. Why? Who knows. They also volunteered to have a valet take us to our room when we didn't want it at all...(The room was very closeby and it was obvious where we needed to go). We had to wait 10 minutes for a seemingly non-value add valet experience and feel awkwardly obligated to award a tip.We also got royally screwed on the bill. We pre-paid for a stay in March via Expedia--but then had a mystery charge show up on our AMEX in May for 290 some dollars. This is either utter billing incompetence or a fraudulent attempt to get more money out of us. We are pursuing action to avoid being taken advantage of. This incident reverses any niceness of the stay itself and makes me wish I had paid the extra dough to stay somewhere else.Oh yeah, and totally rule out the fitness center as being of any worth.Lastly, the property is not worth the money paid. It was cute enough and the restaurant was nice enough that I was willing to overlook that and say hey, at least we're in a cool, authentic part of PR but the billing issues put me on the side of judging it as a waste. To all considering going there -- go if you don't place a value on service and just want to check out that part of the island. However, I do hope you don't experience issues!  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice when theres not a wedding We really liked this place, its great and out of the way. Surf in the area is nice and the staff is great. The one big problem was there was a wedding there for three days. Two of those days they wanted to serve us food in the little confrence room away from the beach and next to the gym. The highlight is the restaurant and bar, when thats closed you loose a lot. When its the last day of your wedding anniversary holiday and you can't go to the restaurant on the beach or any other, its not so great. Place is great staff is nice but management seems off. Cheers  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dream Come True Wedding I was married at Villa Montana resort on December 2, 2005. It truely was a dream come true for me. Since I was a child I have always dreamed of getting married on the beach in Puerto Rico. When I saw your resort it was as if God answered my prayers. From first sight to completion my expectation were exceeded. My husband and I are Puerto Rican and we live in New Jersey. My wedding planner Monique Ruiz was phenomenal and cannot go without special mention. Wether dealing with a changing of the date, setting up special accomodations for my guest or making sure a piece of my wedding dress was afixed to the bottom of my bouquet, she went out of her way to satisfy my every wish. I am forever grateful to her passion and devotion to making our dream come true. Although I could write endlessly about every detail that was attended to , I could never do them justice with words. I would just like to send you a very sincere heartfelt thank you. I will be eternally grateful to you and your staff (Jessica, Diana,and the girls in the front desk) for your dedication to making my dreams come true. That special day will be forever branded into the memory of myself, my husband, my family and friends. With sincere gratitude Anderson  Teresa  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Peaceful Place but Poorly maintained Very peaceful location, not at all touristy. The beach is rough but very enjoyable. Nothing was crowded. The food was good. A little boring for the teenagers but they loved the sun and surf. The problem with the place is they don't maintain the rooms well enough. We rented a 3 bedroom. We had plenty of space but had the following problems:toilet clogged twice, kitchen sink clogged, light bulbs kept going out, flood in kitchen, broken coffee pot, cable tv remotes difficult to figure out, chaise lounge missing a cushion, broken umbrella on patio. The issue I have is they are not very quick to fix your problem. Some of them were never fixed. It got old after 5 nights. The help is very nice but they can't resolve many of the problems.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>toothsleuth
<Content>beautiful grounds Property is beautiful, unfortunately weather was horrible. Lost power twice, once at night; but not one of the staff called or checked to see if we needed anything such as flashlights/candles. Beach was very rocky, lots of sea urchins. If you have kids wear water shoes. My kids enjoyed the dogs, most seemed to be staff members animals and very clean and friendly. Restaurant food was fair, expensive. Bar staff very helpful. Loved 1867 restaurant,awesome food, kids menu, fair prices. Empanadilla stand around the corner from hotel was awesome, CHEAP EATS!! 1 Bdrm/1bath was adequate for 2 Adults/2 kids, kitchen supplies needed to be replenished, had 2 fry pans, no spoons, etc. Rock climbing was $35per hour for each kid so we skipped it, but horse back riding was $35 for 2 hr trail ride and was perfect for all ages. Camuy Caves was worth the drive, approx 1 1/2 hr away. Pools are both wonderful. Tennis courts well maintained, All said it was a nice property but overpriced for amenities.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fcsmom
<Content>less than expected this 27 room hotel is actually a small hotel housed within a huge condo development so bewarewe were guaranteed a 'garden style hotel room' only to be housed in a condo room high on a hillside atleast a 1/4 mile from the beach and hotel sitenot what it was billed  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Canines in Paradise Villa Montana has beautifully maintained grounds, with flowering shurbs and well manicured lawns. Beach was nice and the lounge chairs were comfortable to relax by the ocean. Rooms were nice and the food was more than adequate at the resort. My only complaint was about the number of dogs that were loose and housed at the resort. Dogs on the beach, dogs barking at all hours, and yes even in the restaurant one day. Maybe I'm in the minority but I found this extremely annoying, sorry. I do believe this diminished our experiece at the resort otherwise I would have rated it as above average.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>overniteTPE
<Content>Recommend 2 Bed/2 Ba Villa, 4 persons, 5 nites.Overall --our ratings: USA=7, PR =9.Remote location and hard to find.Rent a car; get hotel directions anddon't drive via Isabella. Villas are 2 story condo's, duplex/triplexnot bungalows and their features vary.Kitchen was fine; had own laundry.Were broken and got fixed: hair dryer,deck umbrella, bed frame, tree trimming.Fine room cleaning, very fine grounds.moderately reponsive front desk/mgmt.Pools very nice; beach okay, but big wavesand some rocks. Nice beach chairs.little water sports on site.Restaurant very good and $$$.Did 4 neighbor dinner restaurants: Pomador, 1897, OceanFront, Villa Har,Happy Belly, also shopped at local COOPand made own breakfasts.Some noisy kids in bldg, but generallyupscale place. No smells, few bugs,(a few stray dogs and cats).age 64  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experiance       Our Perfect Wedding Day!! Thank you!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BeckyandMike
<Content>Quiet Seclusion?!? I think NOT!!! This is a quote from Villa Montana's website: Villa Montana is the perfect location for your romantic getaway.... (the) Villa Montana Resort nestles in the quiet seclusion of its primeval natural Caribbean splendor. It is true that the resort's location is beautiful. The beach is nice, and so was our villa. BUT...what do you get when you introduce LOTS and LOTS of wedding guests and LOTS AND LOTS of really loud music into this natural Caribbean splendor? You get a vacation that is a lot less fun for at least some of the resort's non-wedding guests.My husband and I booked a three-night romance package at Villa Montana. Included with our package was one romantic dinner at the Eclipse Restaurant. When we checked in we made dinner reservations for that evening. Much to our disappointment, a pre-wedding barbeque was just beginning when we arrived at the restaurant, and the music was so loud that my husband and I had to shout to hear one another. We asked our waitress if the music could be turned down, but she informed us that it could not be. She offered us a different table away from the speakers (and, incidentally, the beach). We decided to move, but the music was still WAY too loud. We tried not to let it ruin our evening, but it was hard. The food was okay but the service was very slow.The second evening of our stay, dining at the Eclipse was not an option, as it had been moved to an indoor (and stuffy, according to several guests we talked to the next morning) location in order to accommodate the wedding ceremony and the reception that followed. We cooked our own dinner in our villa, which was actually a lot of fun. The problem, though, was that the reception music went on late into the evening (till at least 11:30) and we had to listen to the thump, thump of the bass that entire time. Even with our windows closed and the A/C turned on it was still way too loud. The following morning when we arrived at the Eclipse for breakfast, the beachfront tables were all reserved for the post-wedding brunch. We were not allowed to use the buffet as we had been the previous morning because it was (not suprisingly) reserved for wedding guests. When we were finally seated, our waitress told us that we would have to order a la carte service. This would ordinarily not be a problem; however, a la carte service at the Villa Montana means that you will have to wait an hour for eggs that, when they finally arrive at your table, will be cold. And I hope you don't want salt or pepper because it won't be on your table and you won't get it even if you ask twice. And bring your own coffee from your room, because the servers are going to be too busy replentishing the wedding buffet to pour you any....We complained to management about the disappointing service and all the loud music, and the resort gave us a second dinner on the house. Our second experience was much better in that there was no loud music and we had a lovely beachfront table. We weren't in a rush at all, but the service was still incredibly slow. It wasn't just us, either; the people at the table next to ours complained when we sat down that they had already waited 45 minutes for their soup. I suppose we were so disappointed about our entire stay that even though we felt this second romantic dinner was a nice gesture, it was too little too late. Plus, this second dinner that was supposed to be on the house appeared on our bill when we checked out!! We had to explain the situation to the front desk clerk and ask her to take it off.When we checked into our villa, we discovered that the cable t.v. didn't work. We called the front office and a young man came out and told us that he couldn't fix it that evening but that he would make sure that the cable company came out the following day. When we arrived back in our villa after 6 p.m. the following evening, nobody had come. We called the office a second time, and a different young man told us that he hadn't been on duty the previous day and that he knew nothing about our request to have our t.v. fixed. He agreed to come to our villa to see if he could do anything, and it turned out that all he had to do was switch our cable box with a different one that worked. Why couldn't this have been done the first time we called the office? If the first young man thought the cable company had to come out, then why didn't he see that the cable company was called? This is not a huge deal, but it is yet another example of poor guest services at the Villa Montana.My husband and I are actually NOT very hard to please! I have written perhaps a dozen reviews on Trip Advisor and this is the only time I have scored a property less than four stars. The first half of our time in Puerto Rico, we stayed at the Copamarina Beach Resort in Guanica, and we enjoyed ourselves very much. The Copamarina delivered on a quiet, secluded vacation. We wish we could say the same about the Villa Montana, but we can't. If you are looking for nightlife, stay in San Juan. If you are looking for seclusion and romance, definitely stay somewhere besides the Villa Montana!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>NewYork_NYMoso
<Content>Secluded Hideaway thats also great for families Recently stayed at Villa Montana for 10 days. Whole clan on vacation, including grandparents and 4 little kids. Took a 3-bedroom villa - the terrace alone was larger than some hotel rooms. Everyone had a great time - and we stayed on the resort the whole time (except for one short afternoon drive and a couple of runs to the local Walmart for groceries). The facilities are fabulous, two clean pools, great tennis courts, and a huge playground that the little ones loved. The main attraction was the beach though. There is a beautiful beachfront restaurant/bar at the resort and the beach itself is natural beauty at its finest. The lounge chairs provided by the resort are as comfortable as beds, and the ocean itself is fantastic. Just a great place to relax without sacrificing amenities, and an unbeatable value for the Caribbean as well. The non-stop service from New York to Aguadilla (10 minutes from resort) is a must and makes the resort that much more attractive.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tamiris
<Content>Wonderful Villa Montana We recently spent 4 nights at the Villa Montana, on the northwest corner of Puerto Rico. It was lovely!Our first night was in what they call a hotel room, a single room in one of the many small buildings spread throughout the resort. Then we moved into a one-bedroom villa, again a part of a two-unit building. Since we were there during the first half of December, there were special rates available. For the $40 difference in price, there was no comparison between the 2 units; the villa was MUCH nicer than the hotel room. It had a beautiful, high-ceilinged living room, a kitchenette, a beautiful high-ceilinged bedroom, and a nice bathroom. The living room and bedroom had large windows and large sliding glass doors, for plenty of light, and both windows and doors had shutters on either side that we opened at night. The cross-ventiliation was so good we were able to turn off the A/C. (There are ceiling fans, also.)There are two smallish pools, beautiful grounds, an uncrowded beach - all-in-all, it is extremely relaxing. The open-air restaurant/bar is between the pool and the beach; the massage room is an open-air room over the restaurant, overlooking the beach. Having a massage with the sound of the surf crashing on the shore was heavenly!The service was excellent, the food was very good (the largest continental breakfast we have ever seen!), the setting is beautiful. The drive to the San Juan airport was just about 2 hours, so we had no problem getting there for a 3 pm plane (except for the signs going into the airport). We stayed at the resort for most meals. The menu selection wasn't large, but certainly adequate, and if you don't mind driving, there are other restaurants not too far away.We would love to go back, but only to stay in a villa, not a hotel room.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shilpav
<Content>Save your money!!!!!Stay Elsewhere!!!   showReview(4148109, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The wedding of my Dreams   showReview(3705765, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Home Away From Home   showReview(3536178, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, peaceful resort and comments on other reviews   showReview(3184361, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Princess_Mom
<Content>Lovely, secluded, very laid back   showReview(2993800, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice setting, horrible service   showReview(2148956, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and peaceful getaway   showReview(2094729, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>artsguy48
<Content>Mixed Revews for Villa Montana   showReview(1717648, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spartaninpr
<Content>Romantic honeymoon   showReview(1627804, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nightmare Montana   showReview(4995770, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

