<Author>BrigitteMalessa
<Content>Good value Really nice hotel. Great rate. Easy walk to all night eateries and local bars. Really friendly locals in the neighborhood. Make you feel right at home! Hotel very nice. Very clean, very up to date.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrssozymc
<Content>Good stopover hotel A bit shabby but good for a stopover. The room was clean but the bathroom was a bit mouldy. The lobby area, bar and restaurant are nice but the outside needs a good lick of paint.There's 2 pools which were both quite nice, one on the ground overlooking the golf course and 1 on the 8th floor with views out to sea.The surrouding area is quite interesting with some great outdoor fooderies just down the road. The best by far is the furthest one from the hotel on the same side of the road. It's called Changi Teochew Kitchen and the food and service is fantastic. Highlights are chilli crab and cereal prawns.The hotel is also directly accross from the ferry terminal where you can catch a bumboat accross to Palau Ubin. It only costs $2.50 each way and is a good place to kill a few hours biking around the island spotting butterflies and wild pigs!Overall a good hotel although for 拢106 a night could be a bit better.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>harry_1979
<Content>The hotel service sucks I happen to stay here after zouk out as all hotel at sentosa fully booked. It's been a long time I wanted to try to stay here. But unfortunately, my stay wa terrible due to the rude staff at the hotel.From the moment I check in, the front desk staff already rude to me. I book a executive room. THe front desk don't even bother to explain to me the benefits and details. The room is fine with all modern amenities. Thumbs up for that only its a bit small for executive room.Secondly during breakfast, I have to check many times as the staff told me my breakfast not included. After about 30 min, then only the staff told me its included. The communication is bad. The service at the restaurant I'm having breakfast also bad.I likely recommend to any people out there that thinks they paying for the service in a four star. Maybe you can get just a 2 star service.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	3	4	1	2	4	

<Author>Jennifer_UK
<Content>Convenient stopover with shuttle to/from airport We chose this hotel as a convenient stopover near the airport for a one-night stay, having already spent two days in Singapore on our way out from London to Sydney. There is an hourly shuttle service from the airport, taking about 10 mins (airport staff don't seem to be aware of this and advised us to take a taxi).I would not recommend this hotel if it is all you are going to see of Singapore - there are much smarter hotels in the city which are within easy reach of the airport by MRT train and not necessarily more expensive. However, if you want somewhere quiet in an area of the city that is frequented by native Singaporeans rather than tourists, this hotel is for you.The pool area is used for weddings so may not be accessible at all times. We used it early in the morning (before a wedding) so that was OK. You can see aircraft from the pool area but it is not a really great view, as some reviewers suggest.The nearby Changi Beach has a pleasant walkway and is popular with locals, though not the cleanest beach we have seen. There are plenty of inexpensive restaurants as well as shops near the hotel, but for a real Singapore experience, go to the hawkers market where fresh fish, sugar cane juice and other delicious dishes are prepared in the little stalls. You can take away or eat onsite, and the place buzzes with local people enjoying their meals. Great food and great value too!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bluedogbrownrabbit
<Content>A relaxing and peaceful neighborhood of Singapore Advantages:Less than 15 minutes from airport; spotlessly clean; in a comfortable, green neighborhood with convenience stores, pubs, and a few dozen small restaurants - offering many kinds of Singaporean  Asian cuisine, and also pizza  other western foods. This hotel is especially nice if you want a peaceful, quiet layover in a semi-residential, low-rise area of Singapore and don't care about being in the hustle and bustle of the commercial areas. There is a bus stop near the hotel entrance for people who wish to see more of Singapore. From my room, I could see the bay, and watch (but not hear) airplanes coming in for a landing. Also, the gym is quite good for a hotel this size. A good selection of new treadmills, ellipticals, etc, and a few weight machines and free weights. Service at the hotel, overall, was quite good. Rooms seem to be recently refurbished  quite comfortable. Disadvantages: Not many tv channels (only a half-dozen from outside Singapore; does get cnn and espn); expensive internet ($27 Singapore for 24 hours). Food in the restaurants: so-so, typical hotel menu  buffets, and not cheap, but who cares when there are a few dozen casual eateries just a minute's walk away?  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Weatherby
<Content>Remote Hotel in Village Setting Changi Village Hotel is a nice modern hotel in a somewhat remote location on the Singapore island. We lived in Singapore for six years. As a result, we know this island inside and out. . We decided to return after three years for a 10 day vacation and knew exactly where we wanted stay. Five days on Orchard (Park Royal) and five days in Changi Village. If you are interested in a taste of local life then this area and hotel are ideal. If you are interested in high end shopping, high end restaurants and entertainment, this is not the place. Walk out the door to experience the many local food restaurants (Jacob's Caf茅 is a great little restaurant), small shops and market catering to the locals and just the ambience of local life. There is a recently built beautiful walkway along the coast and wonderful parks just to sit and watch the boats and planes go by. If you really want to go back in time, for of a couple of dollars pop over to Pulau Ubin island from the Changi Jetty for a bike ride. For us, this area was meant for relaxing and taking long walks. The hotel will take you into town free of charge and to/from the airport. We were impressed with our room (7th floor) with a view of the water. Contrary to a previous reviews, they do provide free toiletries, free internet, free bottled water, etc. - we stayed in a Deluxe room at approx $150US a night. I would call the hotel personnel somewhat welcoming but with a focus on efficiency. The bed and room was clean and modern. What we were surprised about was the bathroom. There was black mold in the bathroom tiles and the shower had a design flaw which resulted in water all over the floor after a shower. Having lived in Singapore, we know mold is a problem but both of these could and should have been taken care of. Regardless, we would recommend this hotel if you are looking for local experience and relaxation.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>meowcsj
<Content>Not a getaway Wanted to have a relaxing getaway. However it turn out not to be.The room is crampy, so it the bathroom.The pool overlook the sea with no great scenes.The dinner is of limited choices.There aren't any great place nearby.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>blenheim72
<Content>Not a good choice My wife and I stayed in this hotel on a one night stopover in Singapore. We chose it as it was close to the airport. However, it is a good 15 minute drive in the shuttle which is not much less than staying downtown. The hotel is a bit shabby for its rating and is more or less in the middle of nowhere. The biggest problem was that our room overlooked the lobby/restaurant atrium and all day and most of the night we were subjected to the noise of what seemed to be china and cutlery being tossed around continually! The atrium appeared to channel the noise up to our room and this was coupled with little sound proofing.Having said that, the shuttle to/from the airport was fine and the hotel had some decent facilities. Anyone staying there would be advised to decline a room that faces on to the atrium!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Trinidude
<Content>Very Relaxing Place nice and quiet-Great Hotel This hotel was a pleasant surprise, I needed a quiet place to unwind and this place fitted the bill. I loved sitting on the roof in the evenings sipping my cold beer and watching the planes line up in the distance very quiet for a hotel around 3 kms from the airport.Nice rooms, Good restaurant and spa laundry rates are a bit expensive though.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	3	3	

<Author>DonegalLassies
<Content>EXCELLENT, Stunning, Fabulous The place and service was fabulous!! The people were so kind and nothing was too much trouble; the roof top pool was lovely where we watched the planes go by at night.There was a free/happy hour bar for the Exeuctive guests.The place was spotless, hygiene was never a question!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andricAustralia
<Content>Good value Good value hotel accommodation with all the basic requirements. Beautiful roof pool and excellent quality restaurants. Also, lots of cheap places to eat nearby. Not the best location however if you want to be near the malls and metro system.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>tyrael_06
<Content>TERRIBLE experience! Disappointing for a 4-stars. First of all, location is bad - it's like one isolated end of Singapore. But since my partner wanted to try this hotel (because their exterior is very nice), so we decided to give this a shot. So claiming that it is a 4-stars hotel, we definitely have our expectations. And in fact, we have only been staying in 4-5 stars hotels in Singapore. We do know the local standards and benchmark. Upon checking in, we requested for a king sized bed, yet to our amaze, the reception said only Luxury rooms can have king size, the remaining less luxury rooms will be merged with 2 single beds. To avoid further inconvenience for the hotel, we went along with the merging of the beds. Inside the room, there was no basic stuffs e.g. room slippers, dental kit, bottled toiletries! There was this 3-in-1 dispenser with your all multi-purpose use - it can act as a shower foam, shampoo and conditioner. No iron nor iron-board even. We requested for make-up room before we left for our dinner. And to come back from our dinner and see our room still in the same messy state. And worst of all, we found one creepy crawler the next morning.Come to think of it, this is a 4-stars hotel, and this is what I get.Enough said.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	2	

<Author>Karta_Mita
<Content>Not bad at all and Good Value for money This was supposed to be a stop over and a short stop that was a reasonable distance from the airport but still able to reach the city. Well it is a long drive from the city and a 15 minute plus trip from the airport so I do not think it has the advantage of being close to the airport as at the early hours of the morning or weekend you can make the airport from the city in about 20 minutes and around the same price for the taxi fare. However, what I can say is that the place is clean, the staff are fine and the rooms are suitable for anyone wishing to stay for a few days without the additional cost of city hotels. The rooms are good, small but clean and recently renovated. I found the downstairs to be nicely setup and the breakfast was good. This place is a solid 4 star without the hoopla and tha heavy price. The nearby village is fine and it is a good place to stop on the way to somewhere else. I stayed at the club level and the facilities were fine. Nothing out of this world but good if you are travelling and wanted a few drinks and snacks before heading out for a night.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Treeee
<Content>Most things ok except the NOISE I recently stayed here as a 1 day stopover, to break up our return home from europe.I wasn't particularly fussed on what we had as long as it was covenient for access to the airport as I wanted to spend the day before our next flight at the zoo (as opposed to staying in transit in the Singapore airport airside hotel).Overall, decor was average - a little tired with some stains on the ceilings  walls where there obviously been a leak of some sort, but the room was clean.I didn't really have any complaints for what I was looking for - except fo the noise at night. The a/c would turn itself on/off  I don't know if it was the ducts or lifts but every 15 mins or so you could hear a very loud generator sounding noise ramp up  down - very frustrating when you want to catchup on sleep after long travels. The walls are also particularly thin so late at night when some businessmen were returning from their night out, you could here them yelling/opening doors/cabinets in their rooms.If you must stay here for rest, I'd suggest asking reception for a very quiet room.Room service was prompt  the delivery people were polite, food servings were huge but the western food was average  rather expensive.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Global-Kochevar
<Content>It was great       Hotel room  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JamieCLondon
<Content>I think not I stopped in Singapore both ways en-route to Australia to make the journey easier, the first stop over was spent in the city which I enjoyed . The second was an overnight stop in the Changi Village. BIG MISTAKE.Main reason for booking was the close proximity to the airport and what looked like nice rooms. Arriving at 9pm and leaving at 12pm I was looking for somewhere to sleep and relax, and that was all.I was given a single beds which I was told to just move together to make a double. They were unable to give me anything else.It took me 5 minutes to walk to the room they had given me, through a maze of dark corridors. It was right in the back corner of the hotel.The room was a good size. The beds were hard as rocks. The bathroom was not entirely clean. And you could not open the window (I was on the 2nd floor). Why hotels don't have windows is beyond me.After the walk to the room and a 10 hour flight all's I wanted was a cold beer to relax. Alas there was nothing in the mini bar. After calling reception it turns out that house keeping hadn't stocked that room as no one was supposed to be in it. Some 20 minutes later they finally came and filled it up with warm beer and waters.My recommendations. Don't stay here. A taxi will take an extra 20 minutes into the city where you can get much better hotels at the same, if not cheeper rates. This place is not worth it. I'm 28 and have stayed in hotels all over the world and feel compelled to advise you not to stay here.Oh and do heed the warnings on the taxi journeys. The will try to take you on a full loop around the entire airport perimeter. I pulled my guy up when I knew he was doing this and refused to pay what was on the meter.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>LoolooWestMidlands
<Content>how not to make a gin and tonic The exterior of the hotel is shabby and the hotels shuttle bus that picked us up from the airport is equally tatty. The reception staff were cool - not particularly welcoming and the porter quite off hand. When we arrived in our room there were workers in the room next door banging away. After some while of this we asked if they could stop as we were desperate for a sleep as we were on our way to the UK from Australia and facing a 13 and a half hour flight next day. Despite three requests they did not stop banging. Admittedly they did eventually offer us an alternative room but by then we had unpacked and really did not want to move. There was no chance of rest. We decided to go out for dinner at 7pm they were still banging when we got back at nine. Despite having an executive room the facilities were poor - one tiny bottle of shampoo, horrible coffee and creamer instead of milk for tea making. The TV did not have the channels the manual claimed it to haveThe pool on the eighth floor looked inviting and it was but the spa didn't work. We made the mistake of going to the bar for a drink - Gin and tonic with flat tonic, no lemon and one ice cube which took ages to arrive. The breakfast was awful. Despite asking for the apple juice jug to be replenished it never was, the orange juice was from concentrate, there was white bread only for toast, some of the plates and dishes were still dirty. No way would I recommend this hotel  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>qprjames
<Content>Good stop over hotel, going a little downhil! This was my second stay. Used again as a overnight stopover. gain the hotel is pleasent an quite modern. The gym is very ood, the pool is fantastic. the rooms however are strting to look a little dated. I booked under an excusive packag.there was nothing really exclusive about it! the executive lounge was a small glorified breakfast room. te happy hour was a non-even with poor finger fod. The breakfast in the executive lounge was also a joke. Just go to the main breakfast room if you can (which again was nothing special).The majority of guests i spoke to had poblems with management here. Guests were forced to wait until a certain time until check in. I witnessed an amercan tourist told to wait longer as he lost his temper (which was slighlty amusing!). The shuttle staff were quite rude. The shuttle is free but a good 20 min drive. I have booked the new crown plaza hotel terminal 3 for my next stay. Shame, as i really did quite like this hotel but i expect it to get even worse as imes goes by.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mattam-pl
<Content>Far from the best of hotels has its pluses Possibly a 3* hotel but will not be the greatest of 3* experiences however:- it is quite close to the airport - 8-10 mins (perhaps 12 SGD but you can also take the shuttle bus that runs hourly);- I'd skip the breakfast unless you absolutely need fodder in the morning;- I'd ask for renovated room (the ones that weren't recently renovated are... well... worn...);- next to the Changi's famous food court - good food and drinks in the evening (when I went for stalls that had recommendations displayed never was disappointed) - I was told 'locals' head here for weekend as the food is so good in places;- next to bum boat pier and thus 30 minutes away from Pulau Ubin (the nature getaway for locals - or so I'm told) - I actually enjoyed the island - I think you can also take a boat ride to other Malaysian islands from here;- I like this Changi area as it is not as sterile as the rest of Singapore and does have a bit of that disappearing Asian Climate;- something like 30 minutes and 18 SGD away by taxi from Clarke Quey, City, and/or the Zoo; there are many buses from the area that I've used in the past - was a bit low on time this time though.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>amp17201
<Content>Decent hotel for my needs       The room layout. Deluxe room?  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Cessna152
<Content>Stayed on an overnight stop Difficult to judge this hotel as we only stopped on route back to London from Vietnam.However brief impressions: room was good and comfortable, although there was no shampoo / soap or bathroom bits.Hotel was $ S 15 from the Airport by taxi (30 mins) and the same to downtown. Breakfast was good although we were in a rush to get back to the Airport. Would not recommend this as a city central hotel (as per the previous review) - try the Oriental (we stayed here for three days last year). However the Changi Village is excellent for an airport / stop over hotel and fits this bill better. Dine out on Clark Key or Boat Key for a good Singapore experience.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Sammy77
<Content>Beware- Location is at one end of singapore We just got back from a tour of hkg and Singapore  i chose to stay at changi coz i didnt have much time to book my hotel and this place was one of the only ones available.The hotel is located at one end of singapore, you need a cab to get in  out of the hotel.If you are a tourist,I recommend you look elsewhere to stay while in singapore.There are no MRT connections to this hotel,the closest MRT is about a 20 minutes cab ride away.I had to take a cab each time i walked out of the hotel to go anywhere.The rooms are okay, a bit jaded.The floor i stayed on was quite busy and noisy( I could here the guests in the lobby loud and clear at around 12.30 am which sucked coz i only had 2 days in singapore and wanted to visit the most places as i could. Staff in the hotel was pretty slow and I thought was amateurish(had no clue how to get anywhere in singapore.)All in all, I would suggeststay at this hotel if you have plenty of time and money to spare(coz the rooms are relatively affordable but otherwise there's nothing else here)  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>DavidMTexas
<Content>A Total Disaster Staying at Changi Village - A Far East Hotel was a complete disaster for me and my wife. We arrived at Changi Airport around 1:30 am from Chicago using United Airline. We got picked up by their shuttle. The driver was very rude and we couldn't understand what he was trying to say. He shoved us to the back seats. We arrived at the hotel around 2 am. The front desk wasn't too happy to see us. She handed us our keys and when we were about to ask her a question or two, she refused to answer them, let alone looking at us. Yes, we were tired so we had to let it go. Their website mentioned about Complementary shuttle, but yet we got charged for it. WOW. We stayed at the hotel for 5-6 hours. Our next flight was at 10 am. We asked them whether we could get a discount for the hotel because their website mentions that any travellers using Singapore Airlines shall be granted discounts. Guess, what, the front desk refused. WOW.My advice: STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD. Feel free to contact me anytime you want. I am here and I am certainly not going anywhere.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>fabholslover
<Content>ok, but... stayed at the Changi Village for a one night stopover in August enroute to Bali with Husband and Daughter. Found the hotel, room  bathroom all fine - everything clean  functional (bathroom looked fairly new, toiletries fine  shower great - just what was needed after a long flight from UK). Bedroom was a little on the small side but we were, overall, pleasently, surprised (especially after reading some of the previous tripadvisor reviews).Was a little annoyed that my request for an extra bed (at extra charge) had been overlooked. Reception staff looked almost surprised when I pointed out that we had asked for this - despite it being on my booking confirmation but I was assured that the bed would be set up while we were having our evening meal. Ate from the buffet in the hotel (daughter too tired to venture out!)  have to say it was excellent - good choices, piping hot with dishes constantly refreshed. I note the negative comments re the buffet but we had no complaints (and we are very 'picky' when it comes to food). It was very early, however, so maybe the standards drop later in the evening - I don't know.So far so good.The rest, I'm afraid, is a sorry tale - the extra bed for my daughter turned out to be a complete waste of time as it was so uncomfortable that she actually woke in the middle of the night in pain (we took the sheets off and found an old folding bed with a worn mattress which you could feel every spring through - including some rather nasty sharp points). To cut a long story short we ended up having an almighty row with the young girl at reception the next morning when we asked her to take the cost of the bed from our bill as we were unable to use it. I won't go into details except to say that 'customer service' does not figure here!!! (I especially liked the comment that it was far too early in the morning to 'bother' any management representative!!!!) God help anyone who has a major problem.Surfice to say that we won't be spending any more nights at this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mollusc
<Content>very disappointing for the price Stayed at this hotel overnight between connecting flights.This hotel is not close to the airport and for the price is very disappointing.Rooms were very small and the hallways and lifts were a bit grubby.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>GromitAustralia
<Content>Watch out for the taxi scam! I had a stopover in Singapore - a place that I visit on a regular basis - and because of the ASEAN conference all my usual hotels were fully booked.My travel agent found the Changi Village and I gave it a go.The hotel was ok but I found mold around the bath tub. Otherwise ok.To get to the hotel I took a taxi which cost a total of S$15.However, my return to Changi airport I asked for a taxi and was ushered off to a van taxi. There was no mention of a special airport taxi. After getting to the terminal building I was expecting about a $15 ride so I was very surprised when the driver asked me for S$35! I remonstrated with him but he said that it was a special taxi for the airport. After being very annoyed I paid in Australian Dollars as I didn't have that much Singapore Dollar. So, be warned. The porters at the hotel automatically point you to this van scam if you ask for a taxi to the airport.After all my years in Singapore, I have never had this sort of trick played on me before. Very disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Malingshu
<Content>Good transit hotel Changi Village is a good transit hotel if you don't want to stay in the airport and can't be bothered paying for a taxi to the CBD or Orchard Road. The main advantage is the free shuttle bus to/from the airport - ask at the hotel booking desk in the terminal and they will call the hotel to let them know you've arrived. You might have to wait half an hour for pick-up. The shuttle leaves the hotel to the airport every hour, and is a fast and efficient way of getting there on time.Changi Village has a quiet, laid back atmosphere. There are plenty of places to eat on the mainstreet, and there's a hawker centre behind the shops near the bus station. Don't feel you have to stick with the hotel restaurant. If you want to stay in Singapore and see the sights or do some shopping then don't stay at Changi Village - it's too far away from where the action is. But, if you want somewhere to sleep overnight in transit, then it's reasonably priced and convenient.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>bowdenj
<Content>Great hotel close to airport       Le Meridien Changi Village Singapore  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	3	3	

<Author>chrisgp
<Content>Declining standards Stayed at this hotel on 3 seperate occasions, and standards keep slipping.First time: Dec 24-26 2004Was very pleased with the sea-facing deluxe room with a balcony. Room was small (but the rooms here all are), furniture was new, and the balcony was fantastic. This was the time of the asian tsunami. Hotel was still managed by the Meridien chain then, and standards were pretty good.Second time: mid-2005Booked a room on the club floor, hoping to get a room similar to my last visit. Pleasantly surprised when given a large corner room, racing the greenery with sitting area. Breakfast and tea at the club lounge was good too, as was the italian restaurant on the roof La Cantina.Gym was wonderful too.Vowed to return. Third and last time: Dec 2005Booked a club room again. Absolute disaster after hotel stopped being called Changi Meridien.First, paid premium for club floor only to find out that the lounge was closed. Second, breakfast at the coffeehouse at the lobby was horrid, having no seats as the place was full of screaming kids and families. It made me wonder why i bothered to pay extra in the first place. Third, cocktails at the lounge downstairs were a joke. FInally, the room was just a standard room and I could see wear and tear.When I complained to the manager at the end of my stay, he just shrugged his shoulders and told me to write in formally. What nonsense.I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>PhTravelling_Guy
<Content>Nice Rain Shower, Terrible Location I loved the rain shower. I have to get myself one of those! Decor wise, the room was OK. Trying to impart a cool vibe but only partly succeeding. And is it my imagination or are the beds a bit low to the floor? The breakfast buffet was average, the waitstaff disorganized. The biggest drawback, however, is location. Changi Village is way-out in the boondocks (relatively, this is Singapore, after all). Taxi to Orchard will easily cost you SGD20+ and I never saw the alleged complementary shuttle to the airport - from which you could, if you were so inclined, take the MRT to Orchard or wherever else in Singapore you want to go.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ciprofloxacin
<Content>Last Resort The only value to this hotel is its proximity to the international airport  easy access to the Loyang Industrial Area.Service pretty lousy, front desk just about the worst I have encountered as a tourist or commercial traveller.Now recovering from my second burst of camphylobacter. Both have been as a direct result of eating at the restaurant/ room service at this hotel.Best advice - avoid both!Recommend the Ming Clinic, Camden Medical Centre - close to Orchard Road on 62358166 for an efficient  effective solution. Taxi $ 20 from Changi Village, appointment not necessary.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>ALR
<Content>Something Different! On a recent trip from Sydney to Amsterdam, we decided to have a one night stop-over in Singapore to break the trip. Having done the same thing last year we wanted to do something a little different and as we only had the one night  not particularly interested in shopping, we chose to stay near the Airport.Changi Village is just that. Small, mostly outdoor restaurants  small shops plus a giant food hall  markets. Very different to downtown Singapore.The Changi Village Hotel was fine. We did not hear planes flying overhead at all. We had asked for a quiet room  that is what we got. The hotel is not 5 star but more than adequate. The room was a good size, clean  overlooked the golf course. We ate a buffet breakfast in the hotel and there was a good selection to choose from. We also organised a late check out (6pm) as we did not fly out till after 11pm. This cost us an extra $S80 but well worthwhile. During our day in Changi we took a bum boat to the nearby island of Pulau Ubin. Not a lot there but you can hire bikes or just walk around the island which is not a bad idea given that you know you are going to spend 12 hours sitting on a plane after already sitting for 8 hours the previous day!We ate at one of the outdoor restaurants. It was fine. There are a few up-market places if you prefer.All in all a good place to stop off if you are looking for something a little bit different.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>horhay
<Content>OK but not great Like many other reviewers, we stayed here for 1 night because the transit hotel was booked out. We paid a bit more for a deluxe room based on some of the other reviews. The room was mid sized and comfortable with modern decor and the bathroom was clean and everything worked fine. i liked the inclusion of robes, slippers and an ironing board in the room. at the same time, there were some minor irritants like the minibar was stocked but there were no drinking glasses in the room - only metal beakers in the bathroom. the lobby, lobby bar and restaurant are all very pleasant. we had dinner at the restaurant and ordered al la carte to avoid the buffet which did look very tired. the food we had was ok - not bad not good. as others have said, the rooftop pool and deck are really the highlight. a lovely pool and deck area with great views. reception staff were very welcoming and helpful both on check out and check in. it is about a 15 min cab ride from the airport. the city is only about 20 min so for the money you would probably get better value staying in the city and allowing an extra 10 mins or so to get back out to the airport.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>orlandodream
<Content>Falling Apart I have visited this hotel many times and was very pleased with it. It was opened recently 2 years ago. However, as I write this on my latest and last stay here, EVERYTHING is falling apart. The hotel's card key is ooften spoilt and toilet doors get stuck, sinks get blocked eg. This is not the hotel to stay in if you want room comforts. The only good thing was the pool. You can see planes landing at Changi Airport once every 5 min. The river view from the pool is also ok. If you are considering this hotel, I would suggest you re-consider. The downtown hotels are about the same price. I would suggest Swissotel the Stamford or Royal Plaza on Scotts as better alternaives. A great dissapointment.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Staidthere
<Content>As Good as a Transit Hotel Will Get This hotel has changed names and operating procedures more than once, and I think it finally has found a good service formula. In July, United Airlines paid for my wife and myself to stay at Changi Village on the way to the US and on the way back to Jakarta. We have stayed there on several other occasions, and we were quite impressed because the hotel does an excellent job considering most of its guests stay less than 24 hours. The nuisance endemic to such hotels is noise from short-stay neighbor guests, and Changi Village always has arranged for us to move to another room whether our neighbors are screaming/running children or guitar-singers. You can hear planes taking off and landing at the front of the hotel (but not the back), but we were so sleepy that we didn't mind, even when we were booked in a front room facing the street. We always look forward to eating at the row of reasonably-priced open-air food courts by the hotel and buying durian from an itinerant vendor. We especially enjoyed the food at Tomomura (means village), the Japanese Restaurant. The best way to get into town is by taxi, so we tend to stay in the Changi Village area, partly because it has so many good places to eat and Changi airport has so many shops and restaurants. The buses to the airport really run on time, which one would expect in Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>MelatoninJunkie
<Content>Great alternative to staying in the City Given the website, I was optimistic about this place but not too hopeful. I was so pleasantly surprised that I'm writing my first TripAdvisor review. I usually stay in the city at places like RitzCarlton but thought I would go for a change of scene.It's a great change from staying in the city and looking out at roads and buildings. There is a beach literally five mins walk, a rooftop pool from which you can watch the planes land at Changi and a hawker stall (great local food) across the road. Not your usual Singapore experience.The rooms have a really nice feel, and the food is great.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>987_31
<Content>Loved it!       beds  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	3	5	3	3	

<Author>American_in_Italy
<Content>there must be better airport location places to stay! As I was arriving at 2am, and leaving 2 nights later, at 4am, I looked for places close to the airport with decent reviews. At the time I booked, this was about it. We arrived, as scheduled at 2am, only to find out the hotel had no reservation for us (it was cancelled somehow). Fortunately they did give us the rate we had previously agreed to. As another note, my TA emailed this hotel 3 times to confirm, and never got any response. (unlike the other 3 hotels I stayed at in this East Asia Trip). We booked a superior room, and when we arrived to the room, my parched husband opened up the mini bar fridge for a water only to find it empty. (By now it is 2.45am.) He called to the front desk , to be told that superior rooms don-t have mini bars. This was a first!So he did order a water via room service.... but it just left us with a negative impression.the room is decorated in a very IKEA style. The shuttle to the airport operated pretty efficiently.I wouldn't stay there again as it was a real let-down relative to the other places we stayed at.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leeyuk
<Content>The illusion of being away from it all This hotel is located in Changi Village in SIngapore, at the eastern extremity of the island. Not far from Changi Airport, it is far removed from the bright lights of the city. There is no MRT station nearby, which means those who want to go shopping in the city need to take a taxi or depend on the bus service.It is the only hotel in Changi village, which is an enclave of Singapore that seems to be wilfully sundered from the rest of the island, not physically but metaphorically. It seems like the shiny development projects that have engulfed most of Singapore have stopped at the threshold of this village. The hotel is a modern structure and really quite out of place in whatis otherwise - for Singapore - a fairly quaint setting. An earlier incarnation endowed the hotel with coloured balconies, so that is oneof the first things you notice - these pastel coloured glass balconies, as if some artist once passed through here and had a benign hangover when he was decorating the hotel. There are lovely old trees around the hotel. In fact it exudes an atmosphere of peace and quiet, and the verdant surroundings are somewhat at odds with the structure itself. I think the hotel had some problems in trying to characterise themselves, but it now comes across as a contemporary business hotel where it may once have favoured itself as a retreat of sorts.The rooms are done in the sort of pale-wood decor with pretenstions to avant-garde, such as a glass window between the bathroom and the main bedroom, and wicker-lampshades. Overall, the effect is not harmonious. Otherwise the room is quite comfortable if entirely too cold, even with the airconditioning turned off!The gym on the 5th floor is better equipped than you'd expect, but there are too many signs of inconsistent maintenance around the hotel. One of these are the dead plants that coil around wire frames in the inner courtyard, another is chipped paint on some of the feature walls in the lift lobbies. In other ways though, the hotel does distinguish itself; the swimming pool has a glass side and chic patterned blue tiles; the main lounge has sunlight filtering into it from glass panels overhead and the view from the glass-panelled elevators of the overall atrium is cosy, if not impressive. This is a nice hotel to come to to get away from the city, for a retreat of sorts. I think the hotel may have gone through several incarnations, ending up with an odd blend of the mediocre and quite classy, so it's difficult to place it in terms of a star-rating or even of a consistent purpose. Around it is the delightful, or terribly quotidian, depending on your inclination, village itself, with a wet market, shophouse restaurants selling inexpensive food. Nearby are holiday bungalows of the civil service, which goes some way to explain why Changi Village is what it is, and the beach, and an impressive (for Singapore) wooded area, that you quickly realise is an isolated tract preserved to provide the setting to the holiday chalets where Singapore's presumably frazzled civil servants come to unwind. The Changi board walk, which hugs the beach, is a welcome, if entirely too short, distraction, but here, at the Changi Village hotel, it is possible, if for a short while, to forget the burgeoning pressures of 21st century city living.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>A_TravellerAdelaide
<Content>Minimalist gone mad I stayed at the Changi village hotel for one night en route from the US to Australia. Rooms were clean, staff efficient (but unsmiling!) and the food at the buffet dinner pretty poor. An early diner, it was all cold by the time I had dinner and was obviously in the process of being re-heated from the day before, or perhaps lunch. My body confirmed it was a reheated fish curry at about 3am!!BUT, dont expect any small luxuries that can turn an ordinary hotel into a good one. Absolutely everything is extra and relatively expensive, such as internet access at $6 for 15 minutes (many hotels now provide this free), coffee at $7 etc. But for me, the piece-de-resistence was the room facilities which were 'minimalist' or non-existent. Absolutely no toiletries apart from 1 bar of soap, nothing in the bar bridge (why have one, I wondered) and, the classic, ONE tea bag! I asked if we could have some more and, after, about half hour, I was bought ONE more!This pettiness is pretty bad considering the prices.I wouldn't stay there again - there are much better places in Singapore  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	4	3	2	1	

<Author>tealurve
<Content>Great romantic getaway away from the city Overall, I had a great time there at this hotel for a romantic getaway.- Great for those who love the beaches and taking strolls in the nature- Love the room - it was very clean and well-maintained - stayed at the 6th Floor (max is 7th Floor) - 6th floor also has a nice outdoor garden- Toilet comes with bathtub with overhead rain shower which is great- Rooftop swimming pool and jacuzzi on 8th floor: this is rather small but the views are simply stunning. If you go at night time, which we did too, there was no one around and you have the pool to yourself and the starry night sky.- Endless good and value for $ food for dinners, night suppers and breakfast at Changi V- Don't forget to ask for your complimentary Straits Times (applicable for Deluxe Rm and above only) - they forgot ours.- Tip: Book direct at the Far East webby - that's cheapest when I looked around.Highly recommended and very relaxing!!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>flaii
<Content>Very Modern, but yes it is a drive from the airport! I only had about 9 hours between flights in Singapore, and the transit hotel was booked for the night (tried a couple weeks in advance!). Decided upon the Changi Village hotel because it appeared on the map to be rather close to the airport, and the prices were slightly more reasonable than those in areas like Suntec City, Orchard Road, etc. There were very conflicting reviews on Trip Advisor regarding the distance from the airport, and so I was anxious to find out how close or far it was!Yes - it is quite a drive from the airport! When you look at a map, it is close, and in fact you can hear the airplanes taking off! However, the drive is quite long because it appears that while it is close to the airport, the roads to/from the terminal buildings are long - partly on the highway and partly on surface roads. From the airport to the hotel it was 15 minutes, about 12 minutes on the way back. For comparison, a trip from the airport to Suntec City (stayed in that neighborhood a few days prior) was only 15 minutes. The key benefit of the Changi Village, then, compared to those hotels closer to the CBD and tourist areas, is the free shuttle. I was lucky in that I arrived at the information counter about 15-20 minutes before the shuttle arrived, however keep in mind that there is only one shuttle an hour. It leaves from the hotel at the top of the hour, and I guess there really isn't a set time for when the shuttle leaves the airport (my shuttle left ~40 minutes past the hour).The hotel itself is pretty neat - VERY well lit rooms and a very refreshing rain shower after lots of traveling! It is very modern and chic, and I quite enjoyed the decor. Therefore, the hotel itself is to be recommended.Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you definitely need to be in the Changi Village area, OR the transit hotel is fully booked and this hotel is much cheaper than ones closer to the CBD and other tourist areas.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Heiny
<Content>I would stay here again There were a couple of negative reviews here recently but to me they seemed minor, so I decided to chance this hotel for a one day stopover and it is just fine.I booked on the hotel website and the price was lower than other similar quality hotels downtown. It is about the same distance from the airport as the city hotels, but it was nice to see a different part of Singapore. Check in was fast and efficient and the rooms are modern and comfortable.The desk in the room has a multiple country power point (great idea that more hotels should copy) and broadband internet costs about $25 SNG per day. I have to have a little rave about the bed...I spend about 100 nights a year 'on the road' and really notice when I score a great bed, and this bed made the grade...good firm mattress, cool, soft, duvet and a range of pillows thick and thin, soft and firm. Sleep heaven!There is a large entertainment strip up the road from the hotel with outdoor restaurants and bars, but I was too tired after my flight from the EU so I dined at the hotel and chose the BBQ buffet. Great selection, but watch the price - it is advertised as $32 SNG but that is without tax and service charges...two beers and the buffet ended up costing $78 SNG. Not great, but not bad for the huge selection of different dishes on offer, with everything from fresh seafood to asian specialty dishes and BBQ cuts.All up a nice, positive experience. And did I mention the bed? Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Moggsie
<Content>Don't stay here We booked a ''day room'' at Changi Village Hotel during flight lay-over.Explained in our initial booking that our flight got in at 0600hrs and we would be departing at 1700hrs later that day.However, when we arrived, tired and wanting a shower, we were told that we could not access our room until 0900hrs unless we paid another SGD56 (we had already paid over SGD110 for the day room anyway). We explained we were tired, wanted a shower and to sleep, but the receptionist told us we would have to sit in reception until 9am unless we paid the extra! So we had no choice....The 'Porter' who carried our bags to our room (despite our saying we could carry them ourselves) was so rude, sticking his palm in our faces for a tip!!!! No way after that - Changi Village Hotel add a massive service charge to your bill anyway, so definitely not tipping a rude porter as well.Finally in our room, which was basic, a couple of small towels, and no complimentary toiletries at all - beware of the bathroom if you would like privacy when using the toilet or having a bath/shower. There is a window from the bedroom into the bathroom, with only an ill-fitting blind to pull down to hide your modesty............... very strange and off putting.After a shower, we just wanted to sleep ......... no chance, despite the Do Not Disturb notice on our door, you would have thought the hotel would have a system whereby anyone using a 'day room' would be given a quiet area - no chance. All day there was constant banging, talking, cleaners yakking to eachother in the corridor. To top it all, at 12noon, a cleaner banged on our door and let herself in to clean the room! we were in bed trying to sleep!What a joke.We would definitely NOT recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a rest after or between flights. The fact that the hotel offers 'day rooms' is misleading, as they certainly do not cater for weary travellers.Staff were rude and unhelpful.Overpriced.Rooms not worth the money.Only helpful thing was the free shuttle service the hotel operate shourly to and from Changi Airports Terminals 1 and 2 (but not the Budget Terminal - although there is a connection from T2)  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	3	

<Author>lil999
<Content>Don't stay here! After a wonderful ten days in The Maldives and six amazing days in Koh Samui, we stayed in this terrible hotel on our way home. (We are seasoned travellers and this is the first time i have felt compelled to complain about a hotel).I tried to book this hotel from their website but the website was down and it said to book through the hotel directly. I called the hotel and told them the site was down and said that i had still wanted to get the internet rate, they said okay. Well, we get to the hotel... off to a bad start! There was the longest line to check in and the guy we had to deal with was a rude pig. Maybe they need to get more staff! I explain the whole internet deal with the guy at the front desk. He refuses point blank to accommodate me. So we end up paying 315 singapore dollars. Rip off. He then tells us we will get a free mini bar included in cost. I then requested a quiet room as we were very tired from travelling all day. By this time it is 9.30pm. I also requested a room with a nice view. The guy says 'no problem'. So, we get up to our room, he has put us across from the maid's room! Early the next morning all we here is banging and talking. Probably the noisiest room he could have given us in the whole hotel. The 'free mini bar' consisted of two soft drinks, two beers and a chocolate bar. Wow! Are they kidding? We open our curtains to take a look at our 'nice view' and much to my dismay, he has given us a room looking directly at the tops of the trees! The ocean views were definitely not visable from our room. This guy was an absolute jerk. The next morning, having been woken up at the crack of dawn by the maids banging and crashing, we head down to breakfast. We were not even offered tea and coffee, and when we finally asked for some tea, the water was stone cold. The 'hot' food on the buffet was also cold. The miso soup was as cold as a glass of icy water. Total nightmare. Such a disapointing way to end our amazing holiday.One plus, is that the hotel has been recently renovated and was quite tastefully done. The rooms are definitely not worth $315!I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	2	3	

<Author>alexsfish
<Content>Great Family Retreat A friend recommended us the Hotel as a great family retreat venue. We booked 3 rooms and the hotel took the initiative to assign us a set of connecting room and another room nearby. The edgeless swimming pool at the roof-top was simply delightful. One can just relax and dip in the pool and watch planes flying by. Our little ones were simply amazed by it. You feel as if the planes are within your reach.There's also a pretty koi pond in the hotel premise. We felt it a calming area with trees around it to shade the area.Overall the hotel is well maintained, the service staff were helpful and our rooms were clean, of decent size and the room decor is just pleasing - a mix of simple retro and yet modern chic. The hotel served a large selection of buffet breakfast, which we felt was pampering rather than the usual local items in hawker centre. The seafood BBQ is also a must try. in local seasoning. The sambal to go with the squid was 'shiok'. An activity that MUST go with staying at the Changi Village Hotel is - A day-trip to Pulau Ubin. After we check-in, the family headed to the nearby jetty, took a S$2 bumboat across to Pulau Ubin. We all rented a bicycle each and cycled around the island. There was much to explore and sightings on durian trees were not uncommon. Return after all the work-out to chill out at the hotel's pool. The family simply enjoyed the easy, pleasant, reasonably priced short getaway without the hassle of carrying a passport!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>J0ey
<Content>good option in between flights This hotel is a good option if you are stopping over in Singapore in between flights.It's reasonably priced and a little closer to the airport than hotels located in the city.The reception staff were friendly and efficient and we were able to check in and arrange a wake up call without any delays.We arrived late at night however there seemed to be plenty of activity in near by restaurants and food stalls.The room was modern in design although a little on the small side. This was not a problem as we checked in late and departed very early in the morning.I was pleasantly surprised by the modern bathroom which was clean and well stocked with toiletries and plenty of towels.The only unusual thing was the glass window between the bathroom and the bedroom ! I am not sure what purpose it served however you have the option to pull down a blind if you want to prevent anyone in the bedroom watching you using the bathroom or shower !Overall our short stay at this hotel was a pleasant experience.Check in and check out was handled smoothly (which is important if you have a flight to catch) and it was easy to obtain a taxi back to the airport.Don't stay here if you are staying in Singapore for more than a night, this hotel is in a residential area and there are many more reasonably priced hotels in the city (which is really where you would want to be if you are a tourist).In fact the trip from the airport to the city is not much longer than the trip from the airport (all the way around the airport perimeter) to Changi Village.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SWEngineer
<Content>Good service and clean/modest rooms This was a very nice hotel.. They are courteous and helpful. The restaurant offered great meals.The downside is the distance from everything. There is a considerable distance to do anything - even go to the airport. Luckily they do have an airport shuttle.On my return trip I chose them as well - it was just for the overnighter between India and the Americas.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	1	4	3	3	4	

<Author>greygrump
<Content>Would go there again Stayed at the Changi Village on our way back from Sri Lanka. Thought the rooms and service was excellent. No awful smells and very clean. The breakfast we had both morning was good value. Didn't mind the distance from the CBD as the bus and train service was very efficient. Also very convenient for getting to the airport for early morning departures. Only thing to watch is your kids flicking through the videos that are available. Cost me SGD $68, for three videos that were only partly watched, won't get caught again! A nice hotel without being over the top, and paying for what you don't need.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Gifford
<Content>Great Stopover Hotel My husband and I stayed here for one night as a stopover after returning from Thailand and heading back to the U.K. as previous reviewers said it was near the airport. Whilst it is slightly nearer the airport than the city centre, an extra 10 minutes in a taxi would take you into the heart of the city. Changi Village doesn't have much going for it and in some ways resembles a 70's housing scheme rather than a village. However, try Charlies Corner for a huge selection of international beers and Jacobs Cafe for decent food, both just a stroll from the hotel.The hotel itself was great with incredibly friendly staff and pleasant rooms. The public areas were very impressive and stylish for an out of town hotel. There are two very nice pools, one on the roof which is great to watch the planes coming into the airport. We had this pool to ourselves for most of the afternoon.Breakfast was fine and the free shuttle to the airport was an added bonus.Our only criticism was that we booked an upgraded room on the internet but on return, having looked at their website again, I think we just got a standard room. Since we were only there one night we didn't bother complaining.For an airport stopover this hotel was very nice and the staff were more friendly than in the Oriental Singapore (which is 5*) where we stayed earlier in our Far East tour.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>andrew23
<Content>Great for in-between flights!               More photos  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>trixiebear
<Content>a little gem This hotel is greatly improved over its Le Meridien days when it was a bit sad looking. Seems to have found a niche as boutique like hotel, although it has close to 400 rooms, and as business hotel serving the logitsics parks nearby.Looking for a bit of luxury we booked a junior suite, not exactly a suite per se but a large L shaped room. By far the best feature was the huge bathroom. A truly massive bathtub, easily can fit two(!), seperate rainforest shower, double sinks etc.The hotel has an lovely rooftop pool - where relaxing and staring at the sea can be combined with plane watching (better than it sounds).Gym is not bad - serves its purpose well enough for a short stay.There is a superb value Japanese restaurant on the ground floor. Otherwise plenty of cheap eats to be had in Changi Village itself. If you're coming to S'pore for Orchard Rd this is not the place to stay, but if you fancy as about of the beaten track as you can get in the city state this is it. Nice place to come if you live close the city like we do as well.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Good hotel for flight connection First this hotel is far, quite far from the airport. I think it takesas much time to get to the airport as it does from the Marina area. The upside is that the price here for an overnight is quite decent. The lobby is a modern bright and upbeat place. The room decor is decidedly European. If you had stayed in any recent Novotel, you willfind yourself right at home. The bed is almost right out of the IKEA catalog and quite soft for my back. The room is bright and airy and so is the bathroom. One thing about the bathtub and you try to take a shower standing up. More chance than not, you will spill water out on the floor as there is no curtain.For a quick night and cheap accommodation, it got my vote. However, the area is not a good place to go out at night unless you are looking for some local food.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lb22
<Content>Loved It!            
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichaelHB
<Content>The staff made this trip and hotel stay great! I stayed at Changi Village on business for nine days in Feb. 07. I was dropped off by my client just after midnight after over 21 hrs in flights in 24 hours. So, coming through the front doors of the hotel it was wonderful to be greeted by such friendly front desk staff.The room was very neat, clean and up to-date. I very much enjoyed being able to control the A/C with three fan speeds and a very large temperature range from warm through cool to near freezer temps. The complimentary bottled water in the room was a nice touch. In 35C heat bottled water for day trips is a must to take with you.The out door pool on the roof top has to have one of the most stunning of any hotel I've stayed at. The outdoor pool on the ground floor with a glass side is a great to swim in and visually stunning later in the evening while enjoying the out door dining and BBQ. Plus the quite garden on the sixth floor with the pond, fish and trees is great place to start your day during sunrise.Then there is the staff! Yasmin on the front desk is so professional and upbeat to deal with, Gerald in food and beverage and his team provide a wide selection of food types at ever meal for the buffet. The hostess (with the mostest~ as I teased her) is first rate with her uplifting hello every day and after only twice knew my name! If I could only extend the same back to her.The gentlemen on the front door helped me effortlessly unload and reload my clients printing supplies (more than once) with nothing but sincere smiles and upbeat attitudes.Others on this site have talked about how far away it is from the airport. They offer a free shuttle service to and from the airport on the hour. Not fast enough? For less than $15.00 S$ $ you can take a cab to the hotel. Then there is the it's a long way to downtown. Well every major US city and most major Canadian cities I've stayed at are not only $16.50 to the downtown Singapore city core for this quality of stay. Plus your only minutes from the beach, the famous Changi Prison museum, several outdoor restaurants, a cotton and silk clothing merchant just down the road where for less than $ 200.00 S dollars I brought home several great gifts pieces for my spouse, mother and nieces.In all the Changi Village in Singapore offered a very fair price, excellent food and beverage service and product, and I had a great staff experience in all sectors of the hotel.Next trip it's the Changi Hotel for me.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bligh
<Content>Quiet, excellent hotel My husband and I stayed at the Changi Village Hotel one night outward to India and upon our return for one night. Both times we were greeted by the friendly welcoming staff who made us feel very much 'at home'. Even to the point that on our return to the hotel three weeks after the first visit one of the staff at the door said welcome back!!The hotel is in a pleasant and very quiet location and we appreciated the courtesy bus to and fro the airport plus the courtesy bus to Orchard Road for shopping. The rooms were spacious and very comfortable. All in all a very happy stay and we shall certainly return.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RoxySteele
<Content>Please Avoid if you want to be close to town -- extremely inconvenient location We spent one night at this Hotel in early January, 2007. Hotels.com website misleads you in believing this hotel is close to Orchard Rochard but in actuality they are miles away in a very inconvenient location.They apparently have another property (associated with the Le Meridien?) which is close to Orchard Road but that is not this hotel.You may feel this hotel is a good deal but the inconvenience of getting to and fro is NOT at all worth it. You can pay S$ 20-40 more and get a lovely hotel on Orchard Road itself.If your plan is to just spend some time in a hotel I would recommend this hotel. If your plans are to visit town and get around Singapore I would not stay at this hotel at all. You can get around easier by taxi but the cost will offset any savings on hotel price. It takes 40-60 minutes each way (no joke) to get to Orchard Road or anywhere around town by MRT and or bus.The hotel otherwise is very nice and the staff are extremely helpful. The rooftop pool is lovely with a gorgeous panaromic view. The overall hotel, the rooms and bathrooms are very new and would appeal to anybody. But their way-off location negates these other positives.If you are used to eating at small but yummy hawker-style restaurants in South East Asia, there is a strip of restaurants right next door. We love most Asian food and loved the food here. It is truly open 24 hours.The hotel is located in a residential area and as with most places in S'pore it appeared safe.The hotel's free shuttle to the airport was helpful. It takes about 15 minutes each way.I would be happy to answer any questions/concerns you may have.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	1	5	4	5	3	

<Author>shario
<Content>Didn't Care for It My husband and I stayed here for one night in January since we had an early morning flight from Singapore. I don't know if it was because of the change in management, but we have never had so many problems with a hotel. The only good thing is we were upgraded to a better room than we paid for and had a nice view of the water. But the key cards are incredibly sensitive, and at different times we had to pull the key card out really fast and another time had to pull it out really slow for it to work. We saw lots of other travelers struggling to get into their rooms. Also, the rooms are very high tech but as a result it was frustrating to try to figure out how things worked when we were in a daze from traveling. For instance, the shower was unlike any shower we have ever seen, and an errant twist of the faucet left my husband simultaneously scalded and freezing (from different showerheads), and if you hit the wrong light switch in the middle of the night, a whole chorus of clicking sounds and lights goes off which is quite disconcerting to the person remaining in bed! Also, trying to get a drink at the bar proved to be an exercise in frustration because there were two brand-new, albeit well meaning bartenders who were overwhelmed even though there were hardly any customers. I am willing to admit that we could have just caught the hotel on a bad day, and it is a nice looking hotel in an interesting neighborhood, but we won't stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fairmileartist
<Content>An excellent hotel for an overnight stay or even longer We have stayed at this hotel three times now on route from Australia to London.On this last visit we learn't from the General manager that it no longer affiliatedwith the Le Meridien.It is a modern, clean and friendly hotel with helpful staff. It has excellent facilities: the gym is one of the best we have seen and used in a hotel : the roof top swimming pool has amazing views and it is a great area to sit and relax. A new swimming pool now has been built on the ground floor and this too is situated in a nice relaxing area.The Saltwater cafe serves a good buffet breakfast and the buffet lunch is really quite excellent. It has a huge selection of HOT and cold meals. The quality of the food served is quite superior.We found an interesting 'board walk' along the beach and the village has a big food market, interesting shops and good little eateries.The shuttle service to the airport is an added bonus and we happened to be the only people to require it on our departure day, they still took us with no moans or groans!All in, all my husband and I think that this hotel gives one good value for money and it is certainly worth a try for anyone wanting to break their journey either on route or going home.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Kirpan
<Content>A far away place Changi Village Hotel is not - as one might expect - near to Changi Airport.It is about as far as most hotels elsewhere in the city of Singapore itself. Nor is there anything of interest in Changi Village itself. It is in the middle of nowhere and a trip into town is expensive.Once a day there is a free shuttle bus however.The hotel is not cheap for the individual traveller. There can be busloads of group travellers at heavily discounted prices.The restaurants are simple although there are a few standard dishes that they can prepare well. They cannot compete with regular restaurants in town. The buffets could be a lot better and the breakfast buffet is just below average. The hotel gives a dated impression and management seems to cut corners. It is clean however and the staff is friendly.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>CeeBee1
<Content>A good alternative to airport hotels Stayed at this hotel overnight on our way to Phuket. The hotel is very close to the airport and has a shuttle service every hour which is complimentary.I booked this hotel at the last minute (about 3hrs before we flew out) so didn't have time to do much research on it. For being peak season (28th Dec) - it was very reasonably priced so my friends and I were a bit dubious about how good the hotel was going to be.Happily, we found the hotel to very good. The rooms are new-ish, clean and have quite comfortable beds. I'm not sure about the area it is in as we arrived and left during darkness.I would strongly suggest this hotel as an alternative to the Amari at the airport, which is exceedingly expensive and hasn't seem to have been awarded many positive reviews.A taxi costs about $25 Singapore dollars to get the hotel from the airport but I would suggest using the shuttle.Only one piece of advice, make sure that you book a non-smoking room. The windows don't open, so the smoking rooms stink of stale smoke. The staff very happily moved us to another room, so it wasn't too much of a problem.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>veepee
<Content>Wonderful location, staff and great pool My husband and I stayed here on route to emigrating to Perth - we found the hotel to be in a great location and shuttle bus to airport so we could go into the city centre was free - we ventured into the city and were glad to have chosen to stay outside. The pool was fantastic and you could sit and count the planes coming in but not be affected by the noise. We didn't eat in the Hotel except for the inclusive breakfast which was brilliant but ate frequently at the first cafe along where the shops and restaurants were where they did great yum cha and further along at a religious type cafe that did European food which was excellent. We had a local massage in the square which was also brilliant. I couldn't fault the location or the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lindyloo286
<Content>Great place to stay near the beach Booked this hotel as it is near to the old RAF base at Changi and also the Golf Club. I was worried by previous reviews, but in fact it was great ! The hotel looks like it has been refurbished. Its very minimalistic, japanese inspired decor. We have stayed in quite a few hotels around the world and this was nice. Its out of the way, not near to the shopping centre of Singapore but if thats what you want then you can easily get there by bus/underground as the local bus depot is very near. The people are lovely and there are loads of cafes/restaurants to chose from. Mostly aimed at the local population which makes them very, very cheap. We tried a few but liked Jacobs Cafe best. If you are interested in the RAF camp then its still there! Changi museum is not far away and definitely worth a visit. This hotel is near to the beach (which is not something you expect in Singapore) and there is a great boardwalk along the coast just 5 minutes away. The roof top swimming pool was brilliant. I thoroughly recommend this hotel but not if you want to just shop - then you should go to Orchard Road.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Tomyam
<Content>Moan about this hotel...no way My wife, 15 month old son and I stayed at Le Meridian Changi a total of two nights for our out/return legs of our holiday. Before booking I read mixed reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and would recommend anyone staying here for a stop over.The hotel is about 15 mins from Changi Airport by taxi costing between 10-15 SGD depending on time of day. Alternatively you can take the dedicated hotel shuttle bus both ways but we only used it hotel-airport. The bus departs from the hotel (without delay) hourly and is easy and free, dropping at two terminals.We didn't have time to explore much of the village but we did eat out at a few different places; the food market by the bus station is 5 mins walk where you can eat various tasty cuisines in a lively atmosphere, most dishes costing less than 6 SGD! For a few dollars more you can eat just around the corner at an outdoor seafood restaurant which is busy with locals which is always good sign. We did order room service on one occasion and this was good quality and delivered in 15 mins promised.The hotel lobby is stylish and modern. Staff have been criticised on this site but I found their service understated, efficient and courteous at all times; they delivered a baby cot to our room quickly and even washed our sons bottle without question. Unlike others I'm not impressed by stick-on smiles and over the top bowing and scraping.Our Deluxe room booked direct with the hotel cost 184.00 SGD/night. The room was spacious, clean and modern with views over lush tree tops. The bathroom was also excellent with, as the hotel describes, a 'cheeky' window in the shower wall so you can see into the bedroom. This gives a open, unrestricted feeling to the whole bedroom. Needless to say a blind can be pulled down for privacy!I can't fault this hotel and overall I would rate it as excellent value and great for a stop over. Would recommend without hesitation.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Giaarul
<Content>Disappointing A decent hotel with sufficient amenities, modern design and good size rooms. Service level was not up to par with Meridien standard. Slow and inefficient front desk, staff very impatient and seem to rush through, worst when bus load of guests arriving. Attitude of front line personnel could do with some improvement.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>MR&KAC
<Content>Good hotel for a one night stay. We stayed here twice for one night each time on stop overs in Singapore and found the room (by coincidence the same one on both occasions) satisfactory in every way. I wouldn't stay here for an extended period because of the location. The village has some restaurants and shops - but it takes a bit of time to get in and out of the city by taxi. However if you are after a hotel in Singapore on a transit stop this hotel represents value for money. The price we paid was low compared to central hotels and it was convenient for the airport. Don't worry about the window between the room and the shower/toilet - they do have a blind!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>rackiec
<Content>DO NOT STAY HERE We arrived at 2am so decided to stay close to the airport; The first night I was staying with my 2 small kids; We arrive at 2am the kids were wiped. I had to go into the reception area and ask for help with the bags. Then the receptionist who frankly was extremely slow and unhelpful put us into a smoking room despite having requested a non-smoking room when i booked 2 weeks ago! As it was 2 am and I was with the kids I didn't make much of a fuss!!! and was told it was not possible to change; and we went to sleep. The next morning I arrived at reception at 7am to change rooms. Again I was met with a blank refusal. However as soon as I asked to speak to the supervisor lo and behold a non-smoking room suddenly appeared. I could go on about the shabby rooms; the paper thin walls; the conceirge ripping us off by ordering us a 40 Dollar taxi to the airport as opposed to the local taxi I had asked him to get , the failure by the IT people to sort out our in room internet access and then still charge us double, however I just want to stress that this is not a hotel that has any standards of service and I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>Pasha2
<Content>OK for second time in Singapore This hotel is OK, but it is NOT up to normal Meridien standards. Booked a non-smoking room -- arrived and given a smoking room that smelled like a bar. The only other room available that night had not been cleaned properly. So, stuck in the smokers room. Next morning, they did change us. But, it was an unpleasant evening. Next room had problem with TV. Coudn't get housekeeping/front desk to answer phone. Finally did and said they would send someone up. After 1/2 hour, no one came and I went down to reception. Again they said they would send someone up -- never came and I fixed TV myself. So, service not top notch.All that said, the rooftop pool is very nice. Fun to watch the planes go by from pool and/or beach. It is not excessively loud as they seem to avoid hotel directly. And, location is nice. The town is small with tons of small restaurants and hawker stands. No need to stay in hotel restaurants. Beach is nice enough -- and the Changi War Museum is close by as are all the outer islands/national parks, a golf course, kayak rentals, walking trails, etc. The city is a cheap taxi ride away (about US$10) -- about 30-40 min. Could also take metro or shuttle busses. If you've not been to Singapore before, you might want to stay in city. But, if you are stopping through or just want a break from city life. this hotel is a good bet. As I said, if you are expecting a Le Meridien, don't. But, it is perfectly fine for a semi-urban and semi-beach/outdoors weekend.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>so so changi meridian singapore nice location, nice pool, but service very un singaporean. apart from the luggage guy, most didnt care too much. phone only answered sometimes, whether operator, room service or housekeeping.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the whole package stayed wife my wife for 10 days on a visit back to the area after 35 years ! found the hotel to be very well run, very pleasant and helpful staff, who made our stay enjoyable.would recomend this hotel to anyone on a short or long stay.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK for a [very] short visit Stayed in the Changi Village Hotel for one night en-route to Brunei. (on 10th April) Comfortable room but spoiled by carpet stains. Wierd bathroom arrangement - a window between the bath/shower section and the bedroom - so if you have friends in and want to take a shower they get a ringside seat of you scrubbing away at the naughty bits!! Plus the hot water takes an age to flow.The general area is not particularly exciting and that's why I would only recommend this as a stopover for one night, anything more I would recommend going into the city. I had to extend by one night due to Emirates losing my case in Dubai and the hotel were ok in continuing my booking but as I had booked via Star Asia they didn't allow my preferential rate to be applied until after I spoke with the duty manager. This was satisfactorily resolved but what really irritated me was when I checked out on 12th April the clerk tried to add on the service charge and taxes - however I had a confirmed booking via Star Asia stating the cost included all taxes and service charges. After an argument the clerk re-checked the booking voucher which confirmed my assertion. After all that he still got the final account wrong; so my message is for everyone to check the final bill carefully. The hotel was generally quiet and I did get a good night's sleep. For those who have a laptop, the room safe is big enough to take it and a lot more too. An important consideration as the security is not the best. The room cleaner was cleaning my room when I returned and I just wandered in without being challenged.I didn't have any meals in the hotel as there are many good quality restaurants/cafes very close by (and I'd recommend Jacob's Cafe for value and quality). The shuttle service that operates between the airport and the hotel is hourly and you need to go into the Singapore Visitor Centre in Terminal 1 to book it. It takes about 25 minutes to get from Terminal 1 then via terminal 2 to the hotel. Overall I'd say this hotel is average - nothing exciting, but ok for an overnight. If all you want is a shower then use the in-terminal hotel for shower facilities as it's only 8.5 Singapore dollars.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>.*.lisa*ma.*.
<Content>not a good hotel We stayed with our 2 kids I found this hotel to be tired and dated smelt musty, found pubic hair on the dressing table and towles took a look behind the seating to find alsorts of rubbish . there was no mrt near the hotel it cost as much in a taxi from the airport for this hotel as it does for one on the Orchard road I would advise anyone staying in singapore to stay at the park view insted as this is clean and very well situated.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SalemTraveler
<Content>Great hotel and area I spent five nights and four days at Le Meridien Changi Village, the end of March. What a great find. The hotel has very interesting, modernistic design. Everything about it was above average. Very friendly staff, good breakfast buffet, swift elevator service and unusual rooms. The only improvement I would suggest is the placement of a sofa or lounge chair in each room for relaxing and reading.The village itself I found to be more interesting than downtown Singapore. Within easy walking distance of the hotel is a nice beach, ferry service to a nearby island, a wonderful hawker center with a wide variety of foods and beverages, alfresco dining cafes and assorted shops. For those who need the city experience, the hotel offers hourly (24 hours a day) free shuttle to Changi Airport where you can catch the MRT subway into town.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sal11
<Content>Nice hotel   showReview(4723023, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place for stopover   showReview(4217343, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GlobetrotterUK
<Content>10 days of pleasure       Ferry terminal at Changi  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Airport-Hotel, but not wow   showReview(3944256, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Malonions
<Content>Not Bad   showReview(3941917, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i'm really impressed   showReview(3817601, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Meridien is just the ticket!       hotel room  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Cuppa!   showReview(3421094, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>vishop21
<Content>閬╁綋銇亗銇椼倝銇勩伄銈广偪銉冦儠銇亴銇ｃ亱銈?#x201d;   showReview(23367455, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂冲弸閬旓紥浜烘梾   showReview(20753700, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel impecable pour un transit   showReview(18538028, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideales Stop-Over Hotel f眉r Familien und Sportler   showReview(18538027, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉堛儵銉炽偢銉冦儓銆€or 鐭湡婊炲湪   showReview(19172565, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>杩戙亸銇儛銈广偪銉笺儫銉娿儷銇傘倞   showReview(19172172, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>confortable   showReview(15576031, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>缍洪簵銇т究鍒┿仾銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19168874, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉堛儵銉炽偢銉冦儓銇伅鏈€閬?#x201d;   showReview(19168462, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(13197155, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nepadict
<Content>A 茅viter   showReview(12008834, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	3	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫亴瑕嬨亪銈嬨儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19166359, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert!!! Top Hotel   showReview(11309235, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銆€銉併儯銉炽偖銉撱儸銉冦偢銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19165109, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une nuit mais pas plusieurs!   showReview(11445395, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Chambres superbes!   showReview(11429928, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儹銉炽儓銇с伅蹇呫仛锛戙偔銉炽偘銇с亰椤樸亜銇椼伨銇欙紒   showReview(19160748, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un h芒vre de paix 脿 deux pas de l'a茅roport   showReview(11401044, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉併儯銉炽偖銉撱儸銉冦偢   showReview(19159863, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱仒銈撱伨銈娿仐銇熴亜銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19156694, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>灏戙仐绔嬫淳銇儞銈搞儘銈广儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19155415, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷娣卞鐫€銇?..   showReview(19917978, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

