<Author>hollythetravelgirl
<Content>Awesome! This hotel was an amazing experience in everyway! The staff was more than excellent, friendly, always smiling, to be honest I felt pampered in every way. The food was excellent with a great assortment everyday. The rooms were clean, very comfortable and with everything you would need to be more comfortable. They has a dvd player.. comfortable linens.. even sea salt to put in the tub!! The location can't be beat. Its right in the port area where all the restaurants are and clubs. Walking around the hotel is amazing as there is art everywhere you look.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maddog2000
<Content>Liked the pool The hotel is in a great location and the pool is great (although prices are a bit steep there...) The room we had was spacious, but nothing exceptional, I preferred the public areas to the room. Concierge was very helpful. One issue we had was that our room was not made - despite repeated requests, and we had to wait at 4am in the morning as we insisted on fresh towels etc. The area is quite lively in the evening and there are tons of bars and clubs just around the corner (although there are definitely better places to visit in Barcelona). I would go there again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Holmegate
<Content>Room with a view Just spent two fabulous nights at the Arts with a 17th floor deluxe room. The room was immaculate with beautiful furnishings and a spectacular view over Port Olympic ... watching the sunrise over the med from the comfort of your bed is just something else.We travelled with our two children aged 9 and 5. The room had two queen size beds and was perfectly equipt with all requirements. The bathroom was stunning with double sinks, marble bath, separate toilet and amazing shower room. The hotel is truly beautiful and the flower arrangements and Christmas decorations were gorgeous. The staff were extremely attentive. My children particulary loved the 'Cookie Man' who greeted our return to the hotel one evening with a tray of the most delicious cookies.Booked this break for my 40th birthday through lastminute.com and got a really good deal.We have visited Barcelona on a number of occasions so were aware that the Arts is a good 30+ minute walk to the centre. If you want a cheaper family room in the centre of Barcelona try the Tryp Apolo. If you want luxury and enjoy a walk along the beach with good restaurants on your doorstep, look no further than the Arts.We didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on the food. Barcelona is my favourite destination and having been in both January and December this year, it is the perfect winter city break. This weekend saw clear blue skies with a pleasant temperature of 20 degrees.Love Barca, love The Arts .... enjoy  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rhp-travel
<Content>Great hotel  We stayed at this hotel just recently. The hotel look luxurious and the location is close to the beach, though it's a bit far from the city centre ( Plaza Catalunya)but taxi is abt 5-6euro.The hotel staff are all great and helpful and they always greet people, very nice. However there are several things that thehotel can improve in terms of room cleanliness; the bathrobe was dirty, there were some black spots on the one hanging inside the bathroom, I put it down on the floor hoping that the maid will replace it the next day, but no..they actually re-hanged it. Inside the room, I also found the wall was not properly done, there are a hole on the wall inside the bathroom. When i came in the 1st day, they didn't clean the rubish bin. It's not so 5 stars... Also be careful with the nespresso coffe machine, though it looks tempting, you will need to pay 4euro to use the cafe capsule. I thought it was one of the hotel cofe  tea facilities. I will choose another hotel next time in barcelona  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AbuDhabiUAE
<Content>Absolutely magnificent I stayed in the Hotel, for a (2 day) conference, somehow Hotel Arts feels different than the other major chains, I guess it was the interior design, or the finishing quality, I cant point my finger at the exact reason, but I was overall impressed.Service was very good, staff were friendly and helpful. Taxies are available right outside the door, casino is right next door  the hotel is 5 minutes walk to the Beach.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aesla
<Content>Comprehensive business hotel Upon arrival, we found out that the hotel is completely sold out. This showed clearly on the first night's level of service and food. But besides that, the staff tried their best to keep all happy. The design and architecture is great and the location is very good, especially for those who'd like to party all night. But for families, it is a bit noisy and a little far to most popular Barcelona attractions. Make sure to close your window's airvents before you go to selpp as the noise of partying will keep you up all night (like my first night). Food is average and TV entertainment is also just ok. From what I hear, there will be a few more competitors for this market in the city very soon.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Reston10
<Content>Very Good Business Focused Hotel I stayed an entire week at the Hotel Arts for a business meeting. For that purpose, the hotel was very good. If I was visiting Barcelona as a tourist, I would probably look for something a little less sterile. The staff are very attentive and friendly. It's one of those places where the staff won't give you directions to the elevator, but rather they'll walk you there and press the button for you. I arrived at 12:00 noon. There were queen bedded rooms available, but I wanted a king. The hotel called my cellphone around 2:00 to say that a king room was ready. They gave me a corner room that faced the sea. The room was long and narrow. It had a very nice bathroom, a desk that faced the marina, a king-sized bed, and a couple of chairs. The desk wasn't very comfortable for working. The bathroom had a bath with a hand-held shower; a toilet room with toilet and bidet, a shower, and a double-sink. The shower was like a high-pressure car wash. It had a fixture in the ceiling, and then two fixtures on the wall. The wall fixture jets were piercing so I used that only once. There was every sort of imaginable toiletry -- the normal things like shampoo, body wash, bar soap, mouthwash, etc., plus a comb, cotton balls, q-tips, a toothbrush and toothpaste, a razor with shaving cream, a sewing kit, a nail file, etc. The room has a lot of technology. There is a Bang  Olufsen television/stereo system. By today's standards (and considering what they spent on that set-up) the television was small and hard to see from the bed. There was no alarm clock (at least I couldn't figure out where it was). The furnishings were very nice, although I found the bed to be uncomfortable. The windows in the bedroom had shutters and electric blinds that could completely darken the room. The room had pretty much everything you would expect -- hair dryer, in-room safe, iron/ironing board, robes, etc. The minibar was well stocked -- although with not much to eat, and what was there was really pricey. I probably spent about EUR50 and consumed two bottles of water, a shot of vodka, and some crackers. Speaking of pricey, wifi is EUR25/day + tax. That's outrageous. Wifi appeared to be free in one hour increments in the lobby. The room lighting was kind of crazy -- there is a master control by the door and another on the nightstand. The switch labels are such that you can't quite figure out which is which without trying them all. For example, the switch labeled the living room operated the lights at the door; and switch labeled the salon operated the lights in the bedroom. The room was very nice, but the carpet had some dark stains, as did the wallpaper. The windows were dirty, and there was lots of dust. From a location perspective, the views are beautiful -- the sea, the city, the architecture. However, it's a long walk into the old part of town, or to see most of the major Gaudi attractions. The metro is close and taxis are plentiful. The pools appear very attractive, although it was in the 60s while I was there, so I didn't venture out (neither did anyone else it seemed). My room rate included the breakfast buffet. There was a lot of variety and the service was attentive. While I read the news on my cell phone, someone offered me a newspaper. I also partook in drinks in two of the bars. The drinks were expensive (EUR12+), but the service was attentive. The furnishings were comfortable, and it was busy well into the early morning. I also dined in Arola. The service was very good, as was the food. There was live music. All-in-all, the hotel was as I expected. It seems to cater more toward conferences and business meetings. The service is attentive and the staff are helpful, without being snooty. The room rate wasn't that bad (EUR300/night + tax), but I did feel a bit nickel'd and dimed.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>THREOslo
<Content>Busy and impersonal We`ve stayed in Barcelona many times before, this time booked the Arts hotel as we didn`t know this side of town. The hotel is vey big and very busy. Our room (togther with many others) wasn`t ready at the time it was supposed to be. After four hours waiting it the hotel bar I demanded some solution. After many phone calls we finally got to our room. The view was fantastic, but the room wasn`t quite what we expected.Compared to many smaller boutique hotels in Barcelone it is not quite five star standard. The rooms are slighly worn, cigarett marks on the carpet, the bathroom needed washing and the drain in the sink was stuck.Top service and an extremely patient staff especially when it comes to Arab boys spitting chewing gum everywhere and playing football in the corridors.Renata from Oslo  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>bespoketravel
<Content>Amazing Hotel Architecture Top of it Class The design of the hotel is world class. My room faced the Frank Gehry gigantic fish sculpture outside the hotel. The decor of the hotel is amazing , unique and stunning. A very modern, elegant and spacious room. Fabulous views of the Mediterranean. The bathroom was huge , marble with a multi jet shower stall that I loved. Great amenities and fluffy towels. This is a truly exceptional property. I have stayed here every time I go to Barcelona and cannot wait to go again. One of the best most interesting hotels in the world.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>erinly
<Content>Classy, but overpriced.       King sized bed  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>marissa2c
<Content>Not Worth the Money Our stop in Barcelona was going to be part of a 3 week European vacation and we decided to splurge for the Ritz Carlton. You can definitely get a 5 star experience if money is no object and you have low/average expectations.But as someone who stays for free in the biggest suites in Las Vegas and has experienced service at the highest levels, the hotel was nice but definitely not worth the money.The staff was friendly but rather useless. If you pose something to them that they haven't trained for in their employee manual, you can see their head about ready to explode.The prices of the food in the restaurant were about double the prices of the very good quality food you can get outside the hotel. The only food that I ate within the hotel was the breakfast buffet. Very good and high quality but definitely not worth the $50/pp price tag. You can get a very nice eggs/bacon/toast breakfast at the deli next door for about $9 + bev.The area around the hotel is nice. The beach is right behind the hotel about a 5 minute walk and there is a boardwalk with about 5 restaurants along the beach. Across the street there is a mall with a pretty good Chinese restaurant, tapas bar, ice cream stand, mexican and italian restaurants, sandwich shop, and a souvenir shop where we stocked up on soda and waters and a great chicken salad sandwich for $4.There is a Touriste bus stop about 2 minutes from the hotel that will take you to all the sites around the city and will take you to the city center and you can walk down Las Ramblas, the main drag. Definitely worth a stop is the Boqueria which is an open air market and has the freshest and best tasting fruit I've ever had in my life.In summary, the Ritz is a nice hotel, but you'll definitely overpay.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>KSLTowcester
<Content>Not really 5 star Stayed at this hotel for a short break with my 15 year old daughter. Our first meal at the poolside restaurant was very poor quality and mine I returned, whilst the meal we experienced at the Enoteca Restarant left both of us with upset stomachs. The room service was useless, an inability to co-ordinate the coffee facilities so that cups, saucers, milk and teaspoon were all available at the same time prevailed for our entire stay. It took two days and several visits from a rather sweaty and smelly engineer (with very dirty shoes) to get the shower working properly. The in-room toiletries had already been used by a previous guest. The lifts broke (luckily we were only on the 5th floor). One day the room was not made up until just before bedtime and on another day it was not made up at all. The final ineptitude was the staff managing to lose our suitcases between the reception area and the taxi area as we were leaving which resulted in our having to rummage around the hotel baggage store.We did speak with the hotel duty manager on our final night and he was kind enough to reimburse us the cost of the Enoteca dinner, give us a further small discount and offer us the use of our room until 4pm on the day of our departure. However the shambles continued even after that conversation and we left after what should have been a relaxing stay at a luxury hotel, rather stressed and relieved to be leaving.It was not a five star experience and certainly not one that I could recommend to others.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>jorgins
<Content>The Best Hotel in Spain After a hectic seven day tour of Spain this place was a welcome oasis. The staff were the best, the food was superb and the accomodations wonderful. Our corner room overlooked the sea and the beach. It's a little away from town, but taxis are easy to come by and you can always go for a walk along the beach.I can't say enough good things about the staff - my wife lost some jewelry and the hotel went way above and beyond to help us - the most friendly and considerate hotel staff we encountered during our trip.11 out of 10!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>materialboi
<Content>Great Staff       Pool area  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Dublin_IrelandMac
<Content>Fantastic contemporary hotel with great staff We had a great relaxing and very enjoyable stay in this fabulous hotel. The rooms were of a high standard, we got one wth a city/sea view and it was exactly as described in the website.Very modern hotel, contemporary in feel throughout. The staff withou fail were both very friendly and accomodating. They genuinely were committed to their guests enjoying their stay. we travelled with a 4 year old girl and she loved the pool and was treated like a princess. The Michelin star restaurant in the hotel is excellent and the hotel is on one of the tourist bus routes so you can get to see the city very easily from it. There is a taxi rank outside with taxis always available.Opposite the hotel is a marina and the restauraunts are fast food and family restarants. Cheap but also not of great quality. We got much better meals at the back of the hotel on the beach where their is a wide variety of more upmarket restauants with a good buzz.We loved this hotel and will be back. If this is the 41st ranked hotel in Barcelona, the rest of the hotels must be out of this world. This place is a real treat, ideal for a special occasion, a weekend away or a business trip where you want to impress.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Frank70
<Content>Loved it!!!!! It was one of the best hotel experiences I have had in a long long time. The staff was great. They treated us like a royal family. My son 8 yrrs old. Had a ball. The view of the city was great. The food and bar was great.It is bit outside the city, but it is well worth it. The train ride to ramblas is just a few stops away.In short, food + decor+ room + staff were all great  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>msdhw
<Content>Go Club...all the way!! Had a great few days at the Arts Hotel with some friends. The room was ok, not fabulous as I expected it to be at the price. We had booked the club level room, and that was our best decision, if you can afford it then go for it. The champagne was flowing, and the food services were small but delicious. Very tasty and we did not feel the need to go to a restaurant every meal time as the food in the lounge was sufficient.The rest of the hotel was nice....but VERY expensive. You have to pay for EVERYTHING you use, even the coffee in the room, which is a little bizarre as it's so very expensive anyway.I would go back and I do recommend it though.Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>EuroLondon
<Content>Pretty great, bit tacky Stayed here in August, on holiday in a standard deluxe room. Paid 鈧?45 for room and breakfast.This is a pretty nice hotel, as I guess you'd expect. The lobby is on the first floor, which is a good safety measure, I think. D茅cor is kind of neutral and expensive-looking - lots of beige, grey, cream etc. Some parts of the hotel are showing minor signs of wear and tear - e.g. carpets - but very minor. Check in was fine - arrived about noon and they were able to give us our room straight away. Reasonably high - 14th floor, with decent views of the beach. I did notice later that some of the rooms on the (I think) 2nd floor seemed kind of dark, with windows looking out onto the rear of the pool-level caf茅- I'd try to avoid them if I were you. Great BO sound system and LCD TV in the room. Also a Nespresso machine, but the hotel charges 鈧? per capsule, which is kind of crazy. I know it's a top-end hotel, and you expect to pay more etc, but 鈧??! That's a markup of around 1300%. Watch out for the 鈧?5 CDs too. Very comfortable beds, great linens and towels. Large bathroom with separate shower cubicle and toilet cubicle. Breakfast was pretty good - standard hotel buffet in the ground floor restaurant. No eggs cooked to order though, for any egg fans out there.A lot of people have noted that the hotel isn't in the centre of town, but it's only a short taxi ride away. It's within walking distance of the Museum of Catalonia and the Maremagnum shopping mall, though. Both are pretty rubbish, actually, so don't be too upset if you don't include them on your itinerary. The museum has the worst rooftop caf茅 - recommended in the Time Out Barcelona Guide - very unfriendly service and poor aircon, so very hot. The Maremagnum mall has very few shops, and of those there are very few you'd actually like to buy things from.The pool was great - decent enough size, not massive though. A lot of children and families around - more than I had anticipated. Lots of attendants to help you find a lounger etc. Plenty of little Spawn of Satans running around, belly flopping and splashing. Tended to get busy by late morning, all the way through to mid-late afternoon. August is very hot, so there's not much point going out until later, I guess.Although it's a very nice hotel, it's got a sort of tacky/trashy feeling at times. It's built on top of something called Casin-Oh! and the whole Olympic Port area is a bit cheesy - a lot of naff-looking bars and restaurants around and underneath. That said, we did eat at one place - Bestial - which was very nice. Guests at the hotel are a mixture of Europeans (Italians, French, Germans - some topless by the hotel pool, watch out), and the stereotypical well-preserved cruise ship guests waiting to embark or having just disembarked. A lot of tight faces wearing sunglasses to breakfast (indoors as well as outdoors) - you get the picture.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>americanexpat10
<Content>Very comfortable with great views! I stayed here for 2 nights in June, 2008 and we loved our room - we booked a standard room, but we had views of both the water and the city. The bathroom was large and the room had all the comforts that a Ritz should (large comfortable King bed, large marble bathroom with bath and shower, huge closets with plenty of storage room, bang and oluffson TV, stereo, etc, automatic window shades, wifi). We ordered room service a lot and the food was expensive but worth it because it actually tasted good. The pool is very nice, but get there early to reserve a chair because the pool area is not very large considering how large the hotel is. Only problem was that the safe was broken in the room and they could not fix it...  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Annie92
<Content>Very nice This is a beautiful hotel in a location we liked a lot - some complain that it is a bit removed from the center of things, but for us this was a positive, and cabs are easy and relatively inexpensive since most everything in Barcelona is quite close. The rooms were very large with great views of the city and beach. We appreciated the light and openness, as compared to most standard European hotels. We had a club room and the lounge and food offerings were excellent. So, in terms of the room, comfort and location the hotel is highly recommended. However, as other reviews have mentioned, the service was not up to par for a hotel of this caliber. I will say that most everyone we encountered was very nice and appeared to at least try, but...for example, we had connecting rooms with the rest of our family and it took two hours (several phone calls, plus my husband going down to reception twice), before someone finally showed up with a shrug to unlock the doors between the two rooms. On several occasions when calling the front desk or operator the phone would ring endlessly with no one ever answering. We were not there for the pool really, but it is very small for a hotel of this size and the couple of times we walked by it was very crowded. A few times we overheard very angry guests who had arranged for things that were not done properly (one person was left at the airport without the ride the hotel was to have arranged for her). For our purposes, we were very pleased with the comfort of the hotel and it was just for a couple of nights. But, if you are looking for someplace with great service that you can depend on, not sure if this is the place.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	4	2	5	

<Author>Mandy007
<Content>High tech nice hotel We stayed here for 2 nights waiting for our cruise ship embarkation. The lobby is pretty and the room (deluxe double) had a nice view of the beach, was very high tech with automatic blinds, music throughout the room and a beautiful modern bathroom. Decor was neutral, and attractive. We arrived from the airport at 10 in the morning and had to wait until 3:00 for our room to be ready. This is our only complaint. Eventhough check out was noon. They had a nice welcome lounge with free food and drinks and we were given a nice tour of the amazing spa (didn't use it) and access to the pool and changerooms. The art/sculptures throughout were attractive. We paid less than 300 euros/night for the room which was reasonable. There was one 15 metre pool (nice large hammocks and loung chairs surrounding it) as well as a smaller almost like a wading pool. The atmosphere was relaxing with green apples and bottles of water available at the pool. We had to wait for a lounge chair in the shade one day. The food was excellent especially the buffet breakfast. Nicely presented and huge selection including asian choices for breakfast. It was near the beach and many restaurants and not too far from shopping (short taxi ride). Staff were very helpful although the front desk was a little snooty. The concierge were helpful in suggesting restaurants and calling for us. They have greeters who show you to your room and how to use things in your room. It was a nice touch. We enjoyed ourselves and if we went to Barcelona again we would stay here.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>RandMWorcester
<Content>Fantastic!       Pool and fish sculpture  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TwoHavlesofCoconuts
<Content>5 star room, 3 star service and pool My wife and I stayed at the Arts for vacation. The room was very nice and very clean. 5 star room by US standards. The food at the restaurants was very good, but not excellent, and very expensive. The wine selection is very large. The staff at the restaurants however, were superb. The hotel staff on the other hand missed the mark. Here is where the hotel lets you down. I asked for two types of pillows in the online request. The front desk receptionist confirmed my request. When we got to the room we found the request not met. I had trouble working the phone (I don't know if it was me or the phone). I called for help 4 times and each time I was told help was on the way. No help arrived. I requested a birthday cake for my wife to be delievered at a particular time in writing and recieved confirmation in writing. The cake was not delivered on time. It took a lot of work to get it sorted out. I made a reservation at one of the restaurants in writing and recieved confirmation in writing. When we arrived at the restaurant, they had no record of the reservation. When I needed help printing a boarding pass the floor attendant was worthless and gave me the wrong information. Another issue was the pool. There is only one pool which is outdoors. The pool was icy cold so if you go at a time other than high season, you may be in for a shock. The view from the pool is poor. The pool is small and there is not enough lounge chairs. Bar service ends at 5pm (I think) or at least way before I thought it should. There is a casino next door which brought in some guests you would not normally have at such a hotel. Reminded me of a sceen out of the movie Swingers. The crowd around the casino is a bit annoying outside as well.The hotel is not on the beach, but very close and the closest I saw (about 100 yards). All and all, I would not stay there again because the hotel simply lacked the service one expects with a 5 star hotel and particularly when you are paying 5 star prices.However, if service is not important and all you want is a 5 star room close to the beach, then I would recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	1	2	

<Author>Omakok
<Content>Fantastic hotel in good location This is an absolutely stunning hotel, great architecture and decor. The welcome is very friendly and polite, makes you feel like a valued guest. The rooms are spacious and beautifully decorated, had a stunning view towards sea and city (12th floor). The bathrooms are like mini-spas. The linen is really nice quality and the cleaning is up to the standard. Some wear at the furniture, though. Several cosy restaurants, make sure you book a table well in advance if you want to dine at Arola! The main restaurant is a bit sterile but Enoteca is cosier and the food is good. The garden is very small, the hammocks by the pool are a good idea, they even take 2 persons! We really enjoyed our week-end and would recommend this hotel for honeymoon or a special week-end.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mbgandco
<Content>First Class Experience Yes it is expensive and yes the lifts are slow, but do not let this distract you from staying at the best hotel in Barcelona. A few points to know:-PositionThe hotel is about by the Olympic Port about a 25 minute walk from The Ramblas. Some people have complained on this site saying it is out of the way and it is true that it is not in the middle of the shopping and business district. However, it is right near some very good restaurants (Can Majo is especially good) and the main sights (Gothic Quarter, Park Guell, Familia etc) are spread out so where ever you stay you would not be able to walk to everything.There are some clubs nearby and a casino underneath so in the evenings at weekends it is very busy (but perfectly safe) around the area.Club LevelThe Club on the 33rd floor is fantastic. Food and drink free all day (including continental breakfast with an egg station) and excellent service (even arranged for us to have beds by the pool ready for when we got down there). With breakfast in the hotel costing 鈧?9 each (鈧?9 for continental) and drinks so expensive, club rooms are actually good value.RoomsThe standard rooms are large by European standards and well appointed with B  O TV and sound system. Large walk in shower with separate bath and 2 sinks and very comfortable large bed.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Eric168
<Content>Great Room       Living room  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>qegsbabe
<Content>5* hotel 5* prices Recently spent my 20th wedding anniversary here so paid more than normal for a high hotel room with a sea view, having said that despite the special request made some time ago and arriving mid afternoon we weren't as high as I hoped and the bed arrangement for a sea view had to be 2 queens not a king so rooms are very obviously allocated on arrival and sometimes you are lucky and get an upgrade and sometimes, like us, you have to get what you are given. No attention was paid to the point made prior that it was our wedding anniversary, at these prices I expected a complimentary bottle of wine or box of chocolates but not to be. Having said all that the hotel was gorgeous (the weather helped after arriving from rain in the UK). The staff were helpful and sitting in the lobby as we did watching the beautiful people glide in and out we were frequently offered complimentary water, the pool area although small was well organised with staff attentive to getting sunbeds, free water and apples, even offering to spray the suntan lotion! it is a good 20-30 walk along busy roads from the main shopping etc but overlooked the beach and sea so you it felt more of a holiday than a city break and the taxi was very cheap. Local to the hotel was the lovely port surrounded by numerous reasonably priced bars etc so we never ate in the hotel, not even breakfast, the deli cafe round the corner was excellent for coffee and croissants. The shock was the drink prices, a beer around the pool was 12 euros so all our drinking was done outside because the prices just seemed immoral which was a shame because the hotel had some beautiful bar areas. if money was no object I would definately stay again but younger people might want to be more in the thick of the action.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	2	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Gustavas
<Content>The Ritz Carlton of Barcelona THE ARTS HOTEL, BARCELONAThe Arts Hotel is a Ritz Carlton property directly on the Mediterranean that stands like a monument to modern luxury. High tech and chic, this hotel is stunning in a multitude of ways. Uniformed, professional courtesy and meticulous attention to detail reside in every square foot of this marble and glass masterpiece. The men and women working there all look like Vogue ads or GQ models but act like true professionals. The service, amenities, attitude and property are all truly first class with no exceptions. The high-rise suites (we were on the 28th floor) are phenomenal, extra huge and very pricey with sweeping views of the city and the sea. A large living room, two TV鈥檚, dressing room, two separate bathrooms, a wide hallway leading to a massive corner view bedroom, a full bar and more high tech buttons than anyone requires. From the marble and polished granite master bathroom (you could park a car in this one with plenty of space to spare) to the mood lighting and push button electronic curtains and drapes that covered the massive floor to ceiling windows, these suites and this hotel will definitely please. I was informed by pool attendant and the bellman that several film stars request this suite as well. We decided to enjoy a little pool side time and then the beach before a late afternoon nap and ultimately, dinner. The pool here is five star. Attendants escort guests to their choice of designer lounge seating and welcome you with several lush towels, designer umbrellas and bottles of water. On the beach however, don鈥檛 be surprised to see several topless bathers. With the horrible value of the dollar in Europe, cash goes quickly here also. Two cocktails at pool side amounted to a U.S. conversion of $56.00. It鈥檚 all relative when one considers that a suite at the Arts Hotel runs $1000 a night, plus, plus. Later that evening, while enjoying a state of the art shower system than can best be described as a private cocoon of marble with multiple and powerful water jets, (LBJ would have loved it) we were getting prepared for our evening on the town before the cruise the following day. We had reservations for a late dinner that night as we enjoyed the glittering lights of Barcelona from 28 floors beneath us. While getting ready, the extensive surround stereo sound system (even in the bathroom) lulled us with Andre Bocelli from CD鈥檚 provided ensuite. The concierge desk rang politely to tell us that our driver was downstairs and ready when we were. There were frequently so many black and midnight blue Mercedes S-Class sedans with suited drivers waiting outside this hotel that you鈥檇 think it was a diplomatic location. Admittedly, being driven around Barcelona in this manner is a great convenience and goes hand in hand with the culture of this hotel.After a 20 minute ride past the Ramblas into the buzz, sights and nightlife of downtown Barcelona, we arrived at a well established and popular restaurant called Botafumiero. A busy, elegant, old world seafood paradise. Reservations a must. Passing wall photos of famous former diners including politicians and actors, we were greeted warmly and escorted to our table. I had noticed that among the photos were Bill Clinton, Robert De Niro, Cuba Gooding and even King Juan Carlos and Queen Sophia posing with the owner. Apparently the Spanish royal family keeps a place in Barcelona and eat at Botafumiero. In a word, excellent. Had a wonderful shellfish broth, a great Cabernet and the Mediterranean sea bass. Slightly brisk but professional service with truly fabulous food. Highly recommended. Later we were driven around the sights and ended our evening at the large and busy casino next door to the hotel. The following morning we indulged in a memorably delicious breakfast amidst the gentle sea breeze surrounded by lush floral gardens and delightful service at the garden terrace of the hotel. This is one of many beautiful locations to eat at this hotel. In a matter of a few hour it was time to embark the Oceania Insignia for our Med voyage. Checkout was seamless and with our car and driver at the ready, we were off to the pier terminal for our Mediterranean cruise. The Arts is a stellar hotel with stellar service.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>newdigital999
<Content>Don't Do it - Not worth it Hotel has problems: Some uncleanliness, elevator problems, staff not helpful, but most of all not safe to leave hotel. There is only one entrance to enter hotel so makes it diffifult to enter or leave. Reason for this is theives and streetwalkers outside. No police to be seen at all outside. Had a sales conference here and had 6 thefts on street or room Professional thieves throughout the city. Be afraid or don't come.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>riaserre
<Content>Excellent hotel, service and staff Overall the hotel was excellent.......The reception staff and concierge were exceptional!!!We arrived around 11 am (before the designated check in time), and we were treated to a complimentary drink and breakfast buffet. We even had the concierge pass by and give us information packs about Barcelona. Our rooms were ready well before check in time.Despite being an expensive boutique hotel, the mood was very down to earth, and everyone was very helpful.My daughter enjoyed the kids club on site (additional fee), and Alicia was an excellent carer.The rooms were lovely and quite big for European standards. Bathrooms were amazing, with excellent showers...Food in the hotel was very good as well.We will definitely stay in Hotel Arts next time we are in Barcelona, despite the expensive rates. It was worth every penny spent....  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>alcocoxy
<Content>Consistently terrible service - not worth the cost I wouldn't normally write reviews, however after having such a stay at the weekend I feel compelled to recommend to others not to waste their money and stay at this hotel. Having stayed in a fair few Ritz Carlton's and other 5* hotels around the world and in Spain, I must say the standard of service was a complete let down. Many events happened during our stay (no room available, lost bag, no cleaning of room, lost drinks), most staff were incompetant and blamed the hotel being busy, to be honest I didn't want an excuse each time there was problem but a route to solve it. At the end of the stay we were offered a free breakfast for our inconvenience, which they forgot to apply, another example of overslack behaviour. Definately would not stay in this hotel again, very suprised with the usual high standards of ritz carlton's that the resort was ran so badly.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	3	5	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>MARLAIRE
<Content>Luxury but you pay for it       View of marina and pool area  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChicagoFrank
<Content>Excellent concierge service Stayed at the Arts with my wife for 3 nights and all I can say is it was a bliss! Rooms are very large for european standards, astonishing views of the Gaudi church from our 22nd floor and very comfortable bed. Concierge service is the best I have ever experienced. Delta lost our bags and Mery was extremely helpful and kept us updated. After several calls we had our luggage sent to the hotel, which was a relief! Carlos was also terrific and his restaurant recommendations were great. We were booked at Enoteca and Botafumero. He also arranged tickets for Palaue, which is a beautiful opera hall. They both remembered our names during our stay and made us feel like celebrities. On our last day we decided to take a train to Sitges for a getaway and it was really nice. I have always believed that concierge service makes the difference between a good and an excellent hotel and Hotel Arts concierge is definitely outstanding. I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>rkboca
<Content>nice hotel unexplained charge after checkout excellent room, facility and service. located on the water with a great view, but 10 minutes by taxi to central shopping and museums.charge of 6.5 euros for a small bottle of water at pool restaurant seemed excessive.unexplained charge of 52 euros appeared on my credit card bill after checkout. 2 requests to hotel for explanation have been unanswered.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BBU
<Content>super hotel We stayed at the hotel Arts for a romantic weekend. At arrival we received an upgrade (without any cost) to a sea view room with the most astonishing view (we booked a normal city view room).They said it's the policy of the hotel when they have rooms available. We travel a lot but this was the first time we received an upgrade without asking! This hotel has it all : nice food, swimming pool (not huge but as located near to the center of Barcelona more than big enough), amazing views from the rooms, superb furniture in the rooms, super spa.It's an ideal hotel for a city trip to barcelona as you can combine the visit to the busy city with an relaxed moment at the pool and a diner on the beach just one minute outside the hotel (try the carpe diem restaurant ).  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Nancy_and_Dennis
<Content>5 Stars Not Enough It is hard to do anything but add praise to Hotel Arts Barcelona. It is the finest hotel we have ever stayed in. Our 26th floor suite overlooked the Port Olympic Marina, and the Mediterranean Sea. It wasn''t until we checked out that we were even told about our upgrade. 5 Stars were not enough to describe ouir experience.Service was amazing. We were there for 7 days, and after the second day, many of the staff knew us by name. On our second day without luggage thanks to Iberia Airtlines, the young lady in Guest Relations took pity on us, and sent a complementry bottle of Cava to cheer us up, followed up the next night with a selection of tapas. We only had breakfast at the hotel, which was outstanding. The rest of the day we were out and about enjoying Barcelona, the most vibrant city we have ever been to. One block walk takes you to the Metro, and from there, you are minutes away from everything, or you can stroll to Las Ramblas in 30 minutes, mostly along the beach. There is also a plethera of fine restaurants and clubs of all types and at the hotel doorsteps.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DutchFlybaby
<Content>Great location, some flaws The view from the room was unbeatable; sunrise over the sea. The staff at the Marina terrace was good and the sea view is excellent. For after meeting-relaxation the hammocks in the garden are great.From a hotel in this category I expect a little more though. I couldn't book the hotel directly bc they claimed to be fully booked. Through the Amex travel service I could book a very nice suite with gorgeous views and lounge access. Some other points for improvement: When I checked in the mini bar had not been refilled. Taking a nespresso from the machine in the suite comes at an unannounced 4 euro (!) per cup. Standard amenities are very basic; the conditioner for example doesn't do anything. Another guest received an incorrect bill so I took time to check mine and found out I was charged for several items I did not consume.Overall the experience was enjoyable though for fine tuning they could learn a thing or two from the Four Seasons approach to overall perfection.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	3	4	2	

<Author>danny_morgan
<Content>YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR This hotel is not cheap but it is worth it from the moment you arrive to the room service top pool and the spa on roof unreal tv and sound system in the room bang and olsen I have stayed in a few in Barcelona nothing comes close to this. Nice area also and the view unreal.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Brauna
<Content>A perfect hotel We loved our stay at this wonderful hotel. From check in, where we were greeted by a delightful man named Gabriele, to the room, where we were upgraded to a magnificent suite, to the furnishings, the views, the food.My only disappointment was the spa. I had a good massage, but the facilities were being renovated, so no access to sauna etc. Also, it is quite complicated to get to the spa, but no real worry.Very nice fitness center. We ate dinner at the Arola Restaurant, which is quite good. The main restaurant of Sergei Arola is in Madrid, and this is a sister restaurant.The staff was fantastic. We had help when we needed it.I will definitely stay again at the Hotel Arts if I am back in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>barcelonabrat
<Content>Expensive hotel... Stayed at the Arts for two nights before our cruise. The hotel is the best one can get in barcelona. We had three rooms all next to each other....all great views. The service at the front desk was slow but all went ok.If you are american bring your money (alot of it)...everything costs a fortune. If you leave the hotel it will be less but not much.This hotel compares with a south beach type of hotel...open doors, european feel. ENJOY!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>legend16
<Content>Terrible!!! From the moment I check in to the time I left there were a number of problems in the hotel and the service from the staff was extremely poor.Since I booked a club room I had access to the club lounge where I checked in and there I was told I had a no show the previous night although I had a booking confirmation showing the correct dates. The staff promised I wouldn麓t be charged but of course they did and after several telephone calls they refunded my credit card.The club lounge was the only good thing about the hotel, located at floor 33, where delicous food five was served times a day along with french champagne and a large variety of wines.Later the same day the water stopped running in my room and after a long discussion with the staff I got a new room but not at the club level which meant constant problem to get to the club lounge even though the staff promised the new key should work to get to floor 33.On my last day I was going to see football and the tickets were delivered to the hotel 3 days before my arrival but the concierge found them a few hours before the game started after having searched for them for 2 days!!Do I need to say that I don麓t recommend anyone to stay at Arts Hotel Barcelona?  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	2	1	2	

<Author>Flipendo
<Content>Art in Barca I stayed in Arts Hotel in June 2006, being at a conference in Barcelona. It's a very high hotel, dramatically placed on the beach of Barcelona, in a very nice location - nearby all the bars and restaurants of the beach. The Hotel is one of Barcelona's proud for it's architecture (but what architecture isn't cool in Barcelona?). Rooms are big, and you should book one at the higher levels, to have a very beautiful sea-view. In my room I had a small problem with the shower. Food is fantastic, service is ok. At that time the hotel had some problems with the elevators and with the keys (cartels) of the level I stayed. Over all, an exquisit hotel with very much to offer. Even if it's expensive, I recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EssexBarnes
<Content>Utter luxury!!!!! Stayed for a couple of nights in April and i have to admit this is probably the most comfortable hotel i have ever stayed in.If you can, go for the Club Class rooms, truly amazing size with the the best bathroom/ shower room i have experienced.Club class gives you access to your own lounge with food  drink etc - Very comfortable.Great service and food for the late night snack i had in the 1st floor restaurant.Also excellent service from the bar staff who served us drinks in the garden area beside the swimming pool.Its the Arts every time for me!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ZMR
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful What a hotel. Excellent service. Excellent Rooms. The views are stunning as well. Best hotel in Spain by far. Will recommend to anyone  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>shinds
<Content>Perfect Bliss After having to move from another hotel int he city that we found inferior, it was a joy to arrive at a proper 5* hotel, where the service was impeccable and the whole experience enjoyable. The views from the rooms are magnificent, and worth being further out of town for. Also, the lcoation on the beach allows for walks along the beachfront on wide walkways. Hotel facilities as you would expect from Ritz Carlton, will definitely stay here again on return. All restaurant recommendations were excellent. Only downside was that they gave us an incorrect suitcase on departure that wasn't noticed until we arrived at the airport, but they immediately sent the correct one in a car and it did not delay our check in  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JamesL.
<Content>Amazing Hotel Wow, what an amazing hotel. We had a suite on the 19th floor (1901) overlooking the water and it was one of the nicest rooms we've ever had. Every detail, from the check-in, room service, concierge and restaurants were top notch. Obviously the location is the only drawback if you are looking to spend time in the city. The beach itself is just ok, with not very good sand.Plenty of restaurants nearby, easy walk to Born and Barri Gotic, Bus Touristic stop is right across the street.Yes, the price is steep but it's a clear case of you get what you pay for  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CAtravel39
<Content>Fun for the Kids and Adults We stayed at The Arts in two different rooms, so I have quite the review to give. We traveled to Spain with our two children and the first week we spent in a small town in Costa Brava and then moved the whole crew to the Arts for 5 nights. I can't say enough wonderful things about this hotel.We started out in the apartments which we had them move us to upon arrival. While amazingly spacious (two huge bedrooms with two large baths and amazing views) we felt that they were a little expensive for nothing in return. We actually felt a little left out up there. We then downgraded to our normal club level suite and LOVED it. The kids (3 and 2) were catered to in the club level (lots of PBJ's, fruit, etc). The free breakfast was amazing in both the club and the downstairs dining. We had them both sleep in the portable cribs and they received the most amazing bed set up and were given little gifts each night. They loved them. Not to mention every staff member there would get down on their level and laugh with them, etc.For the adults you can't beat the dining! We had a sitter come each night and went to eat at local restaurants and at the hotel and enjoyed each experience. The gym, pool and surrounding areas were great and in both rooms we had amazing views. We really enjoyed our stay here and will return when we go back.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>schellgirl
<Content>Beautiful hotel My husband attended a conferece held at the Hotel Arts and my daughters (then aged 9, 7 and 3) tagged along. We stayed the first few nights at the Gran Derby (quite a deal) and then 5 nights at the Hotel Arts.The Hotel Arts is owned by Ritz Carlton and it just what you would expect from a Ritz Carlton - fabulous service and amenties and expensive.We had two connecting rooms, covering the corner of a floor. The view of the city and water was wonderful. Staff was very cordial and helpful. The hotel isn't centrally located, though. It is right on the water. As we went in February, there may very well be much more to do in the surrounding area in better weather. Also, the hotel pool looked amazing but again, we were there too early to enjoy it.Excellent amentities in the bathrooms, as well as large tubs and soaking showers. The girls loved the bath salts and child-sized robes.I would definitely recommend the hotel. If the price is too high, and you are traveling with your family, consider the Gran Derby.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JonnySLondon
<Content>Very, very Stylish. But you do pay for it.If value-for-money is important to you, then you shouldn't be looking at this hotel.We stayed in a club level room, and it was sumptuous. We have stayed in some nice places over the years and I don't ever recall my wife looking so impressed at the standard of the room as she did here.The bed was so comfortable.The bathroom was very smart, dual sinks in the middle - one side had a separate room for the toilet and bidet, and a separate wet room for the shower. The other side had a recess with the bath in it. My wife now wants the same arrangement at home.....Staying at the club level gives you access to the club lounge. They have five different buffet spreads on per day, nothing substantial, but enough so that you don't need to eat elsewhere if you don't want to. Plus there seems to be an endless supply of champagne.The service in the club lounge is very attentive, but not intrusive.It was unfortunate that we were in Barcelona for the heaviest rain that they have ever known, and the hotel was not geared up for it. Water was leaking into the club lounge. As a result of the leaks into other parts of the hotel they had to turn the water to the rooms off for most of Saturday afternoon / evening while repairs were conducted. This was incredibly inconvenient if you were there at the time but I doubt that that is a regular occurrence.The location is a bit far from the centre of town, it is at the very boundary of walkable, and that is only if you have a lot of energy. There is a metro station nearby though, and the concierge at the entrance have a button for summoning taxis.As for the noise, we were on the 30th floor and from there we could hear the sirens of emergency vehicles, and the whistle of the policeman directing traffic outside, but not too much else.In summary, I would only recommend this place if you want to spend a load of money on a treat.You can expect to see some celebrities while you are there too.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>slaviucindolBG
<Content>Bad service It is the worst service i have seen in a five star hotel. they could not read our visa in the club level so we have to pay cash. after that due to unexpected maintenance work we stayed without water a whole saturday! can you imagine - without water in ritz carlton property!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	3	1	

<Author>Flunie
<Content>Beautiful but watch your wallet My wife and I just spent 4 nights at the Hotel Arts in Barcelona as part of a corporate conference. At first I was uncertain about the location, being next to the pier and Marina as opposed to the centre o ftown. However, it turned out to actually be a plus, since the weather was gorgeous and it was really a pleasure having access to the pool, beach and pier. Getting to and from the city centre was never a problem, either by taxi or subway. I would say, though it麓s key to get a room with a sea view. Apparently there is construction and scaffolding for all rooms below the 8th floor, and we complained at the front desk so a very nice young man upgraded us to the 9th floor with a beautiful sea view. The room was very nice, not huge, but with a large bathroom and one of the best showers I麓ve had. In general, the hotel was great. Very nicely designed, great food and excellent service with terrific concierges. BUT, it麓s a good thing our company was paying the bill since prices were outrageous. We were charged 18 Euros for a sangria in the bar, and my wife was going to have her hair done in the salon before a black tie dinner until she learned it was 120 Euros. Outrageous. The only other thing to mention is that the hotel was very busy and noisy, perhaps due to a long holiday weekend in Barcelona. Finally, out of our group of about 65 couples, 5 or 6 people were either pickpocketed or had purses, cellphones, bags stolen from them, 2 incidents happened in the hotel. Although the hotel dealt with it quickly and sympathetically, you got the feeling this was extremely commonplace. It麓s a real shame that people had their trips ruined like this. I can麓t believe why such a beautiful city and country can麓t do something to better protect its tourists.So, enjoy Hotel Arts and Barcelona, but watch your wallet on both counts.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>misssuzieh
<Content>Gorgeous and luxurious hotel       Big fish from pool beds  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>karenStockport
<Content>5 STAR HOTEL 3 STAR STAFF Stayed here 5th-9th April to celebrate my 40th birthday.A very speedy checkin, as we were whisked off straight up to club lounge. A warm welcome in club ,but noticed almost every guest after us were greeted with a chilled glass of champagne and we weren't!! Ok we just assumed a slight oversight on their behalf and maybe they didn't have time before our arrival. Anyway ,room was what we booked, 2 doubles on club floor with a view of the beach and the city. But considering we were in Barcelona for a birthday celebration there were no extras in the room, such as a cake, or some chocolates or a bottle of champagne to add a little special extra touch. But we had booked a romance package which included a butler and breakfast the following morning but unfortunately concierge on club level FORGOT to arrange it for us!!!! O.k then, another oversight!!!! Next, my daughter was told she couldn't take her cookies to the room as all food was to be eaten inside the club lounge. Which was fine and we explained to her that if these were the rules then fair enough, until, less than 5 minutes later another guest simply waltzed out of the lounge holding a glass of wine and a slice of cake,while watched by a member of staff who simply smiled at her. At this point we were beginning to get the feeling that this was not a very child friendly hotel, and different rules applied to different people.And we have stayed at 3 other Ritz hotels, all club level and never experienced anything like this strange attitude to younger guests at all. Obviously, we did complain to management who did apologize but they didn't make up for the forgotten romance package, we didn't even get a complimentary chocolate, never mind a bottle of champagne. My overall opinion of Hotel Arts is that it is a beautiful hotel, in a nice location although slightly noisy because of the hotel's position(part beach, part city). Food is nice but not much choice on club level, drinks a plenty though. But staff, who need to work experience in the USA to learn how to meet the levels of service that Ritz Carlton guests truly expect and deserve alongside their children, who possibly are their guests of the future.One final comment which we found EXTREMELY IRRITATING was regarding the lovely flat screen plasma in the club lounge which only played dvd's ALL day. But to add to this misery it played only CHARLIE CHAPLIN dvd's ALL DAY. Please change this Hotel Arts if you read this review , to a watchable T.V before it drives all your guests insane or sends them to sleep.ZzZzZzZz  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	5	1	5	

<Author>PIno32
<Content>Class act Great Service throughout the hotel. Oasis in the city, Very central, great views over the coast. Fantastic floral displays. Was there with my 1 year old daughter, she loved it and the staff were so nice to her. Rooms were huge with bang and olefson (if thats how you spell it) TV and stereo system with ipod connectivity. You can also bring your own DVDs and watch them, again great for kids, my daughter was able to watch her Barney and friends DVD.Breakfast was a bit costly, but worth every penny. You can also eat breakfast al fresco, with champagne and all sorts of culinary delights.OK have a few gripes. First of all, they should include all taxes in everything they charge for, particularly on room service where they charge you for the service, despite charging quite highly on the items being ordered. Could have better toiletries in the bathroom, my wife hated the conditioner.Otherwise had the most fantastic experience. Definately am back in my wifes good books.... until next time. Adios.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>quattromonti
<Content>Excelent views, top service! This hotel is located in Barceloneta just 3 minutes from the L4 metro line and just behind the best beach in Barcelona. Rooms are huge and have BO TVs and CDs. Bathroom is very big. In the evening a lot of bars/restaurants nearby!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SentosaDubai_UAE
<Content>Arts for Arts sake!! Difficult to start the review for this particular hotel. The arrival and greeting on formal name terms is endearing and the friendliness of staff genuine almost relaxing after a long journey. Reception is a dream area with the abundance of fresh flora and fauna. I stayed in room 1414 with sea and city views. It was pretty noisy being next to a casino and lots of sirens from police and ambulances all night. The room though was just a perfect size and one of the most comfortable I have stayed in. Bang Olufson sounds and TV were superb and bathrooms divine. Now the downside of the place. The mini-bar prices are totally outrageous and the most expensive I have ever seen. A beautiful coffee machine was there, work of art but users beware that each and every tiny sachet you use is 4 Euros, each small bottle of water is 5 Euros and each can of Coke 7 Euros, totally outrageous on the VERY expensive rates they charge for the room. Breakfast runs at 30 Euros per person and BEWARE they have IVA (VAT) on everything! So if you want luxury it comes at a cost and this place costs., believe me! At the rate they charge free bottled water and free tea/coffee would be small change for the hotel. The Six Senses Spa on the top floors again is a 40 Euro entrance and includes no extra treatments. The booklet they leave in your room has no price list which begs to make one think if you need to know the price its too expensive for you? To eat in the hotel or use the bar well be ready for really high prices, but fantastic presentation. The area around the hotel has pleanty of excellent local restaurants and bars with great atmosphere, The Agua restaurant was fantastic food and ambiance. Barcelona is a great place and really upcoming. They profess that the Rolling Stones stayed here. Might be nice to see a TA Report from Mick or Keith ..??? To me though the Arts hotel is more business like than leisure but who knows I may return, never say never! Happy travels! Ciao  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CheshireScottie
<Content>"Outstanding" This truly is a stunning hotel and the facilities are fantastic. My room was superb with a excellent bed, great stereo and TV, blinds I could control from the bed to wake up to a stunning view.The wet room in the bathroom was fantastic and I must admit could have stayed in there for hours.The location is fantastic for the beach and the great restaurants in the marina. Barcelona is a stunning city with a wealth of things to see and great shops for the ladies.If your looking for a special hotel then this has it all. N ot a cheap experience but worth every penny.I ran a european conference here and the conference facilities are some of the best I've used and the staff are there to support you every step of the way.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>welltraveledA
<Content>not for everyone its an expensive hotel in a beach front location far from downtownfor me will be first and last visit mainly because of price and locationpro:good size room,nice view,modern decoration,room full of amenitiescon:big hotel,little charm,low value for the price,locationif you will stay in summer and like beach location far from heart of the city maybe its ok if price is not an issue for you,even is far from downtown you have pto olimpico restaurants downstairs with something for every budget and taste also walking to ramblas with nice weather is something will never forget :beach,barceloneta,port,maremagnum,colon,ramblas,mercado,gotico,plaza :its a 2 to 3 hours walk that really worth it  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>AAflyerSeattle
<Content>Cool Hotel in Barcelona A beautiful and modern hotel in Barcelona. The things we loved included, our beautiful room with very modern features, flat screen TV, large bathroom, with a wonderful, large shower. Shower had multiple shower heads which is rare in most hotels. There was a great coffee machine in our room..we made espresso each morning. The privacy screen completely blocked any light coming into the room. Definitely ask for a wake up call. Staff was super friendly and helpful. Most spoke perfect English. We had a King size bed and it was super comfortable. Some comments for anyone considering visiting Barcelona and this hotel: I definitely want to comment on the pick pockets..it is a big problem and happened to one of our friends on the same trip. Watch your wallet and purse, no matter where you are. There is a casino next door and on the Friday night, we could hear the disco music until 3 am in the morning, so I would book on a higher floor next time. There is some traffic noise, but not terrible. Breakfast buffet at the hotel is great. Also ate at their small snack restaurant, I think called Bites and it was just ok. But with plenty of restaurants in the city, this wasn't a big deal. Finally, you do need to take a Metro or cab for shopping in the old section of town. If this is important, I would stay closer to Las Ramblas.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>johnpoulson
<Content>Impressive if pricey       hotel room  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FastFreddy
<Content>Superb getaway in top luxury For my wife's birthday, I joined her in Barcelona for a lovebirds week-end in Barcelona. As we have experienced the Ritz Carlton experience in quite a few hotels, we wanted to try the best hotel in Barcelona.What can I say:- The views are outstanding, either to the sea, or to the city (sunrise on the Sagrada Familia is a must)- Rooms are large and very well fitted (some lack of noise insulation)- Spa is an absolute must, the view of the city from the 43rd floor is simply breathtaking and sitting in a sauna with Barcelona at your feet, through a window is simply something to live once.- Pool is small, not tried as too cold (january!) but close ot the beach and caf茅s.Did not try the restaurant (went to the Gorria - Basque Restaurant and Butafumeiro).All in all, fantastic hotel, a must, even for a couple of days...We even visited the appartments on 32nd floor and up to 42nd... simply unbelievable... Superb deco, BangOlufsen everywhere...One of the best we've been lately... Enjoy!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>misstee
<Content>Out of this world, felt like being in a James Bond movie!! I was fortunate enough to stay at this hotel for a mere 3nights on part of our honeymoon. All I can say is I cannot believe there are any bad reviews for this place, it was so utterly beautiful. We were very lucky, booked with expedia, got a great rate, just a normal room, but I mentioned in the request box that it was our honeymoon, and any extras would be welcome!. It was with disbelief that when we checked in, the lady on the front desk took us into the lift ,and showed us how to insert our special key, to get to the 2 top floors, as we had been upgraded to an exclusive room on the top 2 floors, which only the lucky few, very rich, had access to. There was a special lounge on this floor, with 360 degree views and free drinks and food whenever you wanted! We had champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries just before we went out for the evening, and I felt like I was in a James Bond Movie. The skyline looks so gorgeous at night, and the hotel staff just make you feel as though you've won the lottery!! The room was a corner room and had floor to ceiling glass windows,all the way around, with a small lounge area, large bathroom with double shower wet room, bath, and every gadget you could think of. We could lie in our fabulous, sumptuous beds, and using a remote control, bring down electronic shutters to all the windows! They even had their own cd called Barcelona Nights for you to play! The sound system was excellent. The view from the room was just incredible at night. I was very impressed with the design, and detail of everything, and the service, and breakfast were excellent. The outdoor swimming pool was surrounded by double-bed sun loungers, with thick mattresses., which I thought was a lovely thought- free fruit and iced water, towels, were all waiting for you. It is true though that it was a little noisy with traffic, as you are not that far from the roads, although you can't see them, (you are kind of, underneath the incredible big bronze statue. )But you can't really complain, as you are in the centre of Barcelona and I think it kind of added to the excitement of the city! The beach is only a short walk over the busy road, and is lovely soft sand, but no shade (atificial beach but you couldn't tell! )so watch out! We were also able to walk to restaurants in the evening. Just a tip to say that we took an open top bus tour which was a great way to see everything, but I was devasted to find that when we arrived to go around gaudi's palace, they only accept cash at the entrance, and we had missed all banks as they all shut for siesta around 2.30pm and hubby forgot pin!!. So we have an excuse to go back!! I truely hope so!! To sum it up, total luxury, will greatly appeal to people who appreciate art and culture, or want something extra special, quality and service. Not a place to take young kids though, its just too posh!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>travelingmom526
<Content>Special City Property We stayed at this hotel prior to a cruise and loved it. The hotel is very modern with a great location and view of the city. We were escorted to our room by the front desk person who checked us in ( a nice touch) and the room was unbelievable. Floor to ceiling windows with an awesome view. Electronic everything from lights to window shades to music, to door locks...all at the push of a button. The room was very spacious by European standards and well accomodated our family of four. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was great. The pool was very nice and inviting but skip the breakfast buffet, especially if you are an American. It was not very appealing and was very overpriced. We did eat in both of the hotel restaurants for lunch and dinner and both were good. It was a very nice beginning to a terrific vacation. You will love this place.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tw92
<Content>Luxurious But Missing Warmth We heard so much about this hotel and frankly, were underwhelmed. Checking in was an ordeal. Hotel staff members were courteous but impersonal. The elevators were always full and waiting for them could be interminable. And there was just some key feature missing that would set this hotel apart as a true luxury lodging choice. I would say, it did not have a soul.There were benefits, admittedly. The best aspect of the hotel for us were the terrific beds: so inviting and sleep-inducing! The legendary shower was a fun experience although trying to set all the shower heads to the right temperature was a challenge!T he room views were amazing as well. We greatly enjoyed the nearby restaurants and beach. (Stay away from the restaurants with beckoning waiters. The eateries we liked best were the ones outdoors with awnings/ tent roofs.) Our kids liked the outdoor pool (still warm outside in Oct!)  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>trellism
<Content>Amazing views, amazing hotel I've now stayed here 3 times and it's always been a pleasure.The first time I came here, we were upgraded and had access to El Club, with free food and drink on tap any time. That was brilliant, but the clubhouse itself was inhabited by bored American teenagers who spent most of the time sulking because the hotel's policy means they won't serve alcohol to under 21s. The thought that they could leave the hotel and drink never crossed their minds.However. The hotel is very elegant and we have always had amazing views of the sea. The service is very good (the concierge was very helpful in finding us interesting restaurants) and the breakfast on the terrace is fantastic. We had one minor niggle, once, where the air conditioning in our room began leaking. This was fixed very quickly while we were out. We noticed that the sand in the ashtrays by the lift (this is Spain after all, where smoking is a national pastime) were stamped with the hotel's logo. As a test of the hotel's service standards, we dibbled in the sand and timed how long it took for someone to come around and re-stamp it. Not that long, as it turns out.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ppsh507
<Content>Gorgeous but stupid What a pity to have such a beautifully designed hotel only to let it rot away in its own filth and fill it with dim staff. Stayed in a huge corner suite with beautiful views of the sea... if you can get past the dozens of forehead prints in the windows. The bedding is luxurious but the headboard full of handprints. The Bathroom very large but is moldy, the marble is unfortunately stained, and the toilet disgustingly dirty upon arrival. The maid didn't come for the first 3 days of our stay. We complained over and over again only to have the manager tell us to take it up with Ritz Carleton. Called the RC group only to be told I should have taken it up with local management. The pool area was very comfortable with free fruit, thick towels, hanging beds, magazines... and nons-stop honking and sirens from the city below. I was there on a corporate awards event and was surprised to hear that our problems were not isolated or bad luck. Many people couldn't find their maid, and one colleague had a laptop stolen from his room. The catering of the actual evening events was almost inedible. I do not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>cflorin
<Content>Great design and good service Great stay at this hotel, I enjoyed the view on the sea with the rising sun in the morning and the excellent design in the room. I read somewhere that the Rolling Stones were twice in the hotel this year so i felt like arock star. It's a pity Icould not try the 24th floor spa but there is an excellent fitness. my wife joined me for 1 night and was delighted as well by the choice of restaurant from the Concierge.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>awsculli
<Content>Back Street Boogie This is a state of the art hotel on the beach at Barcelona, catering for both business and pleasure. Probably one of the top hotels, although as it is the only one I have stayed at I cannot compare it to others. Room was excellent, and the bathroom would be classed as luxury. Service was second to none, although the set up of the entrance and the reception being on separate floors is a bit odd. Location is great, with beachfront restaurants in easy walk. The old town is easily reached by either bus or metro, for just over a Euro. If you want to see Barcelona and want to be pampered then stay at the Arts.We shared our stay with some celebrities, so there were several fans waiting outside to catch a glimpse of the band which made for an amusing time.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MauiWorldTravelers
<Content>Beautiful hotel! Stayed 3 nights at this beautiful hotel, which is central to the Olimpica Metro stop, and directly across from Port Olimpica, which is full of restaurants and bars.We were greeted by name upon arrival to the front desk on the second level. Very impressive, as they probably radio from valet to the front desk, letting them know who's coming up in the elevator. Check in was fast and very professional.The interior design of the hotel is so us. Very contemporary, clean, straight lines, and gorgeous floral arrangements.The view we had was of Port Olimpic. The room was so relaxing, yet upbeat. A beautiful flat screen tv, along with a cd/dvd player/home theatre sound is there to keep you company. A master power control center (located bedside in one of the night stands) can control all the lights in the room, as well as the power curtains.The bathroom is to die for. Travertine is on the floor and climbs up the walls to the ceiling. Huge shower and separate tub. The sinks were the double bowls that sit atop the counter (while striking in design, it's not very user-friendly in the sense that water splashes everywhere with the design of the faucet and bowl) .Taxis are lined up and are very easy to get. We had 2 huge suitcases and couldn't wait for a large taxi to arrive; we paid 20 euro and had the chauffer drive us to our destination in an S-class.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>louiseLiverpool
<Content>Perfect stay was a bit concerned after reading mixed reviews but would highly reccomend this hotel, we were upgraded to sea front view and as it was my 30th birthday they had a complimentary cake waiting for me in my room!! the hotel staff could not do enough, very accomodating. The breakfast was amazing and it was lovely sitting out in the early morning sun to eat it. Rooms very spacious, comfy beds and the bathroom was out of this world, only problem we did have was we did have to ask for the room to be made up after returning as it had not been done, but this was then done immediately.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Pretzellogix
<Content>Lovely       City view from room  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>csattsjr
<Content>Great hotel, little busy The Hotel Arts is a beautiful, very modern hotel located on the beach in Barcelona. I was a little disappointed as the hotel was extremely busy, and it changed the whole ambiance of the hotel. You could not walk anywhere without there being at least 30 people surrounding you. Additionally, the elevators were very inefficient, often skipping floors. We actually stood in line for an elevator for 20 minutes. For a high rise (about 42 floors) building, I expected a little bit more efficiency. The spa was to die for, the views were amazing and the relaxation room you are taken to after your treatment has 6 beds where you can choose to nap or relax. The club floors came with great amenities and my glass was always full of champagne as they never let my glass remain empty for too long. One other complaint, the maids smoked cigarettes continuously in their quarters, which happened to be right outside our room, so the hallway always stunk of cigarette smoke. Overall, beautiful hotel, great location next to the marina and amazing views.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>crystalladybug
<Content>Nice view I stayed there with my husband and his family. We had a really nice room with stunning ocean view.very very nice room.but it took us very long to check in . so many people were waiting.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeasonedTraveler73
<Content>I've stayed at much nicer hotels... Everything from unseasoned staff to lack of cleaniness made our stay less than impressive. This hotel has seen better days. The decor was ok, it reminded me of the W in San Fran, but without artwork in the rooms and other little touchs...in fact the furniture was beat-up and worn-out. The shower, which I'm sure was nice when it was new, was gross and was in serious need of bleaching...I don't care for bathing in a moldy shower (something I would expect from a lower tier hotel perhaps). During our seven day stay the floor in the bathroom was never cleaned. We had an incident where the staff enter our room while we had the privacy light on and when we questioned it, the front desk stated they were having difficulities with their system and perhaps we didn't leave the red light on...which was not true, we we returned to our room the staff person was in our room and the do not distrub light was clearly on. We inquired about a private tour around Barcelona and were given a brochure for a bus tour - hmmm, I believe they missed the boat on who their target audience appears to be. They also directed us to a closed train station...it appears the rest of Barcelona knew the station was closed for repairs. Another stunning display of customer care was when my husband and I left early to go sight seeing. On our way out of the room, my husband mentioned to me that we were out of toilet paper, we agreed that there was no need to call and request more as this would be taken care when the staff came to clean the room. Upon returning later than evening, we were welcomed to a room with no toilet paper...I guess the cleaning staff and turn-down service were out of it each time the tended to our room. When I called to request a new roll, it took them over 30 minutes to bring us new ones...I wish I was joking. Later in the week we requested two extra pillows and that took over an hour and two calls to be delivered. Interestingly enough, we had just spent the previous week at a Marriot in Vienna were the service was incredible and the room was clean! If you are looking for Ritz Carlton service, I would not recommend Hotel Arts...they truly don't match the stays I've had in Maui or Palm Beach.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	3	2	4	3	4	

<Author>Objective37
<Content>Amazing Both I and my partner spent the most wonderful of weekends recently at the splendid Hotel Arts operatedby Ritz Carlton in BarcelonaThe service from staff stands out as being one of the best levels of service we have ever experienced!Staff members inclusing Juan and Carlos stand out for us in terms of their expertise, professionalism and sense of welcomeThis commenced from the moment we arrived at the lobby through to the check in experience.We also had the privelage of an upgrade to one of their suites on the 29th floor!This along with the Ritz Madrid stands out as one of our best yet and is a definate return for usR and R  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lmcruz07
<Content>Just Incredible!       Flat panel TV  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clieves
<Content>Beautiful Hotel My wife and I stayed at the Arts for 3 nights in a club room. The hotel is very stylish with beautiful interiors and stunning flower and fruit arrangements throughout. The bedroom was very spacious and stylishly furnished with a huge bed and fabulous linens. There was also a fantastic Bang  Olufsen flat screen TV and sound system. The bathrooms are very smart with separate WC and huge walk in shower as well as 2 basins and a bath. Massive white towels, everything you would expect from a deluxe hotel. Most criticism on the site seems to be about the level of service. Here are some of our experiences, the hotel pre booked all our dinner reservations prior to our arrival at some of the city鈥檚 top restaurants. The night we arrived we had to change plans on an ongoing basis as my wife鈥檚 flight was severely delayed (we were travelling from different cities) meaning our original dinner plans had to be abandoned. The girls in the club lounge looked after all of this (whilst I was reading a book and enjoying a free glass of wine or two!) and when my wife finally arrived Bites had been kept open so that we could eat there. The service was perfect and for people who complain about the price of everything, I do not think Euro90 over the top for two main courses, a bottle or wine, a couple of bottles of water and coffees. These are normal deluxe hotel charges. The following morning we were greeted in the lounge by name and enjoyed a very pleasant breakfast. After a day鈥檚 sightseeing we again used the lounge facilities pre dinner. A well stocked bar and different types of food depending on the time of day are always available. The lounge staff worked out which bars in the city would be showing the rugby world cup semi finals for us to watch on the Saturday and generally helped whenever they could. The level of service continued like this throughout.That is about all really apart from the say the longest we waited for a lift was one minute and our room was on the 32nd floor.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>fussyfamily
<Content>Poor Arts has had its day Cracks are clearly appearing in the Arts and it is in need of an overhaul.I have stayed here a few times. Last time in January with my wife and this time on business. In Jan we went for it and booked an expensive Club Room for a romantic weekend. This gives you access to the Club floor with breakfast and drinks thrown in. Or should do. One morning they effectively kicked my wife out of breakfast because they thought she was not from the club rooms. Despite apologies and rose petals on our bed we decided not to go back.However, I have just been again for a business conference.And that is what the Arts is all about - business conferences.They don't need to be good on service as most people are not paying the bills and won't even appreciate the service anyway.Everyone gets drunk in the bar until 3am and the hotel makes money.Even for business conferences it is a rip off- the amount they charge for basic business items is criminal.In fairness some things don't change. The design of the hotel, the rooms are holding up amazingly well, the food is very good, the conciege very good and the location is nice. ( beware of the many pickpockets in the area)But the arts is neither trendy nor high rolling and there are many better hotels in Barcelona nowadays.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>breezy111
<Content>Services not impressed It's a gorgeous hotel overall. The hotel is modern, the view is amazing and the room, especially the bathroom, is out-of-this-world. However, beware of the hotel service, which is definitely sub-standard for its class and price range. The hotel is unbelievably stingy! The housekeeping would not refresh the toiletries or towels every day. In fact, they took away towels and toiletries, like second roll of toilet papers, we requested the night before. We have to keep asking for additional toiletry day after day.There is also no complimentary coffee in the lobby in the morning and you are expected to pay 4 euros for an expresso pouch and some more $ for water to make your own coffee in your room. The hotel staff also did not seem to be familiar with the affiliated third-party tourist services the hotel provided. The concierge sent us on a few wild goose chases because they did not know where the tour bus stop and restaurants they recommended were and their hours of operations. It's extremely frustrating when you paid so much and expected to depend on their local knowledge to explore and enjoy your stay in a foreign city.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	3	1	-1	

<Author>Vanluxe
<Content>Great ambiance, shocking service       Hallway flowers, lobby level toward lifts  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>tvarich
<Content>Horrible horrible horrible service, great view, wouldn't send my worst enemy Dirty, two sorts of staff, Mildly disinterested or downright offensive, for Euro 2000 a night we stupidly expected someone might carry our bags, the shower might work and there wouldn't be a pile of dirty dishes in the room - the apartment suites are very tired, quite grubby and deafeningly noisy. turn down service only works on the day you arrive, breakfast sucks, the doormen run away if you're lucky enough to make eye contact, and complaints are dismissed with fairly brutal accusations of lying. The Butler who greeted us on arrival,04/10, Peter, marvellous friendly helpful - though unable to lift bags - after that the unemployable took over - there are several much better places to stay in Barcelona, including the benches in the railway station.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>StefanUsa
<Content>Very mixed feelings This is place is far overpriced ! And beside the spectacular prices, they charge you for basically ANYTHING else鈥︹€nd they know their prices. Be prepared to pay 4 Euro for an in-room coffee made yourself by the coffeemaker in the room (and then add the tax to it) or 7 Euro for a coke taken from you minibar (again without the tax). Anything room service brought to the room will be applicable to a 6 euro delivery charge on top of the already high prices. Just to give you an idea !At these rates you would expect it to be flawless. But it鈥檚 far from that. When we arrived in the room the toilet was far from clean and contained stains of sh鈥 from the previous guest. We immediately called the manager on duty who, after 25 minutes, arrived to the room. He acted shocked and advised to send housekeeping right away. This took another 30 minutes and when the girl left, nothing was changed. Again we called the manager and came up to the room with the Head Housekeeping. Naturally both were shocked and housekeeping was called again. Then things were cleaned as they were supposed to !As a gesture for the inconvenience we received a dinner for two ! And that鈥檚 where the hotel came in place for it鈥檚 5 star status. The food all over the hotel is simply great. From dinner to breakfast. Absolutely great quality.Be also aware that the hotel is extremely noisy. Being on the 25th floor, we still hear traffic and people partying on the beach for almost the whole night.All in all a disappointing experience and not something we would consider a second time !  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Cyclenirvana
<Content>Beautiful view but too costly The Hotel Arts is an absolutely beautiful hotel. The suite room we had overlooked part of the ocean and the city. The service staff was above average. Glad we stayed here but would not do it again. There is absolutely nothing here that is complimentary which is amazing considering the cost. In room coffee costs 6 euros/pod. Internet access is 20 euros/24 hours. The best restaurant recommendations we received was from a friendly taxi driver. Don't get me wrong...this is a nice hotel. But I have stayed in better and far more unique hotels for less than 1/2 the cost of this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>sepos
<Content>too expensive I had a corporate rate of 230Euro which is about half the going rate. I still think it was a ripoff.Hotel nickels and dimes you for everything, They even charge you for coffee in your room.Bathroom in room is magnificent.The shower is second to none.For heaven's sake, enjoy it with your SO.Gym is fantastic.Hotel location is a bit far from any site except the beach.The immediate area around the hotel is SLEAZY!It is so ridiculous it is worth looking at the male and female pole dancers right next to the hotel. I was totally taken aback.Overall, considering everything, i would stay at a hotel in a more central area.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	1	5	3	4	3	

<Author>andyrossjohnston
<Content>Best hotel in my life If you are fortunate enough to take a trip to Barcelona and its beautiful city, be sure to stay at this amazing hotel. It has 28 fabulous apartments which have views second to none over the marina, beach and city, as well as standard rooms. The d茅cor is modern and extremely comfortable with fresh flowers daily around the Hotel, its corridors and rooms.The restaurant is atmospheric with fine food. It has a very comfortable relaxing lounge area with modern fire place, to relax before your meal.It has a beautiful pool area with lounge furniture and hammocks to relax in and also a hot spa tub.By far the staff at this hotel make your stay very memorable. They are courteous, friendly and cannot do enough to make your stay comfortable. We had our anniversary here and would not hesitate to recommend this as a very special place to stay on your special occasion.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goodmannersUk
<Content>Beautiful hotel but beware of groups We stayed from 23/08 until 29/08. Having read some of the reviews we were a little apprehensive about staying - would we get a good room, etc. We were given a stunning room on the 27th floor with a view of the city and the beach. The hotel is truly beautiful and as it was summer we took great advantage of the pool and jacuzzi. Except for the last day, we had a good time. The only downfalls were: a lot of very bad mannered teenagers use the jacuzzi and ate ice cream in the tub with the consequence that a lot of empty glassware was left around the side. Also the children placed serviettes and plastic cups in the water. Apart from this, the staff were very helpful and the hotel kept very clean. Our last day was spoilt due to a group, MetLife, reserving at the last moment the whole of the hotel - consequently the pool was closed at 6pm (very early for summer) with very little notice (the notice didn't go up until 10am that day) and some of the staff from the group not very polite as they were already milling around guests trying to relax. Several other guests complained as well but as the hotel was short of staff, some of these were placed to assist the group and as a result the service went down a little. I would still highly recommend the hotel despite this disappointment but would strongly advise you to find out if other groups are booked at the same time or not. Groups need to understand that individual guests go to the hotel to relax and not be stressed out by so many people milling around and as it was our wedding anniversary we felt doubly cheated that day.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Murphy14
<Content>Fabulous time at Hotel Arts My family and I absolutely enjoyed our one night stay at the beautiful Hotel Arts. From the moment we arrived staff at the front desk, pool, restaurant and valets were extremely friendly and helpful. We had adjoining rooms on the 12th floor with breathtaking views of the city and water. The rooms, decorated in a warm contemporary style, had every amenity and electronic gadget one can imagine. Beds were beyond comfortable and the bathroom and shower had many special touches. The pool area was perfect with double beach towels and hammocks, extras we enjoyed. We only had one meal at the hotel, the buffet breakfast, the decor was lovely, the food delicious and the service perfect.The only negative related to the in room coffee maker. First off, the coffee and fixings are located in a box in the cabinet and ours was a mess having been used and not replenished after previous guests. We had to call several times to have new products brought to the room and then were charged a hefty fee for each cup of espresso.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Howie69
<Content>AMAZING Spent 5 nights on our 22nd wedding anniversary in September 2006.Booked through AMEX an Executive Suite with club lounge access as under their programme you may get a room upgrade on arrival. Sure enough as the hotel knew it was our anniversary we were upgraded to the Japanese Suite on the 30th floor. This suite is fantastic, it is the complete length of the hotel with views over the sea, 1760sq feet. It has Japanese-inspired contemporary design, Spacious lounge area with built-in bar, Dining room with adjacent kitchen, Large marble bathroom, King-size bedroom located on the corner with views overlooking the Mediterranean with floor to ceiling windows. Bang  Olufsen TV's and stereo.My wife and I were 'blown away'. The staff were the best I have ever seen and the few assigned to the Club lounge always remembered your name. The Club lounge situated on the 33rd floor was fantastic with their many 'food presentations' per day and unlimited drinks. The early evening chocolate dipped strawberries went down very well with the wine!!The pool area was very good with excellent attentive staff placing your towels out for you and ice cold (free) bottled water. Several times the pool bar staff brought around free cocktails to try - a nice touch. We did have lunch at the poolside on one occasion which was very good.We only ate once in the restaurant, (as the food in the club lounge was adequate for our needs....and included!!) the quality and service was excellent.There is plenty of night life opposite the hotel with plenty of bars and restaurants. The Hard Rock Cafe is a must and much cheaper than London's!We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and if you can manage the extra cost of a club room you will not be disappointed with the food  drink on offer.Have a great time  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mbprincess
<Content>Lazy, poor service This hotel is beautiful and the location is wonderful. The views from all rooms are unparalleled since this is one of the tallest buildings in the city. The rooms are nice and the linens on the beds are very comfortable. The service at the hotel is appalling and no amount of asking for help actually produced results. Some examples of basic requests that we were never able to get during our fours days there: having the room cleaned every day, having a coffee maker in the room (that was supposed to be there already), asking for a do not disturb on our telephone line as we tried to sleep of jet-lag (they would do it for outside callers but the mini-bar people and other staff would ring any way). We had also asked ahead of time for reservations in the restaurants in the hotel, were ignored and then not given much help in finding places to dine. The airlines delayed our luggage and even when it was finally delivered to the hotel, they didn鈥檛 give it to us. When we insisted on seeing their luggage room (since the airline claimed they had delivered it) they did admit they had bags they couldn鈥檛 identify. The bags had our names six places on the outside and two on the inside. There is no gift shop in the hotel where you can buy even the most basic toiletries and no help from the staff getting so much as an extra tube of shampoo.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Brid
<Content>Yes!!! We had two interconnecting rooms, city view. Wow it was great to watch the light changing and see every sight from our 14th floor windows. The rooms were immaculate, beautiful bathrooms, seating areas and such comfy beds.Not sure about overall food quality, my only slight problem.There at the same time as The Rolling Stones, they were OK but their bodyguards were a bit heavy with one or two guests wanting photos from a distance which, in a public place, is a bit naughty.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ekartash
<Content>Amazing!!!! Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Arts. I am trying to find flaws, but i am having a very difficult time. Yes the extras are very expensive, but its the Ritz. You should expect that going in. The rooms were amazing. We had a suite on the 28th floor with a double exposure. One side overlooking the city (facing Sagrada Famiglia), and the other the sea. The service at the hotel was top notch. From the bell boy to the concierge, to the staff at the spa. Everyone was at their best. The restaurant (aurola) was fantastic. We had the tasting menu, and 9 out of 10 ( i think there were 10) plates were exquisit. Next time i am in Barcelona, i am staying at the Arts. happy travels to everyone  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelloveraus
<Content>not really arty - more "modern" location is about 20 mins walk to La ramblas - right on the seaits 30 storeys high the reception is on the first floor - staff are fabulous - lots of them are doing courses from other countries and work in Hotel Arts as part of their course - very small wages apparently. We arrived and checked in smoothly then led to a room where we were offered a welcome drink and a huge variety of food - excellent! Our rooms were not ready so we decided to go for a walk. Arrived back at 3pm and shown our 2 Executive rooms on the 24th floor. Huge rooms well kept, the hallway off the lifts showed some wear, dirt marks on walls and doors had paint chipped off. Bedroom was separate to living area, 2 plasma tvs with lots of channels, great sound system and shades to make the room dark. At night it got quite noisy and could still hear the sirens up high where we were. Amazing views of city at night and during the day...one in particular of an odd shaped building coloured with red and blue lights that went out at midnight ?!Beautiful bathroom - lots of fluffy towels and robes and plenty of toiletries. A bottle of water and chocolate were left each night at turn down together with on the first night a pair of slippers.Breakfast was included and was outstanding. Lots of good food and great coffee and again service was beyond reproach.Great pool and spa on 2nd floor, didnt eat in hotel restaurant.Barcelona itself is a great looking city but the people dont extend themselves to tourists or at least not to english speaking ones. A restaurant to try in town is 7 Doors - lots of locals and tourists agree!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>JASNorthbrook
<Content>Great Location The Hotel Arts is in a great location. It has some wonderful aspects to it... comfortable rooms, the bars, the pool, close to metro, easy to walk to the Gothic Quarter and El Born area. But, mind the sloooow guest elevators! The extras are pricey, but it is a Ritz, so what does one expect. The rooms are lovely and the staff is very nice and helpful. It's also right off the beach and the Marina area, which has lots of restaurants and clubs. One thing that is annoying, is that the lower entrance area is always full of cars and taxis. This is problematic when you're trying to walk out to the street and you have to meander around vehicles and dodge cabs.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>travel_addict14
<Content>nice rooms, extras way overpriced (here is a sample price list!) Giving it 3 stars, because for a 5 star property, the hotel did not live up to expectations. The rooms are wonderful (5 stars), the staff OK (4 stars), the restaurants I would not recommned (1 or 2 stars). When I plan trips, I am always wondering what the extras cost at the hotel, so here are a few prices for you so that you can better plan your budget/trip. 50 minute massage = 120 Euros + 16% tax50 minute facial = 115 Euros + 16% taxCoke from mini bar = 7 euros + 7% taxWater from mini bar = 6-8 euros + 7% taxCup of coffee in room = 4 Euross + 7% tax (No, the coffee is not free!!!)Room service breakfast = 29-35 euros + 6 euro delivery charge + 7% tax.Room service sandwich = 22-24 euros + 6 euro delivery charge + 7% taxOK, you get the idea! To get a sense of what things cost outside the hotel, a coffee and croissont at the cafe outside the hotel was 2.4 euros and large bottle of water usually costs 1.5 o3 2 euros. A bottle of coke was 1.40 euros. A sandwhich is between 3-6 euros usually. I would mind paying so much at Hotel Arts if I felt like the quality and service met the prices, but sadly it didn't (I could even eat my main course at the Marina Bar restaurant, it was so bland and tasteless and my friend hated his appetizer and could not eat it)Also, while the hotel is near the beach, it is a bit away from the other sites. A taxi to La Ribera/El Born (great bars and restaurants) is about 5 or 6 euros, about 7-10 to Las Ramblas. The metro is 2 short blocks from the hotel, so I used that a lot.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>loopyloo2
<Content>Beautiful hotel, terrible service Just got back from a weekend staying at the Arts. I booked this hotel for our 10yr wedding anniversary and had been very much looking forward to our stay.Our flight arrival was 9am and although our room was not to be ready until 3pm, we checked in and left our bags with the bellboys. The hotel called at 2pm to say the room was ready so we headed back. I had booked an executive suite and not 1 of the staff explained anything about needing to use the key in the lift to access our room on the 31st floor. The suite was very nice, a little worn in places, it was a non smoking stuite and there was a bad cigarette burn on 1 of the sofas and some bad stains on the carpet, but all in all the views were magnificant and we were happy with the accomodation, lovely bed  pillows and beautiful bathrooms but watch out for the mini bar - very expensive 8鈧?for a bottle of beer!The service in their Bites restaurant is appalling, the staff just generally ignored us and we had to keep asking to be served, the food was OK but on other occasions when we just wanted coffee, by the time it arrived it was cold. The service in their bar is quick, but they forget what you have had to drink and ask you to confirm what you had when you get the bill!!Not 1 of the staff informed us of the executive club lounge that we had complimentary access to, we found this out too late on in the stay. Nobody told us anything about the hotel regarding the spa or the pool and we just generally felt that after spending a great deal of money that the service really let down our stay and although we loved Barcelona we would not stay at the Arts again.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>carpetdave
<Content>Ritz Carlton Service Stayed 6 nights in a sea-view room 25th flooralthough the rooms are beginning to look marginally tiredthe facilities are fab-bathroom excellentand room quite spaciousWe had our 4 year old daughter with us and the staff werereally first class-food was good tho expensiveIf not with family would probably stay in townbut all in all a great hotel  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AP_Phoenix
<Content>The standard Ritz experience- beautiful property, impeccable service Great 3 day stay at the Hotel Arts- it is the standard Ritz experience. The property is beautiful, the front desk and concierge are helpful and friendly. We had a room on the 17th floor with amazing ocean views. There were also good restaurants nearby (within walking distance) and great shops/nightlife just a short cab ride away. My friend used the spa facilities one afternoon and said it was great. Entry was around 35 euro. The pool was also lovely- with views of the big fish (Gehry) sculpture and beach.I can't say that my experience here was much different here than other 5 star rated hotels (except over the three days we ran into multiple celebrities!)- Great rooms, great service, and you definitely pay for it! I would definitely stay at the Hotel Arts again in the future for a luxury break...but will most likely stay at a more authentic Spanish, boutique hotel on my next trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>princeharry
<Content>Great stay at Hotel Arts We just spent three nights at Hotel Arts. It is a great hotel. The service was extremely attentive. Every request was catered to promptly.We did not eat there except for breakfast but the breakfasts were very good. We spent time at the pool which was beautiful although a little small for the hotel.The only negative is that the hotel is a little out of the way. you are about a 2 miles from the good restaurants. But you are close to the beach  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bhackehs
<Content>A Very Average Stay - Overstressed Visit After our recent trip to Valencia down the coast from Barcelona, we decided to take a visit to Barcelona and to stay at the Hotel Arts. It was a modern-luxury hotel, which was fine, but the hotel and the conferences they hosted were out of control and mis-managed.Note About Our Stay: A MASSIVE business conference was going on in the hotel. The attendees were extremely rude, all yelling on their cell phones, conducting meetings in the hallway and elevators, and from what numerous staff had told us, many weren鈥檛 even staying at the hotel, but were taking up pool chairs and all the seats at the restaurants, which made all the paying customers extremely angry.The Hotel: The 42 story tower was built in occasion for the 1992 Barcelona Olympic games, and with its sister, are arguably the most visible landmarks in Barcelona. Entering the hotel from a busy street, the porte-cochere had fountains and waterfalls on the right hand side, with a small lobby, with a decadent food store there. Lobby: Going up the elevator to the main lobby, the doors open and we cant even see the floor because of all the bankers and the girls sending them off to their next appointment. However, check-in was fast and easy, with a personal tour of the property with the check-in manager. The lobby, from what I could see, was nicely laid out, with check-in and concierge in the front, with some deep seating toward the back.Room: Taking the elevator up to the 27th floor, we arrived on our floor and to our room overlooking some beaches, the port, the old city, and Montjuic; a very pretty view! In exploring my room, we noticed all of the high-tech touches of the room. Everything electrical in the room can be controlled from the bedside and door side console. The room was of average size and average furniture for a Ritz, but one special thing was a seating area near the panoramic window, which had a heavy lowering shade to keep out the sun and sounds. The bed was very comfortable and had very nice sheets. The bathroom was huge with a separate bath, separate bidet and toilet, and a great separate shower. Very nice indeed.Fitness Center and Spa: The fitness center is located on a lower part of the hotel, after a tricky trek. I never used the fitness center, but saw it, and it looked of a relatively small size for the hotel. However the Spa is located on the top three floors of the hotel, and is brought to us by The Six Senses Group. In a tour of the Spa, a very nice locker room and relaxation area with steam rooms and balconies overlooking the Mediterranean. I imagine it was very nice, and a plus, rarely had any conference attendees.Dining: We dined only at the restaurant off the lobby, because we could never find a seat at a restaurant at the hotel. The restaurant was nice, again the work staff was very short of people, but the food quality was very nice and tasty. Tip: the shops at the Port Olimpic (right next to the hotel) are extremely nice to dine at and are a great way to see some of Barcelona.Cost: For the cost we paid, I should have known something was going on, for a high-200 price for a deluxe room, which seemed to good to be true for a Ritz, and now I see why. Otherwise, like everything else now-a-days, most food were in the high 20 euros. Service: This is the only thing that would bring me back to the hotel. During our stay, we met the Director of Rooms, Sandra, and she was very gracious, insisting to meet us and get our input on the conference situation. She further assured us that the hotel has not invited back many of the conferences for next year for the reason many other reviewers have noticed. Very similarly, Stephanie at the front was very assisting to our stay. This would be one of the only reasons I would return.Overall: A very average stay, while we had some horrible times, we also had some great times and were treated with decency by many people of the staff, who were visibly tired from the conference, looking like many of the over-worked and yelled at airline employees. Now I feel their pain. The service and the rooms would be the only reason I would return. It is very different than many Ritz-Carlton's.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>bmarric00
<Content>Great hotel, needs a little work       living room  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>sockster
<Content>A great hotel---NOT EVEN CLOSE Spent a week at the Arts. From underwhelming service, to overcrowded elevators to operators sometimes never answering the phones, to night time turn down service happening three of our six nights, to a 45 minute wait for a chair at the pool, to ordering a draft beer (which cost 11 euro by the way) at 11AM and STILL never getting it to meeting people who ordered at 20 euro pizza at 1:00 who are still waiting for it to show up...to waiting for an elevator for 10 to 15 minutes at times, THIS IS A POORLY RUN hotel!! Some of the staff go out of their way to be wonderful for sure, but the vast majority seem totally overwhelmed by the crowds. If you have been to other Ritz Carlton properties before, and expect the same experience here, you're NOT going to get it. We ran into people in the elevator we didn't even know, and they all said, this hotel sucks. I would say if you are looking for a deluxe experience in Barcelona...look elsewhere. Tbe rooms did have awesome showers though!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>JJK58
<Content>hotel out of contol stayed for three nights.had booked a suite and a room at 750 and 680 euros per day respectively.definitely not worth it.what a huge disapointment. quality is just not there.hotel is bursting at seams with a constant train station atmosphere and noisy queues in the lobby.it was clear that the hotel was filled with clients on discounted packages .food quality is bad,room service awful and the breakfast is really more of an unpleasant three star experience.check in completely inefficient and way too long and the club floor staff is frankly incompetent,young and inexperienced .bathroom towels are a disgrace as they are shredded and should have been retired a long time ago.in general housekeeping is poor and you get an impression of unfinished cleaning.it is now obvious that ritz-carlton does not play in the same league as four seasons!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>FLJtodd
<Content>Beautiful property...a few flaws This hotel is beautifully appointed and in a great location by the sea. I thought that guest service was excellent - reception, concierge, etc - but that restaurant service was a bit lacking.The pool, fitness center and grounds were wonderful. The property also seemed quite safe.It might be good if the hotel would give guests some safety suggestions for traveling around Barcelona. I realize it isn't their responsibility but they are in a position to help. In particular, theconcierges could assist in this area.We did have some problems with reservations made by one of the concierges so it is good to double check. I don't think this was a language issue at all as he spoke excellent English. But, he made quite a few mistakes.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>annuk
<Content>Sadly disappointed We stayed at the hotel a few weeks ago and were so looking forward to this top rated hotel .Unfortunately it was over-run by conferences, and as a couple on holiday for 3 nights felt a little swamped by all the delegates-200 of them!!. The rooms were big, and had beautiful bathrooms, Breakfast were cold.. (ask to see the menu for alternative eggs!!)! The pool was lovely, especially the double hammocks!. Complimentary water and fruit, and pool service excellent. On a negative side check in was poor, and no facs for a late check out! This hotel is well situated but makes its money on delegates from banks and other companies etc..There were some really loud bankers whilst we were there.. on a freebie no doubt...the hotel seemed well out of their league!. On our return the hotel contacted me for feedback, and then the manager who was very apologetic,this was impressive. This hotel is fully booked apparently till Sept!!.. no doubt with even more bankers!!!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	3	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Karen1769
<Content>Arts Lovely Hotel But Service Disappointing Spent last weekend at the Arts Hotel for a special occasion. For a deluxe 5 star hotel, I was disappointed at the service.When I arrived, the conceirge took my travel case for me which would be delivered to my room after check-in. However, an hour later and a telephone call to the conceirge desk, my case arrived. I just wanted to throw on a bikini and grab my suntan lotion!For the both days I was there, I had to call housekeeping to come and clean my room. On the first day, after spending a busy day, I just wanted to jump in the shower. When I returned back to the room, all the towels had been left on a pile on the floor and the room remained untouched. Needless to say, a maid did come to the room after I had been told that they were busy doing turndown for the evening. I just wanted some fresh towels nevermind about turndown!!. That evening we asked the conceirge to make a dinner reservation for that evening and also one for the Sunday evening as it was a special occasion. On the Sunday, we didn't have a clue where we were going so asked the conceirge desk, which restaurant we had been booked into only to find to our dismay, that nothing had been booked. The lady on the desk then started to ring some restaurants only to find them booked (no surprises at such short notice). By the third restaurant she had called, it was then discovered that a reservation had indeed been made for us but the lady who handled our request the previous evening had failed to tell anyone about it. On returning back to our room after the fiasco with the restaurant reservation, the room had not been cleaned again. Once I can let it go but for a second time, I was annoyed as hell only to be asked that was I sure that I left the light on the door for the room to be cleaned. For those who haven't stayed at Arts before, they do have a simple system. By inside of the door, there are two switches - one to clean the room, one for privacy. Not rocket science but when I complained to the check-out desk that all was not well with our stay, I was told that the switches can be confusing!!Our room was on the 6th floor which you could hear a lot of traffic noise - probably not a problem if your room was higher up.That being said, the rooms are fab, the spa is good with great views from the 43rd floor but expensive. The service round the swimming pool is good. Remember to take ID if you go to the casino next doorIts a real shame that we had the problems that we did otherwise probably couldn't fault the hotel but for the money we paid and the reputation of this hotel, it was rather disappointing.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>Enjoythemoment
<Content>Incredibly beautiful and comfortable hotel This is my kind of hotel. Helpful and very friendly service from the moment I walked in through the stay. The rooms are very, very compfortable, high tech, beautifully designed.Our room was a corner room with a view of the city, cathedral and marina on the other side.This and Portrait Suites in Rome were the top hotels in our trip to Europe.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Name_Taken_2
<Content>Hotel Arts: South Beach Wannabe I was really disappointed with the Hotel Arts. It seems to be over-run with a strange stream of both party-ready tourists and business conventioneers. As a result, my room was worn. The shutters were broken, the carpet stained, and the wall coverings faded. While the room was 鈥渕odern鈥? it lacked both distinction and ambience. The service was really haphazard. The staff appeared overwhelmed with guest demands, which to be fair, were constant. One had to be really patient to get service. So often, the phone bounced to other areas. When contact was made, the staff was very, very nice and tried to be as helpful as possible. The pool was small, but very trendy and nicely placed overlooking the sea. The hotel has a 鈥渉ip鈥?factor. However, my colleagues and I agreed that 鈥渃heesy鈥?was a more apt description of the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>VonLobster
<Content>The Best Well the first thing to say is I am glad I didn't pay the bill.I went to Hotel Arts with my work as we were launching a car in Barcelona.What a fantastic weekend we had, and the Arts was just superb.The room! Well my little flat I had was smaller than our room, with a bathroom to die for. Huge bath, twin sinks, separate shower\wet room and toilet. Automatic blinds that when opened we had the most mazing view over the city towards the Cathederal.A bed that was just huge. I have joked that I slept in Barcelona and my wife was in Madrid. You get the idea it was one big bed.A B\O sound system that was just the best sound.The food was just superb and I was just a little miffed that we didn't eat dinner at the arts on the saturday night as we were at a launch dinner at a winery out of Barca. However Breakfast and lunch on Saturday and Sunday just made up for it all.The staff just couldn't do enough for us and the whole place ooooooozed class.Down side was the long waits for the lifts but hey you have to be real picky considering the quality of what you had to count that as a down side.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KerryLondon
<Content>Great, great, great My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights - negative and positive points listed below:Positives.1) Great size rooms with huge bathrooms overlooking the city and beach - try to get a room high up overlooking the beach. I liked the fact that each room had it's own iron and iron board (not many do).2) Beach is on your doorstep3) Pool is small but very charming with great sun beds - staff provide towels, water and fruit and walk around serving all day4) Lots of choice from the breakfast area5) Reception staff very helpful6) A few nice restaurants located along the beach front and some nice barsNegatives.1) I got a very good rate but I wouldn鈥檛 pay the normal price which I think is too expensive2) Breakfast wasn't included and was 鈧?8 per person - very expensive3) It's a bit of a walk to the old town but only 2-3 stops by metro and costs 鈧?.25 for a one way journey4) Mini bar can be expensive (ie, 鈧? for a bottle of beer) 5) Some of rude Americans who look down their nose at anyone wearing flip flopsOverallI would def stay at this hotel again (even with the rude Americans). I really loved it. It鈥檚 very clean, staff are very helpful and has a good location on the beach 鈥?I really couldn鈥檛 of asked for a better hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>czaway
<Content>Great Hotel but expensive compared to Grand Marina Great Hotel, stayed a couple of times now. Really like the executive floor with the Club Lounge.Club lounge offers good range of snacks and drinks Rooms very nice but just starting to show a bit of wear and tear. Value OK for 2 people looking for luxury. Stayed with 4 kids and needed 3 rooms which gets pricey.No real negatives except lifts which can take ages when hotel busy. Thought Hotel Grand Marina was 95% as good for 50% of the price as had better value larger rooms.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MangoLondon
<Content>Lovely Hotel Lovely hotel, beautiful views of the marina. The reception staff are very helpful and friendly. The concierge was rude and unhelpful.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jonesinthedam
<Content>wow the view This is a simple review.. I rate this as one of the best hotel experiences i have ever had... We got a room up high in the tower and th e view was fantastic......The best service i have every found. and the staff were both efficient and beautiful.not much more that that!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PSTravelingMan
<Content>Major 5 Star Hotel that just doesn't hit the mark This is a nice, 5-star hotel in Barcelona that tries very hard but just doesn't quite hit the mark. My friend and I checked into the hotel at two separate times and had two different check-in experiences. Mine was friendly and helpful and even a glass of champagne. His was awkward, his room wasn't ready, no champagne offered and he was getting a suite while I just reserved a regular room. The hotel is large (44 stories) and modern with great views of the city of Barcelona and/or the Mediterranean Sea. The rooms are fairly large, modern and comfortable. The staff was fairly helpful although when my friend arrived by taxi he was not offered help with his two large bags and had to take them to his room by himself. We were both bothered by the housekeeping staff on more than one occassion when we had the do not disturb sign out. Its a great hotel but just doesn't quite live up to the five star reputation it has especially for the price of rooms.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>agro
<Content>Best in Barcelona Having been previously at the Juan Carlos and Majestic in Barcelona, and in many other 5 star hotels in Europe, I can safely say the Hotel Arts is the best choice in Barcelona. Modern interiors, spacious rooms with sea view, amazing gym and spa, this hotel is faultless. The only problem would be, of course, the price! I went there for a business trip, so my employer paid for it. but I would still go if I could find a good offer on internet.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>hobbesmanc
<Content>spectacular choice We have just returned from a wonderful spring bank holiday staying at the Arts.Maybe we were lucky because the hotel wasn't that busy but we had an amazing stay and were treated like royalty by all the staff we encountered. From the limo pick-up at the airport to the final check-out all the staff were super friendly and professional throughout.The location is a bit away from the traditional Barcalona sights but they are easly reachable by taxi in 5 mins or a shortish walk but there are attractions around the beaches and marina themselves including some great restaurants and bars.The hotel architecture is quite brutally modern but the post-industrial chic of the exterior is softened inside by stunning fresh flowers, copious amounts of art and lots of water features. Our room on the 26th floor had amazing views over the Med and was furnished in a cool, contempory way. The bathroom was great with the best power shower I have used.Breakfast outside was a simple but high quality buffet although there was a shockingly priced a la carte menu. As usual in Spain the bacon was crap and the toaster pathetic though!! For this level of service and price though it would have been nice to have eggs/omlettes etc made fresh.The pool area was great with the most fabulous two people hammocks to slumber in the sun whilst the gorgeous staff all in black bring you chilled lime sodas and fresh fruit.Great experience. The only problem was that we loved the hotel so much that we really didn't get to see a lot of the city!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hedonisticepicure
<Content>Faboulous rooms Glad we booked this place, because it is a fabulous hotel, very modern and clean with friendly staff in all areas and we did get the requested sea view floor. Room was excellent; large and airy, huge bathroom. It was described as a superior room but I think a superior room is their basic room. The Olympic harbour and the beach(allthough there is a great swimming pool) is right next to the hotel and the city centre(avoid the Ramblas!!) is a 20 minute walk(or 5 minutes by taxi).Overall it was a fabulous weekend break and we wouldnt hesitate to stay at the Arts again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Musken
<Content>Great room, some weaknesses Stayed for a long week-end with family in April. Had booked an executive suite which was great, though the bed was far too soft and the prices for drinks from the minibar a joke even in a 5 star hotel (the latter solved by bringing stuff from outside supermarked which we placed in the minibar). Some service weaknesses (very slow delivery of suitcases to room after arrival, distubing us even though do not disturb-sign was on etc.) but very good concierge-recommendations. Breakfast buffet very good, though some more variation from day to day would have been good. Need to make sure that something is done to lights in breakfast restaurant. I want to wake up and see some light not fall asleep in a very dark room at this time of day.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>Reuters
<Content>Great showers, nice room, average hotel We stayed at the Arts for a long weekend having attended a conference at the hotel.Rooms are wonderful - large, well finished with the usual extras (BO TVs, etc) and they have particularly nice the bathrooms - the shower was one of the best I have had in a hotel - really excellent.However the hotel has a peculiar layout and the reception and public areas felt cramped. Oftentimes it had the feeling of a train station...There are 6 lifts going up to the bedrooms however the wait for the lifts was very long - It was frustrating waiting on lifts and the infrequency of them meant that every time I used them they were packed full of people - making the short journey pretty unpleasant...The hotel is near the Marina, which is great if you want to be near the beach, but is not in the centre of things... If you want to see the sights and sounds of Barcelona there are more central hotels.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SDParis
<Content>Not bad, not great My partner and I stayed here for a long weekend. In the past we have usually taken the cheap pension option in the centre of town and I have to say having tried a five star option, I would sincerely recommend the pension downtown. You are a bit detached from the buzz of the city in the harbor and you don't really get a feeling for a place as alive as Barcelona in a five star luxury hotel. The goods are, the place is nicely decorated, Bose sound systems etc. The staff at reception are very nice. The restaurants are a bit pricey but excellent. Just what you would expect form a top flight hotel.The bads, we had a couple of issues with them messing up our room service lunch and brining the wrong dishes. They eventually replaced the wrong dishes but it meant we had our starters after our desserts. At 120 Euro for lunch a good hotel would have taken the whole thing away and delivered us what we asked for. Finally, they did not replenish the coffee making facilities for the 3 days we stayed, had to keep phoning them for coffee.All in all nothing major wrong or right but I just didn't click with the hotel like you do with others.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	5	3	3	

<Author>MalachiWilliams
<Content>Poor service, but a good hotel Just came back from a three nigh stay at Arts. The room are excellent and I love the bathrooms. My only complaint in the room was the tea and coffee making service. There were no prices listed on the minibar list and I thought that it was complimentary (and I was not the only one to think this) - it's not! So be careful as they will charge you and it is not that great and not worth the charge.The pool area is amazing and they have new furniture for the summer. A great spot to hang on, but lots of 'suits' walking around and lots of messing about with moving pool furniture around. The hotel is now managed by Ritz Carlton and I think the big boys in suits spend far to much time strutting around and getting in the way of the staff. The result - poor service levels as the team seems more worried about pleasing the managers and this means they spend less time on looking after those of us that pay.Lunch by the pool was awful. My starter and main arrived at the same time. My guest did not get her starter and then it arrived with her main! They only had one bottle of olive oil and balsalmic so they kept moving it from table to table - very poor for a five star hotel.Even in the restaurant the service was slow - 30 minutes for a starter.The spa is great. It was wonderful views and is worth a visit, BUT too many female staff keep coming in to the male area and this is very off putting for most male guests.Front Desk staff are very nice, but when I asked to leave my bags to have them put in the car (which, by the way, I ordered the Merc to collect me from the airport and take me back, so I was certainly spending the money!), they said I had to take it downstairs myself to the Bell team. I thought this was five star Ritz Carlton - I guess it is going down the four star route.I would return, but they need to improve their service for the prices they hope to command and if they want to have the Ritz Carlton service. Overall I am disappointed as there is nothing like Arts in Barcelona and they could do so much better.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	2	4	

<Author>topsmed
<Content>Excellent The location is not the best (Olympic port, pretty far away from most of the sights) and it is hard to love the building. Otherwise, this is a very well run luxury hotel. I had a suite, and it was one of the best rooms I have had in a city hotel. Restaurants, shopping facilities, fitness, pool and spa are all first rate.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mollychop
<Content>fabulous for chilling out. ....rejuvenating.... The reviews on the site give a good balanced viewpoint. It is fabulous for a relaxing stay. I only stayed 2 nights  was tagging along with my husband who was at a conference.Room was wonderful. Very comfortable  great bathroom. I also thought there was a background 'drain' smell but it was very vague and as the drains in Barcelona as a whole smell I'm not surprised the hotel drains do!Free water and apples round the pool, loads of towels, lots of flowers  lots of nice touches. Service is exemplary. Have stayed in a lot of hotels and this is def top for attentive service. I think the reviewer who thought they were rude misunderstood the staff. They drove me nuts at breakfast asking me if i wanted more orange juice  coffee though.If you are travelling with kids I would ask them to remove the mini bar items or move them yourself. There are sweets and choc  my 4 year old ran up huge bill!!!This is a real 'chill' hotel- loads of places to go and chill out- big double sun beds, slung double hammocks, outside sofas, big cushions. I dozed in the March sunshine with a glass of wine  it was heaven. Wander in the herb garden too -it's on a roof and it'simmaculate. Lots of clever design ideas to inspire you to take home too. A rejuvenating experience.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>worldambler
<Content>Generally Great We spent four delightful days at this magnificent modern hotel. Great common areas, beautiful room with huge, luxurious bath (we had a standard room with 2 sinks, tub and stall shower with 3 showerheads, toilet and bidet in seperate area) and generally terrific service. Location is right on the water, but away from the old city and shopping. Two quibbles; 1. They charge you for everything, down to 4 euros for coffee you make yourself in your room and ridiculously high 20 euro daily internet access. 2. The concierge was consistantly wrong; they told us we didn't need advance restaurant reservations and we couldn't get into a place we wanted to go. Similarly with a club table and then they said no problem getting a cab at 5:30 AM to the airport only to find no cabs (all the clubs were letting out) which forced us to pay for an overpriced van to make our flight.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	1	

<Author>PLI143
<Content>Expensive - but worth it! Hotel Arts is an eyesore from the outside - but beautiful inside. Very modern decor, fabulous rooms with great views of city  ocean. Pool good with excellent staff to help you with towels etc - they keep an eye on sunbeds which have not been used for a while and basically move the belongings so you can have the sunbed when the pool area is busy. Why is it people think by putting a book on a sunbed it belongs to them!!!Hotel Arts is right at the beach with some great restaurants. I stayed at The MAjestic Hotel for 3 nights first to visit the city then down to the Arts for the beach part of my holiday.Plan to revisit in April 07.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>iriredodge
<Content>Great Location, Beautiful Hotel The hotel at the time and may still be, the tallest building in Spain, well the neighboring Mapfri building is the same height. The location is unbeatable. On the waterfront, a five-star world-class hotel, with almost everything to be expected of it. The room was fantastic. The automatic blackout shades were a great amenity, to block the breathtaking view of the water, city, and the shimmering Frank Geary 'fish' sculpture below... while recovering from jet-lag.The bathroom was in a class of its own. It was nicer than many hotels / resorts community spa areas Dining, beaches, discotheques, all 15 floors down, and 50 yards from the front door. The concierges were extremely helpful, with any request. One of the best perks.My only gripe was the security / front desk people were rude (condescending) and disrespectful: We were constantly being challenged, as to what we were doing, what were our names, room number etc... I can understand this once or twice. We stood out, American, meager Spanish speaking weak mexican-spanglish at best, and dressed to casual country-club attire standards excluding my flip-flops (unless heading out on the town.) The point is We stood out so I expected them to learn my name, or recognize there is the American with the $12 flip-flops that has been here all week. At ~$1000/night I expect that courtesy from staff. Which they failed to do, or intentionally did not do (aside from the Concierges and Bar / Restaurant staff who were great)It finally became semi-entertaining. Lobby staff, Um, excuse me, may I help you? Me, (continuing to walk towards the elevator) Sure, send up three ice cold aqua's con gas, no wait two con-gas, one no gas, gracias!, it's room 1520Overall a great hotel, I loved it, the slight disrespect aside, I still highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	1	5	3	

<Author>Christina_Jorgensen
<Content>Great interior            
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>maddiepaddie2x4
<Content>Wow! Loved the Arts Booked 2 rooms with AMEX Platinum travel, and both rooms were upgraded upon arrival. Check in was a little slow, but wow... Our suites were fantastic. Huge, with fantastic views of the city and the Med. 1 1/2 bathrooms, large living area and a separate bedroom area. Just beautiful. Best showers ever! There were many restaurants and beaches within walking distance, so we only ate breakfast at the hotel. (That was $160 Euros for 6 people - buffet) Great service at the pools, bell staff, cleaning staff and front desk. Restaurant on site for breakfast buffet was adequete, but nothing special. Overall, a new favorite hotel for me!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Inspired_by_Travel
<Content>Overated Hotel The Hotel Arts has wonderful installations and superb rooms. The concierge was consistently helpful. The rest of the service however was truly dismal. We waited 1h30 to be served a salad at Bites, the waitress was resentful at our asking the reason for the delay. The quality of food procured from room service was poor. After having reported plumbing problems daily for 4 consecutive days, no attempt had been made to resolve the matter; the receptionists did not appear concerned that no attention had been paid to our requests. In general this hotel seems to live on its past reputation, one that no longer deserves.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>2	1	-1	3	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>Scaggers
<Content>Wow! Stylish luxury by the sea I was lucky enough to stay at the Arts as part of a corporate weekend conference. From the outside the hotel is not particularly attractive, looking more like a high rise office block. However, once inside the stylish modern decor and rooms more than make up for it - I've never seen so many fresh flowers all in one place!. My room on the 10th floor was genuinely breathtaking. It was extremely spacious and the views were fantastic. The bathroom is out of this world with a separate shower room (complete with seat and multiple jets) which is like a mini wet room and mood lighting. The room is full of gadgets - automatic blinds, Bang  Oulsen TV and CD - it look a while to figure it all out. I didn't get to use many of the hotel facilities (gym, pool) as most of the weekend was planned by the conference organisers but the breakfast was great with plenty of choice. The hotel bar did seem a bit expensive but then we were drinking cocktails (and I guess the owners think if you can afford to stay here, then you can afford the bar bill)! My only niggle was that I had to ask 3 times before the batteries in my TV remote were changed but other the this the staff were very friendly and attentive. The hotel is well placed for sightseeing and nightlife (I think it is on the route of the hop on/hop off bus) and is right on the beach. Overall, it is probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in but if the price tag makes you feel faint, Hotel 1898 on Las Ramblas is very good at probably half the cost.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Havanafan
<Content>Amazing Hotel but with a price tag to match We stayed here in September 2006 as part of a corporate trip. The hotel was fabulous, but I was glad we were not paying for it ourselves. Everything was a crazy price, but was very nice. We didn't eat in the hotel except for breakfast as there were different events planned each night, but we did head to the hotel bar one night for a round of drinks and they were extremely expensive. The rooms were lovely, really modern and the staff were very nice.I would recommend it to someone if they had plenty of money to spend, but it is a bit expensive in comparison to other hotels. A nice treat for a few days.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gaelic_traveller
<Content>Super hotel except for the whiff from the drains I stayed here for one night. On entering the hotel I was very impressed by the initial visual of superiority. The room was very comfortable and high tech. The facilities eg TV, CD player etc are very modern. It took a while to figure out what all the buttons were for! The bed was incredibly comfortable. The bathroom had a big bath and great shower with power jets. One of the buttons was for 'romantic' light in bathroom. The only problem I had was the awful smell from the drains. Maybe it was a once off as this hasn't been mentioned in any other review but I thought it was bad. It was further compounded when I used the loos downstairs near the conference rooms and it was so bad I was dry wretching and had to get out of there. I was so surprised and disappointed by this. Maybe because it was close to the water, I don't know but it would put me off staying there again in case the problem was on-going. Beware of ordering breakfast in the room too. I had asked for it to be delivered between 7 and 7.30am. They arrved at 6.55am when I was taking a shower. I guessed I had missed it and so called again. When I was checking out they had charged an additional 鈧? for non - delivery first time !  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>wjs1968
<Content>Fantastic The hotel is set in a wonderful location with fantastic views of both the city and the sea. The rooms were large and the bathroom wonderful - all well appointed and very clean as you would expect.We stayed in a club level room and the service in the lounge was second to none - a wonderful selection of food presentations which changed 5 times a day, Free DVD lending selection and very attentive staff. It was my Husbands 40th birthday during our stay and they really made the occassion extra special.We could not fault the hotel in any way.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shellfire
<Content>Very slick until the conference hordes arrive From the outside this hotel is distinctly underwhelming - one of a pair of high rise blocks that tower over the reclaimed coastline which passes for Barcelona's beach. It is, however, very slickly run from the multi-lingual smart young things that man the check-in desk to the porters, concierges and the room service staff. They are all charming and ready to deal promptly with any problems that arise of which there are, mercifully, few.We stayed up on the 17th floor having been told that it is a good idea to be high up in the building. I don't think it really matters - personally, I'd prefer to be looking straight out to sea rather than over the city but it may well be that a view over the towers and chimneys of Barcelona is more interesting. The bathroom was excellent, all the usual trappings but very well designed. There are plenty of buttons to press to alter the lighting, bring down the blinds, change channels - it's all quite high tech. I had breakfast in the room - very good, delicious pastries but, as ever, the 'fresh' orange juice wasn't fresh but they happily put that right, and the coffee was excellent. The pillows were good and there was a choice - what a relief.The only major downside was that if you happen to be staying when one of the large conferences decant their delegates, it can take forever to get into a lift. After a day slogging round the tourist spots when all you want to do is slip up to the room and get into a bath, it is infuriating to find you have to wait 25 minutes - and there is no alternative - you are not allowed to use a staircase, and grinding up 17 floors (which is only half way up the hotel) doesn't seem very appealing in any case. There is a good gym and the outdoor swimming pool is large, very well maintained with dozens of comfortable chairs around it and very attentive staff to bring towels, drinks etc.Barcelona is a wonderful city with a mass of things to see and do and I would definitely return.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kirklander-joe
<Content>Great Concierge Recommendations The Arts is a magnificent Ritz Carlton hotel but what makes it special is the outstanding service and professional staff. I just came back from a three night stay with my wife and it was heaven. From check in to the moment we left the hotel did experience no problem at all. The concierge staff were very helpful and friendly. Let them advise you where to go for dinner.We were booked at Xalet de Montjuic, which is a beautiful trendy restaurant with breathtakings views of the city. If you like seafood there is no better place than Botafumiero, a real must. Our last night in Barcelona we wanted to stay around the hotel and went to Cangrejo loco, in the marina, just five minute walk from the hotel. We had great paela and sangria. On the other hand I must say that this hotel is not cheap at all and you need to be very patient every time you want take the elevators. All in all a fantastic stay at the Arts on our getaway trip.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>London,SW1
<Content>What a sad excuse for a hotel... This place is well past it. It may have cut it a few years back when Barcelona was one of the poorer European cities, but these days it has been left behind by a crop of much better and trendier places, actually located in town !A lump of concrete with some expensive shops does not equal a good hotel. Maybe in Baghdad I would accept this fake and soulless place and be happy that I was safe from bombs, but in central Barcelona (please note this hotel is nowhere near central), I have a choice of at least five better places.The hotel really needs to pick its act up as younger rich people are looking for more than over priced drinks, non-speaking Catalan staff and signage (Barcelona is the capital of Catalunya), and general drabness of this god awful place. The last time I went there I hoped I would never be unfortunate enough to return. I will remember this more clearly next time. Lastly, working girls may keep the (current roster of) business types happy, but the market has moved on, and it would be highly suggested to get out and look at some leading places such as : Malmaison, Hotel du Vin and Sofitel, which yes do charge your sort of high prices, but do deliver an exceptional service, not some drab pastiche of international travel that is no longer acceptable in 2006. I can only conclude that anyone who actually 'likes' this place has very little idea of what a leading venue should have to offer.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	3	3	2	3	

<Author>arnop
<Content>Excellent hotel For a first stay @ Barcelona, we choose Hotel Arts from a friend who went there a couple of times and was an amazing stay ! The hotel is superb and the rooms are amazing. Everything from check-in to breakfast to location was perfect.The room are very big with a 32 flat TV and a BO stereo. The views are on the sea or on the city and with a highfloor room, you can be sure to have an amazing view.Some people might say that the hotel is far away from the heart of Barcelona but you can go there on foot in less than 20mn. The swimming pool is a bit small but the gardens and the restaurants are excellents.I'll go back to Hotel ARts next time I'm in Barcelona for sure!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LPSP
<Content>A very over-rated hotel The rooms and location of this hotel are excellent but our 3 night stay was spoilt by bad service:i) upon arrival our luggage was delivered to the wrong room and we did not receive it until 4 hours later; ii) sloppy room service - twice our room was not made up and towels not replenished, prompting more calls to manager in reception;iii) try leaving the hotel at peak time (8-9am and 6-7pm) and expect a 20 min wait on your floor for the lifts to arrive. Note we found you can take the fire exit stairs to the second floor and walk through a restaurant to get out but its a hassle, not least if you're on the 32nd floor!;iv) you actually need to take 2 separate lifts to leave the building and after 11pm you need to enter your key into a slot in the lift to make it work - nice security idea but would have been nice if staff`told us about it rather than finding out by chance!v) room minibar overpriced - e.g. 7 euros for a bottle of coke; they even charge for the tea  coffee vi) breakfast very average - hot courses consisted of scrambled egg, bacon, greasy potato and er, poached salmon?!? However there was some lovely fresh fruit it has to be said. The cold porridge was also just about bearable.Very over-rated this place, be aware!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	5	5	2	2	1	2	

<Author>ClayP
<Content>Awesome hotel Extremely nice hotel. Rooms are very spacious and well appointed. The room service was quick and prompt. The staff was courteous. Facilities were clean and modern. Good location with excellent views. Very nice pool setting. Place is very busy and popular  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kulov
<Content>WOW what a hotel What a hotel, built for olympics way back in the early 1990s. Very state of art, with a truley amazing art collection. The pool area is fantastic but very busy, so get there early. They have a michelin star rest which was fully booked during our stay, but the food looekd fantastic. The hotel is a bit on the outskirts of the city but has great views. Expensive but nice, hugh range of malts and cigars in main bar.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maldivian
<Content>Great beach location This is a hotel with a very interesting design features. The rooms are wonderful, bathrooms second no none, and the best hotel views in Barcelona. The service was mixed, although in the main fine.The SPA has outstanding views, and the location on the highest levels of the hotel make for a very interesting experience, although I did find the service manner quite abrupt. The breakfast was very poor, food that should have been hot was cold and in very limited supply. Pastries, fruit etc were of fine quality and If your tipple is Moet at breakfast you'll be fine.I liked the fact that the hotel was away from the hussle of the heart of the city, with taxi fares very cheap, and roads relatively clear, you can get to any central location with 5minutes for around 7/8 Euros.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>KSlondon
<Content>Overall a very good hotel I agree with the accuracy of the previous reviews.An excellent hotel,good not to be in the centre of a very noisy city and it only took us 15-20 mins to stroll in to the centre of Barcelona .On the positive side (with the exception of bag service see below ) the staff were excellent .The bathrooms were superbOn the negative side the mini bar prices are astounding-but aren't they always and it is a good party game with your wife how much do you think they want for a bottle of water ? The bag delivery service to the room was appalling-45 mins still no bags and we were late for a meeting in the hotel I had to change for .It took 2 phone calls and a trip to reception to extract our bags If you have a spare 30 minutes learn how to use the light switches and don't do what we did and by mistake press the privacy switch which meant no room change the next day !  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	4	2	2	4	-1	

<Author>jardi
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We stayed at the hotel Arts prior to a cruise out of Barcelona.The two nights spent were wonderful. We had club level so that made it even more special. The hotel itself is beautiful and the staff is very warm and helpful....Perfect location to view the sea and the port and also a quick metro ride into the main portion of the city. Barcelona is a very unique city with great food and friendly people. Loved the whole experience.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SteveP712
<Content>Fantastic hotel...if you avoid the pitfalls! The Arts is a cool, beautifully designed hotel with incredible rooms in a fantastic location...probably the only hotel in Barcelona directly on the beach. Although removed from the centre of the city, it is still an easy 20 minute walk or cheap 5 minute taxi ride to the main areas (Las Ramblas, Bari Gothic, etc.)HOWEVER, like any hotel it has its drawbacks, so be prepared to avoid/deal with the downsides to enjoy your stay.1. FOOD -- As other reviews noted, the prices in the hotel are absolutely ridiculous, even by 5 star standards. Go just outside the hotel to many of the fine restaurants along the beach and have a nice meal for the same price the Arts would charge you for a sandwich!!2. CONCIERGE -- Often a line, and the recommendations we received were either off the mark or outright wrong (stores they recommended were closed down or the address didn't exist). Buy a good guidebook, and only use the concierge to book or confirm reservations. 3. POOL -- Very nice, but very SMALL, especially for a 30 storey hotel. You might need to fight for a spot, or just head straight for the beach instead. Again, don't order too much from the poolside cafe, or you will pay the price (literally).4. ELEVATOR/LIFTS -- The one silly aspect of the hotel's design is that you much take 2 lifts every time you return to your room -- one to the lobby level and another from the lobby to your room.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NYCWGV
<Content>Big, Sort of Coporate in Scale, but Great If you want a big cushy hotel on the beach, this is it. My partner and I opted out of staying at a boutique hotel in the heart of the city and we were so glad. This hotel was the most comfortable we ever stayed at with a fantastic room, great views, fast service, and a superb pool. From the door staff to the check in counter to the bartender , everyone was pleasant. The rooms are large and ours looked directly at the Sagrada Familia -- not bad! The location is great if one wants a beach/urban experience. Sitting by the pool feels like you're on the beach but look around and you can see that you're in a city with great architecture. If you are concerned about the location, there are always cabs that pull up to the front door that cost about $7 US dollars to get to the heart of Barcelona. It's well worth it given the quality of the hotel. But be aware, it's not small and due to its large towering size, can feel kind of corporate.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicgooner
<Content>Wonderful room. appalling breakfast We had the corner suite. It was fantastic. Great views, great comfort. The Ritz Carlton showers are the best in the world. However the breakfast, which is not included in the price, was an absolute joke. 拢110 for 4 people!! The choice was appalling every morning. Cold, over salted scrambled egg, cold bacon. Other than that it was just cakes or a few bits of fruit. Never have I felt so ripped off in all my life. AVOID THE BREAKFAST! Other than this it was an enjoyable experience, though not as great as people make out in my opinion.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>macks_1
<Content>Fabulous We stayed here for a weekend at the end of August '06. Barcelona was really busy and lively. We had a really great time. Staff were brilliant, food fab, and location was superb. We stayed in the 'club' level where the views are great and the service brilliant. As it was so busy the pool area was a bit hectic, however the pool man soon sorted out a bed for us. On the Sunday the concierge got two brompton folding bicycles for us  we had a really fun day, covering the town with ease. The only small negative was the 'grumpy' attitude of the lady attendant at the 'spa'. She didn't seem at all interested whether we used the spa or not...so we didn't! However, we would not hesitate to go back to hotel Arts; a really class hotel in a brilliant location.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sandcstl
<Content>Reward Yourself       Ghery from the lounge  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	2	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>gallopingon
<Content>Comfortable beds. We moved into the Hotel Arts, after several sleepless nights in the Casa Fuster. The beds in the Arts were quite comfortable and the rooms were large. Though we were on the 30th floor we could still here people on the ground below who were shouting and partying, but this was did not go on all night. This is a big hotel, and while it has all the comforts it lacks much of a personal touch. We had dinner in two of the hotel restaurants and both served excellent food. The views from the bedrooms of the ocean, and the city, were stunningly beautiful.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>HoustonLawyer
<Content>Amazing room, Bad service The room is AMAZING. The view of the harbor, the ipod connected stereo system, the amazing shower, the comfy bed, the flatscreen tv, the electric window shades, etc, all means one word: SUPERCOOL. Even the hotel location is okay, because the tourist bus (the BEST way to get around the city) has a stop just outside the hotel. However, beware the service. The concierge is soooooooo busy, especially at weekends that we found it quicker to call restaurants ourselves (we even got better tables by calling ourselves). One time, the concierge did not even call us back. And when we asked for a US adapter for our laptop, it took 45 minutes and three calls to get it. Not what you would expect for a place like this. If they could improve the service, this would be a top hotel even on a world-level standard. With the service as it is, it's worth the money, but only just.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1028
<Content>very good overall This is a very good hotel, but for the rates it charges it should be.We booked rooms on the Club floor, which although you pay more, do negate some of the issues about everything being very expensive once you get there. If you use the facilities, I think it represents good value.The rooms are very good and the service generally is excellent. We experienced no problems at all waiting for lifts, which seems to have been an issue in previous reviews.We liked the location, the mixture of beach, marina and city worked well - it's about 25 mins walk or a 5 Euro taxi ride to get into the heart of the city. If you want a purely city experience it's probably better to stay somewhere more central.Having used Ritz Carlton before this one doesn't quite live up to their usual exceptional standards of service, but it is undoubtedly a very good hotel  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Pete82
<Content>Fantastic I loved this hotel. Room was lovely, large and comfortable with a big bed and black out blinds.Bathroom really nice, very large separate shower and extremely luxurious design.Nice lobby, only annoying thing is you have to get the lift up one floor to the lobby and change lifts to go up to your room.Location was ok, not the best but still on the route for the tour bus so not too bad.Pool brilliant, lovely double sunbeds and they give you free water and snacks which is a really nice touch.I would definitely come back and stay in this hotel if i could afford it!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tripper_From_UK
<Content>Didn't live up to expectation The Hotel Arts has a big reputation but failed to live up to it.The room was pleasant but unexceptional but the ludicrously long wait for the lift was very irritating.Nothing seems to be included in the price, car parking,internet,drinking water and newspaper were all extra.A big attraction of the Hotel Arts is its beachfront location but its swimming pool is hopelessly inadequate and the lack of sunloungers very annoying.We couldn't help drawing comparisons with the Rey Juan Carlos 1 where we have stayed on previous trips, the rooms at the Hotel Arts have the edge but beyond that the facilities at the Rey Juan Carlos are better.The Hotel Arts has the better location, but the huge price difference ( 3 times ) would pay for a lot of taxis  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>JFulton
<Content>Fantastic Property, OK Location Overall, this is an excellent hotel. The property itself is magnificent, very elegant and the rooms are newly remodeled and quite spacious. They have wired the lights and shades into centralized banks of lights that are convenient at some times, a pain in others. Overall, a cool touch.Service at check in is superior, the bellhop and valet were both first rate and the concierge (many of them) were all outstanding. That is why we were surprised that the rooms were not well kept (missing towels and hairdryer) and getting the items fixed was not as smooth as it should have been.Location in just OK. Close to the beach, but a long walk to the central districts.We will stay again when we want to break the bank.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Very Comfortable, Nice location for Summer Months We stayed at the Hotel Arts Barcelona in June for 4 nights with our two teenage daughters. We were extremely comfortable and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our rooms were very nicely appointed and on the large side. We had connecting rooms with a terrific sea view. We found the room cleaning staff to be exceptionally good. While the hotel pool is small, we never waited long for a lounge, and the pool side staff were terrific. We also enjoyed the miles of beach, for walking, lounging (local vendors rent chairs and umbrellas for the day) and terrific beach side restaurants. The food at the hotel was first rate, and not horribly priced, at least not in comparison to other 5-star hotels in Spain. We were pleased to find that the hotel offered an a la carte breakfast in addition to the buffet. Some days we just don't want to eat EURO 27 worth of food for breakfast. We also pleased that the hotel clientele came from differing nationalities. We had arrived at the hotel from a stay in Mallorca, where our hotel was occupied almost entirely by Brits. We found the greater range of nationalities of guests at Hotel Arts to make it more a more vibrant and happening environment. The hotel staff were very professional. Restaurant recommendations were generally very good. Service in restaurants was also good. On our first night at the hotel the noise from an outdoor wedding was loud until 3 am making it difficult to sleep. After a few phone calls to the night manager, who handled the calls very well, the hotel provided my husband and I with an additional room on the other side of the hotel less affected by the noise for the evening, and they removed the room charge for the night because of the inconvenience. Our original room was very quite for the rest of our stay. We used the gym facilities daily and found the gym to be well equipped. Our teenage daughters also greatly enjpyed our stay at the hotel. We would definitley return to Barcelona and to the Hotel Arts.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>YVR2007
<Content>Nice Hotel - Service Problems Stayed at the Hotel Arts for 4 nights. I got locked in my room for 20 minutes and the elevators were broken due to a flood (walked up 19 flights), which meant they had to relocate a bunch of guests. If your staying call ahead to see if the hotel is fully booked, cause if it is your going to have to fight for a lounge chair by the pool. The room was nice and it's what you would expect of a 5 star hotel. The cons - overpriced drinks and everything in your room comes with a hefty price tag (nothing is complimentary). Good location and friendly staff.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just awesome!       TV and Sound Sys.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ringo3
<Content>Great location, great hotel.... Our stay at Hotel Arts was terrific. However we have stayed in many 5 star hotels and the service in this hotel does not warrent 5 stars. When we went to the pool, we had to wait for a lounge to become available. We asked the reception to send an item to our room - when we got to our room (1 hour later) it had not arrived. I think the hotel is beautiful. The restaurant is incredible. Dont expect 5 star service and you wont be dissappointed!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>happydaysHerts
<Content>Outstanding hotel! A great option for families, with attentive staff, excellent food and a wonderful open-air pool - the biggest problem we had was tearing the girls away from the pool to go sightseeing! Be prepared for high prices: the room policy prevents a family of 4 sharing (although the girls' twin room had large queen beds and could have housed an army), thus escalating accomodation costs signficantly; no tea/coffee-making facilities resulting in 20 euros every time you want a cuppa; high bar/ restaurant prices. However, that's typically 5-star all over  doesn't take away from the fact that the Arts is a superb hotel, with outstanding standard bedrooms, bathrooms to get lost in  friendly staff. We had inter-connecting rooms, which worked very well. Girls (6  5) made to feel welcome - not simply tolerated. Hotel gets very busy during weekends, with ensuing lounger wars around the pool - weekdays much quieter. Buffet breakfast excellent (brand champagne included - go for it!). Close to some great seafood restaurants on the marina (Miravent gets our vote) and taxis into town very reasonably priced (takes about 10 mins). Could definitely see us going back!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kyrikos
<Content>Wow!!! What can I say about the Hotel Arts Barcelona. We stayed at the Hotel Arts at the end of May 2006 for just one day and I m still abolutely amazed.The building is a very interesting design. It is a very high tower. We arrived at the lobby to see the lovely fountains-rain outside of the hotel. Check in was not that organised (we had to queue), however I ve never seen anything more personal than their service. Took the lift and went into our room. Deluce room with a view of the sea-city. Fantastic.Room was incredible. We had an Bang and Olufsen tv with a Bang Olufsen CD player. Lovely Crups espresso machine. Huge bed, comfy with a matress topper and very small details, like privacy button (instead of Do not disturb signs) that really made the difference. What can I say about the bathroom. Two fantatic basins. Seperate loo-room. Seperate bath. And the most incredible. hower room with seats.Gorgeous.After that we spent the day overlooking the fantastic fish from the hotel's garden-swimming pool. Only problem there-it was very busy and we had to lay on the lawn and be on a waiting list for a sun lounge. Gorgeous though.Last thing we didnt like. There are spa facilities on the higher floors. However they are operated as we were told by a different company, thu we d have to pay 40 euro per person per day to use the facilities there i.e. the glass sauna that overlooks the sea. and rest of em.We really treated ourselve staying there and we d definitely come back. And another thing. Location is good but not excellent. U willneed a good 40 minutes to walk to the centre. It is extremely expensive but it s worth every littlepenny.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fayssal
<Content>Nice But Expensive Amazing Hotel. Especially if you book one of the corner view (sea/city) rooms. Room service is extremely expensive. I paid 120 euros for a breakfast for 2. A coke will cost you something like 10 euros. But the rooms are really perfect and you get sleek design tv and hifi (bang and olufsen). Gorgeous bathrooms with music inside. And very quiet rooms. Breakfast is open until noon, so you'd better wake up on time, it's very consitent with champagne available.It's seems to be the perfect place for a stay in summer with the beach just in front of the hotel.The picture would be just perfect if room service was not that expensive. You can get around , it's not far away from diverse city attractions (5 or 10 euros to get around on a cab). I think that this hotel is a good value for the money.Again, Be careful with the expensive room service.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>NYCTravels032570
<Content>Elevator nightmare It is a wonderful hotel, with wonderful service, all the amenities, etc. However, the elevators are so slow, that I think 20% of my time in the hotel was spent waiting for them, trying to get my room key to work to make it go to the club floor, etc. It was ridiculous -- and everyone in the hotel was complaining about it. Make no mistake, this hotel is of the highest class, especially the club lounge, which is terrific, but I began to dread leaving my room for the elevators, because they were that bad.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PICKYTRAVELER27
<Content>Loved it! I normally wouldn't stay in a hotel this big but it was wonderful! We had been booked at the horrible Palace Hotel and luckily were able to switch over here...it was perfection. Fabulous service everywhere, everyone was so helpful. I wish it would've been warm enough to lay out at the pool! They recommended great restaurants--Enoteca in the hotel was awesome! Typical Ritz room, passed out every night in the comfy beds...loved the blackout curtains! Fabulous views, great location. Just do it!!!  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Treat! I recently stayed in Hotel Arts and what a treat it was! Waorth every penny. The room was superb, the service impeccable and the atmosphere so calm! I Loved it!!! The only negative...an American with an opinion on the Middle East based on ignorance and stupidity who felt the whole restaurant should hear her views! Not the hotels fault!!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rung_kung
<Content>The best hotel in Europe! Me and my family stayed at the Ritz-carlton hotel Arts for 3 nights and it was exellent. We stayed in a superior room ( the cheapest in the hotel) and it was great the room were big and fresh. Two big beds and a beautiful panoramic view over the porto olympico. The bathroom was a big and great as a normal suite in any other europe top class hotel. Ritz-carlton shows again that they are the best chain in the world. The lobby was great big and modern designed. The food was expensive but worth the money. The pool area was great offering free water and fruit made it very good. We have stayed at many of the good hotels in europe but i find this the best. overall this is a truly luxurious experience.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best service ever I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Ritz Carlton Barcelona. The hotel is just magnificent and the service is impeccable. Since the moment we checked in we were treated as if we were celebrities! Doorman Jose Ramon welcomed us with a smile and kindly showed us the way to the lobby on the first floor. We were given an amazing corner room by Renata from front desk who also took her time to escort us to our suite on the 19th floor. Bellman Oriol brought the luggage to our room and told us everything we needed to know about the hotel facilities. Marta and Carlos from concierge were also very helpful and made reservations for botafumero(fantastic shellfish at a price)tenorio(trendy restaurant near ramblas) cangrejo loco(very casual but great paela). The tea saloon is beautiful and waitress Latiffa so friendly and attentive. The spa on the 43rd floor is out of this world and the views are just breathtaking. I have been to many luxury hotels and after my stay at this Ritz Carlton I can assure this is the best service I have ever experienced in my whole life. Congratulations to the hotel Arts for having such fine staff!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bridalwedge
<Content>Amazine We stayed in this hotel in the Penthouse Suite over looking the ocean. The room was split level, with two double rooms and two seperate bathrooms. The downstairs had a kitchen and living room, which dvd and cd players. You got free nibles in the afternoon, in the club room upstairs and the breakfast was great. One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in, worth every penny. The hotel is in a great locations, and the nitelife in Barcelona is great. The pool area in the hotel is very clean.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bungo
<Content>Worth every penny On previous stays in Barcelona we've booked into Le Meridien on the Ramblas but this time thought I'd try the Hotel Arts - and am so pleased we did. The hotel just exudes comfort, cleanliness and style; even the lobby smells delicious!! Being by the sea - and with a gorgeous pool with double sunbeds and where you get attentive service (complimentary water, fruit, suncream etc)- it feels much more like a 'proper' holiday than being jammed into the city centre.The hotel is a good 40-minute walk from the Ramblas (don't let anyone tell you any different!)but the open-top tourist bus stops right outside the hotel which is pretty convenient for sightseeing.We paid for a deluxe sea-view room which was exactly what it claimed to be - beds were the comfiest I've known in a hotel too. Staff were considerably friendlier than in many luxury hotels and went out of their way to be helpful (not the supercilious look-down-their-nose at you types you often get in top hotels).Do try the Arola restaurant - we nearly didn't, thinking two Michelin stars would automatically mean second-mortgage prices, but it was quite the opposite. The starters are tapas-style (ie you choose a couple each and share) and were just gorgeous. Kids love nibbly things like that and, to their credit, even though Arola clearly likes to come across as funky (it has it's own DJ!) there were lots of families in there. Our 12-year-old thought it all very 'cool' and loved the food (result!)Only real drawback to the Hotel Arts are the breakfasts - the most eye-wateringly expensive I've seen yet. Ours wasn't included in the room rate we'd booked and there wasn't anywhere nearby that did anything more breakfasty than just coffee and a croissant. Also, we'd thought the seafood restaurants around Port Olimpic, just steps from the hotel, would be fantastic, but there are so many chasing the business we were 'hustled' as we walked along checking them out and ended up feeling quite uncomfortable (and the one we chose was rubbish!!) The following day we had lunch in a big seafood restaurant that virtually backs onto the hotel pool (can't remember the name, it was two words both beginning with M!), and had a fantastic lunch outside on their terrace, so would just go straight back there another time.I can't recommend the Hotel Arts highly enough. It really turned a city break weekend into something that felt like a laze-by-the-pool holiday too - the best of both worlds.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>darrenj
<Content>Fantastic 5 Star Hotel! Fantastic hotel, this is what a 5 star hotel should be like!Fantastic rooms and bathrooms and service was excellent  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely the best After checking in to a different 5 star hotel,and being quite disappointed, we checked out and made our way to The Arts. The designation of 4/5 star hotels in Barcelona can be deceiving but The Arts is 6 stars. The personal attention, especially if your room includes the Club floor, is outstanding. The staff will do everything to please you. The rooms are spacious, beds and linens divine, and the views gorgeous. Bathrooms are beautiful and well appointed with fabulous rain showerheads as well as side jets. Whenever I called reception I was greeted by name and spoken to in English so I wonder if they make notes in their computer when you check in. This is a beautiful, service oriented hotel located just outside the hubub of the city but an easy taxi or tour bus ride into town. Great restaurants, the beach and a nice seaside promenade complete the picture. The Arts was the absolute best hotel I've ever stayed in and I am very picky!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dreamholiday
<Content>Absolutely magical!! Stayed here a we while ago but it was probably the best hotel i have ever stayed in! We were a party of 4 couples and got upgraded to the Duplex Apartments which were truly amazing! These are the ones that Elton and Robbie have stayed in and no wonder!!Anyway we could not fault this place everything was wonderful!Would really recommend this one.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Maramu
<Content>Great room and good location We stayed in the hotel from 3/10/06 through 3/17/06. The staff at the reception was very good and courteous. The corner executive suite on floor 21 had a great view of the beach and a partial view of the city. Nice living room and guest bathroom (our kids loved it there), great bathroom and three-head shower, and comfortable beds. Bose system a nice touch to play your own CD's and DVD's. We had breakfast included in our package so every morning we had a very good buffet, sometimes sitting outside. Didn't eat in the hotel restaurants because there are tons of places to eat nearby (highly recommend La Barca de Salamanca - great fresh fish). You can walk to Las Ramblas (15 minute walk), take a taxi (about 5 euros), or take the subway (1 euro). Talking to the locals, this is considered the best hotel in Barcelona and I can see why. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>klbklb
<Content>Paradise in Barcelona! Moved to this hotel after a horrible night at a hotel on Las Ramblas. The hotel was the perfect hotel. The service was impeccable. The rooms were huge. Had Queen beds in Europe - that was a treat at the end of our 2 week vacation. The location was great because it was a stop on the doubledecker tourist buses or a cheap cab ride away. The brunch is expensive but amazing - a piano player and champagne is a great way to start the day. I have stayed at many Ritz Carltons - this is by far my favorite. The view was fabulous and the special touches made this a great visit and will tell anyone I know to only stay here!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel I have ever stayed in I stayed 5 nights in Hotel Arts Barcelona in early March 2006. I want to say this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in - spacious room with nice view overlooking the ocean and Barcelona! Lovely bathroom, nice bed and B  O television! If I ever go to Barcelona again, I will definitely stay in this hotel again and will recommend to friends and family!I love Hotel Arts Barcelona!Hut Tai Yeung  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>misdirected_baggage
<Content>polished Absolutely perfect service. The staff at the front desk remembered my name from day one. Everyone was incredibly gracious to a fault. I upgraded to a corner, ocean view room (75 euro more) and it was worth every penny. I have stayed in luxury hotels around the world and this is one of my favorites. My traveling companion reserved a room on the private floors (special key entry) and the lounge for those floors serves an amazing tapas and wine buffet nightly. The hotel's restaurant is small, but the food is excellent with very attentive service. The breakfast buffet is also excellent. The only drawback to this hotel is that its location, though awsome for beach access, is inconvenient for walking tours and Barcelona taxis are (a) very expensive and (b) the drivers often tend to take one on the most roundabout route in order to run-up the meter.My only complaint is that the spa, although good, was not of the same calibre as the rest of the hotel. The venue was pretty, but it lacked towels, the hot tub was lukewarm, the sauna seemed to be cool and the treatments I had were OK, but not especially memorable. It's a beautiful spa situated at the top of the hotel and knowing the hotel arts, my experience was probably an off day.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Josug
<Content>Hotel Arts - worth it? Stayed at the Hotel Arts in January to celebrate out 10th wedding anniversary. We were pleased from the moment it started - all the staff smile and remember your name, but it is definitely worth paying more to stay on the executive floor. The club lounge is great with complimentary food and drink all day. We ended up spending more time there than anywhere else. The location is quite far out - not in the hubub of La Rambla but we preferred that as felt a bit nervous walking around the Barri Gotic at night. Everywhere was no more than a 10 euro taxi ride away and we also did a lot of walking, which is perfect when in Barcelona. We toyed between the boutique hotel experience such as Hotel Neri and having gone to see it when we were there, I am pleased we chose the Hotel Arts as the area felt safer and quieter. Hotel Neri is right next to a nursery backing onto a courtyard and it seemed very hustly and bustly. No complaints about Hotel Arts - everything was done quickly and without fuss and the staff were exceptionally helpful to us. We ate at the hotel restaurants, Bites was great - good food and not too expensive, Arola seems too hyped - the portions were small tapas style, but the staff seem to think they are the most important ones rather than the clients. It wasn't bad, just not as fantastic as it thinks it is. All in all, we were pleased with the Hotel Arts and think it was worth the money as it is expensive. By the way, there is free bottled water in the gym and spa which you can take rather than pay for it from the mini bar!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>delt
<Content>amazing!! my brother and i stayed here in march '02. along with hotel caruso ravelo, it's the best placed i've stayed. our room had a view of the olympic village overlooking the sea. marble bath, 3 head'd separate marble shower, and spa like tub. full suite stereo system with bathroom and bed controls. auto blinds/shade controls from bed. the staff was great. even had them tailor a suit and they did a good job. the location is excellent as well. seconds from the beach!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brandenburg5
<Content>really fantastic hotel Stayed here in early Feb 06 during a business trip with around 120 colleagues. We all loved it. The hotel is gorgeous, and the food (catered for our conference) was lovely.What really impressed me, though, was the friendliness of all the staff. Usually very stylish hotels like this have pretty snooty staff, but the people here were just great - so friendly and helpful. When I come back to Barcelona I will definitely try to stay here, even though it is not very central. It is near the beach, though.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DixieNI
<Content>Fab hotel! Just returned from the Arts Hotel in Barcelona on a four day business trip. I had a great stay - the hotel and rooms were fab; the plushest hotel I've ever stayed in! The staff were excellent and extremely courteous. Only complaint was that the hotel bar prices were extortionate - but thats the norm with a lot of the big hotel chains.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dgeedin
<Content>Nice stay at Arts       Suite 38F  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rachelle2008
<Content>Nice enough hotel with a taste of luxury       bathroom  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>divenuts
<Content>quality, quality, quality we loved this hotel. our suite was huge, great views on two sides, beautiful bathroom, lovely comfortable furnishings/bedding and great service.the restaurants are very good and the staff is really attentive. for a big city, luxury hotel, we thought the suite was a good value for money and worth every penny.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KateOK
<Content>Barcelona Arts--Urbane/hotcool My family of four,children are 11 and 14, stayed at the Arts for five days in late August. We travel quite a bit, but we had never been to this fabulous city.The hotel was unique. Our rooms, a two bedroom suite, with living room and a private connecting hallway, were just stunning. The positives were that we found it relaxing to look at the sea, and be away from the dancing, nightlife that went on into the wee hours of the night. It was quiet. We did not find it at all problematic to stay here, and not in the city-center.And the rooms were just serene. Well designed. The hotel staff were quick, bright, and tried to help all tourists. I did not feel, in August--of all times--as if my family was one of just many. I did feel as if the pool was over-run. Maybe hotels and resorts should begin to give numbers to lounge chairs, so that people don't feel possessed to wake at all hours and take up unoccupied space with their towels while they sleep/eat/tour.... is this becoming a world-wide flue of sorts???!@# The beach, right outside, is pretty common, open to all, very democratic. Which has its good bits and its tough parts. I would absolutely recommend this to those looking for the most contemporary of ammenities- slick, hospitable,sleek, urbane---and yet, you have easy access to the rest of the city. We thought it was white-cool. And Barcelona, well....go see it ! It is magnificent.KBoston  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sophisticatedme
<Content>Luxury overlooking the Mediterranean Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Hotel Arts. Hotel is beautiful, the rooms exquisite (top floors are newly refurbished) and the service the best we have ever experienced. Although a fairly large hotel, staff seem to anticipate your needs. I would recommend a junior suite, oceanview. Try for a newly refurbished room. You will be astounded by the views from the picture windows. Top of the line amenities and incredible comfort await you. Expensive but well worth it.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alysha
<Content>Amazing! This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in! Very luxurious and sophisticated. We stayed here for business in 2004 and I believe the prices have almost doubled now that they have added a spa. If you get a chance to stay here, you must. Everything is great, esp the pool area - we didn't want to leave!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EMG_ACN
<Content>Great hotel--but a couple things to bear in mind THis is a great hotel in terms of view, service, and room quality. We had a great stay there last week in a beautiful sea view suite. The breakfast is pretty good as well. There are two important things to know: A) it is not near the historic part of Barcelona, rather it is on the beach. So this means you have a 30 minute walk to the Gothic Quarter or a 5-10 Euro cab ride (or a two-three stop Metro trip); B) it is really a convention hotel--crawling with tacky conventioneers). OTherwise, it is really great and the service is especially strong for Spain. I am not sure there is better choice for a modern style 5 star experience.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic, total luxury       Beach, "Fish" looking towards hotel  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth the money for the view alone Have just returned from a long weekend at the Hotel Arts Barcelona and it was absolutley amazing. We had an executive suite on the 33rd floor and the views of Barcelona and the marina to the other side were so breathtakingly wonderful, I could have sat and stared at them all weekend and have done nothing else! Yes, it is very expensive but this hotel is luxury personified. The staff are helpful and friendly without being snooty. If you can afford it, go for the Club Levels as the club lounge is a wonderfully relaxed place to hang out for breakfast or a drink before you head off for dinner.Our room had only been redecorated a month and was gorgeous, with luxurious lounge area and great sized bedroom. From both beds you get the amazing views so you can wake up, with a touch of a button have the shutters open and watch the city waking up.The bathroom is beautiful and the shower is like standing in Niagara Falls, to the extent I got a headache after a while!It is a bit of a walk to the Old Town, but still, you can amble through the park and then walk back along the sea (or get a taxi if you're feeling lazy) and therefore get to experience other parts of Barcelona that you may not have seen.All in all, I would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone (as long as you are not on a tight budget, or any sort of budget really!), particularly if you are going to Barcelona for a special treat as this hotel will do nothing but enhance it.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Of course it's good, but it's not worth staying at Really good hotel, but that's to be expected at this price. The question is... is it worth it? And the answer is no. Why? Because...1. Location. Barcelona is not the place to go for great beaches. So why stay at the beach? You go there for the food, the gothic quarter, the architecture, the bars, the culture, and the vibe. Staying out here alienates you from most of that (unless the pinnacle of your Barcelona visit is to be a night out at the Baja Beach Club in which case ignore everything I say). 2. The rooms. I think the rooms are in the process of renovation. And they really do need it. 2006 may well be a better year to visit than 2005, when the rooms may well have reached their post-opening (1992) nadir. 3. The pool. Tiny, over-busy, full of kids. Not enough sun loungers by a mile. 4. The cost. Not just of the rooms, but of the million and one overpriced extras that are the hallmark of luxury American chain hotels. As a result, the prevailing feeling all around is of money, not style or class. 5. The alternatives. Hotel Neri for example is fabulous and captures the essence of Barcelona perfectly. On the plus side, the hotel is still clearly very, very good. The views from the higher floors are pretty spectacular. Food at Arola is excellent. Agua restaurant on the beach is a great place for Sunday lunch. And Restaruant Barceloneta in nearby (and walkable) Barceloneta is probably the best seafood place in town. I wouldn't go back, but I'm still happy enough that I went, if you know what I mean.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>taomar
<Content>Wonderful! We just got back from Barcelona and the Arts was a perfect hotel for us. First the location is wonderful. It is located on the ocean along with a casino, minimal shopping, and a host of restaurants and clubs for youths. It is a walk but walkable from la Rambla and the upscale shopping of Placa de Gracia. The hotel interior is very nice, but not extravagant. The staff was first rate with excellent helpful attitudes. We booked our room thru AMEX Plat and the room was on the 32nd floor with a beautiful view of the city. It was newly renovated with flat screen TV and integrated Bang/olfson sound system. The bathroom was spacious and beautiful. We'll be going back there in the future.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent but not fantastic Hotel Arts was certainly a 5*, but it pales in comparison to other 5*s. Most of the staff were helpful, but certainly did not go out of their way. There were a few employees that stuck out in my mind: a concierge who gave us a recommendationfor a great tapas cerveceria (Ciutat Contal), manager at checkout who saw my confused looked and check us out way ahead of others, and the hotel maid that remembered my first request and repeated it throughout our whole stay. The beds were soft, comfortable and queen sized. Overall it was a great place to stay, but I'm not sure if I'd pay 5* prices for it.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>asdgjkdhjk
<Content>Fantastic I've just come back from a very pleasant weekend at the Hotel Arts. Our Executive Suite is probably one of the best rooms I have stayed in. We were lucky to have been given one of the new rooms on the 24th Floor with fantastic views across Barcelona and the Olympic Port. Our room consisted of a sitting area with two small comfortable sofas a BO flat screen TV, an espresso machine, and guest toilet. This led to a corridor with a couple of wardrobes, a desk facing the window and two frosted glass double doors which opened into a marble bathroom consisting of a vanity area with two designer wash basins, a large bath, a toilet/bidet room behind frosted glass doors and a large walk-in shower with a huge shower head and auxilliary side jet sprays which turn the shower room into a steam room (theres a marble bench in there as well). The corridor leads into a bedroom behind a large wooden sliding door with two large very luxurious and comfortable double beds with a number of different sized fluffy pillows and duvets - pure heaven. The bedroom had another TV in there along with a BO DVD/CD entertainment system.The pool area was lovely but there can be a lot of competition for the deck chairs - there are however plenty of other comfortable grassy areas under palm trees to spead out your luxury beach towels as provided by the poolside along with complimentary bottled water.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ClaireRobinson
<Content>Lovely and pampered stay at the Hotel Arts We have just returned from a five day break at the Hotel Arts. It was fabulous. The staff could not do enough for us, even down to providing an umbrella one wet evening, and everyone was so welcoming to our 10 year old daughter. We had a 9th floor room with a side view overlooking Port Olympic. Its a great location as the tourist bus stops outside the hotel, there are loads of good restaurants nearby and the beach is just in front of the hotel. Yes, the food is expensive but worth it, the casual dining by the pool is great! We loved the way the room was attended twice a day, in the morning to clean and tidy and again late afternoon to prepare the room for the evening, putting on the soft lighting and playing relaxing music on the CD.When we came to leave the staff were very accomodating about us keeping our room beyond the regulation 12 noon checkout, which meant we could enjoy our last day.I'll definitely be recommending Barcelona to friends and family and if they can afford it suggesting they stay at the Arts. We will certtainly be back.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>torta_basilica
<Content>Better Than Expected... Luckily, our hopes were not up after reading all of the reviews, but it's not like there's one stellar hotel in Barcelona that stands heads  shoulders above the others... I didn't mind the location - could still walk or taxi everywhere. Our room on the 9th floor had a great view of the Olympic port  was quite nice. Everything worked  I felt lucky! Had a few issues with room service, but it was always friendly, if slow  expensive. Staff were great  very friendly. Bathroom was well-equipped - very nice marble shower - I didn't like the shower door-type closing on the toilet/bidet area, though - this could have been done better. Plenty of closet  storage space  the built-in desk/office area was very efficient  effective. Was nice not to have my husband's computer  work stuff spread all over the room for once! The pool area is beautiful  I had no problems booking at manicure at their associated Beauty Center. Only complaint would be that the gift shop is really weak on things you actually might need while travelling  the public carpets are badly in need of a thorough cleaning or replacement. Other than that, we had a great stay.BTW, when you totally burn out on tapas, there's a good little Italian restaurant in the Olympic port - al Passatore - very casual, but I had Linguine al Cartoccio - incredible seafood linguine delivered in a swan shaped foil packet. The caprese salad was weak, but this pasta was to die for!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible..Gorgeous...Amazing! This hotel was incredible! The room was spacious with a lovely bathroom..not to mention the beds which were ever so soft and comfy! The staff was truly professional with a never-ending smile on their face, and always willing to help. Food isn't cheap, but worth tasting as it is truly delicious. (well one cannot expect the prices to be low in a 5* grand deluxe hotel)There are many facilities offered, thus one cannot get bored easily. The pool isn't that large, but having a quick nap on their beautiful sun beds is enough! There are also many bars/clubs and restaurants in the area, so having fun is just a minute away! if one would prefer something more central, the staff would provide you with a taxi in a second. it is also important to mention that the taxi's in barcelona are quite cheap.One thing..some day i will definitely return. And if you can afford it, (as it's not a cheap hotel) i highly recommend that you give it a visit. You'll feel like a Prince/Princess during your stay, that's for sure.One last note for the ladies: the male staff are gorgeous!!! ..and for the men: well yeh the female staff are pretty too..so relax!!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful days with children at a GREAT hotel       View from by night  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>businesseye
<Content>over expensive luxury We stayed at the Hotel Arts as a special treat prior to boarding a cruise in Barcelona. We'd stayed there some years ago and remembered it as being something special....someone else was paying then!Our interconnecting rooms (two sons in one, two parents in another) were very luxurious, well fitted and had tremendous views of the city and marina.But, overall, the Arts was an extremely expensive experiece for two nights, and the standards of rooms didn't constitute sufficient value for the high prices.Everything is costly - from room service breakfast to mini bar drinks (avoid, if possible) and wine in the rather pretentious restaurant. The reception staff could also be a little less 'superior' in the way they deal with guests.The views from this spectacular structure are quite something.....but the overall experience left us feeling just a little ripped off. Not quite what we need before boarding a cruise ship!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>stephentx
<Content>Nice...but needs a little work This is a great location and a really cool hotel. However, the rooms need a thorough review and some minor renovation. My room darkening shade (automatic) kept coming off track and I had to intervene manually to raise and lower the shade. The privacy shutters had completely ceased to work. Internet connection from the room was intermittent. However, the rooms come equipped with CD players, DVD players and TV. Plenty of space and storage. A complete control console beside the bed. My room was equipped with an impossible to use shower that would not function in the normally expected fashion (as in having the water go down as opposed to across the room). I suspected that I might have been put in a handicap room for whatever reason. Public areas are great, but layout is confusing. Be sure and partake of the beachside bars and restaurants and nearby Port Olympic and beyond.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel but could be better We recently stayed at this hotel after a long trip in Italy and must say we were pleased with our room because it was concierge level (the rooms are not run down here like in the regular rooms); however, we were bringing our teens and when Amex centurium booked our reservation they asked for two nights, which for some reason the hotel did not have. I expected them to solve the problem or upgraded us to an apartment, but instead they gave us a really low fare for a double room (It was crowded with all four of us but again it was only one night). The design and environment seems very elegant and of high standart; however, service needs improvement and we were able to see this in only an overnight stay! Even the concierges at the concierge level were not efficient. I left some of your luggage in the lauch because our room wasn't ready when we arrived, and I had to ask for it several times for they forgot to bring it to me in the evening! They had all day. As for restaurants, not only were they way overpriced but service was extremely slowed and in one instance that we were getting our tea service, we even left without it because it never arrived. I suggest eat out, you can get much better food, service and deals. As for location been far, don't worry about it, taxis are not as expensive as other parts in Europe so it is affordable to move from one place to another, besides you are near the beach and this view is very relaxing.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>this is not the Ritz Carlton It could have been so nice, Ritz Carlton standard in a European hotel. The Ritz-Carlton approach seems to be always a step ahead. But not here, this was just plain lazy, slow and bad service. I checked in with 2 friends staying with 3 in the room and although this was in the reservation and I was clearly showing up with total of 3 people, the receptionist gave me a room with one bed. When I called from the room, the same receptionist had the nerve to question my reservation and whether I was with 1 or 2 other people. Come on! Isn't that the Ritz Carlton approach to then just deal with the issue. Expecting a tip when the roomchange was eventually made was just an insult.The rooms are pretentious and boring.At 7pm I tried to order drinks at the pool but the bar was closed. The staff could not say another word than closed. Come on people?! Wake up! After I asked directly, the poolstaff would get someone from the bar, but this person never showed up. When I returned to the room in the middle of the night trying to fall asleep I noticed that the AC was not working. But at 4 am you dont ask for a roomchange. I discussed the matter at check out the next morning and just met stupid arrogance like the systems at this hotel are unbeatable. As compensation I was not charged for overnight parking, like that would make me feel better.I am avoiding all Ritz Carltons for the next century and suggest you stay away from this monstrosity in Barcelona. For half the money you'll enjoy the real barcelona experience.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Outstanding! My husband and I arrived tired and without our luggage thanks to British Airways who still had it in London and didn't ship it to us for 5 days. We were on the Club floor. Rm. 3206 - Beautiful view of the yacht harbor. Room was very comfortable - very high tech and the king size bed extremely comfortable. The Club Lounge staff bent over backwards to help us. They made numerous phone calls during our entire stay trying to locate our luggage. The Club Lounge has an outstanding staff headed by Nicole. The food is excellent - 5 food offerings a day! Service is Tops! British Airways also would not ship our luggage through to the US on our trip home.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Arts Great service at the Arts! Just came back from a 3 night stay at this beautiful hotel with amazing views. Maria at the concierge was very kind and doorman Carlos is such a character, so helpful and nice!They both went out of their way to make our stay just incredible!On the other hand I must say rooms are a bit old fasioned but so large.If you can afford it..... go to the Arts  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stlm
<Content>Great Experience I stayed at the Hotel Arts on my Honeymoon from May 13th until May 15th, before my Mediterranean Cruise.Our rate was $335 EUR per night, buffett breakfast included and it was WORTH IT!!We got a room on the 23rd floor with views of the Mediterranean Sea and the city, since it was our first time in Barcelona, the Bellman suggested to take the Tourist Bus, which has a stop in the corner of the hotel (Great way to see the city), the bus stops at different monuments and landmarks of barcelona and you can hop on and off whenever you like. There are 3 bus lines, and the Arts stop is the connecting stop for the Blue and Green Lines.Anyway, when we arrived at the room, they had a bottle of Spanish Cava (Sparkling Wine), a plate with chocolate covered strawberries, a heart made of rose petals on the bed and candles all over the place, we didn麓t ask for it (I asked my husband if he麓d ordered it) and it was a nice detail from the hotel.The room is HUGE, the bed very comfortable, you can control all the lights and drapes from your night stand and huge closets.The bathroom was all marble separate shower and tub, two sinks, and all the amenities you need.Service was TOP NOTCH, the concierge very helpful, made reservation for Dinner at a nice restaurant in Barcelona, and the next day suggested a Tapas Bar. Actually we got robbed on our second day in Barcelona, and we had to report all my husband麓s credit cards, and they were extremly helpful, even they helped me to file a police report, and gave me some water and chocolates to calm down.My overall experience is EXCELLENT hotel, yes the location isn麓t the best but the Tousrit Bus and the cabs are just outside, I will definetly stay ther my next time in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flydutchven
<Content>A bit overrated Stayed at the Arts for a three-day conference. Interesting design, good service, great food (priced accordingly).Room was a bit run-down though(some fixtures malfunctioning, curtain torn, and not really clean). All in all a good place to stay-but not as outstanding as prices suggest. Our favourites are still the Majestic ,and the Meridien on the Ramblas, with a SPECTACULAR corner room..! Both offer better overall value than the Arts, unless you attach a lot of value to being right by the beach.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Completely overrated For the price, I was extremely disappointed. You are also away from the heartbeat of the city. There are much better options available.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A-non-o-mouse
<Content>Very nice rooms - worth the extra money if you need a safe bet We had a few days after a business trip and spent a night at the supposed 4 star Ambassador just off the Ramblas - awful - was so in need of a decent night's sleep checked into the Arts. Did not regret the decision. A very very comfortable room and superb beds that were like sleeping on a cloud (without being too soft). No noise from other rooms (a little traffic noise that might be too much for very light sleepers on the lower floors - also sirens as there is a hospital next door - however this did not bother us). Great views, esp from our room which was on the 20th floor.Be careful of the extras - as these are expensive of course. Did not eat at the 2 michelin star restaurant (as it was closed) - found that the bar by the pool was the best bet for eating at the hotel - was not impressed with the Bites restaurant... which was also expensive of course.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Transatlanticgirl
<Content>Posh but you pay the price Hotel Arts is a posh hotel with posh prices and if that is what you want then fine. Rooms are very spacious, clean and the service was excellent (except in the restaurant which is extremely expensive for what you get). I stayed on business and that's the only way I would stay here. It's fine for business meetings and the like but for tourists, it's a way from the town centre (10/15 mins in a cab). If you want better value and a central location then stay in town. I've stayed in the NH Duc de la Victoria - which is not in the same league as the Arts being a 3 star (but a very good 3 star at that - should be 4*) but it's less than half the price of the Hotel Arts and much more in the middle of things for those who want to be tourists and see this wonderful city.The open top tourist buses are great value and cover pretty much everything you'd want to see and you can get on and off during the 12 hours they run. They do stop near the Hotel Arts as alternative way of getting into town. A bargain at 17 Euros for one day and 21 Euros for 2 consecutive days!  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>half a hotel, double a bill The communal areas are fantastic , well designed and funky. The pool area is great , and the general staff very friendlyThe rooms are awful ... they are large , but are now terribly dated and in need of serious refurbishment .. the bathrooms especially are horribleThe cost of staying here !! the room rate is high, but my 5 day bill was average of 200eur a day in extras (room service breakfast, lunch by the pool -grilled lobster 150eur if you are crazy enough to order it, I wasnt- and a drink or two by the bar)stay somewhere else in barcelona ... and go to the Arts to visit the great bar and the fantastic Arola restaurant  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waste of money         
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Petizza
<Content>What Wow Factor? We spent 3 days there in 2004. Our trip started with a bad omen as our luggage had disapeared on Iberia flight from Madrid. The staff did not seem very sympathetic. I constantly had to call Iberia (thank goodness I speak spanish fluently) because the staff was not offering much help other that we will send your bags up when they get here After 2 days and about 20 calls later my bags were found in Athens and were returned the day before we had to leave.  Anyway as this is not a review about Iberia, I really feel that the Hotel should have done more to help us deal with the situation. I had to ask them where we could get toiltetires, clothes etc. None of this assistance was offered even though they told me that this is a common occurence. I found the hotel decor dated. It was not a Boutique hotel like the ones in U.S say like the Schrager Hotels. There were some minimalist features but it was sort of a mix between minimalism and gaudy (think lots of pink marble) The rooms are carpeted and our room had a pink/peach hue, more pink marble in the bathroom. We also did not enjoy the white flourescent lights by the windows, which might give a cool aspect from outside the building but not very nice on the inside. And for those people saying that the location is not bad, it is bad. To have to take a 5 min taxi ride or to have to take a taxi ride everywhere you go is not good in my book. It reminded me to living in Battery Park City in New York, where Tribeca and Soho are so close but not really. I enjoy walking in cities and the walk between the hotel and anywhere else in not nice. If you were staying in the center of town you could have a nice walk in any number of directions. If you are going to spend the money I recommend you stay in one of the hotels in the center of town. The choice is very much like the difference between Battery Park City and Soho, where would you rather be?  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel - at a price ! Just returned form Easter break in Barcelona. Had heard so much about the Hotel Arts, just had to book it ! We stayed 5 nights in Deluxe room with harbour view - fantastic view, beautiful hotel inside, superb service throughout our stay. For work I stay in about 30 hotels a year and this was undoubtedly luxurious. Lacks an indoor pool, though.It is certainly not cheap. Of course, you expect to pay for 5-star location in such a chic city as Barcelona but some of the prices were outrageous - 3 cheeseburger lunch, 2 glasses of basic wine at lunch pool amounting to 88 euros (拢60) was a classic example.The Arola restaurant in hotel is a must - wonderful design, superb food.Hotel is about 20 mins walk from the edge of the Gothic area and interesting museums etc.. Excellent place but be prepared with your finances !  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>needaholiday
<Content>There are alot nicer hotels in Barcelona! I have to say this hotel was a big disappointment. I stayed there in August 2004 with my boyfriend for five days. We had high hopes of this hotel when in fact it was no more then any other corporate hotel that i have stayed in, apart from the larger room and bathroom. There was nothing about the hotel that said anything signigicant at all. It needed refurbishing and the classic view that we were looking forward to was a huge skyrise looking into our room! I have stayed in much nicer and cheaper hotels just off the ramblas.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BigVern
<Content>Mmmmmm Staff were great, a bonus when you are travelling with a 3 year old. Rooms were surprisingly dowdy and old fashioned given the fantastic lobby, bar, restaurant etc areas. Maybe a tad on the overpriced side of things but we enjoyed it well enough. Altho be warned that it is not very central for the attractions.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hotel Arts. I stayed at the hotel arts Feb. 18 - 21st.All I can say is, if you are going to Barcelona, this is the place to be.The hotel is absolutely stunning. fresh flowers everywhere, a fantastic staffand the location is amazing. Right on the beach with great restaurants all around it. Bestial is a lot of fun and Abac is not to be missed. If you stay in a club suite (and you should) the club lounge is better than most of the restaurants in Barcelona. The pool and sculpture garden are a nice touch.All in all the time we spent at The Hotel Arts was actually the best time we had in Barcelona. I would put this hotel in a class with the Ritz Carlton in New York and the Morrison in Dublin. Truly a great hotel. I read a number of reviews that referred to the location as a negative. I couldn't disagree more. Barcelona is much prettier from the 32nd floor of this hotel then it is from street level. The area around the hotel is actually the nicest part of Barcelona and you can hail a cab or walk about 50 yards to the subway station and go anywhere you want in a few minutes. Aword of warning about the cab drivers in Barcelona - every other one of them will rip you off in ever imaginative ways. Be aware and be careful. the subway was great by the way.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LondonShoegal
<Content>Worth a visit for the views alone We'd booked The Hotel Arts because we wanted to stay somewhere nice. We weren't expecting palatial treatment as we'd booked a late, special offer online... wow! From the moment we arrived, we couldn#t have been treated better. Concierge so helpful (where you spoke Spanish or not) that you wanted to take them home with you. Reception upgraded us on arrival to a corner club room with breathtaking views - over the sea, the port olympic and into town. Beds so comfortable and luxurious bathrooms with separate shower, bath and toilet - a rarity when most hotels squeeze the space away.The location wasn't an issue - apart from the fact that there was no real options directly outside the hotel - but you're not visiting a resort but a city! The tour buses stop right outside the hotel, taxis are abundant AND you don't get all the noise from the late night revellers if you want to get a good night's sleep. All in all, was expecting an average visit to a luxurious hotel (had booked Hotel Majestic, but cancelled having read the reviews here!) and couldn't have asked for a better visit.!Viva espana!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dannycarlucci
<Content>Enjoyed my stay at the Hotel Arts I stayed at the Hotel Arts for a business conference at the beginning of March 2005. The hotel is very nice. The decor of the public areas is modern looking - more like a W than a Ritz Carlton. The staff is very nice and helpful and just about everyone spoke English - particularly the front desk staff and concierge. The staff was helpful in giving directions, recommending activities, and they arranged an 5:00 A.M. taxi to the airport. The location of the hotel is away from the main tourist area, but only a short cab ride away. If you are in decent shape, you can walk to La Rambla in about 20 minutes. I would imagine that during the summer the location is very attractive, being right on the beach. Unfortuantely, it was very cold during my stay (it even snowed one day). The rooms were very nice. I stayed in a regular room which was extremely large by European standard. However, it did take me a while to figure out the light switches and, even with all of the room lights on, it seemed dark in the room. The rooms could use a little sprucing up. The rug looked like it was a bit ragged. However, all in all, I would say that the Hotel Arts is a wonderful hotel and would not hesitate to recommend staying here.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could do just a little bit better I stay in hotels for over 100 days a year, so know what to expect. I use the Ritz Carlton hotels in the US and Four Seasons hotels in Europe, so I also know what a good top end hotel should be. Many friends had stayed at the Arts and came back with rave reviews, so I had very high expectations.Yes it is a great hotel. Forget those saying how far it is from the tourist centre of town, its only a 5 min taxi ride, and the peaceful marina location is great to come back to after a hard day at work/play.The public spaces are lovely with great design and they have a great 'wow' factor. I had a suite on the 23rd floor, which was very large, with wonderful views, so it should have been perfect, but.....The fittings in the room, other than the hi tech, which is very good, are all looking a little tired. Some lights were broken, a lamp shade was ripped, the bathrooms are 10 years out of date. My shower pressure was also a little limp. The carpets are looking a little worse for wear, and there are the creeping signs of neglect around the edges. At a regualr Ritz Carlton its the attention to detail that makes them the premier hotel group in the world, and its a shame that the management here, don't seem to go for detail.The staff were great, and very attentive, but room service was a little slow and as others have reported, calling the front desk is a challange. That said, the service from the the conciege was excellent.I would recommend, rather than rave about this place. If they renovated the bathrooms, replaced a few light bulbs and just gave the rooms a fresh makeover, there would be few hotels in Spain to compete with these guys.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>traveller06London
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This is a great hotel on by the sea, Ritz-Carlton have come up trumps again. Service was outstanding from the minute we arrived, they even gave us a say on where we would like our room sea or city view. The food was good through out our stay at the hotel. The pool area is great and the service around the pool area is very good too, no waiting for drinks or towels.My only gripe would be that the rooms are getting a bit old, however the hotel is due refirbishment some time this year!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the service we expected Having read all the reviews I do not believe this Hotel lives up to its reputation - we had a few problems with service, no-one seems to answer the phones and worse still staff, when confronted with problems give the impression they do not care. Will definitely NOT return.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>batw
<Content>Amazing No better place to stay in Barcelona. Rooms, facilities, staff...perfect. Has that WOW! factor  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tinkleflick
<Content>Excellent, friendly service. Beautiful hotel, nearly every ammenity you can think of, gorgeous pool and excellent restaurants in the hotel. I agree with the previous reviewer that the location is not as convenient as staying in the city center, but after a long day of sightseeing, it was a very nice place to call home for a week. The staff seemed to be genuinely friendly and the service was excellent. I went with a very large group (500+) and their attention to detail was amazing. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>malser
<Content>Well-Done Stayed here on the last leg of our honeymoon in August 2003 and loved it. The hotel somehow manages to be modern yet warm and comfortable at the same time. After staying at older more European-style hotels in other parts of Spain, it was a pleasure to get to the clean, comfy elegance of the Arts. The rooms are comfortable and outfitted with Bang  Olufsen stereos and bedside controls for the window shades and lights. The shower is possibly the greatest hotel shower on earth- large with multiple showerheads that spray you from top to bottom. We were upgraded to club level so were on a high floor, with amazing views of the city, and had access to the club lounge, which was a nice addition. The pool area is great but crowded. The staff is warm and friendly. My only complaint is the location. The Porto Olympico area is nice but it would be nice to be within walking distance of Las Ramblas or Passeig de Gracia. Inevitably you'll take cabs or the Metro downtown- it's only a 5-minute ride. There are a few great restaurants on the beach (Aqua) but otherwise a dearth of good food outside the hotel. Still, I think it's worth it to stay here, a tad outside of downtown- the hotel is that good.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Big_Aussie_Traveller
<Content>Great hotel Here with work function for 2 days... excellent place, however, appointments (ie: fittings) in the rooms are the only thing that hold me back from giving a 5 rating - the appointments are abit old fashioned - early 90s than recently fitted high-end hotels. But that's a real picky issue. IT'S A LOVELY HOTEL! Great location for work event. Food is good.Beautiful lobby areas and great service.PS: I have no idea how much my company is paying for this  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vegaskay
<Content>Fabulous Experience Stayed here pre and post cruise in mid October. Wonderful hotel, fabulous service. Definately worth the upgrade to club level-four food presentations per day (including evening tapas), private concierge (including check out), touches like mailing postcards for you at no additional charge. Although the location is not walking distance to the Ramblas, its an easy trip by taxi or metro (evening traffic in Barcelona is very congested).  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best city hotel you can find The Arts hotel is the best hotel you can find. The location is superb, overlooking the beach, lots of restaurants nearby. However, you probably won't leave the hotel during your stay!The rooms are superb, with excellent beds, BangOlufsen TV and stereo, great views, a huge bathroom with shower, bath tub, etc... everything you could possibly want.The swimming-pool (although a bit small) is great, overlooking the sea. The gym is quite good. It is not a full-fledged gym, but it is by far the best I have seen in a hotel. Around 10 cardio machines and then enough weights to keep yourself in good shape.There are several restaurants in the hotel, with different types of cuisines, and the prices are very reasonable.In summary, the Arts is a great experience.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outside of FC Barcelona, this is the Best Thing Everything that has been written about this hotel is true. We have just spent a few days at the Arts for our ninth wedding anniversary and thoroughly recommend it. The attention to detail is second to none, views are magnificient and the location superb. Pity that Barcelona as a city lets this splendid hotel, however for a truely relaxing break, this hotel cannot be beaten.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We want to live at the Arts! It was a great place. The staff, the bar, the cool CD player, the attention to detail, and its location near the beach meant we had a fantastic stay at the Arts hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yvr14
<Content>Beautiful Hotel with a View We stayed at the Hotel Arts prior to our cruise in July and we loved the Hotel. We had a lovely room with picture windows overlooking the ocean and the marina. We loved the location.Our room was beautiful and the service was excellent. We were upgraded to the Club Floor and the concierges there were wonderful. We were sent to some amazing restaurants that weren't packed with tourists and had delicious food. We would definitely stay at The Arts again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kingdom100
<Content>Service is a fine art at Hotel Arts Upon my arrival, the bell captain swiftly removed the luggage from the taxi and whisked it away. One enters a small lobby with two sofas, and a wonderful French delicatessen, 鈥淗ediard鈥? Two lifts lead into the main lobby of the hotel. The reception area is stylish, if a little bland and international, a frosted glass chandelier looking most out of place. Receptionist was swift and efficient, and obliged my request for a sea view room (having only reserved a city view) on a high floor. To access the rooms, one leaves the lobby down a passageway which has various vases and cut flowers decorating it, to yet another lobby housing the six lifts. Lifts are lined in a burr wood, with the only mirrors being the doors. The corridors leading to the bedrooms are a little bland, lifted only by the occasional painting. The bedroom comprised a small lobby with two double (single hanging) wardrobes, which led into a very long, but rather narrow room with a marvellous 鈥渨ide screen鈥?picture window with views over the pool, marina, and ocean beyond. The bathroom, to my surprise, felt rather dated, with peachy cream sanitary-ware. No Bulgari toiletries (as noted in other reviews), but ones created 鈥渆xclusively for Hotel Arts鈥?by some squiggled signatured company in 鈥淗ong Kong and New York鈥? That said, they were of a relatively good standard. The bathtub was long and wide, but took a terribly long time to fill to a suitable depth. A toilet and bidet were contained in a screened off area, as was the shower cubicle. Unfortunately, as I was to discover, the seal on the shower door wasn鈥檛 as flush/tight as it should have been. The combination of two side jets and one fixed head led to one finding the entire bathroom flooded upon exiting the shower. I wondered whether, perhaps, I had left the door slightly ajar, however, when the bathroom was flooded yet again on the next day, I realised it was the seal at fault. The staff were very quick in mopping up the soaking floor, and replacing the towels that I had used in an effort to dry the floor. The bed was comfortable, but still had old fashioned sheets, not a more modern duvet. The control panel (for speakers, blind, and lights) beside the bed which incorporated an alarm clock was a very well thought out feature. One could wake up and at the touch of a button be greeted by ocean views! The Bang  Olufsen stereo was sadly not supplemented by speakers of comparable quantity, those provided were a little feeble and lacking depth of sound - a shame to waste such a great system on them. The television was a little awkwardly placed if one had wanted to watch it in bed. No video library rendered the thoughtfully provided VCR useless - does one really travel with video cassettes? DVDs perhaps, but not videos! A previous reviewer had commented on the 鈥渃heap鈥?fitted furniture. In fact, it is cleverly designed laminated furniture so as to blend in with the wallpaper, and not become a feature in itself. All cupboards were well lit. An iron was provided in the room, along with an ironing board, something I find a little strange for a deluxe property. There were other American school touches like this throughout the entire hotel, nothing wrong, just a little out of place.The gardens were small, but well landscaped and incorporating terraces for bars, restaurants and a pool deck. The pool was ludicrously small for such a large property, the sun loungers started to free up in the late afternoon. Pool staff did not speak English of any standard - they did not understand when asked for 鈥渢owels鈥?even when coupled with a drying gesture. Loungers were available in single or double sizes, and some had 鈥渢ents鈥?enveloping them, presumably for those who prefer the shade. Complimentary bottles of chilled water, and apples were available, and even sun lotion and champagne at extra cost. The lobby area behind the reception contained a small lounging area filled with sofas, deep seated leather chairs and a selection of coffee table books about fashion, architecture and travel. Lemon and minted water was provided in large jugs in the centre of this room. Off of here was the 鈥淏ites鈥?restaurant - a small menu, with lighter dishes that sounded very sickly. On the opposite side was a breakfast room cum lounge, containing more low sofas and deep chairs. A gas fire burnt night and day to serve as a focal point. In the summer this seems ridiculous, style for style鈥檚 sake, some function and logic would have been much appreciated. This room led into the bar, a small room with yet more low chairs and banquettes decorated with black and white photography of the Marx brothers. A small 鈥渨alk-in鈥?humidor in one corner with the bar running along the length of the room. Drinks were steeply, and irregularly priced. A mojito (well made, and a generous size) was priced the same as a champagne cocktail at 16EUR - fine for the latter, but too much for the former. Martinis were all 13EUR. It seemed as if they had been rather lazy and thoughtless in pricing the drinks, almost with the attitude 鈥渋f you can afford to stay here, anything goes鈥? Service was prompt and efficient. I will note that the cigars were all cheaper than if shop bought in the UK, but I imagine this is something more to do with duty/taxes rather than the hotel鈥檚 generosity.The restaurant where one took a buffet breakfast (the name has recently changed and is no longer that advertised in the room) had a large terrace with equally large and cumbersome pieces of wooden furniture. Service, as in the bar, was prompt and efficient, copious amounts of fresh orange juice, and good quality (but by no means the best) coffee was offered by waitresses who continually swanned around. The buffet itself has the usual breads, fruits and pastries. Most notable were the bagels (another American touch), Moet et Chandon champagne, and fresh strawberries with cream that were provided. 25EUR + 7% tax seems relatively good value when compared to other dining options at this property. I took breakfast on three out of five mornings, whilst it is not the best hotel breakfast I鈥檝e had, it is one of the best, certainly recommended. I should also point out that 鈥淏ites鈥?offers an 脿 la carte breakfast menu, but after one would鈥檝e ordered orange juice and coffee, it is more cost effective to have had the buffet and had only a few things.Arola had an excellent menu, however, on the evening I had decided to try it, I was informed (in the morning) that it was fully booked. If I had known it would be so popular I would鈥檝e booked it upon my arrival, I feel that the receptionist should have not overlooked this when checking me into the hotel, at the very least there should be a note in the room advising very early booking. Instead I dined at the main restaurant (Enoteca Bombasti - or words to that effect!). Again I noted the weird pricing system. Starters ranged in price from 10EUR-28EUR (excluding caviar), and main/fish courses from 18-32EUR. The starters seem overpriced, and the main courses slightly underpriced, this is inconsequential, but looks strange on the menu. Food was well presented, if a little sickly at times, but all in all, an enjoyable meal. The poolside restaurant was very casual, and offered a light menu, pizzas, grilled meats, and suchlike; it was also of an equally high standard, with efficient and courteous service. I did not take any other meals at the hotel, but it all seemed to be pretty international fare.Service was very American styled: 鈥淚t is my pleasure, have a nice day鈥? which was polite, if rather insincere, but this cannot really be criticised. The concierge was excellent, pointing out various places of interest and locating them on a map, as well as shopping suggestions - they cannot be blamed for Barcelona鈥檚 lack of quality shopping. When I requested the room to be serviced within the hour, they obliged, with smiles on their faces.As a last note, the hotel lacked atmosphere, this was due to the guests staying there. Mainly brash Britons from Essex (read Louis Vuitton obsessives), and various sections of American society; ranging from older people 鈥渙n vacation鈥?to terribly green corporate types; one man asked his colleague, after touching his trousers 鈥渁re they wool鈥?followed by, 鈥渁m I dressed okay?鈥? how green! During the day people walked around the lobby in sandals, and shorts, which is acceptable given the casual and resort nature of the hotel. However, at 11PM I do not expect to see people walking barefoot (mainly Americans I am afraid) though the hotel. There was no grand or even stylish atmosphere, the hotel had a rather too corporate emphasis on things. If I were to return to the city (which I won鈥檛 be) I would stay there again as it was such a relief to escape the madness of the city centre and walk along the pleasant (if corpse like) beach.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Views We stayed here at the beginning of July. The hotel is gorgeous! Our room was very large. We had a corner room with a view of the sea. Spend the money and get the view you'll be glad you did. The pool area was very nice and the pool staff did a wonderful job!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lansingisland
<Content>Loved our stay! We stayed one night at the Arts on July 13. The hotel was sleek and beautiful, the english speaking staff was consistently friendly and helpful. Our rooms were HUGE with great views of Barcelona and the ocean. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury in Barcelona The Hotel arts is an amazing hotel in Barcelona. While its location is a bit off the beaten path, its 100% worth it. The staff was increadible, the rooms beautful and the pool with harbor views was great. We stayed for a couple of days at the beginning of the trip which was perfect. If you like casino's, there is a great one across the way. I'll admit the hotel is pricey but well worth it!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Holly29
<Content>Large hotel, but realy well done Ok, so I know what you are thinking. How can a huge hotel, with 400+ rooms, have the intimacy, charm and service of a small luxury hotel? The answer: somehow they manage it. Staff are great - our video broke and someone was there to fix it in 2 minutes; we ordered room service and someone came to collect the empty plates. They also have a great, intimate pool area with views of the sea, comfy sunloungers, and friendly staff, and it is small so it does not feel like 400 people are competing for a lounger... But the real reason to come here is for the views - incredible view over the city, beach and marina make this so special. We stayed on the 24th floor and the view was very 'Lost in Translation'.I can only recommend this hotel. The rooms are large and fabulous, staff great, just by the beach and only 10 minutes from the centre. If you want small and romantic, don't stay here, but if you want luxury, great views, and comfort, it's the perfect place.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>sexy Im 17 years old i stayed at the arts hotel and it was a true expericne of fun . The rooms are beauitful and spacious i could sleep in the rooms the whole day and not go out its a heaVEN WITHIN. The stafff are truly friendly and helpful always ready to help anyone. Most of all the staff memebrs female are so pretty and sexy i fall in loive with them.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury hotel for families! I've just got back from spending Easter at the Hotel Arts! The hotel service is absolutely superb and its design ( exterior and interior) is breathtaking.I had an amazing huge room with 2 double beds and a view of the marina, beach and city ( and that was just a standard family room). Room was spotless and in superb condition and had a video/ CD player and the most gorgeous bathroom which was cleaned twice a day. I travelled with my 4 year old and the staff treated her so well- funpacks in the restaurant, special kids meals etc and were genuinely warm and friendly. The food was also amazing- loved the Arola restaurant and the tea-room and bar downstairs. I could easily have stayed at the hotel all day and not ventured into Barcelona!! Hotel even has an amazing outdoor pool and jacuzzi on the second floor where you could just chill out all day. Hotel is just a short walk from shops and restaurants on the marina and a 5 minute walk to the Zoo ( recommend hiring green electric car at the zoo- 13 euros for 1 hour for 2 adults and 2 kids- fantastic way to see the zoo!). Port Vell also 5 minutes by taxi ( about 8 euros) is nearby with a mini- fairground for children. There is a taxi stand just outside the hotel entrance and the metro is about a 5 minute walk away. The Barcelona tourist ' turisme' bus also leaves from just outside the hotel. I would highly recommend this hotel especially to those with children. I viewed the other Hotels in Barcelona and none compared to the Arts in relation to location, style and overall class! Only disadvantage- no kids tv channel but can bring own VHS video tapes as room has video player.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel I only stayed in Spain for three days but staying at the Arts hotel was wonderful. It is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The hotel's land is so beautifully landscaped and just a few steps a way from the Medetteranian Sea. The rooms are beautiful and the staff is great.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Hotel Arts I first visited the Hotel Arts when i was just nine years old in 1993, and have freequented the hotel since then on my annual holiday to Spain's most picturesque city. The hotel offers some of the most splendid views over the 1992 Olympic marina and the Northern Mediterranean. The hotel has far mor to offer than just the views; it gives it's visitors a warm friendly welcome as they are initially overwhelmed by the fantastic archetecture of the building. The lobby of the hotel is spectacular. The hotel runs with absolubt fluency and offers the most excuisit choise of breakfast. The rooms are very comfortable, and provides the visitor with every thing they require and more. This is simply the most spectacular and luxurious hotel in Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for a luxury weekend break! A very stylish hotel, with fantastic views of Barcelona and the beach. It is about to have a re-furb which is good news because our bathroom was looking a little dated. Great Cigar Bar and helpful staff. Can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel Ever I can honestly say that i have never stayed in such a lovely hotel with friendly staff who are always on hand and couldn't do more to help. Anyone who has written a bad review of this hotel must have nothing better to do with their time than complain. I would recommend if you are traveling to Barcelona this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top of The Line Just returned from a short trip to Europe, which included a two-night stay at the Hotel Arts. The limited amount of service we were exposed to was quite good and we waited little more than a few minutes to have the few requests we made fully satisfied. The rooms are fantastic and extremely large, even by US standards. We had booked a special rate that was substantially under rack and still had a large, extremely well appointed room with a view of the Marina. The marble bathrooms are huge with separate showers and a deep tub. The beds are extremely comfortable with high quality bedding. We enjoyed the Bang  Olufsen stereo while unwinding after a day of touring. Our short stay did not allow us time to use the spa and the pool was closed for winter but both looked wonderful.I was a bit apprehensive about the location, as the hotel is not located in the heart of the city. It turned out that the old city it is within a ten-minute walk, the metro is nearby and there are inexpensive taxis lined up out front of the hotel at most hours. There are plenty of decent restaurants within a few blocks of the hotel and the beach is right out front. All in all, it was an excellent stay and one I wouldn?t mind repeating in the near future. Next time I?ll stay a bit longer and enjoy some of what the hotel has to offer.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab Fab Fab   showReview(1550644, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing views of the city and beach   showReview(1538406, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>McBoot
<Content>Very stylish hotel   showReview(1492155, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible experience at Hotel Arts   showReview(1272481, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarylandTravelers
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Great Location   showReview(1272342, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poorest Service Vastly Understaffed Hotel   showReview(1151277, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kunphuzn
<Content>Fabulous   showReview(1144795, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clueless20
<Content>Expected a little more from a Ritz managed hotel   showReview(1028178, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VivaLaFrance
<Content>Excellent place to stay   showReview(982001, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury at it's Finest   showReview(921979, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>minisouchette
<Content>extraordinaire accueil   showReview(22204294, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Al_Petrone
<Content>Al Hotel Arts       Al Arts  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>merilcoco
<Content>Surtout n'y allez pas   showReview(20928618, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>narcho77
<Content>magnifique..   showReview(19738886, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top-Adresse an Barcelonas Strand!!!   showReview(19649945, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>volvoretaMadrid
<Content>Barcelona desde el Arts se ve m谩s guapa   showReview(18418409, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MONICA-JOSELU
<Content>fatal   showReview(18369047, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>PAMA73
<Content>Week end da Sogno       il comodo letto  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>marrako13
<Content>Instalaciones excelentes. Personal muy bueno. Direcci贸n p茅sima   showReview(12004157, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>H茅rcules
<Content>Excelente ubicaci贸n, pero...   showReview(8469357, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	2	1	2	

<Author>n9547v
<Content>Gemischte Erfahrung   showReview(8395471, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>2	1	5	4	5	4	1	3	

<Author>clara31
<Content>H么tel Magnifique   showReview(8280427, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pocson
<Content>Un hotel moderne et de bon niveau   showReview(7628659, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈綋銇渶楂樸仹銇椼仧...   showReview(21801549, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TritonGeneve
<Content>Magnifique !   showReview(5372220, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆屻亪銆併亾銈屻亴銉涖儐銉?..   showReview(19926029, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儷銈汇儹銉婃腐銇屼竴鏈涖仹...   showReview(19918183, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂櫤銇椼仸锛掓硦銇椼伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19917839, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€瀹熴伅銇撱伄銉涖儐銉€佹硦...   showReview(19916893, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

