<Author>Adithepv
<Content>Luxurious hotel with spacious rooms I stayed at the Fullerton from 28Sept08-1Oct08. This was after the Singapore Grand Prix event and my company reserved this hotel as it is walking distance to the office. The hotel lobby is huge and very luxurious. The single room was very spacious by Singapore standards (but to be honest I don't know the exact type of room since I didn't reserve or have to pay for it). Had a chance to try out the fitness room, which was also good. Ordered room service (the lamb, fired rice) and the food was delicious, in fact one of the best hotel foods I've ever had. Service was also fine - somehow the turnaround times at the front desk and concierge was fast despite the numerous hotel guests. All-in-all, very satisfied with the stay.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Robert-J01
<Content>Bad start but finished well My wife and I stayed at the Fullerton for two nights as a stopover on a trip back from Rome.We stayed at the Fullerton last year with our two young children on a stopover on a trip back from the Maldives. The service was superb on all fronts and as a result we elected to stay again.We arrived early in the morning after an overnight flight. This was naturally before check in so we were quite relaxed and understanding that our room might not be ready. Mind you on the last visit we arrived similarly early and they happily put us in a temporary room.At the check in desk, it seemed that the lady handling our check in had a room ready and was going to put us in it and when she sought to, clear it or whatever they do, with her supervisor. Unfortunately the lady on the desk saw it as an 鈥渦psell鈥?opportunity and highlighted that our room was unavailable, but a higher quality room was if we would like to book it. The extra cost was to be around S$500 compared to the room we had booked that was S$400 per night. For a few hours this didn鈥檛 seem all that worthwhile and we declined. Sensing something a little odd with how this unfolded, I asked if the hotel was 100% full and I was told yes.My wife and I then went and rested on the couches in the lobby. Very comfy they were and in 5-10 minutes my wife was out like a light. A further 10-15 minutes later, I guess this was noticed and a room was made available straight away.So with a little delay we were in a room and after a short nap we headed out.On return we were in our room, it was on the 7th floor with a balcony and view over the Boat Quay. The fit out of the rooms is superb and styling is very nice. Seems to me the styling of the rooms is a little more in keeping with the colonial/heritage nature of the hotel as compared to the lobby, which seems a bit out of kilter with the colonial/heritage nature of the hotel 鈥?a bit more modern when a heritage/colonial approach would have suited more.The view from the room and the balcony was also good. Breakfast was included in our rate and was very good as well.We used the pool and gym, both excellent, and the pool with a great view of the Boat Quay.We think the heritage nature of the building coupled with the location (particularly if in town for business which we were not) is what sets the hotel apart from many others. It also seemed to be pretty good value.A really good hotel, just the one annoyance at check in.Would we return. Yes. Might stay somewhere else for a change, but not because the hotel was a problem.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>jbohnke
<Content>Disappointing- not worth the price compared to similiar hotels in Singapore 5 years ago I came here with my mother, and we stayed in a suite. We had an amazing visit, and I was convinced this was the best hotel in Singapore, and a welcome respite from generic hotels elsewhere in the city. I was thus excited to make a return visit during my most recent stay in the city. I was disheartened by how much has changed. Now, an important caveat was that I was just coming from the Ritz, which has fantastic service (see my review there), so my expectations were high. But they should be- the Fullerton costs just as much, and claims the same level of serviceFrom the moment the taxi pulled up the service was lacking. No porters were waiting to take my things from the taxi, no one helped me with my bags until I was already inside. Indeed the entire visit the doormen ad porters were conspicuously absent or unhelpful. Very bad first impression.The lobby is grand, but so overrun with shops and restaurants, you cannot find the check-in desk. My room was not ready, and the upgrade to a club room cost $130! The upgrade at the Ritz was $100, and the club there was much better. My room was TINY- I mean ridiculous tiny. It had a balcony, which sounded nice to begin with, but once I was there was totally pointless. there was no where to sit, a pressurized door that snapped closed behind you and I could barely open, and a balcony railing (concrete and solid) that was so high it effectively blocked your view of the river from the room. I have NO idea why they don't put tables and chairs out there so you could at least enjoy it. As it is, I could only see the river standing up at the edge. Now the view of the river is one of the great things this hotel has to offer- you think they would take advantage of it.The air conditioner was extraordinarily loud. When I asked for another room, i was told that that was normal, and that an upgrade (which was the only option) would cost money. It was only when I expressed a desire to check out early that suddenly a complimentary upgrade was available. Compare this to a similar experience with the Ritz where it was offered without me asking, and the staff was especially apologetic. The room I received was bigger, with a glorious river view, but the room itself was just average. Nothing special, what I would expect from a 4-star generic property. A hotel like the Fullerton should take advantage of its unique building to provide unique facilities and service. I was less than impressed. Nothing stood out, all in all it was a generic 4-star hotel on the inside. The room service food was extremely limited in choice and overly expensive for what it was. The bed was very hard and uncomfortable, although they were forthcoming with additional pillows when asked. The housekeeping was good, although lacking in the personal touches of the Ritz. The internet was idiotically expensive- $30 SGD a night. Most hotels of this caliber in Asia have it for free. Club food was limited, especially considering the cost. They did have wireless though, which was nice, as most hotels in Singapore don't have it in guest rooms, only in common areas.The front desk and concierge would often fail to even answer the phone, or would take up to 2 minutes of ringing to do so. Inexcusable.Hands down the highlight was the view of the river, but I would be wary as the views on the other side stare straight into offices. Be sure to ask for a river view.A hotel that started out well, but unfortunately now seems to be going through the motions. Sad.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	2	2	2	

<Author>horhay
<Content>A grand hotel but the courtyard rooms are overpriced I've stayed at the Fullerton a few times over the past year in different room types. There is no doubt the Fullerton is a grand hotel with all the grace and amenities you'd expect from a top notch 5 star international hotel. The staff are formal without being stuffy and everything appears to run very professionally. The hotel also has a superb location right on the Singapore river, in the middle of downtown, with the Boat Quay and Clark Quay strips literally minutes away by foot, and the Colonial District and the Esplanade complex also directly across the river via a small 19th century footbridge. On my most recent visit I tried one of the base grade courtyard rooms for the first time - keep in mind even these base grade rooms can come in at the better part of US$500 a night including breakfast. The room was furnished to the same standard as all the other rooms I've had there and have almost all of the same amenities - but no i-pod docking station for example. As the name suggests these rooms look into the hotel's huge internal glass roofed atrium. I was on the second to top floor of the hotel so very close to the roof and I found this let in plenty of natural light notwithstanding the internal view but I dont know how well this would work if you were on one of the floors nearer the ground floor. What I did notice was that this room grade is smaller than the others and I know you can get much larger rooms in other 5 star hotels in Singapore with an outside view for less. With 2 people and their luggage in the room there is still room to swing a cat - but only just. The other thing I noticed is that in the afternoons there is a pianist playing in the lobby which is great - except that the music is very audible in the room which wasn't great when you have jet lag and want to rest during the day. All up, still a real institution of a hotel but in my opinion the courtyard rooms do not offer good value for money.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>SydneyShell
<Content>Wow - Full On! I went on business and did not have a choice of room. It seems they have a few variations of room size and view etc for certain price ranges. Some of my colleagues had a very small room but a lovely window with a good view. Others had a good room with poor view.The room I had was large and spacious and the bed was really comfortable.Very clean.The window was rather unusual - it was two high ones and two low ones with concrete through the middle. It was just under the eaves of the red tile roof, so it must have been previously a floor that they removed during refurbishment from when it was a post office. If you laid on the floor you could get a pretty good view of the river and across to Boat Quay.I loved the pool, it was a great way to relax in the evening, not crowded at all. Very relaxing with a fantastic view.I heard from colleagues the gym wasn't that great.Lots of people around to help you or assist you at every step.The buffet arrangements are excellent. The curry luncheon they put on daily is very very good.The Post Bar was okay, but I wouldn't rave about it.The conference facilities are well run, but are downstairs with no windows.Would thoroughly recommend the Fullerton as a function venue or hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>max2lucy
<Content>Great Place, Great Location, I stayed two weeks at the Fullerton for business and give it overall high ranks. First, the location is excellent, in the central business district and a within a block of the subway system. Second, the service is excellent, with prompt responses to all needs. Staff is very friendly. I had a basic entry-level room facing the inside atrium. Its pretty quiet unless there is a reception in the atrium then it can get a bit noisy, but that was for only one of the nights, so really cannot complain. Only other drawback for the room is that you can't tell what kind of weather to prepare for (i.e. rain, sun etc.). The only drawback with the room is that the hotel is starting to show its age with some of the fixtures. I noticed plug-ins/receptacles were starting to come loose and one of the telephone jacks was broken. These are minor issues and are the only real area of criticism. Rooms, common areas and facilities are all very clean. In terms of amenities, room service and restaurants are all very good. The pool is really nice, with an impressive view day or night. Its a full 25 meters and is open at 6.00 AM until 11 PM. I went almost every day before sunrise and often had only one other person in the pool. The spa is also very nice, although quite expensive, but again the atmosphere and professionalism are top notch. Overall a great location, (quiet area, but only 4 stops away from Orchard Road Station, so its good for business and shopping), great staff and good food. It is by no means cheap, but seems to provide pretty good value for the money.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jugsholme
<Content>Fabbie Fullerton Fantastic visit to Singapore was crowned by staying at the Fullerton. The service was understated while being efficient and charming. It is in a great location and totally unique among the hotels in Singapore - neither in a time warp nor a modern tower clone. The accommodation was as you would expect, comfortable and plush, huge bed, vast bath, super water pressure with lots of attention to detail. Good coffee machine, Bose docking system, soft robes, pillow menu etc etc all made our stay nicer. Breakfast choices were delicious, the restaurant staff were very attentive and the terrace where we chose to take breakfast has a good river view. The chambermaid greeted me by name in the corridor which I thought was amazing and this typified the service and care we received. I can't imagine wanting to stay anywhere else when next in Singapore  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JChua
<Content>Top Corner of the Fullerton!       Complimentary 12 types of coffee and various kinds of tea!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cratch
<Content>Quite Superb Spot on. From arriving on a late flight the whole experience was magnificent.Everything you should expect from a good hotel.To give an idea of detail I left some money in the room, not a lot, but this was immediately taken into the hotel safe with a message left for me to advise.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ikura
<Content>well-designed layout, but avoid courtyard room The good:- nice room design: spacious all-granite bathroom, big desk and good work area, 50% larger than normal rooms- beautiful fruit basket on arrival - far more than I could eat- lovely bathtub and shower, though sides of bathtub were so high that it's hard for a short person to get in- close to Boat Quay and food marketThe bad:- courtyard room had no view, no sunlight, and subjected you to the elevator-style music played live in the afternoon- carpet felt damp and sticky; same with chair upholstery- desk chair too low for desk- expensive internet access- no towel racks and no option to reuse towels and not change sheets - environmentally unsoundOverall, I've preferred other Singapore hotels. However, a colleague who had a room with an outside view said it was an excellent room.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andrew_london_E2
<Content>If you don't mind damp bedding then this is a wonderful hotel I've never felt strongly enough to review a hotel in all the years I've used this site, but the Fullerton changed all that.This hotel is a beautiful building and ideally located in the business district. However, there are some serious issues with the dampness of the hotel.After a few days of mild dampness, we started noticing that paperwork was damp to the touch, and our clothes (in the wardrobe) were also damp. The bedding, even inside the bed, was by the third night unacceptably damp, accompanied by an overwhelming smell of dampness, causing us to complain.We were shown 4 other rooms ending at midnight, when we gave up and went to sleep in our dank bedroom. The highlight of the 4 was a room on the front of the building which did not smell of damp like the others, but which had condensation 'inside' the double glazing, obscuring the view of the very noisy road below.We checked out this morning and moved to the Fairmont. Instantly more friendly than the staff at the Fullerton, I felt welcomed right away and have been upgraded to the executive floor. I have a view of the water and the city, a balcony, and DRY BEDDING. What more could you ask for.I wouldn't say never stay at the Fullerton as it is a nice hotel in a good location, but make sure to complain right away if you have any problems with dampness and make sure they put you in a room to your liking.PS: The 4th floor seemed particularly prone to the smell of damp. Perhaps one to avoid.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>suitedealer
<Content>Fullerton 'sweet' for baby we have just returned from 6 nights at the Fullerton on an extended stay with the Suite Weekend Deal and were very impressed. The room offered a separate bedroom and almost 100 sqm of space with carpeted floors perfect for our 9 month old baby. Only pain was that there were 6 stairs down from the front door to the whisper quiet apartment with river views of Clarke Quay precinct and Museum  Bridge.Suite deal include access to club lounge and breakfast with Tattinger champagne that can be had downstairs in the main room with more breakfast choice and river views if desired. The breakfasts were extensive and had options of Cook to prepare what you want re eggs and omlettes on request. From 6pm til 8pm you can go to the lounge and have as much Champagne or cocktails as you wish whilst enjoying buffet sushi and canapes of a very high standard including Asian and western options. The staff are friendly, english speaking and will go out of thier way to assist you. Internet is free in room and on the club level.The Fullerton is in an excellent position and if you book a cab fom the room , one will appear in 5 minutes in the foyer and you just have to provide your booking number. $2.50 sing booking fee and about another $5 to anywhere thats imprtant in SIngapore such as Orchard Rd, Suntec City shopping or the fabulous VIVO City shopping Mall near Sentosa that you must see. You ca walk in 5 minutes to the underpass that links Metro stations and walkways to the linked malls if you ca stand the Singapore humidity.Fullerton Hotel is well maintained and definately 5 star but being a newish (8 years) hotel in an old building there are a few issues and compromises that are only a problem if you look for them like high windows and some water damage in walls of room but no mould smell. Bvlgari toiletries, granite tiled bathrooms and two LCD tv s and DVD in room. Room service food is excellent and cheap..just stay away form alcohol and buy it at shopping malls for a fraction of the price. A $18 (after taxes) local beer is hard to swallow in the room! more like $3 at the supermarket.Highly recommend this hotel and got a rate of under $US450 a night so excellent relative value. Good on you Fullerton, keep up the high standards.Remember to find the best rate on the hotel website then ring for a better deal..it works for most hotels in Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>cristianonyc
<Content>Overrated Forget all the reviews, the beautiful architecture of the building, The Fullerton is too big to deliver the luxury you expect from a 5 stars hotel and from the price you pay for your room. The staff has no personal attention , simply there are too many guests to help !When you enter the property you really feel to enter a post office ( what the building used to be before the rennovation in 2001 ) and not a luxury property !!! My room on a higher floor with view of the river , was not better than a Novotel room. Small, very average decor , cheap furniture. The staff don't speak proper english , but a local slang. If you expect luxury and attention this is not the place to stay !!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>thephantomtraveller
<Content>Perfection I had stayed in this hotel for 5 times in a span of 2 years. From regular rooms to grand suites, each and every stay never siezes to amaze me. Their service had been consistently exemplary. Staff members gladly assist guests in any way they can. I look forward to future stays in this establishment.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>QBowser
<Content>fabulous service, luxury accomodation We stayed here after a difficult trip and in desperate need of relaxation and some serious pampering, we have stayed in various hotles in Singapore but the Fullerton is the best so far. Service is exceptional without being too grandious.Came back thoroughly refreshed.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BobHadden
<Content>An interesting hotel       Happy Birthday Bob  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>bestthingsinlife
<Content>Beautiful! First time in Singapore on business - excellent all round.I upgraded to a port view - well worthwhile.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wolrdwide
<Content>Not worth it - tiny rooms It was my first, very much anticipated stay at the Fullerton. Would I stay again? No, but then I am a big fan of the Ritz-Carlton in SGP and I was disappointed by the Fullerton. Firstly, I was disappointed by my room. A large number of rooms go to the inside court ie no proper daylight. I asked to be given a room with daylight (not necessarily bay view). After a lot of checking, I was offered a room abt $75 higher then my corporate rate. I told them I like a room at my corp rate where I can see the sky and was then given a room with city view. Unfortunately, it was right next to an office block and as the Fullerton is not very high I needed to keep my curtains closed at all time to avoid the feeling that somebody looked straight into my room. I guess I should have settled for the court view as the result was the same, drawn curtains and no sky. The room in itself was pretty but not particularly spacious (although the bathroom is huge) and a lot of room was taken by a large desk. As there was not that much space the luggage rack with my suitcase was pretty much always in my way. This room is too small if there are two of you. The building is a converted post office and ceilings are also not very high, adding to the feeling of a small space. Obviously, the hotel has also bigger rooms 鈥?just I was not in one. At check-in I enquired abt internet connection and was told all the info is in the room. In the room I found a general info booklet, however, it refer re internet to another publication. I could not find the relevant info and in the end I just used my laptop when I went to a Starbucks (free WIFI in SGP). The gym and pool neither impressed me. The pool is on a small concrete plateau (3 or 4 floor) with a pretty view over the river, but there is little space around the pool to sit and hardly any vegetation. It rather has a cramped feeling and it is not a place to stay for long. The Ritz in contrast has a tropical garden which almost makes you forget you are in a city. The gym is okay but not particularly big, nor pretty. I only tried the restaurant for breakfast which is very beautiful and has an airy feeling. You almost could think you are in the South of France. I very much liked it as it did not have that big business hotel feel to it. Overall I would not recommend the place and was very disappointed. While it is silly to whine abt a 5 star hotel, in this part of world you get so much more for your money, why bother with the Fullerton?  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>christyEngland
<Content>Excellent Stayed at the Fullerton for 1 night on a stopover on the way to Australia. We were due to stay for 2 nights but due to a delay at Heathrow we sadly only got to stay for 1 night. Cannot praise the hotel enough. Superb location, service excellent, breakfast was fantastic - looking out over the river. The room was beautiful with a large well equipped bathroom. The city itself is beautiful with so much to see and do. We found everyboy in Singapore, including the taxi driver from the airport to restaurant and bar staff extremely helpful and informative. We will definately return to Singapore and to the Fullerton.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adviserrr
<Content>Ordinary. This was my first stay. The hotel has a fine location and the building is one of but a few in Singapore that has some character. However, everything else about the hotel - rooms, reception areas, service, food - is 3 rather than 5 stars. On the rooms, they were in poor state of repair - some of electric cables by the desk were taped together and the furniture very worn. On service, it was interesting the hotel randomly upgraded just one of us (my collegue and I travelled on the same booking company), my wife could not get through to the hotel despite ringing several times and when she got through, was put on hold and disconnected (when queried about this, the hotel explained that one of their operators was on leave), the front desk staff were just not great. On food, the club floor breakfast was limited (2 choices of cereal?) and the main restaurant was again just not great. One final gripe - the vast and impressive lobby areas had many tables and sofas but most were tagged as reserved (for who?) and most tables had dirty cutlery, cups etc. It was pretty obvious that the people who had the coffee/food had long left the tables - simply unsightly and poor hygiene. All in all, at these rates, surely it makes more sense to stay somewhere consistently reliable like the Shangri La or the Mandarin Oriental.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	3	

<Author>RunningGirl
<Content>Unsurpassable service Having been slightly put off the hotel with some mediocre views, it was with a little trepidation that I booked the hotel, having always wanted to stay there due to the amazing setting on the Singapore River. From start to finish, we were thoroughly impressed. The service was just unbelievable. We were shown round our room by the front of office manager (a quay view room, which was very spacious) and couldn't have had more done for us. Our deal included free bathrobes, a lunch in the Town restaurant (where the buffet was the largest I've ever seen - including a fresh seafood section, sushi, Western food, etc), wine and the hotel even provided us with a complimentary bottle of champagne. The room was a good size, with electric curtains, lights, huge walk in shower and with a balcony overlooking the river. The pool was beautiful - with a seated section along one side combining the pool and jacuzzi!I can't rate this hotel highly enough, and would definitely go back again in future.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WharfTrader
<Content>Only just worth the money stayed here for a weekend in March - hotel is a beautiful old buliding - make sure you ask for a room with an outside view as otherwsie you are looking into the lobby/courtyard - check in was poor - made me wait until official time and then room still wasn't ready - but in fairness they apologised and upgraded me to a duplex suite - room was enourmous - big terrace as well (though overlooking the road so a little noisy) - was very clean - no problems with service after check in debacle; very friendly and professional - pool is fantastic but does get busy so get there early - only had one meal there in the lobby bar which was good - location is arguably a little out of things, though you can walk to boat quay (not great) and clarke quay (much better) - so overall probably just about right for the service/location -would stay there again  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>frequenttraveller123
<Content>Good But At This Price I Need to Mention It's Faults - Esp. Taxis We stayed at the hotel this weekend on a 1/2 price Suite offer. The accommodation was spacious as was over 2 floors, with a nice verandah outside between the large pillars. There are many positives to the hotel that should be as the room rates are high, but the experience is not quite as good as it could be. Positives, negatives and summary below:+Nice location, no big deal getting to places if you can travel by cab and if you can get oneGenerous offer - 1/2 price off suites at weekendsNew and modern - decent LCD TVs, room remote controls, nice amenities, espresso machine etc.Suite nice and spacious, decent sized verandah Speedy check in and check out_ Club lounge closes by 8pm, also generally only 1 staff on duty so response time too slowGetting taxis from the hotel was a complete shambles. The bell captain was enforcing a system whereby taxis would pull up and decline to take passengers unless they were going to be large (mainly to the airport) fares. We spent 10 minutes in the heat waiting, then had to threaten to complain and were then offered to pay an additional fee to the driver to convince him to take a local fareBreakfast not especially nice - buffet style, and much better quality at Valley Wing at Shangri La where things cooked to orderWould have made more sense to have additional room controls for the curtains, do not disturb sign etc. downstairs in the suite as well as upstairsNo TV in the bathroom (pendantic admittedly but the Valley Wing had this)Summary:Very nice stay with a few minor quibbles and one major concern regarding taking taxis. We would stay there again to take advantage of such a nice room.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	3	5	

<Author>epicentre
<Content>Great location, inside just standard I have mixed feelings about the Fullerton. The big plus are the location in the heart of Singapore with the financial district and the bars and restaurants around SIngapore River on your doorstep. On the outside the building is just stunning.Inside, however, I just found a standard business traveller hotel that tries to be more than it actually is. I prefer staff and service to be in the background, almost invisible, but there straight away when you need it. At the Fullerton I got almost angry from being constantly confronted and asked if there's anything they can do / I need. During the 2 days I heard my name at least 40 times. This is too in your face. The rooms and quality of food are nice, but not more than good average in this category.For that, the hotel is a bit too pricey.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>RE-VeeL
<Content>Full Marks to the Fullerton! What a star!       Mosy delectable danish if have ever tasted!  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Targetsea
<Content>Disappointing : great service cannot compensate for cramped rooms Soft side of this hotel is very good. Service excellent everywhere - from the front desk through the restaurants to housekeeping to the concierge and doormen. Really very good. And its position on the Marina is pleasant - bit downtowny, but really OK.The hardware - the room - is just nowhere near where you should be if you are aspiring to five stars and charging SD 410 ++.Our room was tiny with the bed taking up 80% of it. If there are two of you in the rooom, one is going to have to be on the bed. You expect this in older Japanese hotels, but not anywhere else at these rates. Other hotels in Singapore are more spacious and cheaper.As others here have commented, the mattress is hard. If you like hard, fine. Personally I could not sleep. Not helped by airconditioning that struggles to keep up with demand. So warm and humid nights spent on an uncomfortable bed. Bathroom is better - about the same size as the room? Has most of what you would expect, but materials and finish just not first class. Furniture in the room getting worn as well. Nice large cups for making tea or coffee. But the hotel information books bound in leather had swollen into the wooden slots in their drawer and could not be pulled out.Interior atrium public space is generous. Elsewhere the design of the building means the swimming pool and coffee terrace are squashed in between the hotel and the sidewalk.I was trying the Fullerton to see if it could improve on my usual Singapore hotel. Won't be going back. However good the service (and it is very good) it can't make up for the lack of comfort in the rooms.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	5	2	

<Author>eumundi
<Content>Fantastic- make sure you stay there This is our regular stay over hotel in Singapore. The standards seem to improve on each occassion, if that were possible. The staff are trained to the highest level and the service is world standard Such superb value for money.Breakfast s are superb although we tend to eat dinner out at Singapore wonderful selection of restaurants.A must stay hotel if the wallet allows.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>intreped
<Content>Great location, beautiful lobby We stayed at the Fullerton for 5 nights on vacation. Booked the Easter Special, which was still about $350 per night with taxes, so not cheap. The room was a tad cramped but otherwise very nice. The bed was very firm, which I prefer, but if you like a pillowtop mattress it may be too hard. The bathroom was extremely nice. Try to book a room with a river view, which is much nicer than the sea view which looks over the highway at the harbor, and directly across you see the forest of cranes building the new casino. Also, try to book a high floor. The breakfast buffet, which was included, was extremely nice, with tables outside on the riverfront. The pool and health club are also very nice. I especially appreciated the pool because it is good for lap swimming (25 meters). My wife I would get there at 6am (before sunrise) and have the whole pool to ourselves, which was heaven. Don't have the hotel arrange a pick-up at the airport. It costs about 4x as much as a taxi and we had to wait 20 minutes for the driver to show up (after phoning the hotel), who then complained that we were late. The location is ideal, just a short walk along the river to the Raffles subway stop, and you can walk to lots of great places from the hotel. Overall I would recommend it, especially if you can get a good deal.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>NGarrity
<Content>Elegant  The Fullerton has real class. Stand out features are the building itself (including the rooms and facilities) and the staff who are the epitomy of professionalism.This is the only hotel Singapore hotel I've stayed in, so don't have a local benchmark, but this hotel is one of the best I've ever stayed in.The location is ideal for access to the city's financial area, but the riverside location also makes this a great place to stay if you're not travelling on business.I didn't eat much in the hotel, but my limited experience was unexceptional.The pool is fantastic.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CHabroad
<Content>Great Location Was in Singapore in Feb on business and my usual hotel was full so I booked into the Fullerton....and I'm very glad I did. The check in was swift and professtional and the lobby of the hotel was very grand, clean, well laid out etc. I went to my room (which I think was 210) and wow! what a view. The room was lovely, very comfortable bed with all the other amenities you would expect from a 5 star hotel. I opened the double doors to the balcony and it was just above the front entrance of the hotel over looking boat quay. It really was stunning. Only downfall was that it was shared and the coulple next door didn't really respect that (I won't go into more detail!). Anyway, the location was great and as I was only in Singapore one night it was a great base to do some exploring and take in some lovely sights.I drank in the bar downstairs, great service and great drinks. I didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment..but I'd be confident that if you booked this hotel you'd love it.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Charmainee
<Content>Excellent 5stars hotel! A truly luxurious and elegant hotel.       Pan Seared Fillet of Altantic Cod  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>01ofvisadventures
<Content>The Reviews Here Are Well Deserved!       Cozy Bed  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sakuraii
<Content>Excellent but dissapointed at the hotel food       Bed  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TorG
<Content>Excellent Location, Luxurious Hotel Selected the Fullerton for a two day stay in Singapore based largely on the location near Chinatown and the river and was pleasantly surprised at how beautiful the exterior of the building is and the quality of the rooms. The lobby and rooms rate favorably with any Four Seasons, Ritz-Carlton, etc. that I have stayed at and the pool overlooking the river and Boat Quay is a great antidote to Singapore's heat and humidity (it would be nice if they had a bar by the pool, but they will deliver you anything you want).While Raffles has a bit more historical charm, and is also a beautiful hotel, I'm glad we selected the Fullerton. The distance between the hotel is easily covered, so even if you're primarily interested in the Orchard Road scene the Fullerton would be a good pick. Definitely eat at the Fullerton brunch whether or not you stay at the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HardieBoys
<Content>Luxury hotel in landmark building       Room view  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>allergymom
<Content>Very comfortable luxury Stayed at the Fullerton with my husband and 6-year old while I was in Singapore for a conference. We stayed in a _huge_ room on the 8th floor--plenty of room for my son's free rollaway, could have easily held another. The bed was very comfortable, and the room was incredibly quiet. The bathroom was also spacious and had a tub and a separate shower with a rainshower fixture; the toilet was in a separate connected room. The walk-in closet/dressing room allowed me to get dressed for my conference while the guys slept. (Our room was very clean, unlike one of the other reviewer's.) We all loved the breakfast buffet, included with our room--a huge spread that included many Asian, American and continental favorites. The pool was great for my husband and son; it never seemed to have many people in it. Everyone else's posted photos do the place justice.The hotel is in a very convenient location--a short walk from the Raffles Place MRT station, not much farther to the edge of Chinatown. Easy commute for me to my meeting and for my family to tour Singapore. Staff were all very pleasant and helpful. Just wish that internet was provided free, and that all the service charges and taxes that are tacked on to the room rate were quoted up front.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Serge29
<Content>The Fullerton Hotel My wife  I stayed 3 days [4th-6th Jan '08] We were met by a limo on arrival  taken to the reception area. An upgrade [room 477] provided us with a spacious well-appointed room with a spacious bathroom, with separate shower and separate toilet.A wide-screen TV was present. A bedside remote control operated the lights, curtains, clock  alarm.The executive lounge whilst present, was a poor second to that at the Mandarin Oriental. The staff there were pleasant but the service was erratic - they were often absent from their station.The main restaurant, serving modern Italian cuisine was well worth a visit. The pool, on the 2nd floor was also pleasant. The check-out, was better handled, by dedicated staff on the 4th floor, avoiding the necessity to go to the main area on the ground floor.The concierge was very helpful.The Fullerton i a good location for those wishing easy access to the Singapore River Quays for dining, but is not convenient to the Orchard Rd shopping malls.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel-Fairies
<Content>Beautiful Hotel Absolutely beautiful hotel, such a beautiful building from the outsideand such a grand foyer with marble columns and fresh flowers everywhere.The staff and their service in this hotel is outstanding.We stayed three nights here in one of their deluxe rooms 鈥?very spacious with a lovely balcony area overlooking Boat Quay.The only time we ate in the hotel was breakfast (as there are so many restaurants to choose from outside the hotel 鈥?between Boat Quay and Clarke Quay alone 鈥?you will not go hungry) 鈥?but their breakfasts were gorgeous.We would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stephaniemeyer78
<Content>Great stopover We stopped over in Singapore on our way to Bali and decieded to stay at the Fullerton for our second time in 2 years.What we love about the hotel is the it is such are great contrast to what ever else is going on around it in such an elegant way.Everything from the bathroom amenities to the service is fantastic and we both defintaly love this hotel and cannot recommend it enough.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Wereldreizigster
<Content>Nice hotel in a good location The Fullerton is a good hotel with nice rooms, this time we received an upgrade and the room was really big, and clean.The bed was big and full with nice pillows..Roomservice meals are good and breakfast is sumptious!The fruitsalade was wonderful!The pool is great!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RINSO84
<Content>fantastic hotel We stayed for three nights. The hotel has a most fantastic location. All the staff we met was all super and friendly and we had a fantastic room looking out onto the Singapore River/Boat Quay. We had emailed months ahead that one of us needed a gluten free diet and at check in reception confirmed that all was in hand, within 5 minutes of arriving in room we had a phone call from restaurant checking on gluten free diet. from then on the restaurant was fantastic catering for gluten free, dishes cooked specially and bread turning up just after you had given your room number.We had two superb dinners in the restaurant, it was great. Any problems, none except the quality of the service and hotel standard means we want to go back again soon!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlexanderJames
<Content>Not coming back for sure! dirty bathoom and a customer service class badly required for all front desk service staff. stayed at the historical hotel in late september. the rooms were dirty and had fungus-like stains in the bathroom. seek housekeeping's assistance to remove the stains but it was not done. called for assistance again at the front desk after dinner at the town restaurant. they did not even look interested to help. the heritage building is nice but to bear with the dirty bathroom and poor service staff is a no no.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>marilees
<Content>Just magnificent This hotel was absolutely stunning. It was clean and the staff were ultra efficient. It was magnificent. The price you pay is worth every cent. If you have the money you should definitely stay here. It was beautiful and had everything you would need.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>glendajliu
<Content>Working girls storming the hotel i booked a room at the ritz-carlton as it was recommended by the international bar association for the conference in singapore. since i had to fly in early and my booking was only for the 14 oct onwards, i decided to try out the fullerton hotel. i remember reading it from the conde nast traveler magazine last year that the fullerton is the best hotel in asia but now i really wonder if they still deserve to be the best in asia. arriving in singapore on the 11 oct, i spent the weekend at the fullerton. on friday night, i returned to the hotel after a late dinner at boat quay and was surprised to see working girls going up the elevator with me. apparently there was no card access system in the elevators and almost everyone can go up onto the rooms. the girls in the same elevator with me was going to the room next to mine. it was really embarassing as the japanese gentleman actually mistaken me as one of them. i had to walk quickly to my room to keep the distance. i really dont understand how the fullerton could be number one when they cant even protect their guest with something so basic as a card access system. i'm an advocate in new york and have traveled far and wide but i have never seen a luxury hotel without a card access system. when i approached the front office the next morning asking to speak to someone about my problem, i had to wait for a good 10 minutes before a lady front office manager attended to me. the wait was already bad enough, the cigarette smell was even harder to bear. she was smelling as if she just came out of a smoke chamber. she couldnt explain to me why there was no card access system. i couldnt take a no for an answer and i approach the duty manager later in the morning. the manager by the name of dushanthan explained that there was a system but it was disabled by the management without giving a decent reason. this is totally unexceptable and i would never stay at the fullerton again. thank God, I am booked for the ritz-carlton for the duration of the conference. otherwise i dont know how i am going to sleep in peace for the next few days.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>frednuff
<Content>Quality hotel I have previously stayed at the Hyatt and Ritz in Singapore and the Fulerton is a quality hotel. I have no problems to report (even with the reportedly cold reception). Food is good (room service fairly quick), pool has a nice setting, service is typically Singapore, location is great for meetings at the CBD banks. Of the 3, the Hyatt on Scoots Rd is my favourite but the Fullerton is a good alternative.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>charliebroucher
<Content>Could have been better... I was told the hotel was the number 1 in all of asia but was shocked to find out that all these was far from number 1. I arrived on an evening flight after a long time on the plane from london to be greeted by lazy bellman and cold receptionist. It was a totally blown off experience. The bellman was not carrying my bags properly and my toiletries came falling out of my bag. The receptionist was terrible. Didnt even looked at me while handling my check-in formalities. During the stay, I asked for directions to the train station as I was rather interested to find out more about singapore's underground system. I approach this tall duty manager who had an english name but looked indian to me. He wasnt very helpful and brushed me off as he was busy on his cell before handing me over to a malay girl who's english i couldnt understand. Luckily there was this staff who could help me and he showed me the way to the train station. As i was pretty much disturbed, I did not take down the gentleman's name. It was later upon my return to the hotel in the evening that I realized he was a security staff. as told by the concierge that the security staff wore grey. I am grateful to that staff who helped me out of that situation. If it was not for him, I would not even think of visiting the fullerton. Front office services were really bad but at least there were other staff who showed that they care. Hope that I would not have to face the same cold services again on my next trip.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	1	3	3	

<Author>fabholslover
<Content>Fabulous Fullerton! Had a great stay at the Fullerton. Its a beautiful hotel from the outside  has a very impressive lobbey area. Looking around Singapore we felt that we had made the right choice as it felt very 'special' in relation to the other, somewhat 'impersonal' , more modern 5 star hotels. Have to disagree with people who thought the reception staff were 'cold' we found everyone very friendly (especially the club staff - they really couldn't do enough for us).We had a 'Palladian suite' which was very nicely furnished with a spacious, well stocked bathroom. Everything was clean, bright  of high quality. My husband especially liked the coffee machine and the huge range of coffees which came with it  my daughter loved the comlimentary box of chocolates!!! Club lounge was a bit lacking in atmosphere as mainly used by business men but what can you expect in a city?! (however, canapes very good as was the champagne!)All in all a great hotel in a fabulous location - would certainly stay there again.(By the way we were not that impressed by Raffles when we visited - preferred the Fullerton)  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FilouSG
<Content>Good room, bad reception I really liked the call center of the hotel, they were lovely. When I arrived, it was a rather cold welcome. Check in like in the supermarket. I was disappointed like the guy from KL and I understand what he meant. The room they gave me was good unlike his, I had a wonderful view, but I had asked for it. Maybe if you tell them, they give it to you. I loved to stay in the room, big bathroom, excellent room service, fast internet. Nothing to complain about. But the reception, they need to fix that. I don't understand how you can have an excellent call center and a reception that mechanical.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>SoutheastAsiaSusan
<Content>Great location for business, but face lift needed We stayed two nights at the Fullerton Hotel on 13-15 August. As this was a business trip, we found many of our clients' offices within walking distance from the Fullerton, which used to be the Singapore's old post office. The HSBC headquarters is just across the street and the Raffles Place MRT stop is within a 5-minute walking distance. We like the colonial look of the hotel and the lobby is nice, and there are plenty of restaurants near by although none which stands out in terms of good food. In fact, the only good restaurant, which I would highly recommend, within the vicinity is Jade, which is a Chinese-fusion restaurant located in the hotel itself. For the price you pay, the coffee shop food is undoubtedly below average - the only thing I would re-order is the cheese cake, which I thought was very good.While I got the waterfront view (room 789), when I looked out, I saw ugly wiring and dated balcony, which was also very small and uninviting - so I didn't even bother going outside. So definitely this was not worth the extra money (SGD30/ night) I was charged through my corporate rate (SGD280/ night++). The room was small by Asian standards, considering the price as well. Additionally, it's the only hotel in its class that still does not have LCD/ plasma TVs.I like the guest policy of the hotel which allows friends/ guests to come up to your room without questions asked.The best part about the hotel is the edgeless pool which overlooks the river. Overall, I would stay there again just because of the location.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Princess_Denise
<Content>Excellent Location....shame about the 'working girls' This was my second visit to the Fullerton. I have tried a number of hotels in Singapore for business and the Ritz is still my favourite. The Fullerton is lovely but as a business woman I was completely put off by the 'working women' in the Post Bar. I stayed at the Fullerton for 7 nights and had post-dinner drinks in the Post Bar on at least 3 occasions. Each time there were 'professionals' sitting at the bar. It wasn't too obvious, and they certainly didn't prey on any of the guests. But for someone who has travelled around the world and lived in Asia for numerous years, I can spot them as quickly as any man. On one occasion, my colleagues and I watched as a single man worked his way around the bar until he could find one that agreed to his offer. The hotel staff knows about the situation but turn a blind eye. If you like a bit extra with your martini and peanuts, then stay here. As for myself, I am trying the Shangri La on my next visit.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	-1	4	4	

<Author>SydneyKeen_Traveller
<Content>Good Hotel Needing Upgrade Spent 2 nights at the Fullerton in mid July for business. Have normally stayed at the Oriental or Raffles Plaza hotel (although have also stayed at Pan Pacific and Mandarin in the past) but company's travel agent managed to get a better corporate rate at the Fullerton.Pluses:- good location for business as walking distance to major corporate offices- beautiful public areas: renovated heritage building; bar serves good selection of wines by the glass and endless nibbles- good, substantial but expensive breakfast spread (breakfast spread is more interesting and of better quality than Raffles Plaza and Oriental)- efficient staff (but like most Singapore hotels, cold compared to staff in 5 star Bangkok hotels)- good huge bathroom with separate shower (although toiletires could be improved)Negatives- need to take taxi to get to shopping areas; nearest attraction is Boat Quay which is overly touristy and not good value for food- not walking distance to MRT station (which on a hot day and at peak taxi periods is a bit annoying)- rooms are small and showing age: was given a courtyard facing room (which was rather claustrophobic); room interior design is bland international, corporate; TV is small and old CRT (sound system into bathroom was not working); no DVD or CDsOverall, would stay in the hotel again for business due to location and ability to get competitive corporate rates.However, for a 5 star leisure trip, would stay at another hotel as the Fullerton hotel rooms are rather disappointing. Would still recommend visitors to come into the hotel and have a drink in the lobby / public areas.To date the Oriental Hotel is overall the best hotel for me to stay in Singapore although the best rooms to date are the refurbished rooms at the Raffles Plaza (ask for the ones facing the Raffles Hotel).  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Finlo
<Content>Super pool, average breakfast I spent three nights at the Fullerton on business, having had it recommended by many other people at work. It's certainly an imposing building, with efficient porters at the taxi drop off, and a grand atrium. Check in was well handled and I was escorted to the most convenient set of lifts for my room. It seems a hike depending on where you are - it's a deceptively large floor area! The room was a good size, lovely bathroom with a good range of toiletries, tons of storage and my personal favourite, good lighting. For once I took advantage of the pillow menu to get something with a bit of body - swiftly delivered, though they never took any away so the bed ended up 50% pillow.The pool's great, with a good view out towards the Merlion Park.Restaurants - the international buffet was pretty miserable, and I wasn't greatly impressed with the quality of the breakfast buffet, though it has to be said there was plenty of choice. Coffee was appalling. There was a good range of fruit juices available; the standard orange but some unusual blends of freshly squeezed as well. The buffet restaurant is split level - you need to balance carefully with a laden plate on your way back to the table if you've ventured up to the upper level.The Chinese restaurant was pleasant enough, but I felt decidedly unwanted as a lone female diner.Transport - a couple of minutes walk to the entrance to the Raffles Place MRT along Boat Quay. You may actually be able to get there underground, but never quite worked it out.The taxi point gets VERY busy in the evening - if you have an evening flight and the hotel's held your luggage, you'd be wise to get them to book your car as you check out.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelagentkids
<Content>Style at Fullerton We have just returned from our five day stay at the Fullerton,the hotel is extremely stylish.As I am a travel agent we were greated with a fab upgrade to a suite.Even though this is a five star proberty the prices within the hotel are very reasonable.We were travelling with our children and the babysitting was very reasonable also.I must agree with some of the reviews with out being to over the top the breakfast is not the best we have had but good all the same.The location of the hotel is also great overall I would recommend this hotel be careful when you read some reviews as some people can be very painful take a look at the star rating from a travel agent brouchure rather than the internet in making your decision on all hotels.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mkabell
<Content>Wish all hotels were like this... Perfect and excellent!Stayed on the Club floor with access to the special lounge, and not a finger can be placed anywhere. Breakfasts had an extremely high standard with anything you could wish for right at your fingertip 鈥?and what wasn鈥檛 they prepared for us in a moment. The afternoon canap茅s and drinks were a meal in itself 鈥?all delicacies! I cannot recommend this hotel high enough; without a doubt it is the best hotel I have ever stayed on. Even the 鈥渟tandard鈥?solutions are high class, so if you want to splurge: this is the place! Location is great for the river area and the concert and exhibition halls, but a little far from serious shopping. But with this luxury: who cares for a ten minute subway ride?  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aliciacch
<Content>Fantastic, unique and intimate       suite, bedroom upstairs  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snwong4848
<Content>So very so so... Stayed there last in 2003 for 5 nights and remembered that I left impressed. However this time, the hotel is starting to show its age. The check-in was cool  to say the least. No one showed me to my room or helped me with my bag. Admitedly, I only had a small bag but perhaps I would have like to been offered a choice. The room looks really tired and since I had the courtyard room, there was no view to talk off. In fact the room was on the small side and if I remember correctly, looked exactly the same 4 years ago. Having paid quite a lot for the room, I was also surprised that they have not upgraded the TV to a plasma/LCD. I also could not figure out the odd looking shelfing in the room with 3 ugly jugs and a wierd looking photo. It really looked out of place in the room. However the major plus of the place were the wonderful housekeepers, the room service waiters and the conceirage.But would I go back? No, when for the same money I can stay in the Hyatt or Fourseasons or Ritz carlton.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>francegogo
<Content>We love it very much We stayed there for 3 nights.A tremendous suite is very clean, a bath tub and a shower with 2 big mirrors, we enjoy it much , and also spend there for the 4 days all the time.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Designer2001
<Content>Wonderful Stay at The Fullerton       Quay Room  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rushman2112
<Content>Great hotel, great service We live in Singapore and use the FB outlets here quite often but had never stayed here. Then last week we moved apartments and needed an overnight stay and so we decided to give it a try.Excellent hotel, first class service, staff are polite without being pushy, and whoever did the renovation of this magnificent building deserves great acclaim.One night was too short to fully appreciate its charms and we are considering a weekend urban retreat very soon!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>doggieluver
<Content>Still needs to be improved I stayed here four years ago and did not have a good experience. I recently stayed here again because all my favorite hotel in Singapore--the Ritz Carlton--was fully booked. The outside of the hotel looks very nice and so does the pool. Yet, the service really is way below average. The rooms are very small too. I think the front desk staff, the housekeeping staff, and the business center staff all need to go back to hotel training school and re-learn basics. Beware that a lot of rooms do not have an outside view--the windows open to the lobby! I don't know how the Fullerton can claim to be a 6* hotel.I heard from busines colleagues that, since its grand opening, the Fullerton has struggled to compete with the Ritz, the Four Seasons and Raffles Hotel. Yet, it is still not preferred by most business customers. I now fully understand why.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>maddog2000
<Content>Perfect City Hotel The Fullerton was exactly what it promised: A very good city hotel. It is definitely not a boutique hotel, but it still has an edge on design. Rooms are very comfortable and relatively large (when compared with other city hotels). Location is excellent 鈥?you can reach the business district and the nightlife by foot or taxi within minutes.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Gumboots
<Content>Fantastic hotel What can I say, I think this is the best place to stay in Singapore! For location you simply cannot beat it. The most scenic areas of Singapore are at your doorstep, for lovely late evening jet-lagged walks, or for swims with views of the skyscrapers looming above you in the eternity pool. I was surprised to see other reviewers say that the service was not up to scratch - for this was the area that particularly stood out about the Fullerton. We stayed there for a week, and consistently found the staff extremely helpful and charming. The doormen were particularly friendly, always with a ready smile to welcome you back at the end of the day, it started to feel like home! The impression I got is that the management have really got things right, because the place ran like a well oiled machine - super efficient, yet still managing to be friendly and welcoming. Check-in and check-out was seamless. Concierge and restaurant staff likewise were always on the ball. The exterior of the building is far more interesting, attractive and historic than many of the other hotels in this category, possibly only with Raffles to compete on this score. But I would still give the Fullerton the edge, as it is a real landmark.The interior of the building is lovely. The flowers were always interesting, beautiful displays. I loved the tall pillars of the atrium, and particularly enjoyed watching the fish in the Atrium pool. The rooms werea good size, very comfortable, absolutely no complaints. The bathrooms were spacious and with great attention to detail in the design. Being a courtyard room, it wasn't the sunniest or brightest, but this was clear from the start.There are lots of interesting places to visit in walking distance, lest you be put off by the fact that it is in the city centre - it is by no means geared only towards business travellers. For dinner I particularly enjoyed the 'hawker stalls' next to the Esplanade theatre. The shop houses are nearby, boat cruises, and for everything else you can just pop into a convenient and cheap taxi! We had the Seafood buffet at the hotel and found it to be excellent. The Fullerton gets 10 out of 10 from me. I would not hesitate to recommend it. It was an absolute pleasure to stay there.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MiltonMiami
<Content>Not as great as it us to be Have stayed few times at the Fullerton for the past 4 years and overall experience has been disappointing during last 2 visits (end 2006  early 2007). Won't recommend this establishment anymore, eventhough the building and location is unique. Accomodation was just fine. But definitely a drop in service  food quality (restaurant + breakfast!). No real effort made on that side compared to other hotel in Singapore which have now renovated their main restaurant. Even the famous Post Bar is not as great as it used to be.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	2	1	2	

<Author>Livingoutofasuitcase
<Content>Best for Singapore City Centre Worldwide traveller, critical of top hotels and their service. I have stayed in this hotel, both on my own, with my wife and with my extended family of 8, ages from 7-80, for several years now! To date, in 2007 alone I have spent around 30 nights here. One is spoilt in Asia when it comes to service however as a return guest one feels the service offered and the friendliness is real. This hotel has great staff, a clear reflection of good management and it wins top spot in Singapore year on year. Rooms are large - request Quay side rooms - views are more interesting. Great choice of restaurants although both the Chinese (one of Sing. best) and the Italian are freezing! Afternoon tea is superb with live music. This hotel has a lot of WOW factor, great location for CBD/Raffles Place and grandeur. Raffles Hotel may be unique but its no longer what it is. You wont be disappointed at Fullerton eventhough they are lacking in small little details (no turndown choc's).  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dbasha
<Content>could be much better I stayed 1 night at the Fullerton recently, filled with anticipation based on various reviews and photos that I had seen. However, I was in for a disappointment. While the public areas of the hotel were beautiful, and the room and bathroom were large and impressive, the hotel is let down by the average service levels of its employees. The hotel's employees seem to have forgotten that the hotel's past reputation alone cannot sustain its future, parrticularly in a country filled with hotels known for their excellent service. One glaring example was when I checked in and was wrongly given a smoking floor room. I then pointed out the error and asked whether it would be possible to be placed on the same non-smoking floor as my colleague who had checked in seconds before me. However, I was given a room on another floor without an explanation or even a response to my request. I had to actually ask whether all the other rooms on my colleague's floor were full, to which I received a curt nod. Incidentally, when my colleague went up to her designated room, to her shock it was already occupied by someone else - definitely not the kind of mistake you would expect of a top notch hotel. The other staff I encountered were generally pleasant but not particularly warm, making their pleasantness seem rather artificial. I must however single out Tania at the concierge's desk, who was genuinely warm and truly helpful - she stood out a mile from her colleagues. The other thing I should note is that the breakfast buffet was disappointing in terms of the variety of food available. Having stayed at the Intercontinental late last year and experienced their superb breakfast, I can safely say that the Fullerton's spread is sadly lacking in many respects. Overall, given the high rates that the Fullerton charges, I think they should make a concerted effort to ensure that their service levels improve.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>barolobrain
<Content>A very pleasant stay December in Shanghai is not a great experience so with the office closing for the week between Christmas and January 1st, we decided to go to Singapore.I liked the location of the Fullerton the best out of all the better hotels in town, close enough to Boat and Clarke Quays and Raffles Landing, and nearby the junction of two Metro Lines. Check in was painless and the room was as requested with a balcony and view of the river. Unless you're a hard core shopper who must be right on top of Orchard Road, the location's good. The other cluster is where the Ritz-Carlton,Oriental, Pan Pacific and Marina Mandarin are located, all nearby to Raffles. I did check out Raffles during out stay, nice for historic reasons but the rooms are a bit dark for my tastes.We ate breakfast everyday at the hotel. The buffet's very good but not the best I've ever had. As always, the egg/omlet man was either a feast or famine situation. One day, perhaps Christmas day, they moved the breakfast to a function room in the basement. It was not a good situation and being only two, asked us to share a table or wait forever. If not raining and not in the basement, one can also eat outdoors which is quite pleasant.Other than breakfast, we did not eat at the hotel. The hotel bar is quite nice and further, they make excellent drinks. Well mixed with generous pours. Hotel itself, like many places in Singapore, is non-smoking except for the bar and perhaps some designated guest rooms.Rooms have broadband connectivity and mini-bars. One odd thing was that the AC, needed for the high humidity, would power down along with the lights when you took your room key out of the power slot by the door. I found this rather perplexing given the local conditions.Staff were very helpful in sorting out anything. Whether it was directions, finding a restaurant or tourist destination, getting transport, etc., they were efficient.I rate this hotel highly for its location. The physical facility and staff are also first rate. Here's the downside: They need to sort out the A/C power being connected to the room's mains switch. They also need to 1) refurbish the main eating room where breakfast is served and 2) spruce up the breakfast offerings and also make the buffet itself more attractive and user friendly.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Woodai
<Content>Good but not the best I stayed at the Fullerton for 2 nights on a business trip. I live in HK and have stayed in many 5 star hotels in Asia. I must admit the Fullerton was 5 star but not the best 5 star hotel I have stayed at.There were very few travel amenities in the room. They had the usual shampoo/conditioner/shower gel/moisturizer/sewing kit/etc. but no welcome fruit, no good night chocolate or note, no other freebies.I guess I was disappointed because they placed literature on your desk on how they're one of the best hotels in Asia but I didn't feel like they went out of their way to make themselves the best. The breakfast buffet was good but again, nowhere near the best.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CSFSHY
<Content>Not up to Expectation We stayed in several hotels in Singapore throughout the year it's the first time we stayed in Fullerton. Because of it's location, we chose this hotel as we wanted to be close to the countdown where the fireworks will be when the clock strike 12 on 31 Dec midnight. Our arrival onto the hotel was a disappointment, the porters were nowhere in sight. The taxi driver and my partner brought down the luggage from the boot whereas I went around looking for porters. Finally, found them at their desk behind the pillar. 1st dissappointment.The check-in was just like another regular procedure, there was no welcoming message from the front desk. It was like just another routine check-in for her.We booked an Atrium 'Sun-lit' room due all other rooms are fully booked. The room decor was alright, nothing fanstastic. The so-called sunlit room was not lighted up by the sun at all. It was dark in the room throughout the day unless we turned on the lights. Worst was that I found a cockroach in the bathroom on the 2nd day. Luckily, it was very still on the wall, if it flew around the bathroom, I would have fainted! Called the housekeeper and got rid of the cockroach.Talking about the bathroom, the quality of the towels given were lousy, they weren't thick nor gave you a luxurious feeling.We stayed in several hotels in Singapore before, I must say the really impressive one is Ritz Carlton, you should have compared the bathroom amenities between the two hotels. Talking about service, Fullerton is nowhere comparable as well. Our check-out was just another standard check-out procedure. There was no 'do visit us again' message.Overall, we feel that staying in Fullerton, you do not really feel welcome, you don't feel warmth at all. Personally, I think this hotel is over-rated. The cockroach incident was really an 'exceptional experience' we have in a 5-stars hotel!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>SAHNO_OLGA
<Content>Perfect!!! This hotel is really SUPER, faultless service, comfortable, ...one of the best hotels in Asia!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>.-.-.
<Content>Looks good but cuts corners. This was the third hotel I stayed at during a trip to Singapore. The Fullerton building is beautiful and the location is convenient when working in the business district. The front desk, restaurant and bell service was helpful and efficient. The room service left a lot to be desired. They once delivered someone else's food. I was disappointed with everything I tried except the sushi and the great bloody marys. The hotel rooms were nice but you could see where they cut costs. Cheap soaps, the sheets could have been nicer and the odd configuration of the rooms is annoying. The desks where not very comfortable for working. The two rooms I stayed were hard to navigate. Furniture was and fixtures where in strange juxtaposition. I kept finding myself bumping into things.Make sure you do not get the cheapest rooms. They either look over the atrium, which is fine if you have an aversion to natural light, or they're tiny. The Grand Hyatt (club level) had the best room. Great layout with a closet that opened to both a large bathroom and the main room. The desk area was comfortable, ergonomic and even had a desk plate with AV hookups for VGA, S-Video  RCA to the 40in plasma and room sound system. The Four Seasons had excellent service, great food (much better than the Fullerton) and nice spacious rooms. The bathrooms were very large. The price was also right, less than 2/3 the price of the other hotels. I wish I would have stayed here for the entire trip.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>Caroline1043
<Content>Excellent Hotel Experience I stayed in 3 Singapore hotels in the space of a week this December and the Fullerton wiped the floor with the competition.The location is ideal, near the MRT, which is in turn only 10 minutes from Orchard Road and also a short stroll from Boat Quay for dinner and nightlife.I would also recommend the restaurant for having a good mix of cuisines, although the wine list is pretty expensive.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>closetconundrums
<Content>Fabulous place to stay.       Fullerton - View from the top floor  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Shant
<Content>Superb I stayed at The Fullerton with my wife and 3 year old son on a three night stay in Singapore in October. The arrival was perfect; all of the staff were excellent and attentive, however, I had booked a room with either a sea or river view; we received a room with no view, except that of the pillar at the side of the hotel, however, to their credit, they swiftly changed our room and apologised unreservedly.I was impressed with the way in which reasonable (though a little small) sized rooms have been carved in to a historic building. The rooms provided everything you needed for a relaxing stay. You get exactly what you see on the website. I would not say the rooms provided anything exceptional for a five star hotel, but I have no complaints in any way at all.The staff were absolutely excellent. My wife, son and I accidentally stayed on in the pool one night, about 20 minutes beyond it's closing time. Rather than disturbing us or informing us of his presence, the staff member remained indoors, in a location where we could not see him, and he waited to lock up until we had left. The business centre staff went the extra mile to find the difficult services that I needed. They also arranged for a scientific poster to be printed for me within 20 minutes. The deli/cafe staff are excellent too, and made up some special food for my son. The concierge is wonderful and mapped out a host of things for us to see, do and eat. However, the restaurant staff are a little hit and miss; some were excellent, some were rude; also, we booked a room with champagne breakfast included, and there was no champagne at breakfast (not that we would have had champagne at breakfast).The location is excellent. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the metro, cabs are easy to get, and the walk along the river is fantastic in the evening. The pool is amazing. It's not huge, grand or exceptional in any particular way, however, you will be awestruck when swimming in it at night. Looking out whilst swimming, you have an amazing view of the city and the beautiful river walkway. You become awestruck and just remain at the side of the pool once you notice this. This may not sound impressive, but you must experience it; and if not for anything else, stay at The Fullerton for this alone.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrAK
<Content>Amazing stay at the Fullerton       The Lobby  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>misstripreviewer
<Content>Great location, perfect service Stayed at The Fullerton whilst in Singapore in a multi-centre trip. The service was impeccable, from the initial meeting directly from the plane on arrival to our equally attentive send off. We were greeted everywhere by name and had personal check-in in the room . Made us feel valued and very comfortable. There was no pomposity, just friendly attentive service. Our quay view room was perfect and the small balcony allowed us to enjoy the view. The pool is beautiful although the sun deck is quite limited and might get crowded on sunny days. We managed to get breakfast included in our rate which was very beneficial as it's pretty expensive but excellent. We didn't have dinner in the hotel but did have cocktails in the bar - busy and lively in early evening. I do recommend the hawker's markets for eating, Glutton's Market is just across the bridge near the theatres. The food is good, lots of choice and very cheap. Good place to people watch and get closer to the real Singapore. Boat Quay is good for casual eating whilst Clarke Quay is a bit more pricy and bit more hip. Only downside was that we were there during the haze which is caused by the fires in Sumatra so we didn't see the sun.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>padmall
<Content>totally professional I stayed here on a business trip for 5 nights. I cannot fault it. A great location for business, and leisure traveller alike. An amazing atrium /reception area, good rooms and a great pool and gym area. The staff were helpful as one would expect.I can recommend particulary the Indo-Chine restaurant on the opposite side of the river, and the jogging path from the hotel toward the airport along the shore to work off the stress of the day.All in all, worth the money.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>perthwa
<Content>We came back We stayed at the Fullerton for 5 nights in May and fell in love with the Fullerton., we came back for another 5 nights last week! On our arrival they were extremely happy that we had come back to the Fullerton, yes it is expensive, we booked for 5 nights, were upgraded to a quay room overlooking the river and the pool. MTR is situated in Raffles Place which is literally around the corner, when we come to Singapore which we do quite oftern, we always use the MTR for getting around, its cheap, extremely safe and clean. Getting back to the Fullerton, this is our preferred hotel in Singapore, the staff are extremely helpful and friendly, one even remembered seeing us on the MTR the day before!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wykx
<Content>What an outside pool and a view on the river !       Bath  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ANON5000
<Content>Great Hotel ! My wife and I stayed her as part of our Honeymoon tour of the Far East. We had a fantastic three days; the hotel itself if very opulent and sophisticated, the service is excellent and we were really looked after. Our original room was quite small as was a corner room with a reduced floor plan but after asking we were upgraded to a Heritage room overlooking the pool which was wonderful.Singapore was a great city to spend a few days and lots to do, hotel is well positioned to tour the city and sits in a very grand position overlooking the river and out to sea.Would definitely stay there again .  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Geobug
<Content>First Class Hotel       Fullerton by night across the river  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rex_edmund
<Content>Great Place! Excellent views and great facilites. They also have a great restaurant. Bathrooms are huge and the bed is exceedingly comfortable. Great Service from the staff too. Higly recomended. The only draw back is that its a bit far from most places as it is close to the central business district in Singapore. Overall a Great Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beijau
<Content>Solid but not superlative for business travelers I have spent two months out of this year at the Fullerton. I have marvelled at the architecture, savored the food, and on every stay, I have lamented the mis-cues. If you are visiting Singapore from outside of Asia and looking for a centrally located and aesthetically pleasing experience, you will probably enjoy the Fullerton. Business travelers may find some nits to pick, but on no account will they feel uncomfortable or unloved.In a part of the world where the market for five star hotels is highly competitive, I feel that the Fullerton tries hard but not quite hard enough. To be sure, the rooms are clean and comfortable. The staff are competent, with the odd exception of the wait staff at Town restaurant. Housekeeping in particular does a great job. Transportation is efficiently arranged, and the concierges know their art. What doesn't work as nicely are the touches that frequent travelers expect to reduce the hassle of living away from home.Retro-fitting a historic building for modern purposes is challenging, and management cut corners here. The room decor was clearly done on the cheap. Trying to find a free plug for both your computer and mobile phone requires a few minutes of hunting on bent knees. Almost every room I have stayed in required the attention of housekeeping to make the electric outlet in the bathroom charge my razor. Want to play a DVD and wind down? Better call housekeeping for a player; unlike many top hotels, there isn't one in your room when you arrive. Nor will you find the complimentary broadband that, if nothing else, saves clicking through four annoying windows every 24 hours in order to re-activate the service. And the service itself is slower than what I enjoy at home despite the elevated daily cost. Perhaps my greatest opprobrium, however, is saved for the health club's paucity of treadmills. When your hotel is on the Equator, it should be a given that a number of your (aspiring) health-concious guests may not want to brave 25+ degrees Celcius with attendant humidity to get in a jog before work. Waiting in line to get exercise should be a thing of the past.If you want to get good value for money in the general vicinity, try the Pan-Pacific Hotel. If you want an elevated level of service and comfort, then the Ritz Carlton might well be your destination. I spend so much time at the Fullerton because it is a sub-10 minute walk to my office in a city where taxis vanish faster than anything David Copperfield could manage when the rain starts. Because, after all, it's location, location, location...  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dojc
<Content>Colonial Charm  Be prepared for a treat!!!My girl friend and I stayed three nights at the Fullerton and found it a great place. It was reasonably priced (and we managed to get Buffet Breakfast included) at $260 AUD per night - for weekend nights and $380 per night for weekday nights.We stayed in a courtyard room and it was a good size. Well set up for business travellers (altho' I had dumped the lap top for our short break). The rooms have the tallest beds I have ever seen! Magnificent bathroom, huge shower, separate toilet and double bath.The food was excellent, and just a 5 min walk away are many great eateries, great historic sites (Raffles Landing). Taxi's were in abundance at the front door. And you can get a water taxi for a few dollars just at the back of the hotel.The staff were always smiling and only too willing to help.The hotel facilities are excellent and its worth spending time and exploring the hotel. Some beautiful Chinese antiques can be seen.Oh the pool is excellent, great to destress in.The Fullerton used to be the site of the post office and the upper floors were business offices. $400Million Singapore dollars have been spent on renovations (The outside of the building is 'heritage listed' and cannot be altered - thank goodness) and each room is a different in layout. I cant wait to go back!!!!Hints;The concierge area have visitors maps available and will help with directions.You can get late checkout until 2pm. Normal checkout is 12.Luggage can be left with the concierge in a locked area.The in house laundry facilities are pricy but prompt.If you fly Singapore Airlines keep your boarding card stub and you can get cheap all day bus travel.Be ready to be baffled by the taxi charging system!Be careful when getting a taxi - the mercedes charge limo prices.Go to the Esplanade (a few minutes walk)Oh just go and be pampered!!! Its great!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JKM808
<Content>Fullerton Hotel- A Fantastic Experience       Our view from the seventh floor  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AussieAnge
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We have now stayed at 3 hotels in Singapore over the last year. The Four Seasons, Raffles and now the Fullerton. We only stayed here for one night, we were upgraded to a suite. The suite was over two levels, don't stay in this type of room if you are older or find it difficult climbing stairs. The top level had the bedroom and bathroom with the living room on the lower level. I don't think it would be my first choice. The real plus was that it had a huge balcony area.The hotel is very beautiful and we found the staff to be really helpful.The pool is fantastic.We had the Champagne lunch which is an experience not to be missed if you are in Singapore on a Sunday.The location of the hotel is excellent. You can stroll to Clark Quay and for lees than S$5 you can get a taxi to Orchard Road, Little India etc.The hotel is really nice but 3rd out of the ones we have stayed at.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gougoul
<Content>NIce, underrated place We stayed for two nights at a duplex or loft suite (whatever the name, it had two storeys).The rooms are quite big and quite nice, with a terrace overlooking the water, which is cool.The hotel is quite big from the inside (the 400 rooms spread on only 3 or 4 levels), but it's finely located, and the rooms are decent (the overall fit and finish could have deserved more attention, but it's ok)Service is fine if nothing amazing. We will try the Raffles next time (was fully booked), but we'll return to the Fullerton one day for sure.On a less positive note, the rolls driver who picked us up messed up my name (i became chinese !), and the same thing happened at the check-in. At least the room was ready very early (8 AM) which is very positive.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 star hotel with historic charm Stayed for one night and was really impressed. We stayed in a historic room which was lovely - bathroom on the left as you entered and then a small staircase leading into the spacious main room. Thought the ultra high beds were cool. The historic building is charmingly converted. Overall, would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Panda_229
<Content>loved the Fullerton       bathtub big enough for two!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KL_Sue
<Content>Stylish hotel righ on river Wonderfully stylish hotel (used to GPO) right on banks of river. Oozes charm and sophistication. White, imposing with grand collanades from outside, huge airy atrium inside. Restaurant on river has great views and provides excellent people watching opportunities, and bar is very trendy and popular. Walking distance to clarke/boat quay. Rooms are large and stylish alhtough don't expect great views. The hotel has a wonderful infinity pool which again overlooks the river. Much preferable location to busy, average and bustly Orhcard Road. Try the Indian buffet lunch - fantastic freshly made dosas!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GlobalRoamer
<Content>Wonderful exterior but damp  The Fullerton is in a fantastic location - especially if you are doing business in Singapore. And it looks great from the outside. But the rooms can be very damp and musty - and I've stayed in this hotel on about 8 separate occasions now.... Plus worst of all is that sometimes in the middle of the night I've been woken up by extremely loud airconditioning noises. Not acceptable in a 5 star hotelIf in Singapore and looking for a decent hotel I'd recommend 4 Seasons or Raffles The Plaza as better hotels for similar or lower price.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Whinbrook
<Content>Super Chic This hotel has a WOW factor by the shed load. The public areas are magnificent, it must have been one of the grandest post offices ever built!Our room was a quay view and very pleasant if on the small side and not the most conveniently shaped, but that is a legacy from the building having a commercial history. However, it was immaculately detailed and thoughfully designed to make ones stay as comfortable as possible. The beds were a little high off the ground but very comfortable. The bathroom was a work of art with Philip Stark fittings and again very thoughfully designed. The glass shower with drencher style shower head was wonderful to use when the hot water eventually arrived (kind of spoilt the experience a little!).Breakfast was a vast affair with anything and everything available although service was a little erratic and the hostess who showed us to our table clearly flunked charm school (which spoilt another experience!) This restaurant, Town was also a very modern design but looked a bit like a factory cafeteria! We had lunch there too and felt the menu was trying too hard to be trendy with food combinations that did not quite gel.The location is excellent, the colonial centre of Singapore is on its doorstep, as is the financial centre and the proximity to the river is also a bonus. The famous Merlion statue is also practically adjacent.The biggest disappointment was the swimming pool. It looks nothing like the hotel web site photographs and is small and awkwardly shaped with no real space around it to sit and lounge. Half a dozen people in the pool and it feels crowded!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shakespeare_fan
<Content>great location, but lousy service, and overpriced       nearby building seen through the frame in the wall  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Montydoro
<Content>Thoroughly recommended I am a frequent business traveller and this is one of my favourite hotels. The spectacular lobby and pool (overlooking the river) are worth a look in themselves. Add to that beautifully decorated rooms and excellent service and I struggle to fault it. One word of warning is that some of the rooms, while pleasant, can be small and stuffy if you are staying for a few days. A result of converting an old building, I suspect. Try to face the river if possible. They are usually happy to move you if they can. The location is excellent. For business travellers, the hotel is at the edge of the financial district. For tourists you are a short walk to Boat Quay and next to an MRT station. Easy!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bagoda1
<Content>Terrific Hotel in a Terrific City My wife and I stayed for one night after staying on Orchard Road for 2 nights. The hotel is great, both in quality and location. The location is right on the Singapore River. While the Singapore River is not the Seine by any stretch, it is nice enough. The hotel is right next to Boat Quay, which has every type of food choice imaginable, as well as dozens of bars and clubs. Clark Quay is also close by. China Town is walking distance, but a nice hike.The hotel grounds are very nice. The building is beautiful. The pool is inviting, and overlooks the river.The lobby is also quite beautiful, and spotlessly clean. Service was very polite.The room was modern. Nice TV with numerous English channels. The room was nice sized, and the bed was king sized with great linens. The bathroom was huge and sparkling. It had a separate tub and shower, and the shower had a huge rain shower head.I cannot think of a thing wrong with the hotel. It is on the pricey side, but it is a luxury hotel. We did not eat in the hotel, so I cannot comment on quality or price. I would stay here again whether it be for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jjjbbb
<Content>Good but Nothing Special After reading great things, perhaps I expected to be wow-ed. The hotel is another large, well-decorated (although I think if you look closely it isn't as nice as it appears from a quick glance) hotel. Good for business travel - decent buffet breakfast with a large selection, convenient location, comfortable bed. I do think that hotels with a lot of business travellers shouldn't charge for high speed internet access (or at least not over-charge) - it should be covered by the room rates - and the Fullerton did charge a hefty amount, which surprised me.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Margouille
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(3558822, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely my favourite in Singapore   showReview(3293524, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing.   showReview(3278423, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rather Plain but functional   showReview(3099354, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doctor_X
<Content>Great hotel       Pool at the Fullerton - nighttime view  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Fullerton   showReview(2836352, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(2823281, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Charlty
<Content>Great hotel and location   showReview(2810146, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Fullerton   showReview(2433455, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but disappointed   showReview(2429367, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mihiyuiemi
<Content>銈点偆銈炽兗銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(21141161, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>eskacci
<Content>銉椼兗銉亴鏈€楂?#x201d;       銉愩儷銈炽儖銉?/a>  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mujita
<Content>good location!   showReview(20811361, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€浣庛仾澶?#x201d;   showReview(20753736, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>0	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ApprenticeGardener
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屾渶楂樸€傘儞銈搞儘銈广€佽Τ鍏夈仺銈備究鍒┿仾绔嬪湴銇с仚銆?#x201d;       銉愩儷銈炽儖銉笺亱銈夈優銉兗銉婂湴鍖恒倰鑷ㄣ個  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nicefrance
<Content>Je ne le recommande 脿 personne   showReview(19498161, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>orchid93
<Content>鏍煎ソ鑹亜銉涖儐銉紒   showReview(19219989, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hesse
<Content>Entt盲uschend       Zimmer  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seefahrer
<Content>super Preis/Leistung   showReview(14713938, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙兗銉曘偋銈儓銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19169915, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍎泤   showReview(19169215, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈傘仺銈傘仺閮典究灞€   showReview(19165502, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儵銉堛兂銇儹銉曘儓銈广偆銉笺儓鍒濅綋楱撯槅   showReview(19163112, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€瓒炽仹銇椼仧   showReview(19163044, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儵銉笺儓銉炽€€銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷   showReview(19162541, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲点伀銇倞銇俱仚   showReview(19162494, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Firsttraveller
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel!       Pool  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€鏃匴eb銇т簣绱勩仐銇?..   showReview(21802183, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viptrip1
<Content>Traumhotel in Top Innenstadt Lage   showReview(5964222, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傚揩閬┿仾銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19158926, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏀俱仯銇︺亰銇勩仸銈傘倝銇勩仧銇勪汉銇伅銇婅枽銈併仹銇欍亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19157592, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>钀姐仭鐫€銇勩仧銉涖儐銉仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19155846, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇°倗銇ｃ仺璞彲銇偡銉炽偓銉濄兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19154941, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉兗銉狅紙姝ｉ潰鐜勯枹...   showReview(19927094, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶溿伀鍒扮潃銇椼仧銇仹銇欍亴...   showReview(19923245, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮典究灞€銈掓敼瑁呫仐銇熴仺銇?..   showReview(19921946, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ч兊渚垮眬銈掋儧銉嗐儷銇仐...   showReview(19920042, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃т腑澶兊渚垮眬銈掓敼瑁呫仐...   showReview(19917341, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏冮兊渚垮眬銇с€併偡銉嗐偅銈?..   showReview(19917199, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€2鏈?鏃ャ亱銈?娉娿仐...   showReview(19917044, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ф櫐鏃ャ伀瀹挎硦銇椼伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19917038, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

