<Author>MarylandTracy
<Content>Trash Dumpster with a box spring mattress First time in Puerto Rico..read all reviews and this sounded like a good way to spend less on hotel and more time on beach. After arriving at this place..I wouldn't even stay here at the Coqui Inn if it was free! To even call it a hotel or Inn is incorrect. The rooms are similiar to a dirty gas station restroom with a bed in it. There was a box spring on the tile floor with a thin foam piece on top covered with some of the dirtiest sheets and comforter I've ever seen. There was a huge hole in the side of the concrete wall where they had put an air conditioning unit but it didn't quite fit so there was a pillow stuffed on one side and cardboard on the other. The door was similar to a screen door with a colored plexiglass piece covering the opening where a screen would go. The fact we were given a 'key' to lock it was hilarious. The shower had a HOSE coming out of the wall with no shower head at all on it - just water spewing from a tap! I can't believe management, with a clear conscious, can take money from people to stay here. It is beyond a youth hostel..it's a dump with a ceiling over it. NOT across the street form the beach and in a pretty shady part of town. We DID NOT stay here. We didn't get any refund but left anyway. If you have to go this route to save money on your hotel..it's worth staying home a few more months and saving your money up so you can stay in one of the real hotels in San Jaun and feel safe and enjoy your time on the beach. We transferred over to the InterContinental and had a wonderful time. I only wish I took pictures to post online so people could compare the 'real' photos to the pictures the 'inn' has posted...a joke! The funniest part is that they are advertised EVERYWHERE on the island..spend less on ads and more on providing a decent place for people to stay! Or take yourself off the map!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	2	1	

<Author>ozanetti
<Content>Great time I travel a lot. And everywhere - US, Europe, Asia... And from my experience I can say - for the money you pay it IS the best place in San Juan to stay!I went to Puerto Rico to get some sun, to relax on the beach and to see the old city. And the location of the hotel was just perfect for that! Also the rooms and linen are clean, the towels are absolutely new and snow-white, the territory has a very nice atmosphere - cozy and very welcoming. There is laundry, internet, free wifi, 2 pools, restaurant, free coffee all day and microwave. And probably even more things you can use, but of course has no time as there is so much to do on Puerto Rico! The staff of the hotel is extremely helpful and friendly. I just wish I could stay there more....  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	3	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>bigpar
<Content>Don't waste your money... We only stayed here one night before departing out of San Juan since it was close to the airport. We arrived around 11pm and had to be back up 430am the next morning. The gentleman working the front desk seemed very annoyed that he had to get up from playing cards with his friends in the lobby to check us in....when we arrived at the room it was reasonably sized with 3 full beds. When we pulled back the covers on all 3 of the beds there were stains and long black hairs all over each them. It looked like they did there laundry and threw a wig in with it. It took us almost 40 minutes to get new sheets and they wouldn't even bring them to the room. When I told the worker about the mess he just handed me extra sheets and didn't say a word. I got the distinct feeling that this wasn't an uncommon event. We ended up throwing the sheets over the comforters on the bed and the 4 of us just slept in our clothes. We spent the majority of our trip camping and this was by far the filthiest place we had been!! Spend the extra 10 or 20 dollars and upgrade to a nicer place!!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Movintovieques
<Content>A unique little place The Coqui Inn was really an interesting place. Check-in took forever, I still can't understand what we were waiting for. Our room was pretty strange, we had a whole wall full of cupboards and closets and there were board games and all kinds of weird things in them. We had a little kitchenette and a table, which was cool. Then, we had a back door in our room which led to a patio that had some old excersise equipment on it. The room was not sparkling clean, but it wasn't dirty either. The furnishings are older, but not in bad shape. Nothing was bad, Nothing was great; it was just really strange. Everything was just a little off.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>EVANSAZ
<Content>This is a 3rd world motel This is the equivalent of a 3rd world motel. It is a combination of buildings mixed into a residential area. The rooms are in a maze of hallways with iron gates to some of the areas that can only be entered and exited by key which in the event of an emergency could pose a risk. The construction is flawed as our small room had three levels of concrete on the floor. We also had windows that would not close completely. Water was out on one evening. Complimentary breakfast is a honey bun and coffee. On two occasions they could not make change for $20 when I bought water from the hotel. The same person was never seen twice at the check-in area. There was no map identifying our first room as we had to walk down the street in the poorly lighted street. Upon trying to open our room door we found people already in the room sleeping. So if you want a cheap price you also get cheap everything else.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>GreekRican
<Content>Cute and Pet Friendly Coqui Inn is a nice place to stay, sleep, shower and explore beautiful Puerto Rico. I originally intended to stay here because they accept pets. When I read the reviews I decided to leave my dog home. However, we found a beautiful stray who no one would adopt so we decided to keep him. We called Coqui in and made reservations for one night. The hotel is cute, decorated in a very tropical manner. It is not fancy, but it is definately Island style and has everything you need. The rooms are just right with cold airconditioning and refrigerator. The TV has many channels including CNN, and much more. The bathroom is nice a clean even though it is not huge, just right. The shower water is nice and hot. Lets see...overall it is nice. I was not going to stay because of the reviews, but after staying I am glad we did. It is right for the price and the staff is friendly.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	5	

<Author>BenAtlanta_GA
<Content>What A Great Place! I loved the laid-back ambiance of this place. They recently combined two hotels into one, so beware of the name change! The place itself is great--I loved the tropical art murals everywhere; there are two pools, with lots of cozy little patios and breakfast nooks in the connecting hallways. After staying at the overpriced places in Condado, this was a refreshing change. Twice the room at half the price. It's not a 5-star hotel of course, but the rooms are clean, the staff very friendly, and the price is right (In March, 2008: $86 including all taxes). If you want corporate luxury, head for the high-rises, but for a simple, relaxed place, this is it. I would (and will) stay there again on my next trip to PR.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>starkla2
<Content>Great Value!! The Coqui Inn was a great deal for me and my two friends coming for spring break! It is really close to the beach, but not as expensive as the beachfront properties. It has three swimming pools also if you don't want to mess with the salt water in the ocean. It is also pretty close to the airport, so the taxi there was not expensive at all, as it would be if you stay in Condado or Old San Juan. The rooms were what we needed, with mini refrigerators and stove tops in them which also helped us cut costs by going to one of the several grocery stores in walking distance. Of course, there is also a Burger King directly across the street. ;) The water pressure left a little to be desired, but we never had problems with the temperature. I never for a minute did not feel safe. The neighborhood was not bad at all, and just across the street and down a little you could find tourist nightlife along the beach. The computer lab was very helpful, with fast internet and multiple computers. The front desk also sold beautiful postcards and other things such as snacks and cool drinks. The staff at the Coqui Inn are simply great! They were extremely helpful to us, helping us organize day trips to the rainforest through a wonderful tour guide, and also helping us rent a car for cheap, and calling taxis for us and everything. They were so nice to us as well, and now that i'm home i actually miss the staff. Overall, the hotel contributed to what was one of the most amazing vacations of my life, and helped us enjoy ourselves without spending a ton of money. Definitely stay here!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SInyCouple
<Content>Place to sleep and shower. I stayed in the Coqui Inn beginning of March 2008. I had seen the place online before going to Puerto Rico and it did not look too bad for the price. The grafetti mural walls through me off a little and I was iffy on booking the place based on the unknown of the area. We went to PR and family was going to find us a cheap place close to the coast-beach, that did not happen. So an hour after getting off flight from NYC we contacted a few places that were $140 + a night, went to see like 3 of them...rooms looked like blah for that price and we didnt want to spend alot of $. The vacation was like an extended weekend cheap get away to the beach kinda thing.So there I was trying to get directions to the place on the phone, dealt with 3 different people. The address for place does not come up on a GPS system, at least not a tom-tom. Finally found it. Much easier than they explained. The enterance is around the back and it has multiple doors to get into the facility and confusing to find main lobby. We finally get in, there is one woman waiting on the sofa... one lady behind the counter and one manager in the office. it takes like hour-two to get checked in. the clerk made a money mistake refund transaction before and now the manager locked the system down and they can not enter any reservations. so she tells us to wait, dont give a specific amount of time. I tell her i saw a room online for $89 per night, and it is the two of us. We get handed like 4 sets of keys, told to pick a room. first we took a top room- not connected to others. two beds inside- twin and double. sheets are clean bathroom looked clean except the tile work in the shower stall was kinda busted up. could use TLC and a complete paint job. Huge refrigerator in room was a plus. Very cold. Light bulbs were burnt out, my Husband went to desk to exchange 2 of them, they said someone will come to room - no one did. we didnt stress it. The second day, we had NO hot water or water pressure. After 3 attempts, water and hot water running. 2nd day no such luck. After a long day and having a early morning ahead of us, we had to repack all our stuff and move to another room... we had choice of another 3 rooms, we settled on this other room, that may not have been the right one!I forgot to mention that the room cost us $79. After complaining at check in that we waited so long.... we got the room at that rate. Back to room 2. Nicer, cleaner, new paint job, bathroom a little tiny bit more up to date... not perfect, but it worked for sleep and shower purposes. Well water pressure and temperature were great...This room had two double beds and a stove (crappy) some dishes and a pot and pan and utensils. not a bad gesture but.... nothing I would make meals on. Fridge was smaller, but still nice to have. We bought some 12 pack soda at Wallgreens, milk and cereal and throw away bowls...The air conditioner was terrible terrible. At this point I opened the slatted windows and turned on the fan, I gave up switching rooms. The front door was metal slatted and you could force the slats open from the outside of the room and stick your hand in and open the doorknob lock. Not cool to leave ANYthing of value behind. We also hung the do not disturb sign to aviod wondering if maid service was going to go through our stuff. Camera's througout the property inbetween walkways to rooms made safe, however not enought lighting outdoors. the place is basically enclosed when your inside, it seems like it was once 3 seperate hotel-motels smushed together...The space around the Coqui was nice. sitting areas, pools were all very clean and everything outside was maintained with decent landscaping... some chairs and hammocks... the floors are tile in some areas of the place and became very slippery and no wet floor signs left out. I noticed 4 computers in the lobby area with people planted infront of them. COME ON! YOUR On Vacation... Get off the computer and go the the beach! They sold soda and ice cream and stuff. I saw the coffee pot, they never mentioned the freee coffee or breakfast stuff, nor did I care to ask for it. Bottom line: you get what you pay for. $79 was not expensive for us and we got a shower and a clean bed. Not a fancy place. Staff is nice but soooo slow when doing things. I would stay again if I needed a cheap vacation. But would also consider renting a timeshare or small apartment for a week at about the same price.My advise to all, dont waste your money on taxi or tours (ones that you can do yourself like Morro and Yunque. Rent a car. It's like $19 a day (without optional insurance). you can go to different beaches like pinones and fajado ... not restricted to busy san juan... try charlie cars for a rental.Good luck!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	1	2	4	

<Author>travellite25
<Content>Terrible! This hotel is terrible! Overpriced, dirty, air conditioning old and funky, tons of mosquitos, hardly any water to shower with... We stayed here the night before leaving (near airport) and it was not worth it at all. San Juan is small enough so that you can be at the airport soon enough. Better to pay a little more and stay at a nice place. Believe me!!! Hated this place! And angry to have payed so much for crap.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Dani1635
<Content>You get what you pay for! Well, we got what we paid for! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Coqui Inn because of the cheap rate (apparently there was a 10k race in town when we went and almost all other lower priced hotels were sold out). The Coqui Inn provided what we needed, a place to lay our heads and night and shower. Good points: staff was really friendly (treat them like you want to be treated), location was close to bus line for trip to Old San Juan, larger hotels (for tour to rain forest) and the beach, $10 cab ride to/from airport (extremely close!) and Internet access in the lobby to check email. Not so good points: someone mentioned no wash clothes or shampoo, TRUE!, was very noisy (walls and doors paper thin), not very safe secure room (no sprinkler system, actual keys for entry with just an additional chain to lock the door) and the water pressure in showers leaves A LOT to be desired (we changed rooms once bacause of water pressure, 2nd room was better, but not much) and forget about an iron and ironing board!All in all we had a good stay, probably because we weren't in the room much and it was just the two of us who went to the island to see the island, not to see the Coqui Inn.All in all, we got what we paid for and had a fabulous time on the island. The Coqui Inn left a lot to be desired but was not all that bad. Fortunately for us we didn't have any travel delays and our reservations were in order when we arrived. We did request and got a late check out with no problems or additional costs.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Ruelladonna
<Content>Poor Customer Relations Reviewer: Traveler from IllinoisThe day we were to stay at the hotel, our flight was cancelled due to weather and we were not able to fly until the next day. As soon as the airline alerted us, we called Coqui Inn to explain the situation and ask for our money or at least part of our money back on our prepaid room. The management was adamant that no refund or partial refund would be made. They have rules and they make no exceptions!  They did not offer us a credit for another day either. The $123 we paid for nothing is inexcusable in my book, and they can rebook the room! The situation was caused through no fault of our own and at least a partial refund would have made us think highly of the hotel. Now we are letting the numerous people we know who travel to San Juan to stay away from this facility.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Divehpu
<Content>Avoid this hotel... Like some of the reviewers, we booked this hotel for one night before leaving the San Juan area. I wish we would have spent the extra $50 to stay in a decent place.It took 45 minutes to check in and we were the only ones in the lobby. The clerk kept answering the phone and talking to people as the walked up. I had reserved two rooms on the hotel's website, but she would not honor the price and charged us more for the rooms.Once we walked the gauntlet, a maze of poorly light outdoor hallways, we found our windowless room. The linens were dirty and the thin metal door let in all of the noise from outside. There were a lot of punks hanging out and getting high throughout the hotel.While I could stay here alone, I would NEVER take a family here.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>firebirdgirl
<Content>Not bad at all. Not a bad place. Not a top of the line place either. But it sufficed for a place to sleep and shower.Nice big pool to lay out next to if the beach got to be too windy (since the sand pelting was not my favorite thing to endure).Breakfast alternated between donuts, muffins, or honey buns, and coffee.The chinese restaurant next door had the BEST sushi I have ever had.Reminds me of staying in a dorm room, or one of the cheap beach front hotels in Miami. Sufficient.However, why complain about accomodations when you should be out enjoying the weather, beach, and tourist attractions?!? TV had some good channels. Clean space, clean sheets, clean new(er) towels. No face towels or shampoo, so bring your own.The walk up and down the overpass/stairs wasn't too bad. A little bit further from the beach than I am used to, but for the price, I cannot complain. Burger King was a cheap way to eat and keep costs down.Kept some bottled water in the mini-fridge - the coqui inn sells bottled water cheaper than Burger King (FYI).Hotel staff friendly and accomodating. I was able to check in early. $11 taxi from the airport to the hotel. $14 taxi back to the airport. $10 taxi to the local casinos. $0.75 air conditioned bus ride (each way) into old town san juan for some fun shopping. I would consider this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>misiu1
<Content>Avoid Coqui Inn My sincere advice: avoid this property! Stayed there 1 night (with my wife and son) before leaving on a cruise, simply because it was the cheapest available option. Would not do it again! The room smelled bad, and looked more like a prison cell (at least that's how I imagine one).We hardly got any sleep at night (with all the noise and loud converstions coming from the lobby) and, were very eager to leave the premises in the morning. The only positive thing about the place is that there were no bugs.Pawel, Chicago  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	1	3	-1	3	

<Author>MLSMan
<Content>Over priced Coqui inn is over priced. nothing particularly wrong with it, just not a nice place. It's a $12 cab ride from the airport and only two blocks from Isla Verde Beach and the Beach district. Staff is fine, but the hotel just isn't worth the price.That said, I stayed there in 2007 and 2008 -- I was willing to go back because all San Juan hotels are over priced.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>enneagram9
<Content>it was cheap It was what we paid for, a cheap place to stay in San Juan before catching a plane to leave. The place was recently taken over, the pool looked ok, the bathroom had been sprayed with some kind of paint to cover the old blue color, not well. The beds were ok. The room smelled bad when we got there, but aired out and we didn't use the A/C. It is a great place for someone on limited budget. Has a small kitchenette, with dishes and pans, so you can cook in the room. I will say that the murals were well done. Also, considering where it is (close to the airport and in the city), it was Quiet.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>tallslimpr
<Content>Great place to rest! My time at Coqui was not a flashy place but it was confortable, clean, peaceful and just what you would need of an inn. You can't beat it for the price.Great place to rest!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	3	4	5	3	4	

<Author>greeklassie
<Content>Okay, but could be better!       Front of Coqui Inn  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	2	4	

<Author>IndianaLove2travel
<Content>It was OK I'll be honest with you... upon arriving at our room the first night, I called the travel agency to get a different hotel! The Coqui Inn is actually a set of apartments, and to get to the front desk you have to walk down the street. Not the safest thing to do in Puerto Rico at night. We didn't have enough money on our credit card to book another hotel, and we were stuck! My new husband and I made the best of it, and went to the beach a lot. (The beach is across the highway, but there is a walkway above. It's not like you have to dodge traffic or anything). We also took 2 tours, one of the rain forest! After getting over the initial shock of not being in a 4 star hotel, it didn't seem bad at all. There were some cute little restaurants right around the block (oh you have to try the one in the hotel!!! Its expensive, but the BEST oriental food I've EVER had!! I think the point is, we got an affordable stay in Puerto Rico for our honeymoon! Not something every young couple gets to do!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>latindave
<Content>Fantastic Hotel  Is ower 3rd year in a Road staying at the Coqui-Inn... The staff is super wonderful, they make your stay at the hotel as pleasant as possible,,, Rudy, Charlie, Carmen, reception desk staff, and Everyone from whom I don't remember their names... are Great,,, whenever I ask them for anything they where always willing to help with my requests and More,,, Mr. Rick Orasi, The New Owner is There for you whenever you need him. Wow !!!!,, I've never seen a Hotel Owner So Helpful, and So Friendly in any of the places I have stay, when we are out on Vacations.. He work with you to make your stay as pleasant as possible... Keep in mind it is a Budget Hotel, so you can't expect to get all the Amneties from a 5 Start Hotel, But for the price you pay, and The friendliness of their staff, you will feel as if you are in your Home..... Thank you so much For a Job Well Done,,, The Coqui-Inn is Ower Home Away From Home, whenever we visit Puerto Rico... Cordially Yours... David Rivera  William Gonzalez....  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelKenn
<Content>Good Budget Choice - Close to everything I needed.       Artist painting new wall murals at Mango Inn/Coqui Inn  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>trese1234
<Content>worst place in the Carribean       dirty sheets  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jillysue40
<Content>LOVED THE MANGO INN We found the Mango Inn to be neat and clean. It had a friendly and helpful staff. It had comfortable lobby, courtyards and clean pool. It's in the middle of a nice neighborhood across from the beach. it's also close to good neighborhood shops and restaurants.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tmpnurse
<Content>they should charge by the hour This place is disgusting. My husband and I walked in to a dark, stuffy room with stains on the wall and a bathroom that would make you want to use the bushes. The bathroom had 1 light, when we turned it on it was no brighter than a nightlight, probably so you couldn't see the filth. Next, my husband turns on the AC and particles flew out into his face. We went to go eat lunch and when we got back, the room still wasn't any cooler. I read the reviews others had written about the mango inn but thought, well it's only for 1 night (we had an early flight home the next day), and what do you expect for under 100 bucks? I should have listened to everyone else. We didn't want to see what the place became after dark (bugs?!) so we checked out right away. They wouldn't give us our money back. Spend an extra 30 bucks and stay somewhere decent.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	3	1	

<Author>labslave
<Content>Liked the Mango Inn We needed a cheap hotel close to the airport for the night before an early flight. The Mango Inn met our requirements well. The room was clean and nice. It had A/C (necessary in San Juan) and cable TV, as well as parking.It is just on the other side of the freeway from the beach, so you just have to cross a pedestrian walkway (5 min walking) to get to the Isla Verde beach (the nicest beach in San Juan). The hotel is in a residential area, and our room didn't have a particularly nice view. Isla Verde is okay, but a little boring, and doesn't have too many restaurants. There are enough to feed you for a night or two, but not much more.The people working at the hotel were all very nice and friendly. The pool is small (but why go to the pool when the beach is so close?). There is no kitchenette in the room, but a large refridgerator is available to store stuff if you like. The breakfast was just toast and coffee, but that's true at most places.Overall, we liked this place better than the Coqui Inn (right next door, where we stayed the first night of our trip) because the room seemed cleaner.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>labslave
<Content>Okay, but not great, for the price We stayed at the hotel because we wanted a cheap place close to the airport for one night coming in after a late flight at the beginning of our trip. The Coqui Inn is the new name for Casa Mathieson and the Green Isle Inn combined. We stayed in the Casa Mathieson side (the Green Isle building is just down the block). For $80/night (including tax), it way okay but not great. I would not recommend staying more than a night here.Our room was big but not particularly nice, with two double beds and a gigantic bathroom as well as a kitchenette and mini-fridge. We had A/C (which is necessary in San Juan) and cable TV. I found it hard to sleep through the night because the people next door and out in the hallway were noisy and woke me up during the night.The hotel is in a residential area, across the freeway from the beach, so you just have to cross a pedestrian walkway to get to the nicest beach in San Juan (Isla Verde beach). It is less touristy than other areas of San Juan (this does mean that there are fewer restaurants around), and has parking available. I thought that the location was fine - easy to get to the beach but also easy to park.I found the people at the front desk to be nice and friendly.For the last night of our trip, we stayed at the Mango Inn, which is right next door and which we liked much better. Rooms are about the same price there, don't have a kitchenette but seemed cleaner.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	4	3	4	

<Author>trulla79
<Content>San Juan - great Nice hotel with pool, big rooms with private bath, nice front desk staff. The continental breakfast is included but it is only coffee and sweets! At the pool is also a wending machine, microwave, oven, thats great. Our pool area was unfortunately a children playground. The air condition in the room is cooling well, but it is noisy. We shut down the air condition but the neighbours had it running all the time and the box was next to our window, really noisy! Don麓t choose the room 220!!!  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ZipsMysticMom
<Content>Very nice, comfortable accomodations       The Pool Area  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>charlieissupercool
<Content>Charming, typical Puerto Rican inn Clean, comfortable rooms in a charming typical European or Central American Inn. Easy walk to a great, local breakfast (all the locals there) or to the casinos and beaches. Staff was courtious. Clientel Caribbean folks and colorful; good lobby watching! We are going back this year. A great place for the money.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>runneratheart
<Content>If you are traveling on a budget, this is great ... If you are doing San Juan on a shoestring, the Mango Inn will not disappoint. Sure, the view from your room may be obstructed by a billboard and the faucet might drip all night, but for $75 you can't beat it. If you are reasonably low maintenance this is definitely worth it. - Submitted by a girly girl.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>RichMAustin
<Content>A wlecome change of pace               More photos  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Penitent
<Content>Worst hotel I have ever slept in I end up in this hotel in April 2006, when attending a conference in San Juan, because all other hotels were full. My advice is: If this is the only hotel with available rooms that you can find in the whole Puerto Rico, then simply look for another destination in the Caribbean or just stay home. This place is horrible. The breakfast is rubbish, the rooms are dirty and dark, showers are like those you would expect in a prison, the building is dismal and lacks any amenities (except a swimming pool that is more like a bathtub), if your neighbors are just a little noise, prepare for a sleepless night, because the walls are like paper. The location is terrible. An appalling experience. For the same price you can get a much better hotel elsewhere in the United States or the Caribbean.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>litraveler51
<Content>Would never consider staying at the Coqui Inn again This year I booked three rooms at the Coqui Inn for a one-night stay prior to a cruise leaving from Puerto Rico. The rooms were for my wife and myself, my daughter, her husband, their two small children and my mother-in-law, and my brother. For such a one-night stay I just wanted something basic, clean, economical and comfortable. We selected the Coqui based on the reviews I read on this web site, and the 3 out of 5 average it received. I think this is a point or two higher than it should be.Our impression was the general lack of upkeep and cleanliness. The rooms were nothing like anything you would consider modern (think Best Western, Red Roof Inn or Holiday Inn). We were very reticent to put our bare feet on the floors. We had a kitchenette in our room that we wouldn鈥檛 even think of using. We were very disappointed with the overall appearance and condition of the Coqui.There was a dead roach or something on the bathroom floor, and a few insects flying around in the room. We awakened in the morning with some mosquito bites.The handicapped-accessible room my wife required was not available even though we made prior arrangements for it. We were told the party who previously occupied it decided to stay an extra night. I was not in a position to find another hotel so I had to physically carry my wife in and out of the bathroom.Our room did not have a doorknob 鈥?I had to do a trick with the key in the look to pull the door closed from the outside. There was also another door in our room that led to an outside walkway. This door did not have a deadbolt lock, which made us feel rather unsafe.My brother鈥檚 room was like a closet. It was slightly wider than the width of his bed.The sheets in our room did seem clean and the bed was comfortable. There was a TV and AC, both of which worked OK.The Coqui Inn is a short half-block from a major busy highway and its noise. But it is very convenient to both the airport and the cruise ships port by taxi, being located somewhat between both.We only saw one restaurant within walking distance 鈥?the Nikko 鈥?but they have excellent Asian food, service and ambiance. The pool area at the Coqui is very nice, and there are two computers in the lobby with free Internet access. Snacks and drinks are conveniently available in the lobby. The staff was friendly and they lock the front entrance at night.But we would never consider staying at the Coqui Inn again. And we would not recommend it even for an overnight stay for someone expecting at least the quality of a basic US hotel-motel chain.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	4	

<Author>tanchaser
<Content>Expected better We booked four rooms months in advance at the Coqui Inn. Naturally, that is where we expected to stay. Only one room was given at the Coqui Inn, the other three were shuffled off to an adjacent property, the Casa Mathiesen. The Coqui Inn appeared on the surface to be OK, but The Casa Mathiesen needs some serious work. What you need from a one night pre cruise stay is clean bedding and a decent bathroom. This was accomplished.The negative points were really deteriorated furniture and a floor that could be much cleaner. The floor did not pass the white golf sock test. Our friends in an adjacent room discovered broken glass on thier floor. The a/c unit is over the door and is not very quiet. Wiring is 50's old style and exposed in the room and passageways. Our biggest complaint is very loud music from a local bar that kept us all awake until the wee hours.The Coqui Inn has potential, the Casa Mathiesen is better suited for young people or transients. Management should place you in the area booked , especially when booked well in advance. At this time I would not recommend for pre or post cruise stay. With more money and attention this could change.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>oldanalyst
<Content>A modest inn We spent 10 days in Puerto Rico and spent the first and last nights at the Coqu铆 Inn. We made our reservations over the Internet and they were waiting when we arrived. We were looking for modest accomodations which were near the airport so we could maximize our time in Puerto Rico. This is exactly what we got. Within less than an hour of our arrival in San Juan, we had checked in and were walking on the beach. On our way back, it took 10 minutes to get to the airport to return our car.If you are looking for a lavish suite of rooms with high end accomodations, the Coqu铆 is not it but if you are on a budget and are looking for a clean and convenient place to serve as a stop off point, consider this Inn. You can also easily walk to many places to eat ranging from Burger King to exclusive restaurants. We did both.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tonightjr
<Content>Home away from home The Coqui Inn is my home away from home. My family and I travel to Puerto Rico two to three times a year. The rooms are fully equipped with air conditioning and cable TV and some rooms are equipped with a small kitchen. The service is great. The General Manager Juan and the Assistant Manager Emanuel and their staff are helpful and friendly. The hotel has a nice size pool which is well maintained. FREE PARKING available which is important when renting a vehicle. Overall this has always been the best place to stay for my family and friends. I highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tresrazas
<Content>Coqui Inn AKA Bedbug Inn Although I have stayed at this hotel in the past, my last visit was truly horrible!!! To begin with they did not have a record of our reservation. To make things worse I actually found a used condom wrapper in my bed sheets. We found the condom on our second night due to the fact that on the first night we were so exhausted we fell asleep on top of the bed without turning the covers down. In spite of this, I tried to gracious keeping in mind the nice experience we had at this hotel in 2005. However, If this wasn鈥檛 bad enough, I soon started to suffer from massive bug bites which at first I assumed to be mosquitoes. Much to my disgust and dismay I soon learned that it was not mosquitoes that were feeding on my body but BEDBUGS!!! After a long discussion with the management, they finally agreed to change our room. They didn鈥檛 even have the decency to comp us for the three nights we spent sleeping with the bedbugs and condom wrapper. Unfortunately, I did not make an issue of this or demand to be comped for the room in spite of the fact that friends that I called in the states suggested that I should demand to be comped and that I should report the to the Puerto Rican Tourism Board ( which I was also gracious enough not to do). I must say that I left more than my heart in old San Juan as a courtesy of the bedbugs I鈥檓 sure I also left a couple of pounds of my flesh. That and over sixty bucks that I had to spend on bug spray anti itch creams etc.In conclusion, I had to personally fumigate the room in which my nephew and I were staying. After which, I did not want the hotel to clean my room but unfortunately there wasn鈥檛 a do not disturb sign that we could use to indicate that we didn鈥檛 want them cleaning the room and possibly exposing us to further contamination of bedbugs. I came away from this trip totally disgusted with the quality of service at this hotel. Unfortunately, I also came away disillusioned about visiting my homeland in the near future as well. I most say that I have always preferred to spend my vacations and money in my own homeland however, after this visit; I must seriously consider spending my money and vacation in other locations.The Coqui Inn AKA The Bedbug Inn  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Nevr2ez
<Content>Would never go back there again I booked this hotel in Isla Verde area of San Juan, Puerto Rico because of the low rates they had compared to the other area hotels. But I was totally disgusted when I saw this place and I had to pay more than 80.00 US dollars for a night there. This cheap hotel should not be anything more than 35 dollars in the US. I arrived at the hotel in the evening and as soon as I walked in I was disgusted and wanted to walk right back out. But unfortunately we had two large suitcases and a carryon with us and didn't know the area too well and we were there in San Juan for the first time. The taxi had already left as well. I asked the man in the front desk if I could see the room that was assigned to us and he gave us the key to the room. We had initially planned to stay there for 5 nights. We had to walk around the swimming pool (where all the people were staring us at as if were some aliens or something) to the room through a dark corridor area. Our room was all the way at the end and it was right next to the busy highway at the street level. The door handle was broken and the screws were out from the door handle and it looked like someone tried to break into the room. The deadbolt was functional but I wouldn't trust it! The room was big with two beds. The fridge was not working with some kind of stinch coming from it. The A/C was working good. The bathroom was disgusting with some stains in the shower area which looked like blood stains. We went back to the front desk and told the guy there that the room lock was broken and he said they can only get it fixed the next day. We still needed a place to stay for the night and we booked the room for that night, because we had no other choice as we were new to the place and was there for the first time in San Juan. We went to the room and kept our luggages in the room and went outside to take a walk. There is a bridge right outside of this motel to cross the highway to the Isla Verde Ave on the other side and to the Isla Verde beach. We went over to the other side and saw this Howard Johnson Hotel there and the manager was so nice to accomodate us there in a Suite for a few more bucks than what we were supposed to pay at this cheap motel. We stayed for the next 5 nights at the HoJo and had a great time in San Juan. The HoJo suite was a million times better than the room in Coqui Inn, and we didn't mind paying a few more dollars for our safety and can sleep rest assured. We would never go back to this Coqui Inn ever again. Please don't be fooled by the pictures  descriptions on their website because they are deceiving. We went back into Coqui Inn and checked out from there within 1 hour of our check in there. The man at the front desk was not too happy but he was kind enough to refund our payment in full for the night.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	2	

<Author>damacarrion
<Content>This was a great place with great staff! I arrived at the Coqui Inn or as it is known, The Green Isle on August 6. I was here for ten days. After reading reviews from other people who had stayed here, I was ready for the worst. However, I had a great time. The staff was great. Overall, my stay here was all I wanted and more. My room was cleaned daily, and I had clean towels every day. There were no bed bugs, and the staff went out of their way to make our stay a pleasant one. In the mornings, coffee and donuts were offered by the pool, and most of the housekeepers came in at that time. They greeted us with a smile, and at times they would ask us how things were going and how was our stay at the inn was going. My kids stayed in the pool until very late, as long as they did not disturb other guests. Most of the guest were outside by the pool with their kids, so having access to the pool was a blessing. Not too many places allow people in the pool after a certain time. The place was small, so it was impossible not to mingle with the other guests. I met a family who lives in New York, and we are still in touch. If you want an affortable place where you are close to all the attractions Isla Verde has to offer, this is the place. If you want an expensive place where you hardly see people or meet people, where having fun is a foreign word, this is not for you. The staff in the front desk, Carlos 1, Carlos 2, Eric, and the manager (John) were always willing to help in anyway they could, and for me, hospitality is important. I have a laptop, and I could connect to the Internet from my room - talk about convenience! I plan to return for Thanksgiving, and I plan to stay at The Green Isle Inn. I highly recommend the Coqui Inn to anyone. It's a fun, great place with pleasant people. It is also close to all tourist places and restaurants with great authentic Spanish food.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cybrjoe0220
<Content>Worst Hotel Ever!! When we got there it was instantly disgusting. They then told us that they couldnt find our reservation and i was saying we should go somewhere else. Then they said they had a room for us so we took it. Next thing we know we are walking out the front door and down the street. The lady tells us the room is actually not on the premises and the door leads directly to the street so keep it locked at all times. We go in and the lights in the bathroom didnt work and there was a dead cockrotch in the corner. There was a huge gap under the door and who knows what else we slept with that night. In the middle of the night we were awoke by several cops flying with the sirens on down the block and the lights of the cops keeping us awake for hours. I will never stay here again  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>isnobbig
<Content>Wet holiday at the coqui The Coqui inn was exactly what I expected after reading the various reviews. An affordable and safe place to sleep while on vacation. I visited Puerto Rico for five days in June and spent 3 peaceful nights and one interesting night at the Coqui inn. The first day we arrived our room wasn't ready (we arrived at 1, so we weren't suprised) so we headed to the beach and a bar for a couple of Medallia's to start our girls weekend out. When we arrived back to the inn our room was ready and appeared very clean. There were no wash cloths, only towels, but it has been my experience that many caribbean hotels don't have wash cloths, no problem, we picked up sponges at the drug store close by.Our first night the toilet ran all night, when we awoke the next morning our room was flooded with two inches of water!!! We yelled from the balcony like damsels in distress and a very nice man came up to check our room. He showed us the problem, fixed it and promised our room would be clean in no time. We went to the beach, and when we returned everything was good as new! ( I had left my suitcase on the floor overnight, fortunatly, it is waterproof, or I wouldn't as happy) The people at the coqui inn were very nice and I would stay here again! If not for the water problem I would have given this hotel a four for it's value and location.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bed Bugs My husband and I stayed here in late November (right before Thanksgiving) because we were going on a cruise. We didn't want to spend a lot on a hotel for one night, so chose here. The price was nice, the room a little shabby. We found a few weeks later that we brought home bed bugs! I honestly don't know if it was from the hotel or cruise ship, but before you stay, check the mattress. Don't bring your luggage into your home. Wrap it in a plastic garbage bag, fumigate with bug spray and let it sit for a few weeks. Wash everything in very hot water before you put your clothes back!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place for the money...       Bedroom a/c with ceiling fan  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected I stay in this hotel on june 1st, 2006. I made the reservations in january, we were five guests and needed a room for five guests, that's why we choose this hotel. For our surprise when we arrived, there where only two beds (when we expecifically asked for a room for five guests). They try to resolved the matter by gaving us a bed that was storage .... Storaged .... On a little outdoor room, so i will never know if that bed was some other cat's bed, because there where a lot of cats hanging around.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A true story My best friend and I stayed at the Mango Inn over Memorial Day weekend. I had read the other reviews before travelling and was a little nervous. After staying there, it wasn't bad at all. It was clean and rodent/pest free. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If you are on a budget then the Mango Inn is an option. My only complaints are that they do not supply guests with washcloths, so we had to walk to Walgreens and purchase some; and there was a sitting area outside our door, which some loud guests enjoyed sititng at every morning, which ruined my sleeping until 10am. The only reason I would not stay there again, is because I'm lazy and didn't like walking up the stairs and across the walkway to get to the beach and walking back after a night of partying in heels. Overall, it served it's purpose- to catch a few zzz's and allow us to get showered and dressed.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy as a Coqui My husband and I are frequent travelers and hotel customers. We have high standards of what we want in a hotel and location for us is a big part of it. We stayed in a double. We were pleasently surprised by the size of the room. Huge! Very clean and excellent a/c. Pool was immaculate, cleaned every morning( I watched while tanning.) Housekeeping was how I like it, they were available but they didn't chase you out of your room. I had no problem getting clean towels or linen changed. Laundry was easily done. Kitchenette was great. Very accessible to beach, restaurants and a wonderful bakery around the corner. Desk was open 24hrs and all my questions were answered. I would recommend the Coqui to any of my family and friends.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Pool       Wife relaxing by the Pool.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you realy want to know Puerto Rico at it best, this is the place to be This is the best place to stay in Puerto Rico, good personal service, clean, efficient, safe, ...everithing you are looking for, and more. If coming to Puerto Rico, there is no need to go enywhere else, I guarantee it.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place I was at The Mango for a week an it is a charming little place, with very nice people and cozy. Very close to the beach and to restaurants. Close to everything you need on vacation without the big price.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Hotel Is Not Recommened If You Looking For A Good Vacation I was here on April 06 and my Partner and I could not believe what we have seen. I had made reservation and planned to stay for the whole weekon April 23,06 to April 30,06 My friend refer me the the website and it look very nice and attractive for a good price I was looking for. When we got there aftermidnight on april 24,06 the reception sent us to un-attractive room. The room had a weird smell, the bed was nasty it looked like someone has sex before we came, the room was full of dust and the kitchen and batrrom looked horrible. The worse part is the key that the reception guy given to did not work with the door to lock our self making both of feel worry and insecure. We complain to the guy and he put us to antoher room a bit bigger for the night. The next morning I checked out and was charged full- Price. This Hotel is Horrible for a Gay Couple like us looking for an attractive hotel near a beach to spent with each other. I recommened Alantic beach Hotel which is very attractive near the beach and way better service for the same price.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>SD4ever
<Content>Avoid this hotel - awful experience My husband found this place in a guide book. And based on the other two previous reviews on this hotel on Tripadvisor, we thought that for the price it would work for just a one night stay. I was very disappointed. First of all, the hotel is next to a very busy freeway and is one block away from a cemetery (I wish someone would have mentioned that to me). The room smells like mildew and smoke, there were stains on the walls and carpet. The bathroom was dirty with peeling paint on the tub and wall. And let me just say that I've seen cleaner public toilet than the one in the room. We had to stay out all night in Old San Juan so we didn't have to sleep in the room too long. But once we actually tried to sleep we couldn't because the walls are so thin we could here people's loud conversation next door. I'm generally not a very picky person and have slept in pitched-tent in the jungle for days (with no toilets). But for the $80 we spent ($60 + $20 tax) it was NOT a great deal. I've seen better hostels in third-world countries. Fair warning...  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For the price, you can't beat this hotel!         
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It wasnt that bad.. My friends and I went to the mango inn this past April and it wasnt that bad. I had read the reviews from other people, and I was alittle scared that I had made a bad choice, but when I got there it wasnt bad. If your looking for a five star hotel, this is not it. If your budeting and all you need is a place to sleep, take a shower and leave this is the place for you. I did have to ask for extra towels everyday though. They did supply us with soaps, but you have to bring your own shampoo. In order to go to the beach, you have to cross a bridge to get there and everything else. Its about a five minute walk, not too bad. They also have a pool, but it didnt look too inviting, so I didnt take a dip. Its close to the airport, and its quiet. Like I said its not a five star, but if your looking for somewhere to crash in a budet, this will be perfect.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CJOilyHandz
<Content>Pretty good, if it's Mathiesen 3/21-3/24. When we got there, there really wasn't anywhere to park our rental car. Pretty much that whole block is owned by the same company (Mathiesen, Green Isle, Coqui, etc...). At first I was shocked about being transfered to Casa Mathiesen, but it turned to be a blessing! It is across from a residential neighborhood and a gated community. There was no traffic, filth, and the neighbors greeted us warmly. I brought bug spray in case, but found the rooms to be neat and pest free. One room problem remedied immediately by staff. The rooms were small, clean and comfy, aircon and fans worked, good shower. Breakfast was weak, go across the hwy to Burger King. You can get on the highway and hit Old San Juan in 10 minutes. They have a great Chinese/Japanese restaurant, NIKKO'S... great food and drinks, very nice owners. We wanted a place to rest and shower after touring, this was it. If you want pampering, this is not the place. Request the Casa M3/athiesen section.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>must read!! We went in a family vacation to Puerto Rico from march 23rd to april 3rd, we stayed at this place from the 26th - 31st.The place looks very clean, the lobby is extremly hot which is where they have the free computer which is a plus, they give you 15 minutes and trust me you wanna be out of there in 15 minutes if not because of the heat, because the computer in a rooms doorway, so you literally have to get up to let the people in the room out. The night staff has some serious issues, one staff member was constantly on the phone arguing with people, but he was nice to me the entire time we were there.we rented an apartment, it was very nice and private and great for the price. Now, the room had roaches in every drawer, there were roaches in the bathroom galore and i even kicked some off the beds. The kitchen smelled like rotting wood, but they had pots pans, plates and utesils. I only used the pots and pans and baught everything else. The first 5 minutes that we were there the kitchen light literally exploted, we had no light, i tried to call the front desk but the phone in the room did not work, and the apartment was hot and one of the air conditioners did not work. There were 5 of us and i asked numerous times for towels until i had to go get them myself.That night i was given a flood light for the kitchen and the a/c was fixed. The bathroom was filthy, nobody came to clean it up. Our first day there they came at 8am to fix the kitchen light, they said they were gonna go get a ladder and never came back, at least until we checked out. The room was not cleaned and the towels had what it looked like to be blood stains. The staff was helpful and trying to please us but at the same time you could tell they were embarrased. The phone was fixed as well that 1st day.The apartment that i thought was private actually was surrounded by 2 storage areas that the employees had access to 24/7 and man they loved to make noise. It also had another apartment next to our window which we had to keep closed so that our kids would not see the naked couple next door who never closed their windows but yet complained evey night about my kids laughing and playing at 9:30pm!! i mean it is our vacation i think children should be allowed to laugh!!The person from the front desk that called us constantly would as us to please turn the tv off and take the kids games away because their laughter was keeping up the people next door!! well the people next to us would moan come 2am and the front desk did nothing about it!! that first day our apartment was not cleaned at all!! and the days to follow they would leave a tip envelope yet all they did was make the beds and take ou the trash since they never changed the sheets, cleaned the tub, the bathroom sink or even swept, i personally swept and mopped the floor and had to keep everything clean, every housewife's dream ya know to go on vacation to still clean up after everyone!!, the best part was that if you did not leave a tip, the would leave you a reminder!!The parking sucked big time! there are very few spaces 6 i believe for the entire hotel!! and the neighborhood is not very safe! so every night we would have to empty out our rental minivan, car seats, strollers and all!they have a bridge to cross over to the other side to the tourist strip, now this bridge is dark as can be day and night, there are jobo's all over it and it wreaks of pee.The property is nice and cozy, they have police officers from the city come and do rounds.The have complimentary honey buns and coffee by the pool every morning, i would advise you to take them up on it since the nearest place for breakfast was the panaderia espa帽a and it was extremly expensive! we spent $58 in 4 sandwiches, 5 juices, oh and a newspaper. So after that we went to the grocery store across the street that is opened 24 hours and got breakfast items to make in the room. The laundry room, well the washer doesn't spin and the dryer doesn't dry! and they are 1.75 per wash and a dollar per dry but you have to put it in like 5 times and still hang it in your room, so go else where for it!the pool is nice, very small family sized pool, they have no life guard, and supposedly it closes at 10 yet people would hang out loudly until past midnight nightly and the staff would do nothing.Overall, for as old as this place is, it is kept well, the roaches, well we were in a tropial island, their cleaning staff sux!! and they need to learn how to clean, the rest of the staff very helpful, would i stay there again? not likely.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>2	5	2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It depends on the room The Coqui Inn is a great place to stay if you are on a budget. The staff is helpful and it's location is central for most attractions. Internet access is a plus along with wireless networking capability by the pool and in the lobby. With regard to the cleanliness of rooms, it depends on which room your in. Moreover, if you are a light sleeper, this budget hotel may not be for you. Other than the road noise you will hear (because it's right behind the motorway) and the wind (because the windows are not double pained), you may also be subject to hearing conversations and footsteps. I had the unfortunate pleasure of being subject to hearing some very noisy guests arguing, fighting and splashing loudly in the pool. The staff were very accomodating in helping me change rooms, but I had to request clean sheets for the room I was moved to. I started itching as soon as I sat on the bedspread and when I pulled back the covers, there were crumbs in the sheets from the people who had slept there the night before along with a clean up rag. I contacted the front desk, but they couldn't find clean sheets to replace them. It was a good thing that I brought my own after reading some previous reviews from people who said that the rooms were not very clean.In essence, it's a good hotel, just bring your own sheets just in case.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitley going back again. The best family oriented place to stay. We enjoyed the staff helpfulness and all the amenities, a great chinese resturant right next door. One block off the best beach and shopping for souveniers or groceries. Wonderful kitchenettes and everything super clean. Loved the networking offered by the hotel staff for our rental car and the suggestions on how to save money on our tour packages. We loved the coffee and buns provided free of charge every morning. It is no wonder the locals frequent this place as we got everything the big hotels offered at a fraction of the cost. Definitley going back again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jokerji
<Content>Please go somewhere else... Don't even think of this place. If you think you get what you pay for, then you're a loser. Try getting a deal with some of the better known chains and you won't regret.This place was so beat up, that I would gladly pay extra and stay somewhere else. You don't wanna take your significant other with you to this joint...  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Inexpensive and comfortable for a weekend stay My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for the weekend due to the overbooking of many other hotels; and since this hotel had rooms available, I decided to make reservations. After reading some of the reviews I became very scared, but we decided that if the Hotel was as bad as the reviews said then we will find another place. To be honest we stayed there for both nights; the bedroom was a bit small, we did not find ANY roaches in our bedroom or bathroom, yes the tv was a bit small but it had good reception, the staff was very friendly and HELPFUL. I didnot wake up in time for breakfast but in any event there is a Denny's close by. As far as I'm concerened this hotel is decent enough to spend the weekend at, especially if your goin to be out exploring or shopping. If you are person who just needs a place to rest your head at night and not costly this is just fine. If you are on vacation and want to really enjoy Puerto Rico and maybe stay in the hotel now and then to relax or be pampered, maybe take lay in the jacuzzi then please find the Hilton or Wyndham because you are not going be happy and eventually just like most people did write bad reviews about the hotel.Rock gyal  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Little Spot the room is small but it's a nice little spot i would go back next if anything.the people that work there is really nice..they lets us use the pool at nite.if your loooking for a place 2 stay in the hotel not there.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Greatest Vacation we have ever had. My family is from Puerto Rico and half of our vacation was spent at there home, this was not our best decision. The time spent at Green Isle Inn was fantastic, we all felt we should've spent our entire vacation there. We will not make this mistake again. Our next vacation will be spent at the Green Isle Inn in San Juan,Puerto Rico  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Maybe it's because we went over winter, but we really didn't encounter many problems. The front desk was friendly and helpful, the air conditioner and water worked well (the shower head had high water pressure). The towels and linen were relatively clean. They lock the front door at night so it's safer. It's not that bad, think beach motel in Jersey and you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The wost hotel I have ever been in. Without a doubt, this has been the worst hotel I have ever been. Filthy, smelly, room without windows, squeaky beds...and the morning breakfast...better I will not comment about it. If I had known better, I would have saved the US$ 76 and sleep in my rental car or the beach...or the cemetery that is right besides...don't walk out of that hotel...run as fast as you can...  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give the Inn a chance!       Courtyard with view of hotel room  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go anywhere else!       Burn holes in the bedspread  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>travlinfoolintx
<Content>Booker Beware Oh how I wish I'd read reviews on this prior to booking. The hotel rated itself three stars--obviously was not reviewed by the website. Poor service at the front desk, a/c that didn't work, aroma of disinfectant and bug spray, a window only to other rooms, ridiculous continental breakfast of white bread and Tang. I tried to avoid returning to the room until absolutely desperate for sleep.Spend a little more and get close to your money's worth.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place Ok...so it's not the best place I've stayed, but it is a pretty clean and nice place. The only problem I have is the lack on parking. Seems there are about 3 hotels on that street and curb-side parking is up for grabs on a first come, first serve basis. Anyway...all I needed was a clean and comfortable room to sleep in as I'm hardly ever in my room during my time in PR. I'm in PR about 1 weekend every 3 weeks on average. I've stayed in a few spots. Unless something drastic happens, I plan on using The Coqui Inn as one of my two preferred hotels for my weekend visits.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keep_earth_green
<Content>You get what you pay for plus the cock roaches in the shower We stayed at this hotel during our Spring Break and we were broke from the day of the arrival so this place suited our budget. I have many good memories from PR but I also remember waking up and seeing huge roaches in the shower and in the sink. We were taking turns killing them with our flip flops and we made fun of the experience. Here's a really good tip: if you must stay, walk across the street to the Wyndham and use their pools and hot tubs.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Here's the Real truth! I was in Puerto Rico for business purposes and wanted an inexpensive hotel. I read the reviews in TripAdvisor and had mixed emotions about making a reservation. I had a business associate that had stayed there in the past and he highly recommended this hotel. So i decided to follow his advice. I was happy with my room accommodation, the rate, and the helpfulness of the hotel staff. It's centrally located in the middle of all the expensive hotels. I would recommend this hotel for anyone traveling for business purposes or anyone vacationing that would like to save some money.I met other guests that had been coming on a regular basis to this hotel and they had nothing but good experiences.George M. in Chicago  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Room Value in Isle Verde San Juan, PR My wife and I just returned from a Royal Caribbean cruise and wanted to stay in Puerto Rico an additional five nights. We talked with reps from the Puerto Rico Tourism company and they recommended Green Isle Inn or Casa Mathiesen because they were economically priced and within walking distance to the major hotels, attractions, casinos, and beach.We were delighted to find the accommodations very clean and comfortable and the hotel staff very helpful and friendly. We ate two of the nights in the hotel's sushi and chinese restaurant. It was very good and the prices were reasonable. We recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a bargain. Henry  Maria from NYC  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NewYorkJetsetta
<Content>La cucharacha supreme! this place was a horror. After checking in from a cruise we were to stay one night. The a/c didnt work there were baby cockaroaches walking the wall's. My friend told me she could not stay there and was willing to change her flight and leave that night but there were no more flights leaving on our airline carrier so we stayed. I sweat off around 5 pounds waiting to be moved to another room then to find out we had to lug our lugage down a big flight of stairs to the first floor. I joked to my friend and said I dont think were getting chocolates on our pillow tonight but probably a combat or roach trap! the receptionist looked at us like we were paris and nicole wanting air conditioning! sorry but after getting off a cruise ship I need some sort of luxury! Is a/c too much to ask for???????? Also you have to climb a flight of stairs (41 concrete stairs) to get out of the area to go to the beach or restaraunts. The only thing I benefited from this palce was I probably shook off a few pounds between the a/c and the stairs!do yourself a favor stay at a well known chain hotel cause you get what you pay for!new york girls in distress!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you like bed bugs, you'll Love the Mango Inn I thought I was being wise by sleeping fully-clothed (yes, long sleeves and everything!) but, alas, I forgot to tuck my shirt into my pants and overnight the bugs found their way in. My room looked dirty (it could've been the bad flourescent lighting) and had no windows. There were ants on the table and in the shower. When my glasses fell under the bed, I had to get on the floor and stick my hand underneath to retrieve them. Ugh! It was so filthy I was tempted to leave them behind.The only positive thing I can say is that the staff was friendly. When I booked online, the hotel description said it was located in Old San Juan. Don't be fooled! It's in Isla Verde, probably 5 or 6 miles out of the old city. Staying at the Mango Inn had some anecdotal value, but otherwise stay away!!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little piece of paradise! For a budget hotel, The Coqui Inn lived up to it's claim. We spent two gloriuos weeks in this inn and had a fabulous time. The rooms were large, we had fresh towels every day. The staff were friendly and bilingual which was great for us, not being native spanish speakers. The staff also made several reservations for us including car and several tours on the island and they all were wonderful. I especially reccomend the Spread Eagle II Catamaran trip. The hotel was within walking distance of at least 20 restaurants offering every type of food imagianable. And did I mention that its only one block from Isla Verde Beach. It's also only a block from public transportation so we could pretty much get around the city without a car. Of course they do have parking if you do have a car. The room was clean, quiet, and air-conditioned. The bathroom was also quite large and clean. The pool was pristine, and a wonderfully warm temperature to go along with the tropical environment. We had complimentary coffee and pastries every morning by the pool. Also, the room came with a refrigerator so we could store fruit and juice and snacks which helped a lot. Basically we loved this little inn. It has a sense of the local flavor and was much nicer in my opinion, than staying in a big conglomerate hotel chain where you are just another customer. The staff here go out of their way to make sure the customers are happy. We are defnitely going back.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So bad, it was funny(in hindsight) This was the single worst hotel experience I have ever had. There were ants in my room and I woke up with 5 mosquito bites on my face. The room was not clean - the floors were wet. I was hesitant to let anything touch the floors (or the beds).The pictures are deceptive. It is an ugly place and it was funny to watch the expressions of surprised guests as they checked in.My advice is to pay 20 dollars more and stay in a different place you can actually rest in.The shower pressure and temperature were good.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll be back My husband and I travel to PR about 3 to 4 times a year. In april we went on a budget and stayed here it was prefect for what we needed it for. To sleep and shower. Parking was a bit difficult but, our room was clean, the pool was great and the tea and honeybun where fine. Enjoyed my stay I'd do it again.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Service at Green Isle Inn It is with great pleasure that I, Moses Oquendo highly recommend Green Isle Hotel to anybody planning to stay at an affordable hotel close to San Juan, Puerto Rico. The customer service representatives at Green Isle are exceptional; the rooms are well organized and cleaned. I am very honor to have to privilege to stay at Green Isle with my family members April 15 through April 22, 2005. I must give Special Thank You to Juan for all his support in order to grant us room # 123.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shame on them I am from Puerto Rico so the idea of paying $200+ for a room was not even an option, (or so I thought). I checked out after the first night and went to an upgraded hotel in Condado just to forget the experience.Parking is limited and scary. The room was small but what I really hated was the bathroom. It is a bottom line old hotel with old everything on it. Not appropriate for kids.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was impressed I had just 1 night in San Juan. Our flight arrived 2 hrs late. We got a taxi to the Green isle Inn.It was so convenient to the airport.The staff there were so friendly  helpful. The room was really comfy. We had to leave early the next morning. The staff booked our taxi to take us back to the airport.I thought it was very good value for money, very convenient to the airport, bright  clean with a very helpful  friendly staff.I would have no hesitation in recommending it to my friends  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here When I got to the street, I thought this might not work out, it is actually across a highway from the beach and restaurant area. When I saw the hotel I thought this might be problem. When I saw the first room I was offered I said no blanking way. There was a puddle outside the door and the room had no windows and was dirty. Since I booked online I was commited. At least the front desk person was accomodating and offered 2 other rooms. So I got a room than overlooks a greenish pool with peeling green paint on the deck. The pool is about the size of a little fish pond and the deck has just enough room for a table. In short you would probably be happier at something like a national discount chain that will leave a light on for you, since the lamp in the room I got didn't work. You'll probably spend a lot less as well.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's Good Once you get used to it!! When I first arrived, I was thinking, Oh my, we need a new hotel! But our room was clean and decorated, the water in the shower was hot, and it has a great location. I would definately go back to this hotel. However, if t.v. is important to you, the reception is bad, and parking is limited. But it is a cute little hotel with friendly staff. It's average and the price is cheap.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good value I checked our several budget hotels in the Isla Verde area. I decided to stay at the Green Isle Inn and save some money.  From the outside I did not know what to think. Once inside I was pleasently surprised. When I arrived my room was not ready, I had arrived two hours before check in time. The reservation agent placed my luggage in a storage locker while I went out for a bite to eat.   My room was ready upon my return. My room was clean and bright, with a good A/C and fan. There was a good selection of cable TV channels. My room also had a small kitchen and clean private bath.  The shower was very warm. I later learned that the hotel is green friendly and uses solar water heating.  I think that the hotel was a good value.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Zoe-la
<Content>The Worst Room You'll Ever Paid For Note to Self: I will never ever book a hotel room again without consulting TripAdvisor. On route to a 10-day vacation in Punta Cana, we had an overnight layover in San Juan. I booked and prepaid a room at the Mango Inn through a low fare website for $98.00. We were shocked at how this property was misrepresented online in both its description and pictures. We are seasoned travelers and have experienced a lot of things, but never have we seen a price of nearly $100 attached to a room that was this creepy.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stole a nights money I reserved over the phone and gave my credit card #. When I arrived two weeks later he said there was no reservation so at that time I paid in cash. When I got back to the US and checked my bank account I realized that they charged my card for a night also! They charged my card, then told me I had no reservation when I got there and then Mr. Alvarez thier accountant refused to refund the money. He has lied and given me the run-around. From Mr. King  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flounder
<Content>Mango Inn, Err . . . I've stayed in the Mango Inn/Casa Mathiesen three times now, and it's not bad, for the price. Yes, they charged more during Hurricane Frances, the second time I was there, but that's to be expected. The prostitution problem is a bit out of hand, but I'm sure it's not their fault. The pool was in good shape, and the honeybuns for breakfast were, well, honeybuns. A decent place, if you're on a tight budget. Otherwise, think about Windchimes in Condado.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClaribelVelez
<Content>Disceiving I booked this room because it was for only 3 days. But regret it, My husband  I looked at the room  was not as pictured in the web site. It had two full size bed  a kitchenette, which is the only thing I liked. We decided to stay because it was for a few days. My two daughters was with us  shared a full size bed. My youngest was bitten several times  I believed that it was some kind of little mites or fleas, as we noticed the bedspread was not as clean. Although, I sprayed Lysol, it didn't work, I needed flea spray. It was hard to find parking, it is first come first park. It stated parking available (few blocks away?). Another thing we didn't enjoy was the area was somewhat bad. While staying there, there were police searching for a man that stood in that hotel who I believe was in a fight. It was nervous, especially when you are with your children trying to have a nice time. This hotel is connected with Green Isle, same owners. Thank God it was only for 3 days. I know next time not to stay there. The Mango Inn was a few feet away  it was a nicer place  clean. Disappointed customer!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stressful Trip My sister and I wanted to go on vacation to relieve stress before starting school. Instead, we had a more stressful time staying at this Inn! This place is dirty and has spiders, ants and lizards roaming around. We wanted to leave when we saw our room, but because we had a package deal, we weren't able to. However, some rooms are better than others, and you can ask to be given another room. For breakfast, they provide plain bread (i think it's old) and watered down Tang. Watch out for bugs in the ice. The pool water is swampy green and there are bugs and debris floating around. It feels like a swamp, and you seriously feel like an alligator is lurking in the water. The location is not that great either because you have to cross a small bridge to get to the beach. The side of the beach near the inn is dirty, isolated and full of pigeons. you have to walk about a mile or two to get to the nicer side of the beach which is near the major hotels. If you are trying to enjoy your vacation, i recommend you pay a little more to stay in a nicer place. But, if you just need a place to sleep at night, the Mango Inn is okay.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Last vacations This is the third time that I've stayed in this little guest house. The rooms are clean, some room spaces are perfect, but this last visit to the Mango Inn was not what I expected. I'm so dissapointed that I've encounterd some problems with my staying. I couldn't use the pool because it wasn't clean (the water was green and you couldn't see the pool's floor) and when I talked to the person in charge that day he told me that it was fine. I stayed 6 days and 5 nights and none of them I used the pool. My first night they assigned me a room that was too small, so small that the tv was in the closet, so I didn't have space to organize my wardrobe. The next day I requested another room and the person in charge (the same that I talked to about the pool) told me that I had to pay $5.00 extra for every night. I had no problem with it, but today as I checked out from the hotel, the additional bill was for $46.00 for the room change. There was no way I could fix this situation because the person that I talked to wasn't available today. I'm very dissapointed because I recommend this hotel to some friends, but now I can be sure that I'll never stay here again because this vacation wasn't relaxing and nice as I thought it would be at the Mango Inn. They should value the customers request and take under consideration a returning guest and a long staying one. I loved staying here, that's why I returned 3 times, but from now on I'll stay in another place because I really didn't like this situations and the way they were managed.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE They are complete cheats. I made a reservation for one night and they made a mistake and made the reservation for the wrong night. When I went to check in, they said they didn't have a resevation for me. I had to go find another hotel for the night. The worst is that they still charged my credit card. I tried talking to the manager but he keeps hanging up on me everytime he hears my voice. TOTAL CHEATS!!!!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great, clean place to stay. friendly staff. i arrived in puerto rico april 22 not sure of what the standard of living would be. i took a chance with the green isle inn after reading reviews here.let me tell you, the place doesnt look real fancy on the outside, but the room i stayed in (room 107) was absolutely clean. the a/c was cold. staff real friendly. and the location is good. close to the airport and san juan.i recommend staying here if youre looking for a nice, clean hotel to stay while youre out and about in puerto rico.the only bad note..theres a lack of hot water. theres warm water, but not hot for showers.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>enjoy the stayed at isle verde when i got there i was a little pulled back due to the area but when i got to main entrance i was suprise ioty was pretty nice the room was okay but it smell like a smoker i went to the front desk and explain that the room was not something i was happy with and they clean a/c vent and still accomdate me to a mini suite at no extra cost i was happy with the suite and my stay was comfortable i had a great experience and soothe travel will go back  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peter_UA
<Content>The Pits Stayed here in Jan 04 for 1 night as it was the best priced hotel on the Internet in the Isla Verde area.My room was like a prison cell, in that there were no windows and the door was a solid steel block.The pool was crumbling and everthing else was run-down.Stay here if you must, but I won't be doing so again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrific I had booked a room for 3 days this past February, and after reading some of the reviews here, I cancelled it. Thank goodness because when I saw it as I drove by on the highway, it looked pretty terrible. I should have been better about writing down all of the cancellation info, because a month later, they charged me for the room I didn't even stay in, and refuse to refund my money. Don't stay there - save yourself a headache. There are plenty of other affordable places to stay in San Juan without having to experience the unprofessionalism of this awful place.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jokerji
<Content>Don't even think about it !!Don't even think about this place!!I was confused about the mixed reviews I got for hotels in PR and I saw hotel websites like the ones for Green Isle and liked it.To be safe, esp. in a Spanish country, I paid a little extra and stayed in Howard Johnson and boy was I happy. I could see Green Isle from my window everyday and I laughed at it.It is a piece of crap from outside. I can't tell you about how it is inside, but looking at the outside, I wouldn't even think of going there with my spouse. It's an absolute dump and there is a BIG dumpster in front of the hotel and stray dogs and bums loitering around the place.It is also not near the beach like the website claims. You have to go up the freeway and walk across Isla Verde. The beach was right across HoJo and was pretty peaceful.Again, you pay for the price. I paid more than double what Green Isle charges, but it was well worth it.I wouldn't stay in this hotel. It was actually worse than my worst nightmare.....  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a lil better than i expected I've read the reviews before i went to Mango Inn, was there for spring break with one of my friend. It was the cheapest hotel around that was available. After reading the reviews, i was prepared for the worse, brought my own towels, bedsheets, candles, radio, etc.. The light was kinda dark, the water pressure was bad, but it was an ok hotel for a good bargain.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TCHOW
<Content>Hated it! I will not run on and on, but will say that I am not very hard to please when it comes to traveling and hotels. However, this place is basically a dump. I guess the rooms were not so bad except for the fact that construction and other guests and oh yes the staff are extremely noisy and rude. Customer service is not in the vocabulary of the staff. Situated in a war zone and 15 mins walking over an expressway and through the alleys to the beach. Just do yourself a favor. If you really need a place to stay this place will do, but if you are trying to save a ferw bucks you would be better off just spending the money and staying elsewhere. FEB 2004  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This was the WORST hotel I have ever been to! This hotel was not only the worst hotel near the strip, but not for anyone who is looking for a bargin. The experience that I had was beyond comprehension. I do not advise this hotel to ANYONE! Except the locals that are looking for a quicky place to have a good time. The rooms were dirty, the bathrooms were unsanitary; the kitchenette was not to be used (not even for boiling water) and the safty of this establishment is at an all time low! I warn anyone...DO NOT BOOK HERE FOR ANY REASON!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tolerable for one night, but no place to spend a vacation Other than proximity to the airport, this place does not have anything to reccommend it. It is reasonably close to the San Juan International Airport and so if you arrive late at night, as we did, and have just picked up your rental car and just need a place to sleep before you leave San Juan for the better destinations on the island, you could do worse. If San Juan is your only destination, don't spend your whole vacation in this neighborhood - it's not that convenient and it's pretty dreary - stay in Old San Juan, or if those prices are out of your reach, stay in Condado. The bars on the door to the office of the Green Isle Inn and the locked gate you have to go through to get to your room are a little off-putting, but you will soon get used to those in Puerto Rico. Although the room was a little dog-eared, it was reasonably clean, and it did have a window air conditioner that worked and was reasonably quiet. The door to the room did not close completely, but entry to the sleeping room was through a Florida room of sorts that contained a full-sized kitchen, and the door to the outside from that room did close and lock. The most minimal of continental breakfasts was included in the morning. One small coffee maker was set out by the pool with cups the size of kiddee cups (4 oz. maybe?) and the staff was less then diligent about making more coffee when it ran out. No supplies were in evidence so that you could, in desperation, make more coffee yourself if the pot was empty. There were also some pre-packaged sweet rolls available. We did not know that the room included breakfast of any sort, so it was not that much of a disappointment, but we met with other guests who came looking for the promised continental breakfast and were clearly disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would stay again! After getting snowed in we left the Marriot and headed for something cheaper. Worth the money - Didnt find the area dangerous at all - felt very conformtable walking to nearby areas. Little kitchenette with everything working. Go there expecting value for the dollar not a 5 star hotel and you'll be satisfied!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrific Awful. The t.v reception was awful and you had to stick a pen into the t.v. to turn it on b/c the power button was missing, the bathroom had no shower curtain and the faucet in the bathroom sink lifted up as you turned it on. The room was never cleaned to satifaction and I swear there were bugs in my bed according to the bites I had in the morning. Save your money!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well, if you want to be locked up in a room we had reservations for 5 nights, but bailed out after 3. We were given a room in an annexe that was outside the lobby. The only access is thru a door from the street. One morning, one of the hotel guests parked his car too close, locking us up. There was no phone in the room to call the front desk. Eventually, they opened up the laundry room to get to the main lobby. Soon that was locked up as well and we were stuck. I had read the reviews here and never mentioned about it to my significant other. She noticed hair on the linens. The towels were dirty. The bathrooms were fine. The TV reception was ok, not great. The room had some cupboards that had no doors ,since they were partly ripped off. The closet had no hangars. The breakfast is just bread you can toss into a toaster. There is butter/jelly. There is some watered down orange juice and coffee. No phones in rooms. The refrigerator/microwave is in a common area. They can cut the breakfast and spend the money in changing the room decor and sanitation a bit.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Upon our arrival we were told that the nightly rate was higher than what we had agreed whenmaking our reservation. The clerk claims it was an error. We had to change rooms after one day because we had no water pressure. Rooms have no closets. I really would not have minded that considering the price; however, our room had roaches, hotel was dirty and the pool was green for the first 4 days we were there. The police were called twice when guests asked for their money back because they were disappointed. When I arrived home, I discoverd I brought back a souvenir - a tiny roach. Yuck!!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fair deal for a decent place. After reading the various past reviews, I began to wonder if my reservation at the Mango was a mistake. I decided to give it a try and see if things were really as bad as the other reviewers had made this place sound. Well, I was on a one week business trip by myself and I stayed the whole week at the Mango. It's no fancy place, but it was clean and the maid came every day (unless I stayed in so late that she couldn't come in). I saw no rats. I saw nothing that would make me scamper out. Yeah, the position of the toilet in my room was a bit odd. No carpetting on the floor, and the reception on the TV was poor. It's no Hilton, but wasn't there with a date/girlfriend/wife I was trying to impress. If you are on a budget--even if you are travelling with a significant other (that isn't a princess in her demands)--then the Mango Inn is fine for sleeping the night away safely and reasonably comfortably. I even walked the neighborhood at night without any problems. Restaurants are nearby, just a short walk over the bridge that crosses the freeway.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>House of Horror Stay away!!!! After a wonderful stay in Puerto Rico, my last three days where booked at the Mango Inn, My girlfriend and I arrived around 9 P.M. It took the clerk on duty almost 40 minutes to check us in, and that was with me doing the math, and helping her with the paperwork. After getting the key to our room, we were told that the room was outside the hotel thru a door that had a broken lock. Arriving at our room, we found no hot water( for both days) The door had a opening at the bottom that was about 3 inches wide. The sink leaked the whole time, the toilet flushed when it felt like it. There were ants all over the place. On the second night while coming back in from a nice dinner, my girlfirend almost had a heart attack when she open the door and there was a rat on the bed. No closets, no remotes for the TV. Having traveled all over the world, I have never stayed at a more discusting place in my life. I can recommend some great little inns in Puerto Rico, but this one should be demolished and a parking lot put in it's place.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Truth about the Mango Inn We were a group of 4 and after our cruise we decided to say in this hotel for the night before our flight back to the states. We paid $130 for the night and we staid on a 2 bedroom 1 bathroom apartment. We thought it was a great deal so we took it. I tell you it was pretty horrible, it turns out that there was no phone on that apartment so we had to go to a public phone. We gave that a try but it was a pain having to go to the payphone every single time. Finally we went and complained and asked to be changed to a room we a phone line among other things. The managing staff then connected a phone in one of the rooms (even though they had previously said there wasnt a working line there), since the phone was install in one room we had to all take turns, which meant that there wasnt any privacy for the couple that was staying there (annoying). And to top it off they had the rudeness to charge you .80 cents a call, even if it was a 1-800 free of charge call. In addition the kitchen was pretty filthy and there werent any utensils also the air-conditioning in one of the rooms liking as well so you had to be careful that you didnt slip. I can go on forever, but I hope this helps you in your search.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Rate This place is so disgusting that I actually never checked in. Prior to check-in, we were led to our room and it was a horror! No closets, or dressers, the lock was on the nob, our room would have been on street level and the door had a good 6 inches from the ground. Filthy and full of ants. I would imagine at night you would probably get large bugs and even huge lizards and rats crawl in your room. We would have had to carry our luggage everywhere, had we stayed here. This place is a disgusting - RAT HOLE and I would not recommend it to my worst enemy. This would not be a relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEWARE!!!!!! Spare yourself your sanity and money! ANYWHERE in Puerto Rico is better than the Green Isle. The staff tries to appear friendly and accomodating but they are anything but. If you encounter a problem, they NEVER get around to fixing anything. They just smile and take your money!! If you choose so unwisely to stay there, be warned that you risk a toilet that won't flush, no hot water, no air-conditioning, no lock on the door, or as my spouse and I discovered, a door that wouldn't let us OUT AND A NON-WORKING TELEPHONE. (We were stuck in our room (on a 98degree day with a non-working air-conditioner) for greater than 3 hours banging on the walls and doing eveything we could to get someone's attention). And if you would decide to check out a few days short of your reservation end time(as we did because our party which had reserved several rooms for a 5-day stay, did as we encountered ALL these problems and we moved to the Mariott down the road), they will continue to charge your credit card for the days you didn't stay!! Then you enter into a credit card dispute with your holder that (at this time)is still going on almost a year later. In addition, the establishment does NOT have a restaurant nor a bar as they advertise. At the pool side(very small) they have a covered formica free standing bar with an ice machine. There is no service. Period. None. DONT give this place a second thought. It's a place for losers and those who are too drunk to care (which is who most of the clientele were).  
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>horrible As soon a we looked at the room, we turned around and refused to stay! It was that bad. The guy at the desk said it would be no problem, we wouldnt be charged, but of course we were. He said he voided the transaction but it appeared on the credit card. I have been calling them ever since, (2 months) trying to get it straightened out. Don't even bother with this hotel. There is a reason its so cheap, and it looks like you wouldnt get out alive!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holylola
<Content>STAY HERE AGAIN!!!  They have really improved themselves since the last review was written. I would definately stay here again. Everything was great, the rooms were nice and clean, and the service was excellent. The restaurant also served great food. Would stay here again.   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Here's a TIP... They say you get what you pay for. Not always. It isn't so in case of Ritz Carlton in San Juan and many other places. In the case of the good old Mango Inn, it rings true. You just cannot expect The Four Seasons quality (now that's a perfect hotel) when you're paying $65 a night. The hotel is indeed worth that much. It's a semi clean (we found a big roach crawling in our shower), quiet hotel, 15 minutes away from the beach. Ours had the standard things, such as t.v, clean sheets every morning, fresh towels. We made love every night and seemed to forgot that the place really wasn't that special.TIP: stay at the Mango if you're on the budget, walk across the street to the big chain hotels and use their pools, restaurants and casinos. Soak your tourist butt in their hot tubs (Wyndham has a few, they're located in a beautiful garden) and dance, drink the nights away. As for Old San Juan, yeah...it's not Paris but it has its charm. Beware of the crime in the city, don't venture out at night, especially alone.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No no, Don't go!!! I almost went but read the reviews and was spared. But, while in Isla Verde I rode past these dumps and realized that I had almost stayed there and went and took a look. These are run down hotels on an 8 lane highway mixed in with a bunch of body shops and other commercial businesses. The sound and exhaust fumes will depress you if the visuals don't. You have to cross over the highway and find a public entrance to the beach in order to get to the sea. It's also not a safe area. Save yourself a lot of trouble  go elsewhere. The Hosteria del Mar and The Wind Chimes have nice accomodations at the same price.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place for Less Money For $55.00 a night, you can't cask for more. If I let myself, go by the reviews I would've probably have never stayed in The Mango Inn. The neighborhood is very safe and quiet. The outside appearance is more of a guest house. The room that we got was very comfortable. We asked for one double bed, and there was an extra twin bed for the same price. The bed was very comfortable and clean, also the bathroom was clean with hot and cold water. Air Conditioning was perfect, and enough closet space. The only thing that I highly recommend are Do Not Disturb signs for the doors. The maid was knocking at the door at 9:00am, and we wanted to rest longer. Staff was courteous and friendly. Also, they have vending machines (juices, sodas, and snacks)...there's a microwave in the lobby. The pool is small, but good enough. It is very well located, with food stores and shops around the vecinity. There's parking available right in front of the Mango Inn. Late at night it's hard to get a spot, since they have limited parking space. In my opinion we had a great time, for a good price, and we are planning to go back soon. If you are on a budget, The Mango Inn is one of the places to stay.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Left after 1 night I lasted one night - the room was tiny, barely lit, musty and just unbearable. Traveling on a student budget I didn't want to splurge too much and thought Mango would be decent - I ended up at the Green Isle inn next door which was MUCH better and only a few bucks cheaper  
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place It was a nice place to stay. The bathroom needed cleaning, but hey! I did it. You can't ask for a 5 star hotel service. It was a confortable room and I enjoyed it.  
<Date>May 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sketchy We went there and checked out asap... it is a bad neibourhood...perhaps acceptable if you go in large groups but otherwise... nah  
<Date>May 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad at all After reading some bad reviews I thought this place was going to be a a bit grubby, but its actually quite nice, clean, near the beach and the room was cleaned every morning. We had two tvs, kitchen, AC and lots of space...the only negative thing id say was that the shower was a but weak, but apart form that, its great value.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Go! Do not let the price of this (Hotel?) fool you. Upon buying and confirming our reservations via a Hotel search sight, and also confirming our two rooms directly with the Hotel, we were the losers. We had a confirmed late arrival because our flight got in around midnight. After spending $40.00 between two families for our Cab ride there we were told they had no rooms for us, dispite the fact that they had charged our Credit Card for the two rooms that very day. As a result our two families (including 4 children and 20 pieces of luggage for a cruise) were literaly walking very dangerous streets looking for rooms. Eventually we did find a Hotel available at well more than twice the Green Isle Inns rate at about 3 o-clock in the morning. This Hotel SO BLATANTLY MISREPRESENTED itself and was absolutly no help in rectifing it's problem that I am in the proccess of taking legal action!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a cute place I was just there last week on Spring Break, even though I only stayed for one night, I thought it was pretty nice. We booked for only 1 double bed but got 2- we weren't complaining. The bathroom was small, and the water pressure was not great, but it was clean. The bed squeked but still comfy. The AC was good, the pool is small but at least they have one. It was pretty quiet and the neighborhood was not bad. It was close to everything. After one night, we stayed at Hotel Del Central and even though the room was nicer, it was in the 4th floor OF A HOSPITAL! Now, I wanted to go back to Mango Inn. Don't ever stay here, they dont even inform you that its in the hospital. So yeah, Mango Inn gets a thumbs up. Besides, it was cheap.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Frightening I booked 2 rooms at Casa Mathiesen in San Juan for nights in March of 2003. I had been looking for a relatively cheap hotel and I definitely found it. I have stayed at many hotels all over the world and never been as disappointed as I was with Casa Mathiesen. They have phones in the rooms, but you have to leave a deposit at the front desk (which is a block away at the Green Isle Inn) in order to call even the front desk!! The photos on their web-site are nice, but they were not taken at this hotel, at least not in the past 30 years. My bathroom had a shower in the corner with no curtain or even any sort of ridge to contain the water. I could be taking a shower and pee into the toilet at the same time. By the time I was done with my shower, the entire bathroom was drenched. I was there for 2 days and never found the promised second pool. . .perhaps it was in the middle of the cemetary next door. Please don't be fooled by the apparent low cost, the lesson in Puerto Rico is that you get what you pay for. Good luck.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I see what's going on here I gave the Mango Inn a neutral rating, because I haven't been there yet, but have a reservation. I read the reviews and see what's going on. As some reviewers pointed out, if you pay the lowest price, you don't expect the highest quality. I've stayed at a place in Ensenada with no toilet paper or soap. I chose it because in was the cheapest. If I wanted toilet paper, I should have stayed at the place next door and paid $5 more. I've stayed at the Downtown L.A. Bilmore. Got tired of 20 staffers standing around with their hands folded, saying, Good Morning, Sir. I'm going to do what I've done before. In fact, once I stayed at some gay hotel in Condado, paid the gay premium, and was up all night, because the thumping of the bass in the disco below prevented us from getting any sleep. In the morning we moved across the street, paid even less, no gay premium, and were quite comfortable among the straight clientele. It's not really a good example, because we went from more expensive to cheaper, but it's an illustration that, unless you do something stupid like prepay the whole stay, you can move. And being there, you can check out some other places in a cluster of hotels like in Condado Beach and Isla Verde. Here's what we're gonna do. By the way, I'm with the same great guy with whom I went to Condado in 1980. San Juan is our honeymoon and second honeymoon choice. We're gonna go to The Mango. Pay for one night. I'm less likely to hate it than the other beer price/champagne taste guests. I know what to expect. It's what I chose. If I decide to pay more, from what I see PLENTY more, we'll spend a couple hours checking out some other places the next morning, and move, probably paying two or three times as much. Since we've got a rental car and will be out all day, maybe we'll be satisfied to sleep there. In our early days we had a tiny apartment, and our parents slept on a wall bed in the living room. We're flexible, not hard to please. If there's no toilet paper, we'll ask for it the Mango Inn. The charm is that you can always move. If you want the cheapest place, that's the Mango Inn, and that's where we'll stay, at least for starters.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A horrible shack... don't waste your money!!!! My boyfriend and I went there for the first time and it is the most horrible thing on earth. Before we were even dropped off the taxi driver told us the area is very very dangerous at night. He said there were drugs and shootings there at night. He advised us to go to another tourist resort like the Ritz or Marriott. We actually arrived and went back home the same day because this place looked like a five year old built it. Very dark and looked like a pawn shop. There is graffitti all around the neighborhood. I highly do not recommend it. Pay the extra few bucks to stay at a real hotel. I have to go back there again and erase this out of my memory. The photo of the room looked nice online but there were no photos of the outside because it looked like the ghetto. Really !!! DO NOT GO THERE!!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Labeep
<Content>A nightmare A nightmare. Bad neighborhood. The room wasn't a room but almost a brooms closet, right there in the lobby. Staff rude and unfriendly. We left the second day, because they didn;t have water, and when it came back next day, they didn't have hot water. We came back from the beach and we couldn't take a shower, and when I went to ask what happened. the man there wouldn't even look at me, he dismissed me saying they are fixing it. They wouldn't tell the arriving new guests about this. They told us they would give us back the money for the 2 nights we didn't spend, since in that moment the computer was down. 10 days later and no refund yet, nor answer to my messages. DON'T GO  
<Date>Jan 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for   showReview(837857, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ann/REka's Second Honeymoon   showReview(813301, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again   showReview(756119, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not bad   showReview(724316, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just not worth it   showReview(712426, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>superHP
<Content>The Grimy Mango   showReview(693697, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Clean and comfortable   showReview(604929, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good but some works need to be done   showReview(565757, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>One night was enough   showReview(470667, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Once was too many.   showReview(428781, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>patuayo
<Content>Fue todo una decepci贸n   showReview(19011572, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	5	5	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nie wieder   showReview(11435827, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Niamar
<Content>Me gusto mucho   showReview(6809732, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Praktisch und gut gelegen   showReview(11358809, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

