<Author>BuccaneerDave
<Content>Great Suites We really enjoyed our stay in the suites at the Banys Oriental. The suite we had was spacious, quiet and clean. The bathroom was excellent as were the beds. The room amenities (free water, great bathroom kits) were excellent. Admittedly we knew that the suites were not connected to the hotel otherwise that would have been a bit of a problem for us as it appears to have been for other reviewers. You do feel a bit disconnected to the hotel however the advantage is you get to enjoy a hotel style apartment in a quieter area of El Born.We would most definitely return however might try the rooms in the main hotel next time.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>BootsUK
<Content>Excellent location We stayed in the hotel for a family wedding taking place nearby and it was ideal because of the location. Located centrally in the centre everything is on hand.The areaEl Born district is really nice with lots of lovely tapas bars within a stones throw away. Very close to the marina and beach too.Nearby is a cafe / bistro called Milkat 21 Gignas (www.milkbarcelona.com) which is great for brunchIf you come out of the hotel and turn left I'd recommend the tapas bars there (eaten in them several times) and a bit further up take a right and there is a bar called La Luna which is a good place to visit.I would make one note of warning, this is a touristy area and late at night the atmosphere changes (after the tapas bars shut)-don't go walking around on your own as there are a lot of unfriendly characters about. Also beware of carrying too many valuables with you. We enjoyed sitting out in the tapas bars on the friday night around midnight but the next evening we were still out post wedding at 1 / 2 am ish and it was quite a different storyThe hotelThe staff were all really friendly and helpful during our stay and couldn't have done more for us. The rooms were nice but very modern. This was fine for us but if you don't like chic modern this isn't the place for you.The suits are of a generous size and located in a building a couple of doors down (something to be aware of if you have children).Our room was very spacious but some of the other family members rooms were not as big. The beds are the same size in all the rooms (very large about 6ft) which is great but the size of the bathroom varies and not all have baths. However this wasn't a problem for us as we didn't want to spend much time in the room.If your room doesn't have a fridge then there are some located in the hallways with free still and sparkling water which is really handy and a nice touch.I've been to Barcelona several times and would highly recommend it as a city to visit. Its easy to get around, there is lots to do and see and its a vibrant place.Agua on the beach front, near the Port Olympia, by Hotel Arts is a lovely restaurant (booking recommended). In a nutshellExcellent value, I'd stay again. Nicely designed hotel in the Born district, in the old town. Get鈥檚 booked up quickly  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>stretgang
<Content>Beware of Hotels in Great Locations I wanted to love the Hotel Banys Oriental because it got such great reviews here on Tripadvisor BUT my stay was almost a complete disaster. The desk staff is not knowledgeable about the city, beyond sending you to the sightseeing bus and directing you towards La Rambla. Everything else is as though they lived elsewhere. It's very true that the hotel is centrally located and that is by far the best thing one can say about it. The room we had was small with only a small kitchen type chair to sit on if you used the other one chair to open your luggage on. This is totally forgivable in my mind but my wife has a back issue and found the room very uncomfortable.The worst and most grevious offense was that we had a 6:30 AM flight and wanted a taxi for 5:00 Am so we requested a wake-up call for 4:15 AM The desk called at 5:00 when the cab driver got there and reminded them he was to carry us to the airport. It was a miracle we made it or our connections, hotel and plans for the rest of our trip would have been spoiled, not to mention we would have had to stay in Banys another night when they were admittedly completely booked.T  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	5	3	1	3	

<Author>kezzah8
<Content>Chic Haven in El Born Having had a really bad experience staying in a prison-like hostel for our first couple of days in Barcelona, myself and my friend were looking for somewhere we would feel welcome and where we could relax after a hard day's touristing/partying! The Hotel Banys Oriental fulfilled all our needs, ticking all the boxes and more!!We were allocated one of the suites in the annexed building. We had reservations about being based away from the main hotel at first but these were unfounded. We were delighted with our chic, well-designed spacious suite with a balcony overlooking the pedestrianised street below us, and a mezzanine with comfy sofa. The decor was modern yet understated and elements of the original Gothic architecture had been retained which made this a unique hotel experience.I think what made our stay in the Hotel Banys so good was the fact that we were made to feel like we were being looked-after which was in stark contrast to our stay at the Hostal Fontanella just a short distance away (see my review under the title Control Freaks!). ALL the staff were SUPER helpful and friendly and were more than willing to make our stay the best it could possibly be. We thought the cost of the suite at 135euros was great value for the standard of decor and service we received. The added extras of free water in the fridge, a bowl of fruit and free internet access were just some of the details that made our stay in the Hotel Banys a memorable one. I've been telling all my friends about this gem of a boutique hotel!! GO THERE!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>docframe
<Content>Don't stay in the suites! Having stayed at this hotel some years ago after it has only recently opened, we were disappointed that expansion to make available suites in properties in the vicinity have been at expense of the high standards of service and accomodation previously experienced and which the primary motivating reason in booking.Our stay didn't get off to the best of starts as despite emailing our arrival time after their specific request, the room was not ready. We were told to return in 1h only to be told that again the room was not ready and that we should return in another hour!Our suite was in another building not far from the hotel but one had a definite sense that these had been rushed to completion. The shower was unable to provide reasonable pressure and temperature and after an unsuccesfull attempt to correct the problem, I was told that someone might be able to look at it on the 3rd day of or stay on a long weekend. As they had no alternative accomodation in the main hotel, I offered to pay for our single nightof stay but was shocked to hear that they wanted to charge me 2 nights stay at 4pm in the afternoon despite our original delay in checking in. After pressing to speak to the manager (not on site), we were offered a suite in another building next to the hotel, which was certainly more satisfactory, although, shower pressures and temperatures left much to be desired. Our impression was not helped by the stench of drains in the new suite and the fact that condensation dripped down from the air conditioning unit even when set to 22 deg. This problem was clearly known to the hotel as we advised to not set below this level - but clearly, even this was not a solution.Only 2 keys are provided, even when 3 people are staying in the property - which poses significant problems for independent leaving and entering the appartment, not to mention fire regulations as a key is required to open the locked door on the inside toleave the property!I certainly would not recommend staying in any of the suites in this hotel and I hope that the proprietors address the obvious problems with their annexed accomodation as the hotel accomodation itself was exceptional for the money/location the last time we stayed.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>The_Paying_Punter
<Content>Cool style in the old town The Banys Oriental is in the (old town) Ribera district of Barcelona and is very handy for the Picasso Museum and the other museums that occupy that street. It is also easy walking distance from the Ramblas.The hotel is not huge and is a refurbished old building decorated in a cool, calm and modern style with a confident touch. The room we had was a double and was adequately-sized but maybe just a touch on the cramped side to get round due to the large size of the beds.There is one small elevator serving all guest on all floors, so sometimes it can take a while to reach you.Nice touches were the big glass refrigerators on every floor, stocked with (free) chilled bottles of water, alongside big bowls of fruit.The attached restaurant is very good indeed and is popular and has a good reputation with non-guests as well.The big attraction of this hotel for me was the location on a traffic-free street in the heart of Ribera which meant that most places we wanted to go were within walking distance, Also, everything worked and it was calm, comfortable and stress-free.Would I go again? ... yes, very probably.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lienheuvel
<Content>great hotel !!! Stayed at shis hotel for 3 nightsVery nice helpfull staf and very friendly.Very clean room and big shower nice airco and plasma tv .safe in the room and bottles of drinkwater in de corridor for guests for free!!!!!I will come here again for sure .Location perfect 10 minutes walk to beach barcelonetta and 10 minutes walk to ramblas.Very nice church santa maria in street at sundayevening nice mas en impressing church if you like you can go there.I wiil recommend this hotel to everyone who wants a mix of old barcelona in a modern ambiance with lots of eating places bars shops and culture with the picasso museum on the corner !!!!!Very relaxed ambiance .  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roadtrip2005
<Content>superb hotel great little hotel in a superb area.you do get some noise from the street, but not much and we actually like the noise.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MR9922
<Content>Would definitely recommend this hotel We were recommended this hotel by a friend and booked through the hotel directly. The hotel is in an ideal location and within walking distance of the beach and La Rambla and Placa Catalanya where we caught the Bus Touristic. The welcome pack in the bathroom of the hotel is a nice touch, as are the complimentary bottles of water on each floor which you can help yourself to each day. It is a little noisy and the bathroom is like a sauna however these 2 negatives are totally outweighed by the location, clean and comfortable rooms which are well decorated and furnished, complimentary water, welcome pack, free internet access and directly above a superb restaurant (Senyor Parellada). The Santa Maria church and square are a stone's throw from the hotel. The square has a good wine bar called La Vinya del Senyor where you can sit outside in the square and watch the world go by with a glass or bottle of whatever your heart desires from a huge wine list. There are small restaurants and a bar (Buba) next door which are all worth a visit. If you walk round from the square in the direction of the zoo you'll find a boulevard which comes alive after 11pm with local bars - well worth a visit if you like to keep away from the tourist bars.Avoid the acclaimed restaurant called Los Caracoles - we had a terrible meal there which was very expensive. The paella was inedible and the bread rolls were stale. It was such a disappointment after having queued for a table. On a different night we also queued for La Fonda which is just a long the street from Los Caracoles. The meal was excellent and really good value for money - well worth queuing for. Sightseeing Tips: Casa Batllo is well worth a visit if you like to do something different indoors. Avoid the Vasquez part of the Picasso Museum as it is mind numbinging rubbish. Make a visit to Park Guell as a stop on the Bus Touristic route. Don't pay to enter the Sagrada Familia. The inside of the beautiful cathedral is literally a building site with nothing to see other than a queue of people waiting 90 minutes to get the lift to the top of one of the spires. The outside is breathtaking. The view from Park Guell is free and is just as lovely. The boating lake in the park next to the zoo is a good place to sit and soak up the sun.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MariaVancouverBC
<Content>Cheap and Chic Great location in regards to being able to walk eveywhere. If you are driving, insist on the hotel sending you instructions/map on where to park- its all one way streets or inaccessible streets and you will spend a lot of time trying to figure out the jumble of old streets just to get to the hotel. Took way too long to find in a car .For the price, the rooms are nice, a bit on the small side. No room service or mini bar and no bathtub, but nice furniture and bath kits in the room. Staff a bit inconsistent- some nice, some not so. Free internet was nice. Clean and modern, hard to find a better deal for the price.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	2	4	

<Author>truprunbike
<Content>Great Value for Location Stayed here May 24-26th, and i cant believe how inexpensive it is compared to everything else around. It is about a 5 minute walk to the Barcelona Cathedral, Picasso Musuem, or Las Ramblas. So its right in the middle of everything, The hotel lobby is on a fairly busy street/walkway with lots of shops and vendors everywhere. We stayed in a suite which is not conected to the lobby. It is about a 2 minute walk down the street next to Santa Maria Del Mar Cathedral. The suites are in an apartment bulding and the only bad thing is that there is no door man. I felt safe walking home at 3am, but i could see that some people might not. as it is down an alley a few steps The good thing about the suites, is that they are not on the main walkway, so they are pretty quit. The suites were huge with 2 rooms and a good size bathroom. The rooms came with a fridge and free water and fruit. They had no english TV stations however. The rooms had hardware floors and you are provided slippers, and the rooms are decorated very nice and simple. If this hotel made the lobby a little fancier, and maybe put a doorman at the suite building, it could easily charge 2x as much which is what all teh other hotels in the area charge.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Family-C-L
<Content>Great location, great hotel but noisy!       street where hotel is located  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>schnauzie
<Content>A chic hotel We stayed 3 nights in this hotel in El Born on 20April to 23 april. The hotel looks v chic and matches what is shown on the website. The room is not v big but we love what is provided. We have unlimited supply of water (still as well as sparkling) at a fridge by the lift, 2 computer terminals with free internet access, amenty kit with comb, hairbrush, sanitary napkin, a bathing sponge, shampoo, bath gel and body lotion. There is also a manifying mirror in the toilet. There are english channels like CNN and BBC which is good for the non-spanish speaking like us. The restaurant which belongs to the hotel serves fantastic food! Before arriving at the hotel, i was quite worried after reading so much comments about the noise. while it is true that the el born area is bustling at night, our room was really quiet as it does not face the street. So if u want some peace and quiet, request for one with the hotel.Only thing i don't like so much is that the toilet is a little dark at night with only the ambient lighting illuminating the toilet.We love the place and will definitely recommend it to out friends.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Rachel8
<Content>Cheap Chic Although this hotel has had mixed reviews on tripadvisor, Lonely Planet and Rough Guide recommended it, so we thought that we would give it a go. The website made the hotel look very cool and we weren't disappointed when we arrived.The hotel had emailed us a few days earlier to check what time we were arriving, which we thought was good service and when we emailed them to check whether the rooms had hairdryers, they promptly replied. This impressed us even before we had arrived.On arrival the check in guy was polite, spoke english well and told us the hotel basics. The reception area looks smart and modern and this is the style of the entire hotel.On the first floor there are two computers for guests to use the internet - V handy! They also had a fridge giving unlimited free mineral water and there was a bowl of fresh apples in the corridor as well. All nice little touches that we weren't expecting.Our room was small but this did not bother us as we were on a city break and not planning to spending hours in there. It was very clean and modern. The bed was comfy and we always were able to get hot water in the bath room. To boot, it had the best hairdryer we have encountered in a hotel.The location was perfect. Just a very short walk from Jaume 1 (metro station), not much further to walk to Placa de Catalunya and Les Ramblas. In the same street and very close by were plenty of bars and restaurants. We particularly liked Taller de Tapas, a minutes walk from the hotel. Further away at Villa Ol铆mpica I would recommend Agua, a lovely restaurants with a terrace over looking the sea (booking is recommended here).The only downside to the hotel was the breakfast. Expensive at 10 euros each (plus 7% VAT), and it just wasn't great quality. There was plenty of choice but we did not like it. We ended up having breakfast at Taller de Tapas - great coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice and fab scrambled eggs with salmon, costing about 13 euros for both of us!People in previous reviews complained about the noise and it is true that it is a bit noisier than some hotels we have stayed in but only because it has wooden floors. The only noise we heard was from the odd suitcase being wheeled along and some early morning (say 7am) outside noise. Can't complain about the outside noise, as I was staying in a city. Anyway, it did not stop either of us from sleeping.Don't let some of the earlier reviews put you off. This is great, modern hotel in a fab location, in one of our favourite cities and at 99 euros a night, good values for what we got.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>andiuk
<Content>Lovely hotel great location We have just returned from 5 days in Barcelona. The hotel was great, staff were friendly and kept in communication right up to the departure date. Rooms were fairly large, bright and clean. Bathroom was large and well equipped but did lack any kind of ventilation so took a while for steam to clear after a shower. All guests can have free bottled water and fruit which are placed on the landings.Hotel location quite central so not far to restaurants. Easy to get to from airport via bus and a 15 mins walk, you can get a metro to the end of the street if you don't like the walk. If arriving late would suggest taxi as tourists seem to get targeted by pickpockets. Recommendations for where to eat would be Les Quinze Nits in Placa Reial, you have to queue but food is good and fairly cheap. For the best ice cream I have ever had there is Gelaaati on C/Llibreteria next to Jaume I metro station.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sayanes
<Content>good location but if you are lucky you should sleep The hotel has really good location.I could not sleep during the night due to terrible noises. fromthe street (it seemed that window was open) and the noise fromthe room close to you...i could listen all the things that the man close to my roomwas sayingThe decoration is nice...It was amazing that bed was without blanket..and we are in the winter..Some staff are really nice and another are quite unrude...but I think that the management should follow up this matter, specially with the south american lady..from the breakfast...really bad bad manners...it seemed that she was annoying to give you the breakfast.Summarize. really good location, it is nice...but the problem is the noise and not professional staff.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	3	2	4	

<Author>FritziN
<Content>chic but noisy The location is great. We were very excited to get a room here based on press and photos (and price). The place is very chic but the noise level in the room ruined everything. The shower was also smelly (mildew) which made the room smell, and the tile had been painted over! Our room was 3rd floor above the alley outside the restaurant kitchen so after the kitchen noise finally died down, the motorbikes started up. This is a common thing in Barcelona, becuase of the late nights and small alleys, unless you can find a hotel w/ dual glazed / modern windows. We switched to the Grand Hotel Centrale down the street and loved it. At that point I would have paid anything for a good nights sleep.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>ZiggyIreland
<Content>Loved it! This was a lovely hotel. great location, within walking distance to most of the major sights and close to an underground line. we stayed in one of the suites, very large, modern, airy room. staff very helpful. would definitely recommend!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Travelers_from_NYC
<Content>Reception doesn't understand English The man at the front desk every night has very poor comprehension of English and has the nerve to yell at guests for it! Usually I don't think service is critical, but you will when you need it.We arrived late and asked what restaurants were still open, but of course, the night receptionist didn't speak English.Then on a cold night, we couldn't turn off the a/c, but the guy didn't understand and started raising his voice at me. After I explained in rudimentary Spanish, he muttered Dios! and hung up.A hotel with international clientele should have staff that speaks English, the most commonly spoken language around the world. No wonder this place is only 2 star.And the suites are in a building without an elevator. Not fun to hike up 6 stories every day to your room.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>XelaHH
<Content>Nice but loud The Banys Orientals has many advantages: good location, highly affordable and well-decorated. The huge disadvantage: it's clairaudient. We stayed on the top floor and heard everything from the room besides us: The conversations of an elderly couple (word by word), the zipper of their baggage etc. And, probably most annoying of it all: The sound of the elevator. All night long. We have never stayed in a hotel that clairaudient. If you want to have some peace on your holidays, go somewhere else. If deaf: nice choice!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>mbricker
<Content>One of the best hotels we've ever stayed at If you can get a room at this place, book it! It is a great hotel that is simple, elegant, in a fabulous location, and is gorgeous. We had a cute little balcony that looked down and allyway and just thoroughly enjoyed our room and the area around it. It is one of the best kept secrets out there (at least when we were there, and I found it in a travel and leisure article). It is EXTREMELY affordable and easily competes with the most expensive hotels in barcelona. I would strongly encourage you to check it out, as it is close to las ramblas, gothic quarter, the gay district, and the beach. Check it out! There is also a great tapas restaurant right in front of the hotel you should try (I think it is a chain). Go HERE!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wandering_cloud
<Content>cool style We stayed at the Banys for 3 nights and were very pleased with the hotel. The rooms were not terribly huge, but big enough, and furnished very nicely. Cool, stylish design, a nice view from our 2nd story window to the pedestrian alley below with the Christmas market. Located very close to the old quarter of Barcelona, the hotel is walking distance from so many attractions - we walked down to the harbor, into the old city, all over the place! Breakfast at the hotel did cost extra, but was worth it overall - lots of choices. The free water in the fridge in the hallway was absolutely delicious and a refreshing surprise! Overall, we enjoyed our stay very much and would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>wonni
<Content>Good value! I would definetely recommend the hotel. It is in a central very good location near a lot of bars and restaurantes in the middle of the old city.The hotel is stylish and clean. Rooms are small but nice. Staff was helpful, complications with our booking confirmation were solved by them immediately.So just go for it ..you get good value for what you pay!!!Negative are only the thin walls, sometimes it was a bit noisy....but therefore you are in the center of town.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IanNon
<Content>Good central location... We stayed in this simplistic and modernly decorated hotel in central Barcelona. It was in a great district close to some Tapas bars and restaurants. The staff were very friendly and we couldn't fault anything. There is no room service, but you can help yourself to the free bottled water supplied in a fridge on each floor.I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doriano
<Content>rapport qualit茅 prix situation imbattable   showReview(15889744, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Sami_O_deA
<Content>Excelente Banys Oriental, sus suites!   showReview(8682465, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Sonietta73
<Content>Non male pero'........       esterno dell'hotel  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	1	4	5	

