<Author>KrisCroatia_Zagreb
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I have been to this hotel two years ago, and we both thought it was wonderful. Our room had a jacuzi, and a very nice balcony, overlooking the swiming pool and a very nice garden. Gardens are just amazing, very well kept, with abundance of coconut palm trees, you can even get a real coconut cut up, and enjoy coconut milk by the pool for free! The beach was lovely, although, beware that the sea is not too calm, and waves are prety strong-not suited for bad swimmers or kids, by my judgment. The beach is miles long, and you can enjoy long walkes on white soft sand, it is very safe, we did not feel threatened there. Hotel itself is a huge complex, and you can use the facilities of all the parts, but if you are not overly active, it is not necessary. The food was just amazing. They have a buffet for all the meals, and if you go all inclusive, there are snacks throughout all day. Drinks are also abundant, with many coctels to choose from. My only bad experience was with a maid, who did a wonderful job so we left her a tip every day. However, one day I left 50$ in my bag, in a purse which was put in closet (away from her sight, or where she had to clean), and when I returned the money was missing. It was my own fault that I did not use safe, but, my advice-put anything of value in the safe, or cary it with you, or you will loose it. It made me uncomfortable knowing that someone was searching through my things.All in all, it was a very relaxing holiday, in beautiful suroundings.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	2	4	

<Author>Cdn-sunseekers
<Content>Truly Amazing Spent 2 wonderful weeks at the end of October in the sun and ocean at the Grand Palladium Palace. We went down with another couple and none of us have any complaints. The hotel was great. We were in awe when we got there. We had Jr lofts and they were spacious and clean. As far as the food goes, well we never made it to an a-la-carte restaurant because we were impressed with the food at the buffets. There is something for everyone. The pool area and grounds were always kept clean and the flowers and palm trees are beautiful to look at. One thing we all agreed upon was how nice and friendly the staff was. We met some great people and had a blast. This was an excellent vacation and would recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pbinn310
<Content>Royal suites..very nice and quiet       room in royal suites section  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kimbo47
<Content>Perfect for family celebration We went as a party of 10 ranging in ages from 12 - 71 to celebrate my parents golden wedding anniversary. Everything went well from check-in to departing. We had 5 rooms in block 82 with sea views, perfect. We loved the look of the whirlpool baths in the rooms on the website, but tried it once and didn't fill it up enough and sprayed the room with water, be careful. I think most people would only use the bath once. One of the queries we had which I couldn't find an answer to on any website was how the toilets were situated and if you had another shower other than the one over the bath. There is a sliding door off of the bedroom which houses the toilet and a separate shower. The rooms were clean and spacious and the mini-bar refilled every day of coke, fanta and beer with plenty of water. We found the food to be good, we are also foodies and if we were expecting fine dining we would have chosen our hotel accordingly. It was as expected with plenty of choice for most tastes. The only problem we found was the breakfast in La Torres buffet was cold, we remedied this by having fresh eggs and toast or else putting things through the toaster. Service very friendly and helpful, it helps if you tip for attentive service in restaurants, bars and rooms, take plenty of single dollar bills. Pool clean and plenty of room and beds although we only used the pool in the palace. The beach restaurant was closed due to it being low season, this we found annoying as we had paid extra due to it being half-term in england. It did open for our last couple of days and felt we didnt miss out much by going to La Uva for snacks and lunch, in fact is was much nicer having lunch there. The beach was absolutely beautiful, great for swimming and walking. Plenty of beds, although my brother in law is an early riser and managed to get our beds in the same place every day so maybe it wouldn't have been so easy if he wasnt with us. People do save beds even though the hotel asks you not to. We started off using the train to get around as we thought the resort was much bigger than it actually is, in fact once we got our bearings the walk to the furthest point of the hotel away from us could only be 10 mins max. Do try all the restaurants and bars as they all vary slightly. At Hemmingways for example you could get a glass of Cava which you couldn't anywhere else. The spa was very nice and our 2 teenage girls loved the peace there, although for the last couple of days they couldn't get in as they had changed the policy to reservation only, if you do go enjoy the peace and the nicely padded beds. It did need more for teenagers in the evenings, the disco was mainly older people and the club only went up to age 12, our children were fine with us but I can imagine it would be a problem for some.All in all we had a great time and I would recommend this hotel for a relaxing beach holiday.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Enfjleo
<Content>Pretty beach, great service, poor to okay food We stayed in the Royal Junior suites section of the resort. The rooms were nice and roomy, however, not as pretty as the pictures. For example, there were thin cracks in the wall in the bathroom and the room overall was basically average. The good news is that the service was excellent. All employees were friendly and the reception staff was very helpful. We also really enjoyed the private beach area of the resort. It was very nice and we especially enjoyed the variety of chairs, the beach beds, and the views of the ocean. Overall, the grounds of the resort were very nice.The downside of the trip for us was the food. We are foodies and I would say are picky eaters. We favor a vegetarian and low fat diet, and finding food that we liked was sparse. Starting with the breakfast, the milk was whole fat and warm. The cereal was tasteless and mushy. Therefore, we basically ate eggs, pancakes, waffles and yogurt every day. Since we normally have a light breakfast consisting of low fat cereal, this type of food was too heavy. The only fruit we enjoyed was the pineapple. We did not like the cantelope and the watermelon was tasteless. Also, the juices mostly tasted like sugar water. The upside of the breakfast was the coffee, however, do not look for skim milk. Moving on to lunch. The variety was plentifull, however, in preferring a vegetarian diet, the only food we ate was salad (iceberg lettuce, cucumbers and black/green olives), cheese pizza which was very good, pasta, french fries, and chips and cheese, The highlight of the food was the desserts, they were very good. However, we typically eat a low fat diet, so as you can see, there was very little low fat eating on this trip. In regards to dinner, we went to 2 ala carte restaurants. The first nite we went to the seafood restaurant, and everything was very salty and was average. We also went to the Spanish restaurant, and it was again barely average. In general the seafood at the restaurants was not good. I expected more. The other nites we dined at the buffet, and more of the same food we had at lunch. For us, food was a necessity and we filled our stomach's, however, it was not enjoyable. I wish I could be more optimistic, but for us, we will not stay at this resort again due to the food. I will say that a few of the guests we spoke to said they liked it, however, they are meat eaters and may not be as picky. In closing, we found the Dominican Republic beaches beautiful, the service very good, however, the food was too big of an issue for us, therefore, we are going to stick to vacationing at the Bahama's or Mexico where the food is of higher quality. Good luck!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Beautyconsultant
<Content>Great Resort I do realize I'm writing this review late I went last year in May, but I have to say I loved this resort. We said VIP where we had our own private pool, swim up bar, and private beach. This section is for 18+ so if want to be away from the chaos I would totally recommend upgrading to that section. The resort is huge and involves walking unless you wait for thr trolley which we did most of the time. The food was very good we always found something we liked. Our favorite a la carte restaurant was the spain restaurant I would def recommend the steak it was great. As VIP you get unlimited reservations. We also ate at the mexican and japanese rest. and we both very good also they only restaurant that was alittle disppointing was the italian one. The service is amazing, all the employees work so hard to accommodate you and I tipped. Tips are suppose to be included but I still did and they appreciate it so much. The shows were pretty good and the club was very good they managed to get everyone up to dance so be prepared. the employees will grab you and dance with you. The drinks were good but once you tip them they make it extremely strong FYI. The beach was gorgeous we also went parasailing which was so much fun and I totally recommend it even if you are scared of heights because I am. You can see how beautiful the island really is. The only thing is I wouldnt recommend leaving the resort thats for sure! But the reason I loved this resort is there was no reason to leave we never got bored. We stayed for 8 days. We also got massages on the beach, I work in the spa industry so I have had many massages before but that was the best massage my boyfriend and I have ever had. Obviously this was a yr ago so I dont know if you'll get the same people or experience. But theres so much to do. You would like it. When I go back to punta cana I will probably try a different resort because there are so many. but I would recommend this place for anyone. If you are honeymoooners, couples or just all adults do the VIP. but the resort is great for families also.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Wazzy99
<Content>Beautiful, wonderful resort!       Swim up bar / main pool, early morning  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tallpaul99
<Content>Amazin! Hi, just got back off two amazin weeks staying in Punta Cana at the Grand Pallidium Palace Resort and Spa, i was there from teh 1st of sept to teh 15th and went with Thomsons. Firstly here is my first BIG tip, bring some small change for tipping (1 dollar bills) because this is a tipping country, the second your bag comes off that converbelt it begins. They whisk your bag off to your air conditioned bus (which is relief after stepping off to extreme heat) and being a kind sole tipped the guy $10 because i had nothing smaller, wont make that mistake again but at least i got a smileLeaving the airport, you notice at how much this country is in the 'developing' stage. Everywhere seems to have electricity but a lack of roads makes for an interesting journey. Travelling at unstricted speeds on roads with pot-holes the size of paddling pools filss you with frills and a sense of 'your going to die'. Take the in the enviroment around you beyond teh construction and roads to the untouch, beautiful surrondingsYou arrive at the hotel (you are 'recommended' to tip the driver) to a complimentry glass of 'unknown' which is very nice. After a short check-in at one of the three beautiful looking receptions, you are given your room card and are instructed to leave your bags and they will be delivered by 'safri' looking bell boys. This is where the place excells itself, we spent extra for a junior suite and we wheer not disappointed. Marble floors, jacuzzi, beautiful furniture, mini-bar, safe and two tvs (plenty of english channels and lots of movies), one for downstairs and one for upstairs where there was a very large king sized bed with seperate air-con.I will firstly confirm rumours from some of the other reviews, yes the safe does flash low battery ever so often but just try your 'own pre-set' code to open/close. Yes teh electricity does go off ever so often but they work extremely hard to ensure it returns. The towel boys do look miserable??? and there is teh major problem of sun lounge being taken as early as 5am but this didnt really affect us as it was the low season. Our mini-bar was filled evryday, where as others found it ever so often. Lastly we could enjoy al'cart everynight, there was not a limit of 5 times over teh two weeks but taht may be due to being low seasonThe weather was amazing although we did suffer two days of crazy tropical storms courtesy of hurrician Ike but apart from that we had 34C days and 31C nights, this place never goes cold. I did two trips, firstly the Manati Park, swimming with dolphins, after being warned by our thomson rep that this isnt a recommend trip it was the only way to swim with dolphins in our price range $85 per person to Thomsons $415 to ocean world! The experince with the dolphins was good, the dvd worked back home but the dolphins pen is extremly small. The park itself is alright, you get bothered alot to get money out of you but a nice surpise was that a park keeper took us around and took us actual into parrots and igunas cages which was amazing, so he deserved a nice tip! Second trip was on the monster safri trucks, booked through our hol rep for around $99 each, i wont spoil this for but its worth it, MAKE SURE YOU EAT, they supply plenty of alchol and non-alchol drinks and becareful of teh begging kids, one had a mobile!!!!! Overall the hotel is amazin, the beach is beautiful, the sea is warm and looks stunning. but i give you one caution, be careful, every1 who doesnt work for teh hotel wants your money, they allow some people onto teh complex and beaches trying to sell you excursions/trips and others to sell gifts, this gets annoying. Finnaly do not go to teh shops on teh beach, they will try to con you but i found that the prices on the hotel complex for gifts were actually cheaper???? so just be cautious! Enjoy your holiday and i know i will be revisting this amazing place.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sylntony
<Content>Amazing experience       The free scuba  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Beverleyeves
<Content>Great beach and location, terrible service The resort itself is beautiful. The beach is quite awesome and our room was of a very high standard and spotlessly clean. You could not fault cleanliness around the resort.Although there are a great variety of restaurants the food was extremely poor. My Mother and I were extremely ill during our stay, and for over a week after our return. After a couple of days I was scared to eat anything. Although the restaurants look clean you do not see food preparation areas - and most days you could see foods that had been recycled. All restaurants are enclosed and air conditioned. Personally I would like to be Al Fresco and enjoy the warm Carribean beeze and I felt it was a shame that there were no real beachfront restaurants in which to enjoy the sea view.When the winds picked up the beach was completely closed for safety. This subsequently lead to severe overcrowding around the pools and fights for sunbeds. Not what you would expect of a 5* resort. Management ignored our complaints and my 72 year old Mother was reduced to sitting on the ground by the pools for some days.Do not do the excursion out to Bacardi Island (do they call every island in the Carribean this!!) unless you enjoy hours on a coach with no toilets and no time at all on the island where you are told not to go more that about 100 metres away from where you land. There was no ATM in the resort - so our rep sent me off to a shanty town just on the edge of the resort. Do not go unaccompanied if you are female. I was hounded by manacing men and was too scared to withdraw money for fear of being mugged on teh way back.We booked with Thomson who totally dismissed all our complaints and swiftly removed my honest review from their website. I note Thomson website say customers rate this 10/10 but there are no reviews on there so where does the rating come from? I had no idea their reviews are doctored and they only publish good ones on their website.I would imagine there are much better resorts in this area. the only saving grace was the beach.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peter038
<Content>Not impressed... Grand Palladium Palace Just got back from a 7 nights package at Grand Palladium Palace Punta Cana on Aug. 29, 2008. We choose this resort, because in 2007 we stayed at G P Kantenah in Mexico and liked very much the resort and services.I don鈥檛 want to give a bad review to G P in Dominican Republic, but my personal rating for this hotel is not more than 4 stars. Definitely not impressed and didn鈥檛 meet my expectations. The resort is huge with a bad layout and the only 24 hour restaurant with snacks is located in a very far corner (sports bar) accessible only by the mini train running between the 4 hotels. If you need a snack while on the beach鈥orget it! What about families with children, when a kid wants something鈥?鈥淣OW鈥?Bar service is very slow and I didn鈥檛 see a happy face when you ask for a drink. It鈥檚 almost kind like you feel ignored, while the staff is doing unessential things instead to serve tourists. Tipping doesn鈥檛 help much. Everybody was complaining about this.Rooms are ok and maids are working hard to do the cleaning and changing towels. No problems with AC. Instead we had 4 black outs with no electricity, the longest lasted 30 minutes.Restaurants. Breakfast, modest selection. Bacon was present only every other day, an omelet takes forever to get. They are not used to serve more than one or two person at the time. There are things you are used to see every morning for breakfast that are missing.Lunch is served at the restaurant on the beach from 12 to 4 P.M.Again, just ok. If they run of something don鈥檛 expect them to refill it. (I.e. some chesses). Better luck tomorrow!I had trouble one day to find vinegar for a salad and the chef helped me by scooping some from a sauce. (Nice!!!)Beach is nice and you can find a spot under a pallapa if you like. Reserving your chair early is recommended.The pool is not very large and in the afternoon is almost impossible to get a chair. Some tourists dragged chairs from the beach and put them on the side, right on the grass. Evening entertainment in the lobby is performed by a local artist or a band with no talent at all. I didn鈥檛 see people dancing on their music.The shows start at 10 P.M. and we find them very far from our hotel.Overall, I wouldn鈥檛 recommend this resort to any of my friends. We are not picky travelers and we know exactly where we going that is not like home and we have great understanding and appreciation for this people, but we expect something for the money we paid. I don鈥檛 want to feel like I have to wait minutes to be served at the bar when is nobody around but me, ask for a coffee and there is no cup on the table to pour it, or sit with a plate in front of me that I finished eating five minutes ago while the servers are dancing!My complaint is mostly for the poor service.This has been our third time in Dominican Republic but I don鈥檛 think we鈥檒l return.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Jay:)~NewYork
<Content>Nice hotel...beautiful beach...but would not stay again! This was my first visit to Punta Cana and I expected a lot more of the Dominican vibe. I'm from New York and needless to say, my area has more of the ambience I was expecting.I chose this hotel based on the reviews from other travelers on tripadvisor.Pros: Beach, hands down was amazing!!! The hotel is next to the Royal Suites, actually very quiet part of the beach and it was a great area to relax in. The staff was very friendly and great service!! We were upgraded to a room with a loft and jacuzzi bath tub.Cons: I'm hispanic but the Spaniards or European Hispanics were truly not nice people!! They were just not friendly nor interested in having conversations with other guests. I noticed they kept very much to themselves or their kind. That's pretty sad since we are all Latinos!! Anyway, we met people from the states that were very nice but felt the same way!  I expected the hotel to have more ambience, a bit more of a party mood, instead we had to listen to the same 3 songs play over and over again during the week. The band in the lobby played slow, depressing music...and the people were just BORING! I was there to relax but come on people, just a little more excitement! Dominican Republic is known for merengue and great music! Food: It was just ok! Everything was bland! (ketchup, fruit, meats, etc.) I know true Dominican cuisine (and no I am not of Dominican descent) and it does not taste like this! I was so surprised by the food. I was NOT expecting 5-star but most of it was just bad buffet, at best and that's including the a la carte restaurants.Room: The beds were hard (I know its just for sleep but they need an upgrade), the floor in the loft area was indented (shaky boards), we were afraid to sleep up there! Hotel: Has 4 hotels and it is enormous. The only way to get around is by the trolleys and most of the time they were full to capacity!  I stayed a week and was happy to come back home to my bed and good home cooking! I do miss the beautiful beach!! Would not stay there again!! I am looking to find another resort with better food and better ambience in the near future.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Anna_Sam
<Content>First vacation... amazing! This was my second trip to Caribbean, first was to Cuba 2 years ago to a 4 1/2 stars w/ my parents. This time i went with my boyfriend, i'm 24 and he's 27 years old. We went Aug.10-17th. I did about 1 month of solid research and selected this resort on my own without anyone's help and even without asking our travel agent's advice. Let me tell you, amazing resort which resulted in amazing vacation. We were looking for a peaceful time, quiet and stress free. We're not party people, but we do like a little music, some wine, a good action movie, that kind of thing. This was all ages and it was no problem. Kids were mostly 8 years old, and behaved very well that you could not notice them. We stayed on the ground floor, king size bed (as we requested from our travel agent) with the jacuzzi in the living room. We arrived on time w/ Skyservice (took the 6ish am flight). Bus was excellend, huge w/ air conditioning and a very fun guide who taught us some basic spanish. Bus ride was about 30 minutes. Arrived at 12ish and our room was not ready. No problem! We went to have lunch at the buffet, checked out the beach and then relaxed in the lobby with constant waitress service of cold fruity drinks. 2pm ish, room is ready, clean, bar stocked (water bottles, bottled coke, sprite, fanta, bear - stocked daily depending on how much you drank... what you drank, they re-stocked). Food - we only went to buffet. Great food. So much choice. At dinner, there was a huge selection of very nice cheese (goat cheese and blue cheese are some selections). They had about 8 choices of fresh pizzas which were very yummy. Pasta, meats, chicken, a lot of salads, ice cream machine. For desert, they would make crapes with fruit and choc. inside or fry up some fruit with syrups of your choice. We never got bored of the food. Every day there was a theme, like the Mexican night when at the entrance to the buffet, there was a girl offering Tequilla. They serve BOTTLED water, which you can take with you to your room or to the beach (amazing). Beach - wow, my mouth dropped when i saw the beach for the first time. Just like the pictures of those perfect beaches. White sand, really, white white sand. Water is light blue and very warm especially by the beach. If you want a quiet spot, move away from the music where a team does volleyball and dancing. We stayed by the Royal Suites border and there were no kids there and no music. Windy every day but this is not a problem. There will be a lot of bother from tour sales reps trying to sell tours. As soon as they come, just say No no, gracias and get back to doing what you were doings. If you're reading a book, or have your eyes closed, they 99% of the time walk around you. Service - at dinner time, almost all the waiters dance which is so nice to watch. We tipped at lunch and dinner around 2-3$ US to the same waiter and in the end he reserved our table for us and brought us our drinks before we asked. We tipped every single time we asked for something, and we always got a thank you from them. We would tip after they brought us our drinks. Try the cappucinos at the lobby after dinner, just sit in those comfy chairs by the check in area so in case they live band starts to play, its not too loud there (otherwise you cant really hear what your company is saying to you). Nothing was stolen, nothing went wrong. Oh, i am a snorkeling fan, and here you wont get to do it. The water/beach has a rope in it to block off up to when you can swim (there are constant traffic of boats going back and forth) and all the fish/rocks/reefs/grassy areas are behind the rope, so there are no fish in the water up to the rope area. I guess you can go on a tour and snorkel if you want that experience. Spa/Gym are in one building, very very nice. They have small huts on the beach for a beach massage ($80 US for 50 min. of Swedish massage) When you come into the room, put your key into a slot on the wall right where the light switch is, then the lights go on and so does the AC. Try bringing candles for a romantic jacuzzi experience or try turning the tv your way when taking a bath. Just some gift shop prices so you can get an idea (US$):- small bag of chips $1- sunscreen $10 (varies)- pack of Marlboro $6- small bottle of Perier $3- wooden sculpture souveniere $3 (6 inches)- Mamjuana (rum w/ herbs) $12 (varies)- huge inflatable water toy $26 (turtle) - beach ball $3- chocolate bar $2 (Snickers, Mars, etc.)We brought US$ and that was perfect, everything is in US$ anyways. I hope this helped. I would for sure go back, both of us loved it from beginning to end. It brings tears to my eyes now thinking of how great it was and that i'm not there anymore. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>steph715
<Content>Amazing Last april was my first trip to the dominican republic and i couldnt have picked a better resort to stay at. I am 22 years old and i went with my mom and 18 year old sister we had a blast! This was the cleanest resort i have ever stayed in. They clean your room up to 3 times a day which i never had before. You feel extremely relaxed and there is always something to do. I loved all the activities on the beach and the shows at night. The restaurants were all beautiful and the service was incredible. I would reccomend this resort to anyone who enjoys a relaxing good time. We had so much fun that we are going back again this year and bringing our friends. This resort is simply amazing!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pst
<Content>Review From New York The Grand Palladium Royal Suites Resort is located on Bavaro Beach , probably one of the nicest beaches I've seen. There are 4 resorts within the walls of the compound.We stayed at the Royal Suites section of the resort . It's adult only an a little more secluded from the other 3 resorts. There were mostly newlyweds here, so if your looking for a little more excitement , the other resorts always seem to have some sporting activities and fun stuff for children. (big water slide) .This is my 3rd time in Punta Cana . I've been to Secrets of Excellence and Dreams (formally Sunscape the Beach ) . I feel every resort has it pros and cons.  PROS. Beach and Water were awesome .....probably the best beach in DR Food was for the most part very good... Lunches in the buffet were just OK Rooms was very big and spacious, we also had a Jacuzzi in our room . The resorts grounds were beautiful. Some of the dining staff were very friendly and others not so.CONS. This is a HUGE resort . It took about 3 days to figure out were we were half the time. Didn't care for all the traffic within the resort. We were constantly dodging big buses ,cars and motor cycles Didn't like having to walk 陆 mile to and from dinner. Even though the mini train was running ever 15 minutes (really 30 minutes) we always found it difficult to get on and it seemed to be full to capacity. I realizes when you are in DR you have to go with the flow and the unexpected , but there were continual sporadic power outages. One night the power went out and the backup generators were also out .. We were eating in total darkness. Except for my cell phone light and eventually a candle.  The pool was kind of beat looking the swim up bar was missing a few of the granite moldings . The swim up bar closed and had to be out of the pool by 7:00 pm , putting a damper on our partying. Make sure you have cash... no ATM's on sight I realize having a good vacation is more than just a really nice resort, please don't take this a a negative comment it is a nice resort. More importantly it's the people you meet and converse with and we met many . Just wanted to thank the group of people that were a part of our life for that one week .I want to shout out to our friends from Charlotte .. Kristy and Jeremy (code yellow) hope my engineered raft kept you a float for a few more days. Also to Jenn and Jes from Philly .., Jenn hope your feeling better and Jes have a safe trip to Brazil .. Don't talk to strangers , except for guys with the name of Paul. Tall Mike and his wife from Chicago. Now that your married you'll need to cut back on work and spent e time with your new wife. Also Mike the bartender and his girlfriend from Northern California . Of course I can't go without saying thanks to the staff Teodoro, Manuel, Tony??? Yes Tony and Yohanna. for all the MAMAJANNASThe big question ..would I go back? Probably not. Only because I like to try different places. I guess when all said I would rate this a 7.5 of 10.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>nutty_code
<Content>Outstanding       reception area  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ttr388
<Content>overall very good trip!!!       grounds  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mexicohangover
<Content>Great place. Good hotel. Stayed at this resort 2 weeks ago with a group of about 10. Punta Cana and the Dominican Republic are great. The resort was only good or above average. I would definitely come back, but would try another resort. Not that I wouldn't recommend this resort. I just would want to see other places. The staff were great with only a couple of exceptions. The things I read on here about noone speaking English and the staff being rude to non Spanish speakers I found not to be true. They spoke enough English to get points across, and a simple attempt at some Spanglish by guests goes a long way. Europeans. Yes they are everywhere at this resort. Americans are definitely the minority. I enjoyed this however. I felt like I really traveled. They are definitely different, but that is the whole point. The Dominican is too Europeans what Cozumel is to Americans. It is a quick and fairly inexpensive getaway. So, don't fear the Euro. The person, not the currency. You should fear the Euro as a currency because it kicks our dollars butt.The good................1. The beach. This is one of if not the best beach I have seen. Beautiful to look at and you are able to get in it. Cancun looks beautiful but the waves make it difficult to enjoy. Not here. The waves were small. Swimming was very easy.2. The pools. There are several of them, and they are kept very clean. The staff at the swim up bars were good. The staff at the swim up at Bavaro is great. They are all over you and appear annoyed if they let your drink get too low without asking you if you want a refill. Antonio was probably the best example of this. A sweating, dancing, singing, and drink pouring machine.3. The grounds. I have stayed in Cancun, Cozmel, and Jamaica, and these are probably the most impressive grounds and landscaping I have seen. It is in the middle of a coconut plantation so there are huge coconut palm trees everywhere. They trim these everyday and are removing coconuts daily to give to guests. I don't think I saw a dead leaf the entire time I was there. If you want to appreciate what real hard work is like as you lounge. Look for the guys in the all green coveralls. 4. Punctuality and organization of excursions. They have several tour organization companies on site. They were all very prompt with excursions. Don't think you have a long grace period showing up for an excursion. He will be on time!5. Topless European women :)On the beach I would have to say 15-25% of the women are topless. For Americans this takes a couple of days to get used to. The Europeans don't care about nudity. It is a hangup that we Americans apparently only have.The bad.............1. Topless European women:)If you are offended by this or are bringing young boys you don't want exposed to this, be aware of them. Also be aware that they will be there everyday. My above 15-25% number I do not feel is an exaggeration. Stay at the pools if this will be an issue for you. I don't know if it is a resort rule to have tops at the pools, but noone I noticed was topless at the pools.2. The food. I know you do not go to any all inclusive expecting your socks to be knocked off by the food, but I have had better. Moon Palace in Cancun and Couples Negril in Jamaica had much better. Not to say the food was horrible. It was not horrible. I have been to a resort with horrible food also. This food was average. Also, I did NOT get sick. The ice used in drinks at the resort is apparently made with good water. 3. The al a carte dinners. The first we had a the the resorts steak place. Below average. And the service was bad and painfully slow. Go there only expecting slightly better than the buffets and you should be OK. Was not worth putting slacks on in the heat in my opinion.4. Air conditioning. Most of the resort is open air. Be ready to sweat. Even in your rooms don't expect to get it uncomfortably cold. The nightly shows are at times unbearable to watch because the theaters are not air conditioned but open air. The only places kept cold are Hemmingways Bar (nice quiet sit down bar) and the Casino (very smart, don't want you leaving there).5. Punta Cana really has no central town like Cancun or Cozumel. This limits your shopping. The area around the resort really looks scary for tourists. Don't expect to go out at night off of the resort. There are no Senor Frog's/Cabo Wabo type places here. And again no central area to shop.All in all a great trip I don't regret for a second. I would tell friends to come here and to stay at this hotel. The hotel is not somewhere I would go again and again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Pachugita
<Content>Great Family Vacation! Good Value! Just got back from a wonderful, relaxing vacation with the family. We were a large group of 30. This is my third trip to Punta Cana; each time to a different resort - Riu, Melia and now the Grand Palladium. I have preferences at each of the resorts. At Riu - I like the bar service at the beach. At Melia - the Royal Service truly 5 star and worth it; and at the Grand Palladium - the variety of food is excellent. This was the first visit to Punta Cana for most of the members of our group. This review is about the Grand Palladium Palace.Front Desk (Recepcion) service is truly 5 star. All of our needs were taken care of immediately. Our arrival went fairly smooth. We were a large group so that slowed the process, but neverthe less we received top notch service with cool towels and fruit punch. My loft suite was not what we requested (2 double beds) but we were immediately transfered to loft suite we wanted. There was a problem with the air conditioner in the loft area that we did not realize until we went to bed. Apparently, the bell boy reported the problem. The next morning we received a note and a telephone call from the front desk informing us that they realized the air conditioner was not cooling well. They fixed the system so well that it was chilly for the remainder of the stay. The people to talk to at the front desk are Fernandal and Whiley - really great guys. If you need any other assistance talk to Francisco at Guest Relations. He can help you with most of your needs. We needed babysitting and he was able to get someone. Babysitting is a very expensive though.Food  Drinks- We tried several restaurants. Las Torres is buffet. Plenty of variety - grilled meats during lunch and dinner. Great breakfast! Only problem breakfast is from 7am - 10am. If you miss breakfast you can have a pastry and coffee in the lobby or go to La Uva or the Sports Bar for a light meal. The service at the Uva was very disappointing. El Bohio, The Behique and La Catedral are also buffet. Again the variety of food is great. Something for every taste. The Arricefe was very good for lunch and dinner was good. The churrasco was the best. Tried the t-bone it was very tough. El Quijote was pretty good for me. I had the gamas ajillio that was good. Some of our group chose other dishes and were disappointed. Skip the Oriental night at the buffet, not very good. Try going to the speciality restaurant on that night. Overall, the service at the restaurants was pretty good. Beware the pool side restaurants are very strict about dining in wet suitwear. The drinks are made with domestic liquors. A few in the group were able to find the Hemingway, a quiet out of the way bar in the Bavaro where international liquors are served. Champagne was served at breakfast on two mornings at Las Torres.You can request champagne anytime you want.Beach and Poolside - Punta Cana beaches are generally beautiful. The pool at the Palace was great. Not overcrowded. Transportation - There's a train that travels around the complex. The train service is crowded in the evening when most people travel for dinner, disco or the shows. Most places are in walking distance. Check out was smooth. In summary, we were a large group and a few members did experience disappointing moments, but for the most part we found the resort to be very pleasant. Well kept and good value. Great place to vacation and most of all relax.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Coll78
<Content>Fantastic Honeymoon       Dinner  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alandh186
<Content>Amazing vacation!!       view from our room  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>june262008
<Content>Can't wait to go back Just got back July 2nd 2008.I have been to lots of places including Europe Canada south America and stayed in first class hotels, But this is by far the best hotel we stayed in. We got the deal through AAA and Apple Vacation, everything was perfect since pick up till we got home. The resort is beautiful,clean. the staff is Aplus. the rooms are big we stayed in the loft suite, my husband and I in one and my 2 daughters in a separate one.When we got there there were not 2 together, but a half hour later they called me from the front desk and offered one in the same complex, so the bellman came right away and switched us. Very Very friendly staff and I mean all the staff. The pool is awesome (it burned down a day before we left but the same day they started rebuilding it, we came back from the disco at 2am and the crew was working) The beach was clean and clear just awesome. The shows are very nice and we felt very safe, especially witht the girls. The only down side is the ac it works but not like we are used to in Florida. The previous reviews I read helped a lot, took little gifts from the $ store for the maid, and singles to buy some souvenirs Its true its all inclusive. The best drinks are in the lobby and the pool, the ones in the beach were kind of weak. but refreshing. The weather was super nice hot and humid But breezy.Men make sure you do wear long pants for a la carte restaurants they DO enforce it. The food was excellent.No bugs or mosquitoes.I highly recomend this resort. We stayed in the Villas 82, to me that was the best pavillion, our rooms faced the beach we sat in the balcony and just chilled. Ask for an xtra key so you can leave it in to keep the ac running while you are out of the room. Also when you open the sliding door to the balcony the ac stops running.The bohique is great for lunch. For the 10 p, show walk accross to take the train b/cwhen it comes back by the hotel is full. I took a wet noodle and used it a lot, they do not sell them there. The soaps are very very small, but they give you plenty. The staff will do anything to keep you happy. They cannot do more for you. I am sooo happy we chose this resort. The shuttle was right on time picking up both ways. You really do not need to bring any $, except for gifts. For seven days just take 3 nice outfits the rest of the days just casual for the afternoons the days you stain in your bathing suits. Do not think about it twice. You will not regret it. Have fun. Take a clock with you there is none. You do not need any transformers either. the power is the same.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarionIowaGirl
<Content>Great time at the Royal Suites       Royal Suites Room  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TXscubabugs
<Content>AWESOME vacation!!!       Catalina Island  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sb4878
<Content>LOVED the beach, pool and workers at the royal suites       balcony  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KABNewJersey
<Content>Americans from NJ Well, we returned Friday night from our enjoyable trip at the Palace. It was very nice and the weather was wonderful. The grounds are very nice and yes, the resort is quite large. If you take the tram around you will get your bearings and you will be fine. We were a party of eight and we did walk and it was okay. You have the option of the tram or the casino car (golf cart like cars). The theme restaurants are located throughout the resorts. The Palace has the Italian (across the street from lobby). Punta Cana has Dominican (by the beach). The Bavaro has Mexican, Japanese/Chinese/Thai and Spanish (next to the lobby). Across the street is the Sports Bar. The Bavaro also has the Seafood/Steakhouse located by the ocean. I thought that the Mexican and Japanese were the best. They all have very little choices on the menu and offer very unique options. The seasonings are very different from what we are used too. The buffets have many choices. We made it through the week fine (just remember if you want a change go to the Sports Bar for pizza and ice-cream). It is not the same pizza they have at the lunch and dinner buffets. Just remember they are cooking for thousands of people at each meal!The bars are located all over the resorts. Hemmingway鈥檚 (Bavaro section) by far has the best alcohol in terms of quality and choices. I felt that the bartenders were very generous with the amount of alcohol that went into the drinks. The bars at the beach are very limited. Some of the bars had bands or entertainment at night.The rooms were very clean. We did have problems with the lock on our door and our safe alarm. The safe alarm was resolved pretty quickly because of a very nice maid and my son communicating in Spanish. When we called the front desk we were told to wait a number of times. My sister's room had a problem with the air conditioner and it took three days to resolve the problem. They eventually moved her to another room. I questioned if they really couldn鈥檛 understand the language or they choose not to. Our group of eight consisted of two American families; each family having two teenagers. I don鈥檛 think the resort caters to teenagers at all with the exception of the sports complex. They didn鈥檛 have teen hours at the disco. The only way they could go is at 11:30 with an adult. The resort had very few children or teens at all. And when we did see them they did not speak English. Most of the guests were Spanish or German. Language was definitely a challenge. Our group made the best of it and did our best to speak Spanish. Most of the staff was very appreciative of our efforts (others were not). We also always tipped to show our gratitude. I was appalled at the way some of the guests treated the workers. People were demanding, screaming out orders and just plain rude!To sum it up we stayed at a nice resort with good food that got repetitive at times. We learned a lot about the Dominican culture and people. We really brushed up on our Spanish and met some very interesting and hard working Dominicans (some nice some not so nice). We enjoyed the beautiful pool (until the pool swim-up bar burned down) and the absolutely SPECTACULAR views of the ocean. Not bad for a week away! All in all I do think it was a good value for your dollar. Would we go back? Maybe in 5 years or so (they are really building up the area). If we return, it will be a resort that enjoys Americans more!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>iShanz
<Content>Fire at the Palace... Early Tuesday morning the palapa/pool bar burned down. The pool was filled with all the burnt palm fronds and soot as well as the bar destroyed. The pool was closed immediately for repairs. But thanks to some great Domincan igenuity it should be turned around fast. They brought in 30 workers Tuesday night, drained the pool and have been working around the clock with lights all night long. Wednesday they began rebuilding the pool bar and trying to refill the massive pool. We left Thusday and the pool was almost refilled and may open soon with the pool bar not too far behind. There are two beautiful pool next door in the Punta Cana section for use.Check back later for a full review of our 11 nights at this incredible and beautiful resort. Also if anyone goes I would love a photo of what the new pool bar looks like.Later...  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>LEAVINSTL
<Content>Well...... We just returned from the Royal Suites today and I will never return again! We stayed for 7 days with 2 other couples. If you have ever stayed at a real 5 star resort this won't meet up to what you're use to!!! The service is TERRIBLE at the resturants, the food isn't very good, the resturants are hot, you won't get drinks until you have already started eating your food! If you don't speak spanish then you might as well just forget it!!! I will say the Italian resturant is pretty good as well as the surf and turf. The bar staff are very good we loved Danny Boy and Ronie!! There is NO entertainment at the pool at all!!!!!!! The beach is beautiful and very relaxing!! The resturants are all far away and you spend at least a hour just going to lunch! Our bathroom sink had little ants on it. Every morining we had no cold water to brush our teeth or take a shower. The room was pretty. The only good thing about this hotel is that it is soooo beautiful and the beach is wonderful and the bartenders are good! I will never return to Punta Cana again I will stick to Mexico!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	1	2	3	2	4	

<Author>Gisele14
<Content>BEST VACATION BY FAR..PLEASE READ FOR A REAL REVIEW!!! If you really are thinking about going to this resort, read this review...this is as real as it gets.I stayed there from June 6th - 13th.and i am a 21 year old who loves a good time..on my last nite coming back..i was crying because my stay was soooo amazing..they animation team went above and beyond to make me feel better...showering me with gifts and giving me a rose on my last nite leaving. i loved the place so much that im booking again end of august for 2 weeks.i have quite high standards when it comes to vacations and resort..and the pallace was BEEYOOOND my expectations..iv done mexico (cancun,Mayan,Puerto Vallarta)..Cuba (varadero,Cayo Coco)Jamaica (Negril) and Bahamas...i never thought anything would beat Negril and cancun which were my favs..Grand Palladium Pallace and Punta cana CERTAINLY DID!!!!..im So done with everywhere else..this is one place that i will go back to EVERY SINGLE YEAR!!..the resort is absolutely BEAUTIFUL..its extremely green..filled with beautiful sorroundings, palm trees beautiful flowers and etc. it looks like something out of a dream..it was unreal to me! i cant even begin to tell u how amazing and beautiful the resort was.The restaurants were AMAZING..i did not EVER have problem with the food..always found stuff i LOVED..and had to stop myself from eating too much..drinks are amazing...they give u REAL drinks and nothing is watered down.Animation team go ABOVE AND BEYOND to make sure ur enjoying ur stay and having a fantastic time..i fell so inlove with the ppl of dominican and the animation team that iv applied for a job there next summer. and still have contact with the animation staff through email or fone.there is always PLENTY of activities to do by the beach and the pool..it is not a north americanized place like cancun at ALL!!..and i LOVED that about it..everything was local..amazing salsa music on the beach..tourists there are mostly from europe and spanish speaking countries..which made the stay so much more enjoyable. very classy ppl. and DOWN TO EARTH FRIENDLY ppl.i have never been to a place where they had these kind of activities on the beach and the pool or even had an animation team that worked soooo hard and spent nearly every minute of the day with u!! which makes it so much harder when u want to leave.Beach was GORGEOUS!!! iv never seen ANYTHING like it..beautiful white sand...clear water..u could be in the water and see the person next to u completely under the water...thats how clear the water is...beautiful palm trees on the beach..as far as ur eye could see, ull see palm trees and white stand on the beach. Disco was AMAZINNGGGGG...i wanted to get out and see town..but i loved the resort soo much that i couldnt get out..and thats why im going back for 2 weeks..cuz id love to see more.the shows at the MERENGE THEATER are AMAZING!!!usually the schedule works like this:From 10AM - 1PM the animation team is by the beach with music on..and different activities going on where u could win prizes for..each activity has a prize for the winner..i won 4 bottles of rum, t shirts,coffee,necklace,little bag.from 3PM - 6PM they are by the pool with music and diff activities9pm there is a show at the merenge every night,where the animation team is a part of.and around 11 or 11:30 shows end..and EVERYBODY including animation team heads to the disco till 2AMand there is also a disco in punta cana which is called DISCO MANGU which is AMAZING..i made really good friends with half of the staff at the resort..and when they got off work at 2AM i went to DISCO MANGU with all of them.which was EXTREMELY FUN! its a 10 min cab ride..and the disco is open till 6AMweather is GORGEOUS!!!..there is always a nice breeze by the beach..beach is really warm..and so is the pool..which was amazing.anybody who books this place will NOT REGRET!!!..who ever wrote bad reviews about this resort really has issues and needs to solve those issues..i couldnt find ONE flaw with this resort..not even for half a second did i think ANYTHING was even a LITTLE off..everyday i was amazed at how amazing this place is. its diff. a 10 star. If u guys have ANY questions, let me know and id be more than glad to help out  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BobandNoreen
<Content>can't wait till next year !!!! may 2nd to the 16th 2008we stayed at the lofts the first week,because we were only 3 adults  they allow only 2 adults per suite at the rs.the second Willis  Maribell were fantastic!!. We tipped them often simply because they deserved it.The grounds were too beautiful to describe, in fact, the groundsthrough out the entire resort were magnificent.Picture perfect at the beach,pool,lobby , just everywhere.The second wk.we stayed at RS. it was super.What made it even better was Salvator worked 3 days at the RS.The rooms,the service, the attention to detail was just unbeliveable.The sports bar was fast food heaven so we ate there often. We only went to one specialty rest.,the mexican  it was very good.We went on 2 tours- the bavarro runners safari  the saona island tour. The safari was an eye openner, just wonderful people. The saona tour was the most fun i had in a lonnnng time.Both tours were long rides, but well worth the time  money.The RS,thebeach, the pool, the rooms,the service, the people--OMG!! Will we go back ?? Can't wait till next year !! YES YES YES!!!!Willis  Maribell were fantastic!!. We tipped them often simply because they deserved it.The grounds were too beautiful to describe, in fact, the groundsthrough out the entire resort were magnificent.Picture perfect at the beach,pool,lobby , just everywhere.The second wk.we stayed at RS. it was super.What made it even better was Salvator worked 3 days at the RS.The rooms,the service, the attention to detail was just unbeliveable.The sports bar was fast food heaven so we ate there often. We only went to one specialty rest.,the mexican  it was very good.We went on 2 tours- the bavarro runners safari  the saona island tour. The safari was an eye openner, just wonderful people. The saona tour was the most fun i had in a lonnnng time.Both tours were long rides, but well worth the time  money.The RS,thebeach, the pool, the rooms,the service, the people--OMG!! Willis  Maribell were fantastic!!. We tipped them often simply because they deserved it.The grounds were too beautiful to describe, in fact, the groundsthrough out the entire resort were magnificent.Picture perfect at the beach,pool,lobby , just everywhere.The second wk.we stayed at RS. it was super.What made it even better was Salvator worked 3 days at the RS.The rooms,the service, the attention to detail was just unbeliveable.The sports bar was fast food heaven so we ate there often. We only went to one specialty rest.,the mexican  it was very good.We went on 2 tours- the bavarro runners safari  the saona island tour. The safari was an eye openner, just wonderful people. The saona tour was the most fun i had in a lonnnng time.Both tours were long rides, but well worth the time  money.The RS,thebeach, the pool, the rooms,the service, the people--OMG!! Will we go back ?? Can't wait till next year !! YES YES YES!!!!Will we go back ?? Can't wait till next year !! YES YES YES!!!!wk. my nephew arrived so we took 2 suites at the rs.At the lofts the pool area was really alot fun  the bartenders- Salvator, Willis  Maribell were fantastic!!. We tipped them ofteWillis  Maribell were fantastic!!. We tipped them often simply because they deserved it.The grounds were too beautiful to describe, in fact, the groundsthrough out the entire resort were magnificent.Picture perfect at the beach,pool,lobby , just everywhere.The second wk.we stayed at RS. it was super.What made it even better was Salvator worked 3 days at the RS.The rooms,the service, the attention to detail was just unbeliveable.The sports bar was fast food heaven so we ate there often. We only went to one specialty rest.,the mexican  it was very good.We went on 2 tours- the bavarro runners safari  the saona island tour. The safari was an eye openner, just wonderful people. The saona tour was the most fun i had in a lonnnng time.Both tours were long rides, but well worth the time  money.The RS,thebeach, the pool, the rooms,the service, the people--OMG!! Will we go back ?? Can't wait till next year !! YES YES YES!!!!n simply because they deserved it.The grounds were too beautiful to describe, in fact, the groundsthrough out the entire resort were magnificent.Picture perfect at the beach,pool,lobby , just everywhere.The second wk.we stayed at RS. it was super.What made it even better was Salvator worked 3 days at the RS.The rooms,the service, the attention to detail was just unbeliveable.The sports bar was fast food heaven so we ate there often. We only went to one specialty rest.,the mexican  it was very good.We went on 2 tours- the bavarro runners safari  the saona island tour. The safari was an eye openner, just wonderful Willis  Maribell were fantastic!!. We tipped them often simply because they deserved it.The grounds were too beautiful to describe, in fact, the groundsthrough out the entire resort were magnificent.Picture perfect at the beach,pool,lobby , just everywhere.The second wk.we stayed at RS. it was super.What made it even better was Salvator worked 3 days at the RS.The rooms,the service, the attention to detail was just unbeliveable.The sports bar was fast food heaven so we ate there often. We only went to one specialty rest.,the mexican  it was very good.We went on 2 tours- the bavarro runners safari  the saona island tour. The safari was an eye openner, just wonderful people. The saona tour was the most fun i had in a lonnnng time.Both tours were long rides, but well worth the time  money.The RS,thebeach, the pool, the rooms,the service, the people--OMG!! Will we go back ?? Can't wait till next year !! YES YES YES!!!!people. The saona tour was the most fun i had in a lonnnng time.Both tours were long rides, but well worth the time  money.The RS,thebeach, the pool, the rooms,the service, the people--OMG!! Will we go back ?? Can't wait till next year !! YES YES YES!!!!Willis  Maribell were fantastic!!. We tipped them often simply because they deserved it.The grounds were too beautiful to describe, in fact, the groundsthrough out the entire resort were magnificent.Picture perfect at the beach,pool,lobby , just everywhere.The second wk.we stayed at RS. it was super.What made it even better was Salvator worked 3 days at the RS.The rooms,the service, the attention to detail was just unbeliveable.The sports bar was fast food heaven so we ate there often. We only went to one specialty rest.,the mexican  it was very good.We went on 2 tours- the bavarro runners safari  the saona island tour. The safari was an eye openner, just wonderful people. The saona tour was the most fun i had in a lonnnng time.Both tours were long rides, but well worth the time  money.The RS,thebeach, the pool, the rooms,the service, the people--OMG!! Will we go back ?? Can't wait till next year !! YES YES YES!!!!Willis  Maribell were fantastic!!. We tipped them often simply because they deserved it.The grounds were too beautiful to describe, in fact, the groundsthrough out the entire resort were magnificent.Picture perfect at the beach,pool,lobby , just everywhere.The second wk.we stayed at RS. it was super.What made it even better was Salvator worked 3 days at the RS.The rooms,the service, the attention to detail was just unbeliveable.The sports bar was fast food heaven so we ate there often. We only went to one specialty rest.,the mexican  it was very good.We went on 2 tours- the bavarro runners safari  the saona island tour. The safari was an eye openner, just wonderful people. The saona tour was the most fun i had in a lonnnng time.Both tours were long rides, but well worth the time  money.The RS,thebeach, the pool, the rooms,the service, the people--OMG!! Will we go back ?? Can't wait till next year !! YES YES YES!!!!BOB  NoreenWillis  Maribell were fantastic!!. We tipped them often simply because they deserved it.The grounds were too beautiful to describe, in fact, the groundsthrough out the entire resort were magnificent.Picture perfect at the beach,pool,lobby , just everywhere.The second wk.we stayed at RS. it was super.What made it even better was Salvator worked 3 days at the RS.The rooms,the service, the attention to detail was just unbeliveable.The sports bar was fast food heaven so we ate there often. We only went to one specialty rest.,the mexican  it was very good.We went on 2 tours- the bavarro runners safari  the saona island tour. The safari was an eye openner, just wonderful people. The saona tour was the most fun i had in a lonnnng time.Both tours were long rides, but well worth the time  money.The RS,thebeach, the pool, the rooms,the service, the people--OMG!! Will we go back ?? Can't wait till next year !! YES YES YES!!!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coronitaBrampton_ont
<Content>fabulous vacation we stayed at end of may, and could not stop raving about this place. we were 6 people, and couldn't think of any negatives. the weather was perfect, hot and sunny everyday, the food was excellent, the drinks were excellent! the entertainment staff was great and really go out of their way to make sure you have fun. one thing we really liked was that you dont have to make reservations at the a la cartes, you just go when you're hungry, the most we waited was 10 minutes, and you could even repeat the ones you liked the best. we didnt get to try all of them, there were too many in the complex! there were games, dance lessons, water sports, a great shopping centre on property and just down the beach a flea market. the beach was the best we've ever seen, and we travel 2x a year. theres a water slide down the beach near the end of the resort, that is a blast! we tried it once and were hooked!! all in all, we'd definately recommend this resort and would definately go back!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>anp0322
<Content>Loved the Palace After researching many hotels and reading many reviews, I decided to stay at the Grand Palladium and I could not have chosen a better hotel. Contrary to what others said, the hotel was amazing.The restaurants were very nice, even the buffets. They did serve similar food each night, such as the pastas, but the did change the types of meat, due to what kind of night it was (Italian night, Mexican night, etc.). I am definitely a very picky eater and I was happy with the food. There was always something for everyone.The pool area was nice, although I didn't spend much time there. Too hot; rather be at the beach. The beach was gorgeous and it was so comfortable. There are huts to sit under so if you need some shade, it is avaliable. Also, there is a great breeze on the beach, making it so nice to just lay and relax all day. There are many activities to do on the beach. Parasailing was fun, but I did not feel comfortable going into a boat with a stranger, driving to another boat, switching boats in the middle of the ocean, and after parasailing waiting for that same boat to return to bring you back. It was just a hassle and very awkward.The disco at night is nice and fun, but they mainly play Spanish music; can't complain, you are in THEIR country. The sports bar is great because it offers food 24/7. The restaurants and buffets were on a schedule which was kind of annoying, but oh well. And there is no room service that delivers food, which was also another hassle. But it really is impossible for there to be room service since each building contained about 15 rooms.The loft suite was very nice, the jetted tub was cleaned everyday, our waters were stocked everyday, as well as many towels. If you tip the housekeeper she will take care of you.Very nice people but it definitely is hard to understand if you don't speak their language. Once again, you are in THEIR country, so you cannot complain. The majority of tourists there were from Europe (German) and from Spanish speaking countries. Almost no one spoke English. As for the staff, the reception, the waiters, and most of the staff do try to accomodate although there is a barrier with language. The souvenier shop salespeople and the supermarket workers spoke no English. Just a heads up for people who get angry at this.All in all it was an amazing trip. The food was great, the beach was amazing, the room was spectacular, and the staff was very friendly and always helped us out. The only thing I disliked was the outsiders from the DR who came in to sell their things to us tourists. They basically harass you to buy their things, but that's anywhere.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ttking
<Content>pools close at 7pm, sun goes down at 8:30 everything was fine until we were told on our first day that all the pools close at 7pm. this is a very large property with numerous pools and its unbelieveable that they would close all the pools so early when the sun is still brightly shining. they actually called security on us because we just thought the bartenders were joking when they told us to get out so we swam away laughing. but they were really serious.....also, don't be too loud or you'll be told to be quiet. there were 6 of us there for 6 days and the last 2 days we all spent in the bathroom. the food is generally repeated throughout buffets but it's decent. the drinks all have banana which got boring. all in all the beach was the best part. would i stay here again? probably not unless they livened it up more. from the beginning of our stay it was apparent that we were at an old folks home. boring vacation!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nld
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Palace! We spent a week at the Grand Palladium Palace May 24-31. We had ups and downs during our stay but mostly ups.First the downs:Check in was a breeze, we got one of the buildings we requested and were escorted to our room by a very friendly bell hop. Upon entry I found the room very hot. The bellman told me to just call the front desk and they will have the temperature lowered to make the room cooler. So we called and were told that someone would be up right away. We unpacked a bit and decided to go for a swim and figured someone would come up and change the temp. while we were gone. Three hours later we returned to our room and still no one came. Called front desk again and told someone will come soon but again two hours past and no one. We were getting ready for dinner and finally someone showed up. He went up the ladder removed a tile in the roof and tried to change the temperature but came back down and told us it is broken and that he would try and fix it. He told us to go for dinner and the problem would be fixed when we returned. My husband tipped him and thanked him. We checked with the front desk after dinner and they said it had been fixed. However when we returned later to our room it was not fixed. There was warm air coming out of the vent. We decided to deal with it in the morning. When we approached the front desk the next morning after a very stuffy, warm night in our room about being moved to a new room they were not very helpful. They insisted that the problem had been fixed even though we invited them to come to our room and see for themselves. Anyway after sending two more maintenance guys to our room to try and fix the problem we think that maintenance finally told them it was not fixable and finally they changed our room. They realized their mistake and upgraded us to an oceanfront room which was very kind of them. As we were moving one of the maintenance guys showed up and ended up removing the whole air conditioning unit from the ceiling. I'm sure this is the reason for the upgrade as they realized we weren't lying about the AC not working. Once this whole situation got sorted out the rest of the stay was only ups. Just disappointing that it took all of our second day before it got sorted out.UpsOur new room was great. AC worked fine and our room was very clean. The pillows were very uncomfortable and my husband had to fix the leaky showerhead but these are just minor details.The resort is beautiful. The grounds are immaculate and clean. The staff in general are all very nice. Our maid was wondeful did a great job in our room and always so friendly.The same goes for the staff in the restaurants. Always smiling and very attentive. It was hit or miss with the bar staff but no big deal.The restaurants:We ate all our breakfasts at the Palace buffet. It was fine. Always a wide variety of food to choose from. Fresh juices which was a nice touch.For lunch we ate at the buffet by the Palace pool and also at the buffet by the Punta Cana pool. They were both very good. A variety of food at each: made to order pasta, grilled burgers, chicken, pork chops, fries, pizza, different types of fish dishes, rice dishes etc... There was always fresh fruit and ice cream machines.For dinner we tried the Asian, Italian, Mexican and Steak/Seafood a la cartes. Our favourites were the italian and mexican. Our least favourite was the Steak/Seafood as the steaks were undercooked and very fatty. No big deal.We also enjoyed the buffet at the Punta Cana section 'el behique' for dinner on two occassions as it seemed more relaxed, dimmer lighting and quieter than the other two. The food was also very good. Pastas, chicken, fresh vegetables, rice dishes, a variety of fish dishes, fresh fruit , desserts etc...The dinner food seemed the same at all the buffets for dinner as we walked through the others and nothing was different. We just liked the dining area the best IMO.The beach was beautiful and yes my husband got up at 5:30 every morning to get us a Palapa. However he likes seeing the sunrise so he thinks that if you're out by 7am you should still find a spot as some mornings he was out till then and there were still spots. We enjoyed the pool at the Palace and never ventured over to the others. The swim up bar was great and we enjoyed many different types of drinks. Only wished they had blender drinks also. Oh well.The animation team works hard day and night to keep the guests happy. They deserve a lot of credit. Would have been nice to see some activities for the kids at the Palace pool but only once did they do something. The activity centre at the Punta Cana section was great. They have badminton, volleyball, tennis, paddle ball, mini putt, basketball, soccer field etc... . We enjoyed it a few times and there's even a refreshment centre for when you need to cool off.This area was great for our kids and us too.Overall our stay was a memorable one. We enjoyed the Palladium and would consider returning one day, as all the ups made up for the downs. If you have any questions feel free to send me a PM and I'll try and answer.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>phillipUk
<Content>looks great The weather and views are amazing. We stayed at the Palladium Palace for two weeks from the 13th May 2008 - the food, waiters and bar staff were excellent, expect to tip. Off site was not a good experience as many people expect something from you and market traders were constanstly bombarding you. We lost our wedding ring and were quite sure it was amongst the towels taken away by the cleaner, the help and support from the senior management at the palladium was appalling and they would not allow us to put up anything on the notice board offering a reward and their opinion seemed to be that we could just claim for the ring off our insurance. I don't they could grasp the importance of losing the ring..its not as if it was a camera and the ring cannot be replaced as it was bespoke. The rooms were not to a good standard, decor is dated, compared to the rest of the hotel.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>brownanimal
<Content>Grand Palladium Palace an dRoyal Suites Review       Salvatore, Maribel and Willis our new friends from DR!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>daddles1955
<Content>Thank God for beautiful beaches! My husband and I have traveled to the Domincan Republic 5 times in the last year and a half. We have always stayed at the Riu resorts because they are wonderful. We decided to try something new, so we stayed at the Palladium Palace. Well, it is NO palace! It is an average hotel in appearance with other hotels connected, but nowhere did I see anything that resembled a palace. The grounds are large enough that they offer a train to move around the complex, but each connected hotel looks exactly the same as the other.DURING OUR STAY WE WERE WITHOUT CABLE ON AND OFF THE ENTIRE STAY, WITHOUT WATER FOR A DAY, WITHOUT ELECTRIC FOR A DAY, AND WITHOUT AIR CONDITIONING FOR THE LAST 2 DAYS OF OUR STAY, AND WE WERE ONLY THERE FOR 5 NIGHTS!!!! The response we received was, we'll have it fixed in a half an hour each time we asked. Finally at bedtime, we went to the front desk to complain again. They gave us another room to sleep in for the night... and another room... and another room because the rooms they sent us to were without air as well. One room was a loft with the air unit postitioned under the floor were the bed was, so in addition to the air conditioner not working, we had to lay in a shaking bed while the useless air conditioner fans turned. I know these things can happen anywhere, but how it is handled make all the difference. Of course, no one seemed to care that we were unhappy. We are not picky or demanding at all. All we are interested in is the beach, sun, ocean, and a few room luxuries like water, electric, cable, and air. Is that too much to ask? If you want to stay at a great resort, go to the Riu Palace. It actually is a PALACE! We have never had a problem there, in fact this is the first time I have ever written a negative review.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	1	3	3	

<Author>skyyla2003
<Content>Fun and Relaxation at the Palladium Pallace I have just returned from a two week holiday at the Palladium palace and loved every minute of it. I was a little sceptical about this hotel after reading a few poor reviews but all I can say is those people must never be happy as I had one of the best holidays ever at this hotel.On arrival we received a welcome drink and were greeted by friendly reception staff, check in was fast and efficient. The rooms were beautiful, very clean, comfy bed and nice views, I did have a few minor problems in the room ie my safe kept saying low battery and the shower did leak a little but nothing really to worry about. The maids came in every day and kept the room very clean they also added nice touches by leaving flower buds next to the towels. The mini bar was also restocked daily.The pools were all lovely and much quieter then the beach there was often beds with shade still available when we were going for lunch, staff came around the pool at regular intervals offering drinks which was excellent as although the bar was only a few feet away and there were swim up bars it was so hot it was nice that someone got the drinks for you. The only problem with the pool is the P.O.P staff which work at the hotel as in the afternoon they constantly tried to get you up to play different games, mini golf, darts, volleyball and they are quite persistant but you just have to say no and they will leave you alone.The beach was truely beautiful it was just idelyic to look at the beautiful turquiose sea but the fighting over the sunbeds/shade is something I will never forget!!! It was unbelievable people stealing beds and pretending they had been there all day i really have not seen anything like it before, 2 people in my party had to get up just after 6am to enable us to get sunbeds with shade.I am not that adventurous with food but I enjoyed all the food in all the restaurants we went to 4 al a carte restaurants and the spanish was my favourite, the domincan restaurant was my least favourite I didn't like any of the the food apart from the desert which was just like melted fudge yum and it was so hot in there as there was no air conditioning!!!I went to the spa and had a great massage it was very relaxing and all the staff were friendly.I have to say that the staff in the resort were friendly and always smiled apart from the shop staff, I went to buy a handbag from the beach shop and the lady serving was the most misserable woman I have ever had the misfortune to meet it was as if i was inconviencing her for wanting to buy something from the shop totally ridiculous.Well to sum it up I had a great time and would most certainly go back if I had the money to do so. The weather was beautiful the hotel was beautiful and the beach was beautiful what more could anyone wish for!!!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Margaritalady/pa
<Content>Royal Suites Our group of 12 vacationed at the Royal Suites. Although we had e-mailed room requests prior to arrival, no response was received. We did receive a 3rd floor room that we requested. ROOMS: The rooms were very nice--some overlooking the beach and pool, others the courtyard. Maid service was very good and Royal Suites guests also receive evening turndown service. Our room (5136) had a distinct sewage smell beginning the second day. We informed the front desk--three times. Their concern was totally underwhelming. The first time, nothing was done. The second time, a toilet bowl deodorizer (!) was hung on the a/c vent. This resulted in a very strong mothball like smell permeating the room (better than sewage, though!) The third time, workers actually went into the ductwork and sprayed--this took care of the problem for about 24 hrs. At this point we were leaving the next day, so we gave up. We were the only couple that had this problem. Be forewarned that some of the sliding doors to the balconies lock from the OUTSIDE (just ask my husband)--what fun trying to get someone to believe that we're locked out on the balcony! GROUNDS:  Impeccable, sometimes confusing, thatched pathways throughout the resort. The beach was narrower than others we've been to in the area (Iberostar and Bahia). Towel-game was definitely played. We reserved our spots by 7:00 a.m. each morning. By 8:00 very few palapas were open. We spent our time on the Palace beach, since there was no beach bar at the Royal (although they do have drink service). There is an inflatable water-slide located toward Bavaro beach. Fee was $5.00 for 6 slides. Those in our group that did this said it was fun.  POOLS: Many to choose from. The Bavaro was our favorite (largest swim-up bar we've seen). Lots of activity there. We divided most of our time between the Palace and the Royal Pools which were closer to our rooms. FOOD: Dined at Bamboo, Mare Nostrum, El Mariachi and Royal Gourmet. Enjoyed all of them. Sunday night is lobster night at Royal Gourmet . We found the Bavaro Buffet to be the best for breakfast and dinner. Loved the chocolate crepes! Enjoyed the theme nights (posted near the Bavaro Buffet). Lunch was always on the beach at the Palace restaurant. Good selection of food. Great made to order pasta. Best drinks are definitely at Hemingways. They made an excellent strawberry dacquiri (used fresh strawberries). We also liked the Bavaro Lobby. Great Mojitos and Caipirinhas. The Royal Lobby which serves premium alchohol has a very limited drink menu. There are not many blenders at this resort. (Hemingways does have one!). Most tropical drinks are out of the machine. Hit or miss on what they have. Palace beach bar only had margaritas 3 days out of 7--couldn't quite understand this. EL CORTECITO: Right next to Royal Suites resort is a small town. VERY aggressive vendors--and if you do purchase something from them, they will ask for a TIP! We couldn't stand it. However, if you walk down the beach and enter the town, make the first left. You will then see a sign for Captain Cooks--right beyond that is a sign for Los Pino's Plaza. Great store--no haggling--best prices we've ever encountered in P.C. ENTERTAINMENT: There's a decent band in the Bavaro lobby in the evenings. We also went to the disco a few nights and it was also lots of fun. Good crowd and great people watching. The beach party Thursday night was also fun. There are numerous bars if you're inclined to bar crawl. Sports bar was ok--but nothing like the one at the G.P. in Mexico. OVERALL IMPRESSION: We felt too isolated at The Royal Suites--it was extremely difficult to find out what was going on in other parts of the resort. It would really be beneficial if an activities schedule were posted in the Royal Lobby. Most of the events we knew about were due to my research prior to the trip. Overall, the staff--from waiters to bartenders to front desk employees that we encountered on this trip were not as friendly or accommodating as other resorts we've been to in the Dominican Republic and elsewhere. That鈥檚 not to say they were bad, just indifferent for the most part. That came as quite a surprise, given the experience we've had at the G.P. in Mexico. We did, however, like the resort, and might try it again, but would stay either in the Bavaro or Punta Cana sections.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>mo1279
<Content>stayed in royal suites portion...had a great time My husband and I just returned from our trip to Punta Cana. We stayed at the Royal Suites portion of the Grand Palladium and were very pleased. Here are our thoughts....feel free to email if you have questions about any of the palladium sections. we did a lot of walking around and comparing. Biggest perks about royal suites compared to other parts of the grand palladium: no kids, guaranteed direct access to the beach/pool and view of the pool, free internet and premium liquor, access to royal gourmet restaurant...overall, generally less crowded with a more mature group of people staying thereBiggest negatives (compared to other parts of the Palladium): the location. most of the a la cartes and the theatres are in the bavaro section...all the way on the other side of the complex. though you could walk it, it might take a good 30 min or more to get over there. there is a tram that stops by the rooms, but it's often full and even then, it takes a long time to get to where you want to go. ______________________________________For those who want more specifics.....Beaches: Fabulous! Probably some of the best we've ever visited. Weather was great and the water was really clear. Yes, you have to play the 'towel game' and reserve a spot at the pool or the beach, but we never had a problem with this. There was always some shaded place on the beach open or at the pool. Food: we thought it was really good, but we also had realistic expectations. it's similar to what you would find on a cruise. We thought there were plenty of options, and for the most part, we could always find something we liked to eat. We ate at the Royal gourmet, japenese, spanish, and seafood places. They only one we would not give a positive review was the seafood. the service was lacking and slow, not enough menus, the food was way over salted, etc. Plus, even though the lobster was considered 'all-inclusive' at the royal gourmet, it was $33 here. Rooms: We were in the royal jr suite and felt it suited us perfectly. i don't have any complaints. The minifridge was restocked every day, the rooms cleaned every day, we were on the first floor with a balcony facing the pool, we had a jacuzzi tub, a sitting area, nice tv, safe, etc. Activities: we chose to mostly sit on the beach...beautiful and quiet. we went to the shows every night, and though often very cheesy (uh - can we say michael jackson show)...we were really entertained. we went to the spa one day. that was great and the staff was very professional. we went parasailing...way overpriced. wouldn't do it again. we paid $30 to take a boat taxi around the ship wreck, we thought that was pretty cool. we went deep sea fishing with mike's marina. though it was fun, turned out to just be an expensive boat ride because we didn't catch anything. One thing to note....the place shuts down pretty much around 11 unless you want to go to the disco (which was lacking).Tipping: couldn't quite figure this out. we tried to throw down a couple of bucks when we could (like at the restaurants, bars, and spa). It seemed like the only people that expected it were the people we were doing the 'activities' with (e.g. the parasailing and deep sea fishing).Hope this was helpful!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

