<Author>David99731
<Content>Good value It was an okay stay. The staff was great except for the parking lot attendant that would camp out on the computer in the lobby. I would stay on the quiet side of the building as the west side is beside a freeway.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	-1	5	3	

<Author>Traveler-Kaye
<Content>Comfortable rooms at Holiday Inn Express We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in October and were mostly pleased with the hotel. The room we chose was a king suite with couch area, mini-fridge and microwave. I liked that they had a bag of microwave popcorn in the room for you. However, they don't have mugs in the room for coffee (only styrofoam cups). I had to heat my water for tea in the coffee maker since I wasn't sure about microwaving the styrofoam. The bathroom is nice with one of those shower curtains that bows out away from the shower to provide a little more space. The towels were nice and fluffy and there were plenty of them. The bed was comfortable and we slept very well. The heater in the room worked wonderfully and was unexpectedly quiet for a hotel unit. We stayed in a non-smoking room on the 2nd floor and didn't have any problems with smoke or noise from other guests.We ate the hot breakfast at the hotel every morning. There were cheese omelettes, bacon, sausage, cinnamon rolls, hard-boiled eggs, instant oatmeal, yogurt, fresh fruit, juices, coffee, tea and hot chocolate. It wasn't too fancy, but decent for an included breakfast. The breakfast room is fairly large and we didn't have a problem finding a table each morning.This hotel does include parking, but it is not near most of the sights in Seattle. We chose the hotel for other reasons. This part of town is okay, but not an area I would go walking in around at night. Staying closer to downtown would probably be more expensive, though.Overall, the hotel offered a good Holiday Inn Express experience and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>jcdjcdcVancouver
<Content>Great Stay Our party of six was looking for a hotel that offered a great overnight stay at a reasonable rate. Our suite accommodated a party of six adults. In the morning we were delighted to have a complimentary hot  cold breakfast. The breakfast area was large, clean and was not overcrowded at any given time. The front desk was helpful in giving us directions to Pike's Market and also arranged shuttle surface to our cruise ship at a reasonable price. The downside and upside to the hotel is its location. Close to downtown and the most popular attractions in Seattle. Aurora Street is a busy, noisy street throughout the day and night. Would I recommend this hotel - absolutely.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HairChic
<Content>Very Clean and Comfy... Loved the Coffee! We went to visit my sister who resides in Seattle and had just gotten remarried. We are from another resort area, Myrtle Beach, and so are very familiar with a little traffic like you might experience with this hotel location so it was not a problem for us. We LOVED this hotel! The front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. It is very clean... even the hallways ALWAYS smelled so fresh and pleasant! The beds were very comfortable, too. There are fresh baked cookies and WONDERFUL coffee in the lobby nightly... we enjoyed these often after a long day in the city! The breakfast room was filled with so much to choose from! Scrambled and boiled eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits, cereal, oatmeal, cinnamon rolls, orange juice, milk... you name it... they probably have it! The pool is small, but the kids didn't mind! I do wish they would put up some sort of noise absorbing materials to lower the decibels a little... it got extremely loud in this room at times.The Northgate Mall was very easy to find from this location. A big plus for us shopaholics!I would like to recommend to this hotel that they find a way to have guests use the parking lot more appropriately... the lot can handle the vehicles for the tenants if there were not so many of them double parked. This caused a problem on our last night there... my sister was going to park and come up to say goodbye, but had to just drop us off instead due to having absolutely nowhere to park her very small Subaru sedan.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>canadatrav
<Content>Cigarette smoke everywhere We booked this hotel as it was reasonably priced, and the hotel we were staying at was booked. We stay exclusively in Holiday Inn hotels, so we figured this would be ok, despite the reports of the location on Trip Advisor. Even though this hotel is a little north of a very commercial part of Seattle, we really didn't have any problems with the location, as most of our site seeing was away from this area. This appeared to be a newer hotel, but had the oldest beds out of any HI Express we have ever stayed in. They were so worn out you could hear the springs every time you moved.The biggest disappointment for us was that this hotel is not smoke free. If we would have known this we most likely would not have booked there. Even though we were in the room farthest from the smoking wing we could still smell smoke in our room (as I'm sure any non-smoker could) which was quite unpleasant. Not to mention we weren't thrilled about having our children exposed to the smoke. We have nothing against smokers, but the hotel would probably be better off to have complete floors smoking or non-smoking, so the smell doesn't travel down the hallway.Two other minor inconveniences were the fact that there is only one washer and dryer for laundry and no business office (just a computer by the front desk). They do have a good size dining room for breakfast in the morning which was nice.Overall, it wasn't the worst hotel we've stayed in but we most likely would never stay here again due to the cigarette smoke and uncomfortable beds.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>tailes2
<Content>This is Holiday Quality - and that is a godd thing We stayed here for 3 nights just after Christmas. The hotel is in Seattle but on the very north edge (1 block away). A very nice newer building and well maintained. I booked 2 unites 2 days apart , they matched up the name a put us across the hall from each other. Ours was a very well equiped handycaped room with a nice sized and accessable bathroom. It also had a microwave and small fridge and countertop in a sitting area. The staff were friendly but the pool was cool. It was convenient to have a laundry room. Breackfast bar was excelent cereals, pastries, juices, yogurt, bacon, sausage patties, scrambled eggs, etc.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Steel33
<Content>Decent rooms in questionable n'hood, but terrible front desk clerks The Hotel by itself was not bad, though located in a questionable neighborhood, but the front desk staff is just terrible. Here's the sequence of events - I register at the front desk and then go up to our room only to find that our keys don't work. So I walk down and the clerk reissues another, without even an apology. I go back up again and find out the Fridge/MW we asked for was not available in our room. I go back down, again, and the clerk (with an unforgettable name of 'Junior' and a very unprofessional attitude) says that only the King suites had them, despite what the Hotel website says. It's almost as if you are in a East European Student Hostel and not a 'business-traveler' hotel as Holiday Inn Corp positions ts 'Express' brand as. I then ask for a King suite since we were promised a Fridge/MW, but he says that they don't have any available. I insisted that with a child traveling with us, that was an absolute necessity, and after about 10 minutes of back and forth, surprise, surprise he miraculously finds one! He then asks me if the earlier room was clean and if we had used it (we didn't even have time to unpack!!) and then asks that I return the keys to the earlier room immediately, which involved another trip up and down to get my wife's key. I almost decided to quit at that point. Anyway we were tired from a long flight and decided to stay. So after a total of 3 trips back and forth from our room, we finally settle down. The stay in the room was pleasant enough, though by the second night one of our keys stopped working. I decided not to bother asking for a replacement again.I work as a Marketing Manager for a large Travel distribution corporation, and plan to follow up with Holiday Inn corporate with my issues regarding unprofessional staff at hotels carrying their brand.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	1	4	1	4	4	

<Author>monarat
<Content>Quiet and comfortable This Inn was located in the Northgate area, not too far from the Northgate Mall. Busy street but very quiet in the hotel. I heard some rain during the night, but unless there was a siren, no street noise. Room was a suite, very clean and had a microwave, small refrigerator, countertop with bar sink. Bed was SO comfortable. Breakfast was the usual hard boiled eggs, cereal, bagels, toast, danish and yogurt. Large dining room with big screen TV. The staff kept up the dining area and was very helpful at check in. I liked that there was no charge to park there, yet a few blocks away was I-5 and you could be in downtown Seattle in 10 minutes (in non-rush hour times). Also close to the zoo. Not really an area where you can walk to dinner. Recommend driving toward Northgate Mall as there were plenty of places to eat on streets around the Mall. We did not go in the Mall, so maybe more there as well.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>DR_SEA
<Content>Not Convenient This hotel is on the borderline of a not so good neighborhood and is a little far out of town to be called Seattle. Only a two lane road gets you into downtown, much rush hour traffic. Rooms okay, clean.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	2	-1	3	

<Author>Travelinbob19
<Content>North (!!) of Seattle Seattle currently is going through a major road Construction project. I-5 through Seattle has lane closures all day long. If you are planning an activity near the airport, Safeco Field, or in the city, be advised you will most likely be sitting in traffic coming from or going to the hotel.That being said, once here the place is great. 4 stories of comfort. Breakfast area I thought was a little small but the 2 women working it were constantly refilling all of the empty bowls and pitchers.Room was very comfortable and clean.However, I did not explore the local area during my visit which I think was a good idea. I get the feeling that this hotel is not in the best of neighborhoods.If headed to Seahawks Training Camp in Kirkland, to Everett, or Vancouver, this would be the place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RoamingTheGlobe
<Content>A little far for downtown tourists I booked this hotel based on reviews on TripAdvisor. This was my first trip to Seattle and I don't mind staying a little out of the way to save some money. However, I was a little confused about the location, because there are to HIE hotels on Aurora Ave. The downtown Airporter from SeaTac will not take you to this one. We got dropped off at the 226 Aurora location and payed $20 for a taxi to this correct location. The hotel itself was very clean and the staff were polite and helpful. My sister and I shared a spacious room with 2 queen beds, with a view of downtown and Mt. Rainier in the distance. We were on the 4th floor and the road noise didn't bother us. The front desk provided an ethernet cable to hook up my laptop to the free high-speed Internet in the room. Breakfast was good and there were plenty of options. There was adequate parking in the lot for our rental car. For going downtown, the bus stop is a 5-minute walk from the hotel, but give yourself plenty of time because it takes about 30 minutes and doesn't run on schedule. I recommend having a car for the entire stay or staying closer if your primary goal in Seattle is tourism. Overall, nothing bad to say about the hotel. We had a good, comfortable stay, though we did not have a chance to take advantage of the indoor pool!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Sagebrush
<Content>Great Value Good value for a travelling family. We booked a King efficiency suite which had a king sized bed, sofa bed as well as a fridge, sink and microwave with cupboards. The pool facilities were clean as was the room. The service was good and the parking and internet were included. A bit of a drive to downtown, but worth it considering the much lower room price.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	4	5	

<Author>Zingera
<Content>Neat Freaks Welcome Here! I am a neat freak mom travelling with a high maintenance family. This hotel was perfect in every way. Clean, comfortable, economical, breakfast was great, pool clean, laundry convenient, no extra charge to park, service friendly and excellent. There was absolutely nothing to complain about. It exceeded my expectations. Location great. Rooms well appointed. I will go there again and again. Our room was facing the north back so it was totally quiet.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kikatika
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Hotel and Suites on July/07 , the front desk staff was really friendly and helpful with directions, restaurants, etc.The location is great, we were able to walk to the Space Needle, and many atractions. Breakfast was what you can expect, cereal, toast, hard boiled eggs, etc.The down side was that the room was kind of small, and the house keeping came to clean really late, by then we had come back to our room to take a break, so we did not had our room done for 3 days. The swimming pool room was very hot, and the pool was small.But over all, I would recomend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>CB1978
<Content>I loved this hotel! Okay, it's the Holiday Inn Express, so you know what you're getting. It's not the ritz, but its really comfortable, and the location is great. It's in a perfectly safe area. Not slap bang in the middle of the city but walking distance from everything. (And really really close to the space needle). It also has the advantage of being right beside the Holidy Inn, which has a bar in it - there wasn't much in the way of bars nearby so that was handy. I think the Holiday Inn might also have a restaurant too but I can't remember. We paid for a basic room but got upgraded to a suite, so we had our own little kitchen with a fridge, kettle, microwave etc - which was very handy. There is no restaurant or room service in the hotel, but they have a menu for surrounding takeaways who will deliver to your room, so that was great. We got lovely pizzas from a near-by takeaway.I HAVE to coment on the breakfast bar!!! I don't usually eat breakfast at all, but I was at that breakfast bar every morning without fail. They have loads of stuff and you just go up and help yourself (so if you have a big appetite you do very well out of it cos you can take as much as you want!). You can toast your own bagels, make your own waffels, there's fruit, cereal, yoghurts, muffins, juice, eggs.....pretty much anything you could possible want. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Dianna/Texas
<Content>Excellent stay! Last week I stayed at this most excellent H.I. Express in North Seattle. I was in town (from Texas) under unfortunate circumstances ; my mother was unexpectedly very ill in the ICU at a local hospital. I checked in at about 3:30am. The front desk clerk came out to my car to help me in with my luggage (and I think also to make sure I was safe coming back in at this late hour;at any rate I really appreciated him doing this). Normally, as a rule, I do not stay at holiday inns (the old kind) as they tend to be older and run down. Well, I'm now sold on Holiday Inn Express. The room was a King suite, seperate sitting area w/couch and also a mini kitchen (all new and updated appliances). The beds were very comfortable, and they even have 4 pillows on the bed, two marked soft, two marked firm. Plenty of quality towels and toiletries. The shower head I've heard about was quite nice.The room was very clean and well kept. The area is just ok/located on busy Aurora, but I was given a room toward the back of the hotel, so street noise was not an issue. Free plentiful parking. Free breakfast/pastries/fresh fruit/bagels/coffee/juices. More than adequate to get you going in the morning. Free coffee all day. The staff here are TOP NOTCH. Have no qualms recommending this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HI102
<Content>Service was amazing! Room was very nice! I traveled to Seattle to look at apartments, it was a last minute trip and I hadn't made reservations. The manager of one of the properties I went to look at referred me to this hotel. We called, made reservations, and arrived at the hotel shortly after. We checked in and the front desk clerk (Kristina K.) helped us with some restaurant suggestions. We got to chatting and I told her I was up there to look at apartments. She was the nicest, most helpful front desk clerk I have ever encountered, and I am one! She got out the classifieds and circled some places for me to look at, she got me bus line brochures and explained them to me, she got me a map of the area's attractions and showed me directions to some really neat places. Later that night I called down to ask her about a library or someplace that I could find a computer (I had left my laptop at home) and she let me come to the office and use her's! The room was excellent also, tastefully decorated in rich red and gold, nice sheets and covers, and very clean. I was traveling with my grandmother and we stayed in a non-smoking ground floor room with 2 beds. The soap and shampoo in the bathroom smell so good, like cinnamon rolls or something! The continental breakfast was amazing! There were several types of juice, milk, coffee, and plenty of choices of things to eat, including bagels, danishes, fresh-baked cinnamon rolls, yogurt, boiled eggs, and many other choices. My whole experience was very nice, and I would DEFINATELY stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Expat_American
<Content>Great place to stay Don't be afraid to stay here, its a great hotel to stay in.Use priceline if you can to get the lowest rate and you will get a fantastic room for your price with free continental breakfast and free hot cookies after 6pm. Only 20 odd minutes from downtown by bus.We came via Shuttle Express to this hotel and it was easy to check in. There was a small hitch as the desk clerk didn't notice it was a priceline reservation ($60 a night) and tried to run my credit card. The computer had a hiccup with this issue but the clerk let us check in anyway and had it fixed within the hour.We got a room on the third floor on the street side and could hear the buses roaring by, but that lasts all of 15 secs as they go southbound. The drapes and the double window panes dampen the noise sufficiently that you can sleep and not be disturbed by it. My wife is a light sleeper and the noise didn't bother her.The room is very large and the beds are a little firm but not uncomfortable. The bathroom is very nice and there is coffee or tea that you can make in there as well. The shower is clean and very consistent in temperature. However the walls can be a little thin in the bathroom so you can hear the shower next door a little or the water draining from upstairs if your in the bed next to the bathroom. Room is cleaned daily in the later half of the morning.Maintance issues are dealt with as soon as possible.I don't know what that other person was going on about with the parking garage, as far as I know they don't have one and the parking lot when I was there was hardly full. There was a small convention with Asians being held in the hotels conference room but that was about all we noticed different about the place.Heres the great part of this hotel, desk staff bake fresh cookies after 6pm and they are free for you to take on your way up to the room or while you relax in the lobby. Breakfast is huge, with fresh baked cinnamon rolls along with the usual continental breakfast.Fresh coffee along with fresh juice and skim and 2% milk for cereal or whatever. Theres bagels and bread and cereal in containers. Eat as much as you want and watch big screen morning television in the dinning room.There is a indoor pool and a small fitness room on the ground level if you want to use them.There are bellman's luggage carts inside the front door for you to use to take your luggage up to your room.The desk staff will give you extra time on checkout if you have a busy schedule. I got 2 hours extra without any hassle.If you need to ride the bus they will make change for you.The bus stop is a few minutes walk to the north. Buses run in and out of downtown into the late night.Across the street and within a few minutes walking distance are a few restaurants ( Las Margaritas, a family chain of sit down mexican food and Taco Time a northwest chain of fast food mexican). If you go north into Shoreline on the bus a few stops you can find a McDonald's and Taco Bell as well as sit down restaurant for dinner and a smaller dinner called Shays which serves a big breakfast for a affordable price.Safeway (155th and Aurora) is also in this area as is a Walgreen's on the corner of 145th and Aurora.Just about everything you need for a short stay is in this neighborhood. Plenty of pizza places will deliver as well.Check the front desk binder for restaurants that will deliver or that you can go to. Price varies from affordable to fancy. All are recommended by the various hotel mangers and staff.Overall a nice place to stay and I would stay there again if priceline gave it to me.Sorry no photos, but it's no different than the candids or the hotel photos.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RoadTripTexan
<Content>Nice Non-smoking room. This hotel is located in the Northgate Mall area. Not really near a mall, that I noticed, but it's in an area where real people live and work. I didn't want to pay for parking, so we opted for the north side of town. There is a plant nursery next door, which our room faced. There is a small trailer park behind the property. We drove the block before checking in and I felt that it would be safe for a night, and it was. I booked a N/S King effeciency, which was nice and roomy. If you haven't stayed at a Holiday Inn Express, do it just for the shower experience. I love the scent of the shampoo, conditioner, and hand lotion! The shower curtain bows out, so it's nice and roomy. The room was also nice and quiet! This was my first time to book at a HI Express, and I've stayed at 2 more since this one in other cities and had the same nice experience.The room was clean and the decor was nice and well maintained. Now about dining. . . There is a mall area near the SeaTac airport. We ate at the Claim Jumper Restaurant and had a wonderful experience! Love the rustic decor and the food was great. I had a big sandwich and my hubby had a burger at lunch. I'd go there again. Just make sure you have a really good map, because the freeway entrances and exits don't line up at every intersection.I wanted to eat dinner someplace with a view, but not pay an arm and a leg. We found a nice Chinese food restaurant the overlooks Lake Union. Their dinner specials were priced well and included soup and an egg roll with the meal.There's so much to see and do in Seattle. This time we went on the Underground Tour. While I think it was overpriced, I did learn why there are purple glass tiles in the sidewalk of Pioneer Square. If they weren't there, the underground sidewalks would be a lot darker than they were. When reading other comments about the Underground Tour, I found out that Seattle has a Klondike expedition National Park office near Pioneer Square. We didn't make it there before it closed, but we'll have to see it on the next trip to Seattle. We also took the Argosy boat tour that starts downtown and ends up on Lake Union. I thought we would get to ride the boat back to downtown, but you board a bus that takes you back. Oh well, we hopped in the car and went back to Lake Union for Chinese food, anyway. The boat ride was wonderful! The captain pointed out many of the local sights and histoy, but the coolest part was going from sea level to lake level in the locks! (Look for the Hiram Chittenden Locks) At certain times of year, you can see the salmon jump up the fish ladder to get to lake level. And then we got to see the house where Sleepless in Seattle was filmed. (or at least the exteriors) Hope you have a wonderful trip! Thanks for reading.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nyuszi
<Content>Bad experience all around We chose this hotel because it was a free stay thanks to my boyfriend's office. Well, you get what you pay for. We booked a King Suite with Jacuzzi Tub. The tub was awesome, but the room was not really a suite. It was merely an extra large room with a microwave and mini fridge. There was no second room, no sofa or couch, not even a real work desk area, and the bathroom sink/vanity area was in the same room as the bed, without so much as a divider. So, that was disappointing.Worse than the room itself, was the service. The first day, instead of replacing our empty tissue box, housekeeping HID it! Then our bathroom exhaust fan mysteriously stopped working. We reported it to the front desk, but they never fixed it. And on our last full day, we returned to the room to find a dirty rag in the middle of our floor.I have had good experiences at other Holiday Inn Express locations, so I think this is just a bad apple.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	3	1	3	2	4	

<Author>PixKris
<Content>Surprisingly nice! We split our trip to Seattle into two hotels: one cheap and one nice. I was expecting the Holiday Inn Express (the cheap selection) to be clean, but I wasn't expecting much more. I was pleasantly surprised to find a friendly and attentive staff, a clean room, and beautifully soft linens including a real duvet! Since I hate those hard hotel comforters, I was thrilled. There was always fresh coffee, cookies, and milk downstairs as well. The only downside to this little gem is the neighborhood--while safe, it's hardly scenic--but I was very pleased with the hotel as a whole. Thumbs up!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amm925
<Content>Great value and location for Seattle I stayed a night at this HI location. The front desk clerk, although nice, was busy doing other work and did not process my check in correctly (i.e., frequent guest credit, etc.) nor did she know anything about bus routes into Seattle or the location of the local bus hub. In contrast, the check out was easy and perfectly handled. The room was clean and comfortable. This is an older property and while the interior is beautifully maintained, the exterior is not the most attractive building. Don't let that deter you from staying here. The breakfast was very good, the bus hub that takes you into downtown Seattle is a ten minute drive (free parking and literally a ten minute bus ride to Pike's Place fish market!) and there are numerous restaurants nearby. I would stay at this location again because it is an excellent value for a Seattle area hotel.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel The service at this Holiday Inn Express was excellent. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel had a computer room with a computer for a no charge expense. Breakfast buffet was great. The rooms were clean and had new furniture.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't be sold on those new showers I learned a long time ago that if a movie ad brags about the songs on the soundtrack more than the film itself, it will be a BOMB!Well, now I can say the same for hotels advertising their showerheads. OK so they have new showerheads and that is supposed to get me to take one of their rooms. Forget the showerheads! I stayed one weekend night at Holiday Inn Express on Aurora Ave in Seattle.I was going up to Seattle for a dinner and a show and wanted a nice place to stay. I had gotten a room through Priceline at a good price. I understand that you get what you get when you win Priceline but I have, in the past been able to upgrade or change beds etc.When I called I was informed the room would be a smoking room. I asked for it to be change and was told that it can鈥檛 be done over the phone. The desk clerk informed me that she didn鈥檛 have the authorization???So when I got to the hotel鈥y the way, the official directions say 7 miles from Downtown鈥O! More like 15鈥ut in the boonies...and the directions are not the best. Exit at 172 and drive forever. I drove down Aura until I thought I was in Canada, why could they have directed me to an exit a bit closer to the actual hotel? I did find some as I was leaving. 132 Street leads to a great exit and on ramp.At check in I asked for a non-smoking room and was told I should have asked when I made the reservation. I was told there were no non-smoking rooms available. All were booked. I mentioned that my traveling partner had recently had surgery and needed a smoke free room. They offered to 鈥渟pray it鈥?for me. (That spray smell is all over the hotel鈥llergies beware.) I said no I would have to cancel my reservation. Suddenly, the clerk 鈥渕agically鈥?found a non-smoking room. Just like that! So I was shocked at that behavior. (are non smoking rooms for non Priceline guests?The walk to the room was a long one. (Especially for my traveling partner) The room it self was nice鈥lean and cheery. And the bathroom was very clean and well kept. Later I would discover that those beds are stiff and uncomfortable. Eager to explore, I headed into the hotel. First I found the exercise room鈥 bike and a treadmill鈥h well. As for the pool. GROSS! So much chlorine that my mouth literally burned, not to mention my eyes. A sign states that the pool is open until 10PM but I saw small children and parents swimming at 2:00 AM. A warning card in the bathroom says not to take a towel from the room down to the pool because they are provided for you. But apparently not after a certain time. There were no towels by the pool and I dripped all the way back to the room. (Still no towels at 2:00AM)Now for that showerhead. I died laughing. There was only enough pressure to make the showerhead work, barely. Like a toddler taking a tinkle. There is an ad proudly hanging from the shower head that say something about staying in the shower all day鈥es, but only because that鈥檚 the only way to get clean with the drizzle I got. Ask when you call about certain amenities listed on the website. No kitchenette, no microwave, not refridge, no morning paper???? Maybe those are for the guest in the suites?Parking is first come first serve so come early. Upon leaving, I was blocked in by a van that couldn't find a spot the night before so just parked behind us where there was no spot. (Not the hotel's fault.)Ah, the only redeeming quality, breakfast buffet. Cinnamon rolls, hard-boiled eggs, coffee, cereal, juice. It WAS nice. (Oh and the cable TV. That is good too.)At check out I turned in my keys and was given a verbal 鈥渢hank you鈥? No receipt or papers or comment card. NOTHING.Will I stay again? Probably not. I think it isn鈥檛 worth the money or the drive from downtown. I went home and took a nice hot LONG shower in my own bathroom. There鈥檚 nothing like home!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bigjimc
<Content>Helpful staff, nice room Stayed at the North Aurora Holiday Inn Express on March 14-15, 2005. The location was choosen due to its proximity to where the spouse was having outpatient surgery. The handicap-accessible room was large and nicely equipped, but you would think they would put the handicap rooms near the elevator, rather than almost at the opposite end of the hotel from the elevator. A minor annoyance, there was no telephone on either side table at the head of the bed. The front desk staff were exceptionally helpful. When they heard that my wife was having the surgery, they volunteered that the hotel had special rates for outpatients, and gave me a card to have signed by the hospital, which I did and received a very good rate. This hotel is reasonably priced (even without the special hospital rate) for its location and value. Just keep in mind that its location is about 15 miles or so North of downtown Seattle, or about a 20-minute drive (or much worse during commute hours). The Aurora Avenue location is a busy commercial highway, and not an area to go strolling around late at night.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>volleyballnut
<Content>Very good experience Our family recently stayed 3 nights at the Holiday Inn Express on Aurora. We were very pleased with the cleanliness, helpful staff and convenient location. The room was very quiet and everything was in good working order. Parking was convenient, well-lit and FREE!!We plan to stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

