<Author>mal51
<Content>Loved the Melia Caribe Tropical I went to this resort with my 12 year old daughter, also my eldest daughter who celebrated her 30th birthday there, her partner and their two children ages 3 and 5. We were a bit worried about all the negative reviews that we read before we went, and we should not have worried. We stayed at the resort from the 8th til the 22nd Dec. and we had a great time. We left London, Gatwick with First Choice flying Premier Class which was GREAT definley doing Premier again. We had booked Royal Service at the resort, so okay the rooms are not great, but the service was BRILLIANT we had two enjoining suites the people could not do enough for us The food was Excellent we tried all of the resteraunts except the japanese as that was closed.We enjoyed the Gabi that was our favorite also the Thai. My daughters 30th Birthday was wicked the people at the Gabi made it very special for her and the Birhtday cake was lovely.The Royal Service have their own Lounge which has free internet also nibbles and drinks throughout the day and the people there could not do enough for you. The childrens entertainment team were good and also the entertainment at night was very good. There was special touches at the Royal Service like the small hand towels in the washrooms, the lovely smell of oils in the Gabi, and the pool area I like the fact that Royal Service have their own pool and part of the beach., and their own resteraunt.Our butler Manny was great he ran a nice bath for us with oils and flowers, and turned our beds down in the evening. Room service was great maid service was every day and that also was great , The people are very friendly, and we would all go back again  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lucatony
<Content>Excellent Trip My wife and I just returned from a stay at the Melia Caribe over New Years with our two sons, aged 6 and 5. Overall we had an excellent stay and would not hesitate to return.The staff at the Hotel was great and always polite. The food was never a problem, the buffet was fine and the restaurants were very good. I consider myself a pretty basic but picky eater, and I enjoyed every meal we had.The atmosphere was very family friendly, with a lot of other kids for ours to play with. There was a kids club which looked well organized, but our kids had much more fun playing on the beach and the pool.Our room was very clean, no maintenance issues at all, and overall the resort was very well manicured and extremely clean. We chose to stay in the Royal Service area, which had a few extra ammenities, but we spent all of our time in the main pools and on the beach. We chatted with a lot of other guests who were also enjoying the stay.We avoided the time share sales pitch all together and just rejected the invitations when they came. We were never pestered and they took no thanks for an answer, but some other people we met got trapped in a 3 hour seminar.Overall a great experience and we would not hesitate to go back.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>conniejo688
<Content>Wonderfrul We (my husband and I) spent the Christmas holidays (12/25-12/31/08) with our kids (37-21) and grandkids (12-7) at this resort. We are members of the Sol Melia Vacation Club so we were in the Royal Service rooms and had access to the RS beach, pool and Gabi restaurant. Our adjoining suites were beautiful and clean. We had no trouble with our dinner reservation requests. All were booked on the day time period requested. We ate at the Japanese, Italian, American Grill, Seafood, and Mexican. They were all very good. My favorite was the Japanese, but other family members like the others the best. The Gabi and other buffets had a very large selection to chose from. Our 7 year old is a picky eater, but always found something to eat. The 7 and 10 year old did do the Kids' club one day and enjoyed it, but there are additional costs for the events there. The only tour we did was deep sea fishing, which was ok (seas were rough and we didn't catch anything), but the the crew was very nice (it wasn't their fault that the weather was not good and the fish were not biting). The beach, pool and grounds were so beautiful and there were plenty of chairs of space. We did not feel crowded what so ever. The staff were all very friendly and spoke/understood English. Some did better than others, but remember, we are in their country, thank goodness I did not have to speak spanish! They are all very patient in trying to understand or get through to you. The spa was wonderful. We had a couples massage and my daughter had 4 different massages. Our daughter owns her own spa and we all agreed that they were well worth it. I highly recommend the spa.Please read the reviews with a grain of salt. You will always find someone who will not like a resort and someone else who will love it.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meginmd09
<Content>Relaxing and Wonderful Two families spent the week between Xmas and New Years at the Melia -- five kids ranged in age from 4 to 10. Everyone had a relaxing and fun time. We highly recommend the Melia. Pros: (1) Bavaro beach is gorgeous -- soft, powdery white sand that stretches for miles. The waves are very gentle and the kids swam freely in the ocean. It made for great walks too.(2) The property is beautifully landscaped and maintained. It is very large and spread out. Although trams are frequent, we preferred walking on the many paths. The rooms are spacious and clean, although not particularly fancy.(3) The food is surprisingly good for an all-inclusive. Breakfasts and lunches are in open air pavilions on the beach with a buffet. We had our dinners in the many, varied restaurants; enjoyed them all. The staff throughout the resort was always very friendly -- especially with the kids.(4) The public spaces, including the restaurants, are very pretty and inviting. Lots of open air lounges with comfortable seating and flickering lights. Made for very pleasant evenings.(5) The kids enjoyed a few days in the kids club. Activities included a zip line/ropes course (for $10 a day per kid), as well as beach, pool games, and tennis.Cons(1) Lots of smoking because many Europeans stay at this resort.(2) You have to make dinner reservations each day for the following day, starting at 9am. The line is often busy or rings without an answer. Although we successfully got reservations every day, who needs the stress while on vacation? They should change this system.Overall, this is a very nice all-inclusive resort that caters particularly to families.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lynniepie
<Content>Great Royal getaway What a great pampered vacation, we stayed over Thanksgiving, a family of 4, (including 21 and 14 year olds). We stayed Royal service and I loved it, the Gabi Club dining selections were exceptional, and it was easy to get reservations for all the resaurants, we tried Thai, Dominican and Japanese, I loved the Thai, but they all were great. I even switched reservation times twice and it was no problem. The pool area as the beach were immacualte and we had no problems getting the shuttle golf cart to the beach, we offten walked back as we just didn't want to wait, had breakfast at the Caribe buffet a few mornings with a gorgeous view of the ocean. The weight room was great and I loved getting up each morning and walking the property, could put in a good three miles on the paved walkways, but runners were up and about also. Our room was wonderful and we tipped every other day. Flowers abounded! Everything was fully stocked each day, free internet and we often walked down to the lobby for a paper, the Miami Herald. Water pressure was great! I'd go back in a heartbeat! The staff was very nice and only got bothered by the dreaded time share presentation twice and it was easy to tell them no! We did two trips off the property, ATV( the guys) and a day trip to Sanoma(sp) Island. Would not do that again, left the property at 730am and even though it was by bus you stop at every hotel to pick up and drop off so we were exhausted and did not get back until 8:45pm. The snorkeling was great, the rest only so-so but if you want to see the country, you get your wish. Yes this property was large and we probably didn't see it all although if you are a walker you are in paradise. met wonderful families and couples and they even served turkey at the Gabi on Thanksgiving. Not a big drinker ,I found the liquor selections and wine fine. Only caught a few shows and we were by the casino, but the 21 year old enjoyed it. the 14year old was kind of caught in the middle, too young for casino but too old for the games, he did make some pool friends. I thought this resort was well maintained and delightful and would love another week!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rightcoastgirl
<Content>A Beautiful Place with A Few Quirks We stayed at the Melia from Dec. 12-19. It is a beautiful place and the negative reviews are exaggerated. It's on the lower end of the luxury scale but definately not a budget or tourist hotel. For the price, it is definately worth the money. Some of the staff, especially the females, are a little standoffish...but for the most part, it didn't detract from the vacation. The Japanese and Thai restaurants were delicious.We decided to purchase Royal Service and from what I observed, it definately was worth the extra money - especially the service, Gabi Restaurant and the expediency of concierge attention. The room is pretty ordinary but it seems like in the Dominican Republic, you get what you pay for.We took the Bavara Tour excursion and it was awesome. Be forewarned, eat before you go because you drink a lot of good booze in this all day excursion.We would definately come back to this hotel and purchase royal service. It is not a Paradisius but it is a step above a mid-grade hotel  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>C_Ville_VASean
<Content>Ripped off, beware This place is not special, but I guess it's a bargain. Since it's lower end, expect poor and slow service. Also, the help will bully you into tipping them. I was staying for a wedding. They made us pay with a credit card when we checked in, stating that (for some unknown reason) they could not use the Travelocity reservation, but that they would not charge Travelocity. What are you supposed to do in this situation, so we payed.Guess what? They charged us twice for the same nights! I tried to get this resolved with them. No luck, they usually don't answer the phone and there is never a manager. Travelocity was not helpful, but from their point of view, I guess that makes since. Nevertheless, I'll probably go with Orbitz or some place else. Then my VISA card looks into it and accepted the lie that it was an additional tax. An additional tax of 100%?? This is who they are at Melia in the DR, so beware.P.S. roaches and snakes  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>marinocmar
<Content>terrible From day one we [my wife and I] had nothing but problems. The first was with the room, we were put in the Flinstones suite with two seperate beds, as we are young did not find this to good. we asked to be moved but were told they could not do this. Then the problems continued with the door lock not working, we were locked out 4 times with maintenance only coming twice. The last time my wife asked the cleaing girl to let her in at which point the girl insisted my wife call the front desk while she stood over her and continued to ask don't you speak spanish. We found 80% of the employees were on the rude side and could not be bothered to help us, especially the lobby staff. When I asked to speak to a Manager one was never available. I don't know how you expect to stay in business if you keep running the way you are going.The food we found to be Passible for ok except for the Japanese. On the last day as we were leaving, we recieved a bill for a safe to which we never had. When complaining about it they sent a maintenance man and security to the room to check it out, as if we wwere lying to get out of a 14.00 bill.We were there for a Medical conference with 140 people, if they go back there for another one we will not go.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vacationgirl001
<Content>A lovely place to stay After reading the reports on Tripadvisor I was really not looking forward to staying at the Melia, but how wrong can you be. Yes we did find check in a little slow but apart from that we found a great place to stay. The rooms were clean and good sized but could possibly be a little updated. We never had any problems getting around you could use the train they ran or the guys who went around in the golf buggies, but most of the time we chose to walk everywhere, as it was never to far. The restaurants were all good quality and we did try them all. Breakfast and lunch we ate at one of the beach front restaurants and there was always a good selection of food and the staff were always helpful and friendly.The beach and pool areas were good, never had a problem getting a sunbed as there was always lots of ones free.The only problem we had did mean that we had to change our room but this was very quickly and efficiently and they were very quick to find us another room even though the hotel was quite full.Overall we had a great holiday good food and very little to complain about, but my main compaint would be that the restaurants air conditioning was to cold for my liking, but that is not the end of the world.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>CanadianTravelers1
<Content>Things Have Changed At This Resort - Timeshare Clients Are Number #1 This is our third visit to this resort. We are a family of three and travel south at least three times a year. We chose the Melia Caribe Tropical again as we enjoyed our previous stays in 2005 and 2007. (By the way I always said I would not return to any resort - too many others to see.) Well this trip we noticed the Melia had changed for the worse, very sad. Grounds are still beautiful and restaurant food still good. We are at 6 of the restaurants but the Capri (Seafood) is still the best. We noticed changes to the variety and quality of food at the buffets. The last two visits to the resort they changed food often, it was always hot and the table service excellent. This time not so good. VERY SHORT STAFFED AT THIS RESORT! Staff advised us of layoffs. The pool and the beach had floating garbage in them continuously. Now due to being short staffed they were not cleaned regularly/daily. Lots of seaweed this time of year and very dirty to enter ocean but much improved further out in the water. As for the garbage - can really only blame the vacationers ffor this. Do you toss your garbage in your own pool or leave on your lawnbed. Also noticed that by 8 am on both sides of the resort there were no lawnbeds as people claimed them with their towels only and then left for hours! Some went golfing till 3 pm then dropped by to pick up there stuff. How rude. Signs are posted but this does not stop. Unfornately this puts a damped on your own attitude as if you want to actually stay at the pool you have to move someones stuff and endure an agrument 5 hrs later when they return. SIGSN ARE POSTED - NO RESERVING - RESPECT THE RULES LIKE YOU SHOULD! Just a quick note on the cleanliness of the pool bathrooms and the rooms. If you were lucky your room would get a quick clean but you had to wait till the late evening for towels. If something in your room did not work like your AC or drain in the tub - no such luck in them fixing ever during your stay. WE THINK SINCE THIS RESORT IS NOW MOVING TO PARTIAL TIMESHARE THE STAFF TREAT YOU DIFFERENTLY. Do not pay the extra money for Royal Service unless you are booking a family suite ( one or two bedroom). RS junior suites are the same as the regular suites.WE WILL NOT BE BACK!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>mandarinkaCanada
<Content>Amazing       wedding on the beach  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Velocity_Blonde
<Content>Melia Caribe - nice and a good value       Beach  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>Beachwoman1
<Content>Relaxation and good food. My husband and I with four others spent five nights at Melia Caribe Tropical-Nov.26-Dec.1. The resort is very large and spread out but with the trains running every 15 minutes we had no trouble getting around. Our rooms were very good with minor things which could be improved. The food at the buffets and the beach grills was the best. We ate in the Japanese, Thai and Italian restaurants and were disappointed in all of them. It's not worth the effort it took to get the reservations in them. At the beach grills and the buffet you could see the food before choosing it and almost everything I ate there was good. And the variety was great. Something for everyone and every taste. It would be nice if they gave you a better map so you could know exactly what the lay out of the resort was. It took us a couple of days to really feel like we knew the resort well. I won $30 in the casino and my sister won $120. Played slots only. I put $12 in so my husband says I really won $18. My sister put about $25 in to win the $120. The shows we saw were really good. Especially the circus. We took a half day excursion to see some of the DR away from the resort. It was ok but not worth the $65 we payed for it. We surely would stay at this resort again if we return to the DR. The worst part of the whole trip was the time spent at the Punta Cana Airport when we were returning to Charlotte, NC. Of course it's not airconditioned but their check-in is soooo slow and then there is a long wait with not enough chairs for everyone to sit down while waiting. Some people were very inconsiderate lying down and taking up several seats. If they update their terminal with more restaurants and airconditioning it would be a more pleasant experience.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>barbietime
<Content>Not so friendly I decided to write a review because I often use this site to research my trips and it has been very helpful.This was my second visit to Punta Cana D.R. The first time my husband and I stayed at the Bahia Principe Hotel, rather large for my taste, but with excellent service and amazing food. Note: You can never complain about the beach when it comes to Punta Cana! Now this time around we stayed at Melia Caribe because we had a wedding next door at the Palma Real (which is way too expensive for our budget)So here goes...although the hotel and grounds are very nice at the Melia - the staff is not!! By the way I am hispanic so Spanish is my first language. They are defintely not friendly, kind of rude and will not go out of their way for anything. Including: towels, directions, some coffee, extra water, or any other request. Basically, they want to be left alone. The grounds are also extensive, and good luck trying to get anyone in a golf cart to stop and give you a ride to your room, even when they see you with luggage. Compared to the Bahia Principe Hotel and the Palma Real the food at the Melia is tasteless. I will not stay at this hotel again it is not worth it. I am thinking next time about the Riu Palace - it looks beautiful. Hope this helps in making your selection.VFMiami, Florida  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	1	3	

<Author>mayor95
<Content>Indifferent Staff DO NOT GO TO PUNTA CANA UNLESS YOU SPEAK FLUENT SPANISH! DO NOT GO WITHOUT TRIP INSURANCE!We were unable to arrive at the resort on the original day due to mechanical failure of the aircraft and the inability of the airline to get us to our destination. The airline (US Airways) was most helpful and did all they could to accomodate us including contacting the resort to ensure we could extend our stay as it was over the Thanksgiving Holiday. We had originally booked from Saturday returning on Wednesday but had to extend to Friday as the airlines could not provide a flight on Thanksgiving day. We arrived to find the resort unwilling to give us any credit for the day we missed and charging us in full for the two additional days. In addition, while at the resort we rented the in room safe. On the third day we attempted to use the safe only to find it did not work. We went to Guest Relations and told them of our problem. They reissued our room keys. The next day my husband and son went on an excursion and I went to enjoy the beach. The room safe again did not work. When my guys returned they found neither of their room keys worked! We again went to Guest Relations and had to argue to get them to reissue working room keys. When we checked out and explained the issue of the broken room safe we were met with a shrug and no offer of any kind to credit us. This was a piddly $10 US dollars but it was the principle that mattered and showed us more than anything the unwillingness of the resorts in Punta Cana to extend themselves in anyway to make your vacation enjoyable. This is our second and last trip to Punta Cana. We are frequent travelers and love going to the Caribbean and have run into issues before. We always found if we were reasonable we could expect a reasonable resolution to the problem - EXCEPT IN PUNTA CANA. I cannot stress enough the need to have at least a good understanding of Spanish as very few on the staff we met could speak or understand English. Even those behind the reception desk and at guest relations had limited understanding of English or the ability to communicate effectively in English  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>PaulaandChris
<Content>Another fantastic vacation       Gabi pool  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>newbieCanada
<Content>Fantastic Resort! Melia Caribe is an awesome resort. We just got back and can't say enough about the place. Let me first of all say we did not go Royal Service - way out of our budget - but i can't see that it made any difference. Service we received was excellent. The Room was gorgeous and very clean, nice linens! Maid Service was great, left us lots of water everyday. Service overall was fabulous, the staff were so eager to please and very friendly. English is definitely difficult for most of the staff, having said that, you are in a spanish country so my spanish is even worse than their english. Management seemed to be able to speak english well, as well as french and russian. Lots of Europeans come here. Which would lead me to the only complaint - smokers - just not used to that any more. But whatever - that's got nothing to do with the restort.Food was really good. We had no trouble at all getting into the Japanese restaurant which was very good. We also ate at the Mexican(it was ok) the French (very good) and the American Grill (good). Buffet food was always fresh and we at salads and fruit - no one good sick - they use filtered water at the resort to prepare food so no worries there. Loved the omelet bar at the breakfast buffet and loved eating at the beachside buffet, what a gorgeous setting. Great service at all the bars as well, never had to wait to get a drink and they do make fabuous drinks. We had drinks most nights at most of the bars and they are beautifully decorated, fabulous atmosphere.Pool was cleaned everyday. We were up early most days and saw the pool guy vaccuming and skimming the pool everyday. In fact i would say that they had one staff member working on the pool all day long - frequently saw him scrubbing the water line as well. Pool itself was not crowded, it could be difficult to get a chair as most people put their towels on a chair and then never seem to come back - hate that. But we always managed to find somewhere poolside to sit. The pool is huge, and absolutely beautiful.Beach was the best! We are total beach people, and this one does not disappoint. You can walk for miles and miles, beautiful powdery sand and beautiful palm trees. They cleaned it as well every morning, raked up the seaweed and lined up the chairs. Water is not crystal clear as it is in some other carribbean islands, but you are on the Atlantic, not the carribbean sea. It was probably about 80 - 85 degrees, nice for a cool off. It was very wavy there, seemed like the wind never stopped blowing, is that because it is on the east side? or is it the time of year? no idea. But atleast it cooled you off and when it got to be too much we hit the sheltered pool. There was also lots of shaded areas on the beach for those that prefer that.This resort is so beautiful, both inside and out. All the public rooms are beautifully decorated and the grounds are immaculate - they work very hard at keeping it that way. Yes it is a huge resort, and there is the train that takes you around it if you prefer. We like to walk, it was probably a 15 minute casual walk from our room to the main resort/restaurant area. But it was lovely - we enjoyed the walk and only took the train a couple of times.The one bad thing - time shares - they are very aggressive when you first arrive, we almost got sucked in. But then they seem to realize after a few days and move on to the new arrivals. And they do speak good english!! It was a bit annoying at first, bu then they left us alone. And they are only located in the main reception area, so if you don't go there, then you would never know about the time shares.We also made use of the gym and the spa - great new equipment, a little small for the number of people using the facilitiy but i think we went at the busy time of day. Also had a hot stone massage when we were there, absolutely wonderful, the best massage i've ever had. Highly recommend it.Go, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Yorkiegang
<Content>Lovely Setting, Lovely grounds. Arrived Thurs. Nov. 6th, impressed by position, grounds, pools, rooms ok after we changed for king size bed instead of 2 double beds.My wife spent Sat. in room all day due to stomach bug and sickness, then doctor sent her to hospital where she stayed for 3 nights on drip suffering from acute intestinal infection.Had fault with toilet it wouldn't flush and requested on numerous occasions for it to be fixed - never was had to fill up waste paper bin with water to flush down toilet.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Jupkachu
<Content>A bit disappointed I was down there for a wedding, first night when i walk into the room, there were crocoach crawling on one of the bed, bathroom door lock not working, they send a maintenance guy at 12:30 to try to fix it and told us that they cant get it done next day, on the next day , they came in while we were not in the room and kept our door wide open. we live on the main floor, when maid came into clean up , she forgets to lock the balcony door. twice out of 7 days. on the wedding day, we were told that the band on our wrist can be cut off for photo and can bring it to reception to obtain a new one without a problem, when we went to the reception to obtain a new one, they told us that we will need our passport to get it, send most of us back to the room. They should have a better communication with us, and should have more authority for customer service. also, with a la carte dinner, they always lost our reservation.The Beach is good, food is good, guy that gave us coconut to drink is good. Customer Service is so important and i think they need better training.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Pricey100
<Content>An amazing honeymoon at the Melia Tropical I just want to start by saying 'Wow'. After reading many of the reviews on here i was slightly apprehensive if we had made the right choice of hotel for our honeymoon. I can safely say we made the right decision. We booked Royal Service, which included private beach, seperate pool, golf buggies to take you wherever you wanted as the complex was very large, in the heat it was nice to hop on the back of a golf buggy. The main part of the hotel was just as nice, had a train running around the area to take people from A to B, we did not see inside the accommdations.The transfer from the airport was 25 mins and we got to the check in desk and got in the queue - only to realise as we had booked royal service - we got whisked off to a seperate check in with drink on arrival and took straight to our accommdation. This i was not prepared for, we had the master suite - royal service but had only booked junior suite so was pleasantly surprised. The accommodation comprised of Kitchen area and large fridge, dining area, breakfast bar, lounge, 2 x flat creen tvs, cd player, jacuzzi in the dressing area, large bedroom with flatscreen tv and then bathroom, very spacious and the air conditioning was amazing - as we needed it with the heat!We had breakfast each day at the Gabi, which is the royal service restaurant, the food was delicious and the breakfast buffet changed some of the items each day which was nice.We ate at the Gabi one night, it can be buffet or a la carte. Our favourite restaurant was the Mexican, we ate their twice. We also ate at the Dominican, American, Italian - they were all lovely. The waiters cannot do not enough for you and your glass was never empty.The entertainment in the evening was varied. We chose to watch a few shows and also enjoy the slot machines in the casino.We spent most days either by the royal service pool or on the beach. The pool had a little grill area, where you could get snacks e.g hot dogs, nachos, chicken, fries, popcorn, salad and pizza if you didn't want to have a sit down meal. This pool also had a swim up bar, i loved this!The main beach had a buffet restaurant which we enjoyed at lunch time, there were 100s of dishes on offer, spoilt for choice. My husband is very 'picky' with his food and he did not starve to say the least.There are lots of excursions to choose from either from reception or by the beach for the water-sports. We enjoyed the panoramic glass bottom boat tour, although i got sea-sick :(I could go on and on about this wonderful hotel, maid service was to a very high standard and always left a chocolate or a little flower on our bed. The gardens all around the hotel were amazing and so green.The time share people got a little annoying, they start off by syaing have you seen 'this invitation' just stick to your guns and say no - that is if you don't want to go, as we didn't!The hotel truly was brilliant and i could not fault it, please do email me if you need any help!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flowman692003
<Content>great place The place is great .the food is ongoing all day long.and you can drink all day long .the workers. from joe the plummer to the boss's are great . you need to have dollar bills so you can tip them . you have to remember that the workers do not make much money . and they work lots of hours anyway the resort is great but do not go out of the resort . the vendors from the airport to the resort even inside the airport they overcharge you . they have a concept that its ok to rip you off . i rented a car in santo domingo and drove to punta cana at the airport there are no price posted on the food they have two prices one for the people that are from there and another for the outsider .at the rental they wanted to charge me for a map i told them no that io will call the company then they gave me a map . so just be smart  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>mkdlovestotravel
<Content>Wonderful experience We just returned from a wonderful stay at the Melia caribe tropical. The property is gorgeous and so well kept. I was concerned after reading some of the reviews but there is no need to be. No question the people working at the Melia caribe are on island time but they are in the islands so as long as you have reasonable expectations you will be thrilled. The pools, beaches and grounds are gorgeous, the staff is overall very friendly, the food was well above average and the price is right. We used the little kids camp for our 3 year old and our 18 month old and they did a wonderful job. Loved our time at the melia Caribe tropical  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Elitefreak
<Content>Enjoyed our week at the Melia My family of 4 (son 16, daughter 13) spent a week at the Melia. Overall, we liked it much better than our August 2008 stay at Beaches Negril, but the Melia still is inferior to our favorite; the Iberostar Riviera Maya complex (Lindo/Maya). Now for specifics. Lots of people have commented on how expansive the place is 鈥?and they are correct. However, if you divide the resort up into two main chunks, it becomes much more manageable (although on your first day, you will be bewildered as to how you are going to find your way around). Area 1 (as I鈥檒l call it) is the beach, pools, and most (but not all) of the room buildings, and Area 2 is the lobbies, restaurants, casino, and theater. We spent most of the day (breakfast, pool, beach, lunch) in what I called Area 1. For dinner and entertainment in the PM, you have to move to Area 2, which is a 15 minute or so walk (not bad unless it is really hot) or you can wait for the tram shuttle.Pools are enormous and lounge chairs and palapas were always available (although we definitely were there in the off season). On the one hand, I really was happy to see, on Day 2, that there was a worker going around the inside edge of the pool and wiping it down (in Beaches Negril, there was a brown scummy film all around the sides of the pool). So Melia got a point here. But, on Day 3, there was a definite drop in the water level in the one pool ( the 鈥渋sland鈥?areas were no longer covered in a light layer of water AND (more importantly) the water level did not reach into the skimmers). By Day 5, there was so much debris floating on the water鈥檚 surface that many people were commenting on it. I would have asked someone why the water was not filled to the right level, but it would have been impossible to find someone who both (a) knew the answer, and (b) spoke English. We moved to the other similar (large) pool for our final days, and the water was clean and clear there. The beach had scattered areas with what I鈥檒l call seaweed 鈥渄ebris鈥?(lying on the bottom) that you could avoid if you picked your entry point. Beach seaweed removed by the staff. Water was perfect temperature 鈥?not too hot. Slight (very slight) waves. No rocks to step on. And you WILL see topless sunbathers on the beach. The majority of the pool bartenders were unfriendly and almost surly at times, and it appears that if you want friendly attentive service, you need to duke (tip) the bartenders early on in your stay to get treated properly. We鈥檝e been to several all-inclusives, and tipping for better attention, stronger drinks, maybe even better liquor is common. But I still expect to be treated nicely and with some friendliness even if I haven鈥檛 bribed the staff to do so. RoomsWe would have liked a bit more cleanliness in our room 鈥?there were spots here and there that needed some work (especially the bathroom). Our Jr. Family Suite was perfect for 4 鈥?big king for me and Mrs., and two singles for our kids. Beds were comfy. Always had hot water in the shower (unlike Beaches Negril). Nice sized flat screen TV mounted to the wall (where we watched Obama defeat McCain 鈥?yay! 鈥?on Election Night), along with another standard tabletop TV. AC and ceiling fan kept us properly cooled.DiningBuffet breakfasts and lunches at the beach grille were well stocked and well run (proper chilling and heating of food). Daily paella was always tasty (sometimes with rice, sometimes noodles). Omelette station (I usually opted for two over easy each AM). Most days had fresh mango (luv it). Only major complaint I had was the 鈥渙range juice鈥? which to me tasted like diet Tang. Wait service was very attentive. Tables alongside the beach are especially nice with a terrific ocean view (although my daughter didn鈥檛 enjoy the family of peacocks that frequently patrolled this area for table scraps 鈥?and of course there were plenty of ignorant guests who allowed their kids to throw French fries to the birds (don鈥檛 think that is very good for them).We ate at 5 of the specialty restaurants. First a comment on the dress code, which is documented inconsistently. Website says men required long pants; hotel documents given to you say 鈥渓ong or short dress pants鈥? I had expected to wear long pants every night, but after reading this I wore a nice pair of Tommy Bahama silk shorts (certainly qualifying as short dress pants). However (and again, maybe because it was slow season) they appeared to let ANYBODY into the specialty restaurants. Long blue jeans, casual shorts (even some that were obviously bathing suits), sneakers, even a bizarre diner in fluorescent green Crocs 鈥?we saw it all. So, bottom line, is that if you are a considerate guest, you can and should bring/wear dressy short pants to the a la carte restaurants (as documented in the hotel papers they give you). As for the food, I will rate the restaurants in approximate order of enjoyment:Pagoda Thai 鈥?great d茅cor, tasty dumplings, spring rolls, soups (Thai soup was SPICY, wonton soup tasted different from US but I still liked it), duck salad, entrees (spicy shrimp, sweet and sour pork, duck). My daughter ordered 鈥渟callops with asparagus oyster sauce鈥? and she was given a dish with a mixture of seafood (maybe two scallops) and no asparagus. (There was another listed dish that was mixed seafood and I think they tried to serve that one to her). After trying to sort it out with the waiter (he seemed new, limited English), the headwaiter came over and gave some odd explanation that 鈥渢he menu was being changed鈥?(I didn鈥檛 buy this) but prepared a new dish with all scallops (but still no asparagus; we didn鈥檛 push it again). The taste, as with almost everything we ordered, was great. My spicy shrimp with cashews was delicious 鈥?but no cashews (they took it back and threw a few in). El Guapo Dominican 鈥?we all loved the fried cheese and seafood salad (kind of like a seviche) starters. Entrees were also excellent (pork chops).Mexican 鈥?expansive appetizer buffet that allows the nacho lover to layer tortilla chips, melted cheese, salsa, onions, and other goodies for a nice platter. Tasty tortilla soup and also a spicy shrimp soup. The fajita entrees we ordered were sparse but we pretty much filled up on the appetizers anyway. Coffee flamed tableside with Kaluha was a nice touch.Capri Seafood 鈥?my 鈥渟almon filet with shitake mushrooms鈥?was very good, but button mushrooms from a can are not shitake. There were a number of occasions when menu descriptions did not fit the dish (was this some cost cutting on the hotel鈥檚 part, perhaps?).The Japanese restaurant, despite all you have read from others, was our least favorite (and we have been to excellent teppanyaki restaurants in the NY/NJ area, as well as some nice ones in other Caribbean all-inclusives). Limited choices of starters (sushi was fine 鈥?mostly veggies and little fish). You choose from beef, chicken, seafood, etc for the main course. They first make a big pile of fried rice for everyone (this was VERY good) and then they prepare the entrees. But where the heck were the vegetables? Right before finishing the beef entrees, the chef throws on a small handful of shredded cabbage, and that was it. No grilled onions/squash/etc. Definitely a gap in the meal. PS 鈥?to the TripAdvisor review that said that the Japanese was one of the best meals of their lives 鈥?we must have eaten at different places during our lives. The Japanese was our only real disappointing meal. But they do offer hot or cold sake if you like that (as my wife and I do).EntertainmentProbably my single biggest complaint is that there is not enough communication to the guests about entertainment options. We were given a sparse one page document that supposedly described the activities for each day 鈥?but the only activity we ever saw was pool aerobics (and maybe this is because of the off season). The evening shows were sometimes mis-represented (and almost always never described in any detail 鈥?the night described as 鈥淚llusion鈥?(makes you think of magic, right?) was an audience participation quiz show (enjoyable nonetheless).Timeshare tourI had pre-planned to avoid the high pressure timeshare tour, but we ended up being 鈥渂efriended鈥?by Kelly, who eventually got us to take the tour after he provided us with (1) a free catamaran cruise and snorkel expedition provided by an adjacent resort (with open bar), (2) $70 in hotel credits (good for gift shop, casino, spa. Kelly told us that $70 was the most he could offer (we read other reviews where folks only got $50, so push for the $70 AND the cruise if you want your maximum money鈥檚 worth. Oh, and my wife and I only spent 30 minutes in the timeshare sell since we gave the sob story about the horrible US economy and that we didn鈥檛 expect to go on any vacation next year because of the uncertain situation.ClienteleThis resort attracts MANY non-Americans, and I have no problem with that EXCEPT for the fact that, apparently, the rest of the world has not been told that smoking causes cancer. SO MANY guests were constantly lighting up (at the beach, at the pool, in the open air restaurants and lounges, and even on the tram) and this was definitely something we had to deal with during our stay.Tips:When waiting for the tram in the PM at the lobby/restaurant area, wait at the first of the three 鈥淎rea 2鈥?stops (by the Tropicale lobby) - especially after the evening show ends so you will easily get a spot on the shuttle and not be stuck waiting for another one (this worked well for us).Avoid the dreadful fried ice cream if you go to the Japanese; opt for the much tastier fried banana with ice cream instead.The house red wine is reasonably drinkable. The house white wine was better than the red according to my wife. We probably most enjoyed the house champagne 鈥?especially the blush (pink) type. If you like gin, make sure you mix it with tonic, as my martini was not very good. The scotch was quite good (over ice). Rum, of course, is very good, and the (local) Presidente beer is also quite drinkable.If you see more than one menu item that you want, ask for it (kind of like if you are on a cruise). My son had two starters in the Thai restaurant (the waiter initially balked but I think this was to indicate that he was giving us some special treatment that might warrant us leaving him a few bucks 鈥?which we did do). We had extra courses in the Thai as well (starter, soup, salad 鈥?you are supposed to pick 2 of 3, but we were accommodated with all 3 courses). We also asked for an additional starter in the Dominican (fried queso 鈥?mmm) without issue. Lastly, don鈥檛 forget to go to your local Dollar Store and buy some cheap inflatable tubes to laze around the pool and ocean (especially the ocean if you want to avoid stepping on the seaweedy areas). Priceless!I will be happy to answer other specific questions if you have any 鈥?send me a message and I will get back to you.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>gfy06
<Content>Beautiful resort! The resort is HUGE and completely breathtaking. They have so manu garderners on staff it is crazy! They are constantly grooming the grounds. It was one of the most beautiful resorts I have ever seen.The rooms were really nice. We did nit do Roayl Service and I found everything to be pretty good. But then again - I do not know what I missing.The food was really good! We had NO problem at all getting reservations 6 out of the 7 nights we were there. We didn't try on the other night as we wanted to try the buffet. All restaurants were really good but our favorite was the Thai and the American Grill. The time share people were annoying but we just kept telling them no and they stopped asking.My biggest complaint would be the lack of organized children activites (if the kids weren't signed up for the kids clubs). Nightly entertainment was pretty lame. We were so tired so not big deal BUT my kids got bored after 5 days so 5 days would have been fine.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>JHH27012
<Content>Overwhelmed by hospitality       Us on the beach just before heading home  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EvenMartins
<Content>Never Stay In Sol Melia Sol Or Melia Of Any Kind!!!! When we first arrived we were on a train to our room (too far to walk, nothing to do by the rooms, strike one). I asked a fellow passenger what he thought of the place, he didnt sound enthusiasic, said 'its nice'. I asked about restaurant recommendations, he said they were supposed to have good food 'if you can get into one'. I was soon to find out what he meant. Our vacation was virtually ruined by staying at this awfully managed facility. While there are some positives, they are vastly out weighed by the negative. The best restaurants must be reserved at least one day in advance, and even when reserved we were often told at the door that our reservation was not there, or we had to go to the back of the line and wait to see if there would be room They were letting those who had time shares in ahead of us, and even when the restaurant was mostly empty we were told to wait. I literally had to make a scene in the restaurant to be seated, the hostess was rude and argumentative in at least one case. After 5 pm the pool bar closes, the pool lights go off, and the beach is unattended, un lit, with no activities. You are then forced to take a train from your room to the main building if you want to do anything that evening (or go to the unlit beach or pool). The main building has few if any fans and is open air so it is unbearably hot, the only air conditioning to be found is in your room, the disco, or the video game room. As for the rooms, nice, but other inclusives include soft drinks, beers, gift baskets, we did not have any. There was more stress arguing to get a seat in a restaurant then my vactions need, my attempts to address this issue wiht the food and beverage manager were unsuccessful, and the coorperate office told me that what I experienced was not anything for them to investigate because it does not happen, guess we imagined it. I WOULD NEVER STAY AT ANY SOL MELIA, MELIA, OR SOL RESORT EVER, AND YOUR A SUCKER IF YOU BUY THERE TIME SHARE (we did not). CONSIDER YOURSELF WARNED!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VacationBreeze
<Content>Fun Resort My Wife and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical during the week of Oct 24 and we truly had a great time in the resort. We stayed for 7 days. Our check in was fast and easy. I had requested to be close to the beach and pool and they honored it. However we did have to change rooms. Our first room 3406 had problems, the resort however changed our rooms with no problems. We had the Junior Suites, if I go back to this resort (which i will) I will opt for the Royal Service. The resort is beautifully landscaped, the restaurants are great and the activities at night are good. I walked the beach and noticed that our resort had the most visitors. Therefore their is more going on at this resort. It is family friendly with its own section of the resort dedicated to families with children, ask for the family Junior Suites. You will truly have a great time at this resort. If you are looking to get married this would be the resort. We saw around 4 weddings during our stay. Also, we did the safari tour with Prieto Tours, nice group of guys they will try to accomodate you during your stay in Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>walrus11
<Content>Great Value       royal service beach area  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stuckinTO
<Content>Impressed and looking forward for next year.       the tropical lobby  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dmvbythesea
<Content>AsYou'd Expect..... Beware the Timeshare Sellers! Let me just start by saying this resort was EXACTLY what we expected based on it鈥檚 5 out of 6 star rating and reviews I had read on Debbie鈥檚 Dominican page and other sites. There are two resorts here the Melia Caribe is geared towards the Americans and English speaking customers while Melia Caribe Tropical is geared towards the Europeans. From what I understand the main difference is the two have different check in lobbies, so the staff can speak that particular language. Everyone goes to the same beach, pools, restaurants, etc. The resort is large and spread out over several acres. The grounds are beautiful and well maintained. The shuttle service can be a very slow, especially around dinner time, when everyone is trying to get to the restaurants. Sometimes, when it did come it was full. Flag down a golf cart and tip the driver a few bucks. If they can take you to your destination they will. Food: Our experience was good at each restaurant we went to: Dominican, Chinese, American, and French. The steak at the French restaurant was out of this world. I eat steak maybe twice a year, this was so good. We did have a problem getting into our restaurants of choice. We were not able to get into the Japanese at all. We did get the French twice though and did not hesitate to go back. The buffet was good. You have to remember that they are trying to appeal all sorts of nationalities. All sorts of cheeses for breakfast (French), lox and chips and salsa (count me in!), tons of fresh fruits and juices. I did read about and experienced on our last day 鈥?a bird in the fruit bin. That grossed me out. Beach  Pool: I read where people complained about the seaweed on the beach. Let me tell you, I live on the Atlantic Ocean and no one is allowed to touch (clean up) the seaweed because it is a 鈥渘atural resource鈥? These people are out there every morning cleaning up the seaweed. Yes, there is some seaweed on the beach 鈥?Welcome to the Ocean. Also, it is a public beach - expect tp be approached by locals. The beach is clean and the water is warm (but not overly, like the Gulf of Mexico) yet refreshing. The sand is beautiful, however, for some reason no seashells or rocks (Odd). Not that, that is detrimental because you can go shoeless, on the beach where I live you need to wear beach shoes, lest you cut your feet. The pools were beautiful and well maintained as well. There is a swim up bar at the pool. The kids loved that. There is lots of shade for those who don鈥檛 want to spend the day in the sun. The pools are crowded. Lots of water sports to keep you busy,Entertainment: The entertainment basically begins at 10PM. Way too late for us, we were tired after a day in the sun and a big dinner. At the towel 鈥渉eadquarters鈥?at the pool you can get a schedule of events for the day. There is something going on all of the time; horseshoes, volleyball, dancing lessons, etc.. We did not do any of that, but it was nice to know you could if you wanted to. There is also water aerobics at the pool every day. That was a lot of fun. Non-motorized sports are included. For example, we took out a catamaran. The problem is you are supposed to have it for a certain duration of time but no one has a watch on them to know how long they have been out (or were they just having too much fun?). So you may need to wait, even if you reserved something for a specific time. Don鈥檛 blame the staff, it鈥檚 not their fault. We did parasailing right at the resort ($85 for two) which was SO worth it. The staff did an exceptional job. I had never parasailed before and I was nervous but they did a great job. Shopping: Twice a week the resort has local vendors. You probably heard about them whereas you can bargain with them. One day they are on the American side one day on the Euro, check with the resort, they were there Tuesday  Thursday. If you walk down the beach you can also find local vendors, they are like hawks looking for you though, I preferred the vendors at the hotel. FYI their local stone, Larimer comes in many different qualities. See the stones at the Euro gift shop so you are familiar with the stone and don鈥檛 expect real silver from any vendors. My daughter bought a Larimer bracelet from the gift 鈥渉ut鈥?near the pool and the stone popped out within 5 minutes, unfortunately we were already home, or else I would have brought it back. The gift shop on the Euro side is larger and has much more to offer. The water: 6 out of 8 of us were ill at one point. Basically we had the 鈥渟quirts鈥?for 陆 a day or so. Nothing that would ruin your vacation but make certain you have your medication of choice (I prefer Pepto Bismal, my sister prefers Imodium). One of the staff had the bartender fix me a local remedy with bitters, sprite, a little alcohol and who know what else. It was gross but they only gave me a 1/2 cup and I felt better. I was not so sick that it kept me from the pool 鈥?I just set up next to the bathrooms 鈥渏ust in case鈥? Timeshare: It is amazing how they know if you have attended. Once you attend they know it and leave you alone. Find out in advance what is expected of you. We were told if we sat through a 90 minute presentation, which was too much of my precious vacation time, so we bargained and received a $50 gift certificate (my sister used her for parasailing, I used mine in the gift shop). Once I told the salesman there was no way I would buy anything today and no way I would buy anything without researching customer feedback on the internet he lost interest in his sales pitch. Sounds good to me 鈥?took my $50 gift cert and I was outta there. Accomodations: Our room was nice enough, nothing special, but we did not spend much time there. A bidet in the bathroom, a small sitting area, nice balcony. The staff start pretty early in the morning on the grounds maintenance, so it gets noisy. Who can blame them? It gets hotter as the day progresses. We had ants in our room 鈥?but then we did have food which attracted them. Staff came and sprayed. We had heard stories and brought our draft protector to place in front of our door. We also found a dead bug in our room, but it was dead and in a tropical setting they are difficult to avoid. As long as they are not in the bed with me or something I鈥檓 good. You need bottled water. Tip the cleaning lady and she will set you up. We tipped her $5 our first day and we received a case of water. Remember you need it to brush your teeth and rinse your toothbrush, we had 陆 bottles everywhere. Don鈥檛 expect perfection. This is almost a 3rd world country. Staff may move slower than we are used to but they work long days and it is HOT. You would not move that fast either. You are on vacation, slow down, relax and enjoy. Bring washcloths! We brought our own washcloths because we heard none were available and they weren鈥檛. We left them for the cleaning lady when we checked out. And, if you use conditioner for your hair bring that too - none is provided.This place is not great but the shuttle we came in on made us nervous because it drop people off at some places that were so run down - I was afraid that was where we were going....... This was much better.OH! And if you lose your towel, you need to pay for it - precious commodity apparently  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>gfp3221974
<Content>Roach Motel We choose the Melia Tropical a 4 star resort. The resort grounds were beatifully manicured, it was a host to may different types of wild life. There were Flamingos, Peacocks, and white Egrets all over the property. The food and service was very good, the themed restuarants Japanese and Mediterranean were the best. The resort staff were very friendly. I was a little irritated at the guys that stop you through out the resort no matter where you are to try to sell you time share. It got better, by the 4 day there they left you alone. I almost wish there was not going to be a  BUT but there is. This would be a perfect vacation in paradise if you liked sharing your room with roaches yes roaches (cockaroachus Disgusstus). Not the 1/4 ones the 2 giant ones that run fast and fly OMG!!. After a long flight you want your first night to be relaxing. Unfortunately it was the first night that my wife discovered roaches were in the room. I killed them but did not sleep much that night worring about my 1 year old son. We changed our room first thing the next morning the resort staff were more than happy to accomodate. They told us it was probably because we were close to the beach. Not only will we not return to this resort we will not be traveling to Dom. Rep. ever again. Its one thing to see roaches on the property but in the rooms is unacceptable. At least by my standards.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	5	4	3	

<Author>uphoriak
<Content>Royal Service is excellent, but off season is a little dull We stayed at the Melia Caribe from the 9th-23rd October for our honeymoon. We had booked the Royal Service (an extra 拢500 each on top of the 拢900 standard cost, so a total of 拢2800) and I definately recommend it.The RS rooms are amazing. Massive with two TV's, a stereo, free internet connection for your laptop, large freezer which is restocked every day with juice, 7up, pepsi, water and beer(!), a luxery shower and massive jacuzzi right next to your bed which could sit four people at a push!The Gabi club (Royal Service) restaurant was great and the private pool area is great too. The staff are all fantastic and service was second to none. In fact, I don't think you could fault R.S on anything.Being out of season the hotel was very quiet, and a number of restaurants and a couple of the bars were closed which was a bit annoying, but nothing major. The evenings were a but dull too as the entertainment consisted of a show lasting about 20-30 minutes of variable quality depending on the night, and there is usually someone playing live music in the lobby bar area. Besides that, not a lot. The onsite disco was dead. However once a week there is a party on the beach (ask at reception for the day, usually Wednesday or Thursday) which was pretty fun.Overall, we found food in the RS very good indeed, and the a-la cartes were OK (the French restaurant especially had good food) but I would advise staying away from the chicken, as I became ill on our second day, and numerous people we met (including leesgal below!) also had stomach complaints while we were there.Also, you WILL get harassed by staff onsite trying to sell you the Sol Melia Vacation Club. If you go to their presentation (which lasts a couple hours) you will get a voucher for $50 to use in the hotel shop/casino or at the local mall. It was nice to get the voucher, but unless you have a lot of money the presentation will be a waste of time, and you'll get harassed until you go.Overall, the resort is very good for the price. We went to Seyona Island, Santo Domingo and went on the Caribbean Festival which are all great. In season, I imagine the hotel to be a great and lively place, but out of season its very quiet, which is fine if you like that sort of thing, but my wife and I are around 30 and enjoy a bit of nightlife! Aside from that and the slight issue about food, it's a great place.I'm compiling a couple videos this week of clips from the hotel, so check my videos (I am uphoriak on youtube.com if you search for my username) and you will be able to see more.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>warsopian
<Content>Would recommend       Typical bedroom  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>welltraveledA
<Content>great resort but maybe to big we were a family of 6 taking two rooms they were big enough for uswe like it and we were lucky they were near the beachwe like this resort our only complain is size our younger kid was 7 and can be easily lost in the propertyis that big that its imposible to walk from room to restaurants only logical way is by mini train .........yes is that faranyway pools and beach never look too crowded in restaurant is dificult to get bookings and buffet will have a linegood but not perfect for us  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leedslass24
<Content>Dont eat anything!!!!! We stayed at the hotel from the 9 oct to the 23 oct, There were 13 of us in total as we travelled out to the Dominican for our wedding.I would like to start by saying the hotel is amazing!!!! very well kept and the staff were so friendly and helpfull!! Our wedding day was amazing and all our guests loved it apart from one little problem!!! FOOD POISONING!!!!On the 2nd day at the hotel we tried to book an a la carte for all our party but the a la cartes at the top of our list were all shut for restoration we were slightly upset by this as we were not informed by the travel agent or when we checked in at reception!! We managed to get boked in at the japanese which was fantastic and also booked at the american grill. This is where things started to go downhill!!! One by one everyone in my party started with severe stomach cramps which turned in to upset stomachs and vomiting! i wont go into detail but if you end up the same there is no way you will be leaving the hotel room!!! when a few of us were finally well enough to leave the room we started to talk to other guests who informed us that the a la cartes were not shut for restoration but were in fact closed for deap cleaning after giving other guests food poisoning!!! It really is a shame as the hotel is superb but something as important as this realy ruins your holiday!! especially your wedding day!!!I wont comment on anything else as i dont see there is a point unless you plan on not eating for 2 weeks!!!!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>ACNYC
<Content>Best Vacation Ever!       Gabi Restaurant (Royal Service)  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>philtracip
<Content>Read This Post To Ease Your Minds.... I will start by saying that I was very very worried about this vacation. First vacation with my 17 month old son - plus a family get together with my husband family so I knew it would be hectic - throw in the malaria scare and all the awful reviews I read on this site - and I was panicking.I have two complaints on the place - only two and they are minor. First, sugar ants were everywhere. Better than the malaria carrying mosquitos I was expecting....but not as bad as the lizards and other bugs we have encountered at other resorts. But still....The other complaint was the place was so big I wish it had a better map - or even better a daily guide to activities like you would see on a cruise boat. For instance, we heard live music but did not know where it was coming from...or we saw a horse and buggy but did not know how to get a ride on it....the went around with particular animals on particular days for you to get your picture with and it would have been nice to know what day was what and where to go.Like I said, minor complaints....We did not opt for the Royal Service...but when we got there we were upgraded to the Royal Service at no additional charge, no idea why but who is complaining right? Yes, check in is a bit long. But, there was a lot of information to go over and to be given to us so it was totally understandable.This place is huge - we tried to walk a couple of times to tour and got lost - so yes, use the trains and the carts that are available. I will tell you this place is so big - we thought it was dead because no one was ever at the main pool. Only to find out the day we were leaving that the main pool was located over by the spa and the place was packed. Again, if they had a better guide or map to tell you this stuff. Our room was very nice...the staff everywhere we went were overly friendly. The food was the best that we have ever had at any resort. We love Jamaica but we always agreed that the food was a little off....not here. From breakfast to dinner it was wonderful. We ate at the American Grill, the Japanese Steakhouse, the Italian restaurant, the Mexican Restaurant, the main buffet and the Gabi (royal service restaurant) and were impressed with all of them.I will say - you should pack yourselves some big cups or bubba kegs for drinks as they do come in small cups.The grounds were just beautiful. We had our butler give us a grand tour and it was just amazing - the landscape, the layout, the flamingos, the peacocks....We had friends that stayed there during our stay but were not in Royal Service and they were just as pleased. I liked how you could walk right across from our room to go to the pool and the restaurant.As for the time shares....yes, we had people appraoch us - but that was it - they asked if we wanted to make an appointment, we said no, they walked away. We were not hounded every day - we were there eight days and I think that I was asked twice, my husband three times.So....all of my fretting and it turned out to be a lovely lovely vacation. One that I would do over and over again!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanveyIslandLondoner
<Content>Fantastic Melia Caribe Tropical We have just returned from a wonderful holiday at the Melia. There were 11 in our party, one of which was our grandson who was nearly 2 years of age. My eldest son and his fiance were getting married on this holiday. I had read reviews on this website previous to our departure date about this hotel and was getting very anxious. We need not have worried. We had a wonderful time and the wedding was spectacular. How some people could knock this place is beyond me. The staff were never rude, the place was spotlessly clean, the food was good and they went out of their way to ensure that my son's wedding was truly something to remember. My grandson had a brilliant time and the staff really made a fuss of him. If you want a relaxing holiday with great surroundings, great food,great accomodation, great beach, very friendly staff, then this is the place for you. You could not get better value for money. I thoroughly recommend this place and would not hesitate to return.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EnglandCassie
<Content>What are people talking about???!!!!! What an earth are people moaning about ??!!We travelled to the resort on the 25th September there were 11of us travelling for a wedding.Our check in was swift and we were handed a nice cold drink whilst waiting. A golf buggy driver then took us to our room and gave us a personal little tour of the grounds.When we got there we were going to upgrade to Royal service after reading all the reviews but we were very happy with our room, it was very clean and very nice ( all i can say is it smelt a bit damp when we first opened the door but that went within 10 minutes of having left the door open)Our room did not have a cot so i made a call and the cot was delived and made up for us in about 30mins)The grounds on this resort are fantastic there are ponds and streams everywhere they are maintained daily and are beautiful.The pools are huge and were never busy infact quite empty.The food was fantastic and all the restaurants were lovely very nicely decorated too, we did not have any troubles booking and most nights we were booking for 11.The spa was very nice i would recommend the tropical massage it was very good indeed.My son who is 2 loved the nighty themed flintstone disco and all the kids entertainers were very good with the children, the minute any child went to leave the stage they were there like a shot.The staff were wonderful and made a huge effort with our son.All the bars and lobbys were lovely wih large beds and water features ver relaxing.No one expected a tip but i was happy to give them as the staff worked really hard to please us all.We never waited long for a train but the walk really isn't that far, anyway for the amount you eat and drink you need to walk off those excess pounds. I really do not know what people expect if you are going to a complex with 8 pools 13 reastaurant etc etc it is going to be huge and that will mean some walking we have a child in a buggy and it was not a problem for us!!I could go on and on i really enjoyed it we went to Sandals 5 years ago and this hotel was just as nice for a smaller bugetAs far as trips go shop around dont book them with your travel company as they are quite expensive. I would not reccomend the Out Back Safari for families with young children or anyone with back problems the ride is bumpy there are no seat belts and its a very long day. The carribean festive is a must for those who like to live of the wild side as you get to swim with sharks and stingray for not alot of money and the atmosphere on the boat is great.We had a 2 hour trip on the segways which was a good laugh.The bavaro splash is also a good trip if you like a bit of speed on the sea.Please do not be put off this resort after reading the reviews it is fantastic and as for Royal service save your money and book some fab trips instead.sorry i just have 1 complaint there are not enough baby changing facilities (but thats life!!!!!)  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rmatos79
<Content>Good Hotel       Building  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>JaneD0e
<Content>A Spectacular vacation We had a great time at Melia Caribe Tropical and wished we stayed for longer. The huge resort was well taken care of and was beautiful. There was tons of food and it was all delicious. The pool was huge and it was a great place to relax. We also went scuba diving for the first time in the ocean and it was amazing. We hope to return.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>pm1111
<Content>Get Royale service or go somewhere else We enjoyed our vacation at the Melia but I doubt if we will be back. Based on reviews we booked the Royal Service which was almost twice as expensive. I am glad that we did. The regular resort is really a 3 star resort at best. The Royal Service area is a 4.5 star. The staff of Royal Service is really good but when we dealt the regular staff they were not very helpful. We mostly chose this place because it had a kids club. They have a huge age range in the baby rock room - 0-5yrs. It worked out well for my toddler since I wanted her to nap there and play out of the sun for a couple fo hours a day. It did not work as well for others. From what I heard they were very quick to have the parents pick the kids up if there was crying. They seemed to want nothing to do with infants and one person complained that they did not even know how to make a bottle. I am not sure that this service would work for us with a child between 3 and 5. We have been to Club Med and prefered their childcare. Food at the Royal Service restaurant was good but it was not air conditioned. It was a little inconsistent though. One night I had the rack of lamb and it was great and 2 nights later it was not nearly as good. The other restaurants that we tried were just okay. Getting a reservation was easy through Royal Service and would have also been at the regular resort since it was pretty empty. We had no stomach issues and I am very suseptable to it.The tipping got to be a little annoying. Everyone expects a tip for every little thing. I tipped well but it got annoying. I brough 150 in 1s and ran out after 5 days.We did enjoy the trip but would reiterate what many posters say and recommend only going to this hotel if you can do the Royal Service. Also do not count on the kids club working for you if you have a child under 5.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>UtahSpaBaby
<Content>Loved Punta Cana, hated hotel This is only the place for you if you do not care about quality at all and you are going for cheap!!!! I love Punta Cana, and we plan to go every year from now on, but I would not stay here again. I will stay at the Ritz in Cap Cana from now on. It is way to spread out!!!! I had read that in several reviews, but I thought how bad could it really be...Oh it is!!!!!!! The food was terrible. I would rather go to a fine hotel and decide on quality not quanity!!!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	2	2	2	

<Author>vacationdd
<Content>great vacation site Sept 14 2008 I read many good reviews during the planning of my trip here and had wished they were more recent as my arrival time got closer. So I am in the resort and hope this information will help someone with their own plans.So far the place is superb in all respects. The service is extremely good and the food has been excellent. I booked Royal Service based on the reviews I read that expressed many complaints if one did not pay the extra fee. It is expensive but is does include everything I can think of wanting.A Melia van took us here from the airport - that was fine. There are 2 arrival sites, so I eventually had to take a separate cart to the Royal Service registration. There, the staff went out of their way to help us with everything. Drinks were given readily and English was spoken.We enjoyed the pool while the room was completed. I beloieve this is a very slow season and that may have a large impact on how easy and quickly things were done for us.The room is great with large jacuzzi, balcony with gorgeous sunset, huge bed, 2 TVs, kitchen facilities and for us Internet connection. Wireless is available in the lounge, here in the room it is wire and reliable.The beach is the best I have seen comparing many other islands and Hawaii. Sand is beautiful and chairs and even beds under straw huts for shade. Most guests do speak Spanish and i try my HS lessons which works very well with the staff.Many people from the UK, Canada, as well as US and Spain.No problem getting reservations in the restaurants we want, but again it is not crowded. Easy rides to everyplace, the beach is a good walk but is rather hot to do so.Free water sports, we enjoy catamaran daily, windsurfers and there are many motorized activities (for cost) which entertain us.So far I would highly recommend this resort and will write another review upon leaving as my final assessment.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wander78
<Content>Nice Hotel! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Melia for three days for a wedding. Overall, we both enjoyed our stay. As soon as we got off of the plane we were ushered into the airport where everything was fast paced. We were placed on a line where our picture was taken with with two ladies in colorful dresses. We then had to pay a $10 tax to enter the country. Upon arrival at the hotel it did take some time to check in because there was only one attendant and the guests in front of us had a lot of questions and needed special accomodations. We checked in and were told that a young lady would assist us. She took us to a station where they were trying to sell the resort vacations. We were promised free towels if we went to the presentation. We made an appointment but cancelled the next day. Who wants to go on vacation and sit in on a boring presentation... we weren't interested anyway.The room was very clean and spacious . We had a deluxe junior suite. The only issue I had was with the bathroom. The first time I used the shower I smelled a musty odor but it was fine after I used it. Also water from the shower kept wetting the floor. Other than that the room was fine.Our room was prime location...right near the beach and the Buffet. Food was okay, good variety, always fresh. We made reservations for the Chinese Restaurant- La Pagoda which was fabulous. The food was wonderful, well worth it. Best of all, we didn't get sick!The main reason for our vacation was to attend a wedding. It was so beautiful. The weather was nice and the resort provided a great backdrop for a wedding under a gazebo. The ceremony took place outdoors and there was an indoor reception later on. Very nice, simple and elegant.As far as night life at the resort, it didn't seem like there was much going on. We went to the club one night but there were only a few people there so we left. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>reussir
<Content>Save your money!!! This was by far the worst all-inclusive hotel that I have ever stayed in. Let me start with the fact that we did not pay for royal service; however, we expected acceptable service, which was not provided. We arrived at the front desk  had to wait 45 minutes to check in. Once we checked in, they sent us to our room, which they claimed was ready. We took about a 1/2 mile walk (there is a train that runs every 20 minutes) to our room to find that the A/C was being worked on (looked like it exploded), so we couldn't get into our room  was faced with a 1/2 mile walk back to the front desk. We finally got into our room, changed  went to the buffet (which was decent, particularly for all-inclusive). When we returned to our room (around midnight), we were locked out of our room. We had to walk the 1/2 mile back to the desk to get our key (credit card type) recharged. We stayed at the hotel for four days and had to get our key re-charged at least 10 times. I spent more time in the hotel lobby than on the beach. We were there for a wedding  this was a problem for almost everyone there for the wedding (40 people). Though we complained, it didn't matter. Unless you were royal service, they didn't care what you thought of the hotel.Further, to get to the breakfast/lunch buffets, you had to go past the time share desk. They would pounce on you every time, even if you said you weren't interested. I felt that the hotel was more concerned with selling the time shares than taking care of their guests. It got so bad that we eventually started sneaking into the buffets to avoid the sales pitch.The beach is wonderful and the pool bar was fun; however, I have stayed at lower star'd hotels in DR and had a better experience. My recommendation is to avoid this over sized hotel unless you want to be hasseled by sales people and treated like second class citizens as non-royal service.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>FamilyFlight
<Content>The Good...The Bad...but there was no Ugly My husband, 7 year old son and I stayed at the hotel from 8/23-8/29. Based on previous reviews, we upgraded to the Royal Service before our arrival. As a follow up to all of the other reviews that you've read, I will add...* The grounds are amazing!* Our room was fantastic. The only complaint would be that the bed was not as luxurious as one would expect in the RS. Other families that we met that were not as impressed with their rooms. * The staff members were friendly and helpful and were extremely appreciative of tips. Many members of the staff helped me with my Spanish vocabulary which was limited to that from Dora the Explorer and Sesame Street. * This was our first all-inclusive and we did not expect fine dining but were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. We liked the Dominican restaurant the best, followed second in a tie by the Gabi and the Thai. * Very few waves with crystal clear waters...I recommend a morning trip to the beach and the afternoon at the pool since the seaweed seemed to churn up around noon daily. (at least while we were there) * The arcade and casino are only open in the evening Was the RS worth it? Yes and NoYes because of the room type (1 bedroom suite), the lounge, the Gabi, the proximity to the restaurants/casino/shows and the access to the golf carts for rides to the beach and other poolsNo (during low season) because it did not allow us to get restaurant reservations in advance (non-RS people that we met booked 3 days ahead and we were only allowed to book 1 day ahead) and because the RS pool was not child friendly (there were few spots where my son could stand) Overall, we were very impressed with the hotel and I would be happy to answer any questions. Hello to the England and NYC crews!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hurleys2
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical is Awesome       White Marlin Mikes Marina  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michmlot
<Content>great stay Just back from the Melia and thought it was really nice. Beautiful hotel. Restaurants were great, ate at American Grill, Dominican, Italian and all were delicious. Employees there are wonderful, everyone smiling and a friendly Hola as you pass by them. We did not stay royal and it was fine....very nice room. any service we needed was taken care of. Met a very nice waiter at the American Grill the first night, gave him a tip and he was so nice he made reservations for us the rest of the trip. We stayed Sunday till Thursday. My husband  myself for our anniversary and it was the perfect couples getaway, but would be great for famlies too... we stayed in building 6. was a little walk to beach  pool but not too bad. If staying with kids especially little ones ask for rooms around pool area.. Pools  beach were amazing...we will be back with friends  family...  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mememe1870
<Content>I recommend it Disclaimers1) I read the previous review for the same time period I was there and I believe what they said2) I had never been to a resort before3) Resorts have never been my preferred vacation4) I am a 41 y/o married African American woman that speaks some spanish.5) I am navigationally challenged*I was already in the Dominican Republic and decided to go to the resort (alone) for a few days so I booked with a travel agent in San Cristobal. From 8/20-8/22 it cost $373.90. I took a tour bus from Santo Domingo to Punta Cana/Bavaro. Judging by the photos on their website- I think I had the Deluxe Junior Room which is the least expensive they have. http://www.solmelia.com/solNew/hoteles/jsp/C_Eventos.jsp?codigoHotel=5896. This was a great room, one of the best I've ever been in. If I were a honeymooner that wanted to stay in the room all day, I'd get the most benefit from it. There was a king sized bed and a day bed. I arrived around noon and spent most of the day running errands, reserving excursions for the next day and getting acclimated. If I had to do it all over again I'd have tried to get in an excursion on the 1st day since I was only going to be there 3 days. The employees were all friendly and helpful. I spoke mostly spanish when I was there until I got tired of it and used a few simple words of english. You'll do fine if you don't speak any spanish but I encourange anyone who visits to learn something about the language and culture before you go out of respect. I didn't know that this was a family resort when I booked it. The presence of children didn't offend me though. They were all well behaved. It was hot every day. It felt like it was in the high 80's/low 90's F with high humidity. The hotel buildings all appeared to be identical and the property was huge. Since I was constantly lost, the best way for me to get around the resort was to take a train that ran every 15 minutes or so which is basically a motorized vehicle with wheels and cars that looks like a train. I didn't like that the exhaust pipes sent the fumes back towards the passenger cars but I got over it as I was relieved not to be walking in the wrong direction in the heat and sun. The workers showed me a map several times but it didn't do me any good. The beach. If you are into beaches you'll find these beaches to be fabulous- especially if you're a guy. You might find topless women walking on the beach. Toplessness is not allowed at the swimming pools so if you don't want your children to see breasts, keep them away from the beaches. On my only full day, I went speed boating and parasailing. The speed boat excursion cost about $55. I forgot to try to barter. Parasailing was about $85 for 10-15 minutes. When I signed up for speed boating I assumed that I'd be a passenger on someone elses boat but I learned after I arrived that I'd be driving a small speed boat with a group of about 10-15 others who were going snorkelling. Since I was there alone, I got to do all the driving which was thrilling! I had a 1/2 hour to kill while everyone else was snorkelling so they let me swim around. I highly recommend speedboating/snorkelling. I recommend parasailing if you can get it for less than $85 unless money is no object for you. It seemed so safe that even the scariest chickens should be able to do it. I floated up so gradually that I didn't really feel the height. You probably won't even get wet. If you do get wet, it will probably just be your butt or your feet. They told me I went about 100 meters in the air. These 2 excursions took almost all day so I missed lunch. I ate dinner at the Dominican restaurant and the Japanese restaurant. Both were very good. All-Inclusive means that all the food and beverages are included. Everything else you have to pay for. I wanted to go to the spa but I refused to pay American prices for things that I could get much cheaper outside of the resort. Unlike a cruise ship, there was no charge system where you could buy things without the use of cash. I would have preferred to give them credit card info up front and charge everything to my room. I probably would have spent a lot more. (I spent only $10 the whole time, not including gratuities, which was good for me!)On the 1st day, they did invite me to come to a presentation to learn about their new hotel. I agreed just to be nice but later decided I didn't want to spend 90 minutes of my 2 night/3 day vacation listening to a spiel. As it turned out, it was a time share presentation. When they found out that I was married but my spouse wasn't there, they told me I didn't qualify to attend. I wasn't interested anyway but I was a little offended at first because I thought they were being sexist. I showed a little attitude because I'm an independent woman! I later concluded on my own that they wanted both spouses there in case a purchase was made for real estate law/homestead reasons. (I made that up)So, if you don't want to go, tell them you're married and your spouse isn't there. I loved the room, the excursions, the free flowing alcoholic beverages and the service from the employees. They don't know what a long island iced tea is which I learned when the waitress delivered a big old glass of iced tea with no long island in it. I could have stayed one more day but beyond that I would have gotten board. That's just me though. I didn't like that it was difficult to get reservations at the special restaurants. I'd recommend this resort if you are into resorts. I'll probably not return to a resort because now I feel like I have been there and done that.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Natottawa
<Content>loved it Absolutly beautiful and great vacation.We were in Royal service, which makes a BIG difference : Better pool, better buffet, better rooms, private section at the beach etc.The restaurants are all FANTASTIC and very authentic to their specialties ( japanese, french, italien, etc).Enternainement was also wonderful and on every night.Beautiful decor in common areas and rooms as well as the grounds and pool areas. A bit too big, I think there were over 1000 rooms and suites. we had to take the train from our room to the beach ! or walk for over 10 mins. some were closer, but we had more privacy at the back of the resort and near the Royal services area.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Mookie11
<Content>Don't listen to the bad reviews!!!!!! Amazing place!!!!!!!!!!! We stayed at the Melia Caribe Royal Service August 17th through the 23rd. When we arrived we were carted off to the Royal Service check in where we were given cool scented towels and Mimosas, beer and coke! There were appetizers served, caviar on little pieces of bread, little sandwiches with ham and cheese, cookies..... Our butler Pablo checked us in our room with in 10 minutes of arrival. We had a one bedroom master suite with and adjoining master suite room because we had our 3 boys with us who are 19, 17, and 14. The rooms were beautiful, spacious and very cold!!!!! The grounds are very nice and the beach is stunning!!!! Our beds were turned down every night. We tipped house keeping $20 our first night. The security guard at the Royal Service beach would put out our towels and reserved out chairs under the hut everyday. We tipped well, (each person got $5 everyday and they were falling over to serve us!) Our drinks on the beach were never empty鈥?The hut on the Royal Service beach served Nachos everyday and around 11:00 they had shrimp cocktail and seafood salad served on oranges that were good鈥?We had breakfast and lunch at the buffet by the beach most days and the food was good. Especially the plantains鈥?for breakfast they served them in syrup鈥?yum!!!! We scuba dove for 3 days, did the banana boats, parasailing, and did the speed boat excursion that was great! We tipped the scuba instructor $100 for the five of us and he was so overwhelmed. $100 is a salary for them, not a tip and he was excepting a new baby any day now... I read all about the pushy time share people and it is not true... we were only asked once if we saw the presentation, I told them I had seen it already, which was not true and I was not asked again. The men in white shirts that are out side the beach buffet are there to book excursions, not sell you time share. They are all very helpful! You can get them to come down a bit in the price. We booked 4 speed boats for the snorkel excursion and the price started at $608 and we actually paid $484. We never had a problem booking dinner. We called the Royal Service desk and they booked us for the week. We loved the Japanese, Dominican, the Tai, (which is more like Chinese) the Gabi surf and turf was great, and the American grill. My least favorite was the Italian, but my family all like it. After dinner we went to the casino every night and had the best time! We played 3 card poker with our new friends from St. Martian and had a blast!!!!!!!!! We won about $600 for the week, our St. Martian friend each won more. We sang to the dealer everytime we hit a big hand! The casino is small but serves it purpose. After we left the casino we sat in the lobby with our friend from England. It was great learning about other countries and how they lived. On Thursday nights there is a beach party that was amazing. There was a DJ and everyone was singing and dancing until 1:00am... Our teenage boys were in the casino and at 11:00 the Fun Pub closed for the young kids and opened for the older ones. They met girls from France, England and St. Martian and had a ball. They hung out all day with these kids and at night... No one wanted to leave!!! The Tropical side had younger kids, while the Caribe side was more for the teenagers. Before I went, I read every review and thought we were going to have trouble鈥? listen to me... anyone who says this place is bad, is nuts!!! The people are so friendly, the food is good (not one of us got sick the entire week) and the place is beautiful. Hints鈥OOK ROYAL SEVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is SO worth the money. When you leave the airport with your transfer, they tell you that you have to meet them in the lobby at 10:00 am the next day for orientation and to confirm your ride back to the airport鈥?you DON鈥橳 have to do that鈥? The day before you leave go to the lobby in the morning and confirm with the tour and at that time you can book your butler to meet you at your room to bring up your suite cases鈥? That might be where the get you with the time share presentation. (I had read that in a different review so we didn鈥檛 go and guess what, we got a ride back to the airport!!!!!) Also, the place is huge, but we only walked to the beach once because we chose to do so. There was always a golf cart to take us where ever we wanted to go. If we had to run back to the room the cart would wait for us and take us back to the beach!!!!! Most of the employees spoke enough English so communication was never a problem. I am still saying Hola and Buenos Dias to everyone I run into!!!!! Let me tell you Amazing Vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gmanRDP
<Content>Average Resort Returned Aug 22 from my 1 week stay at the Melia. I'll begin my review with the flight to Punta Cana. As all should know by now Tropical Storm Faye hit the Dominican Republic on the 15th of August. Needless to say that our trip was the most eventful journey my family and I have ever made. I have personally traveled just about every continent and I have never experienced what I lived through that day. First of all, I had been checking throughout the week the National Hurricane Center weather outlook for the region. There was activity brewing out in the Atlantic and it appeared to intensify as the week progressed. On the day of the flight I had checked the depression's progress and it was sitting right off the coast of DR. It was clear that the storm was more than just rain. However, the carrier Air Transat elected to have the flight's departure proceed from Montreal. I had advised them that the weather was not good and they should reassess their decision. Unfortunately the carrier proceeded as planned. Well needless to say that the flight never landed at Punta Cana but was diverted to Puerto Plata but only after an attempt was made to land at La Romana. The flight landed at 6:00 PM. All passangers were stranded in the airport as there was no flight arrangements into Punta Cana. The plane we were on left for Toronto without any announcements. The Transat representative addressed the passengers at 9:30 PM and gave the following said that we have to leave by bus for Punta Cana, an 8 hour ride, or spend the rest of our vacation in Puerto Plata and try to find a hotel at our own expense. All hotels were apparently booked. Well having heard that a tragic accident occurred the same day resulting in the death of 22 tourists did not assure us that this decision was the right one. Nonetheless we had no choice but to leave the airport as the police were called in to evict us as midnight was approaching. As a side bar note, we all felt as if we were a nuisance to the Dominican people working in the airport. We were told by the senior police officer that he wanted to go home to sleep and we were the ones keeping him from doing that. So we had to leave. Incredible to believe that one of this country鈥檚 important source of foreign currency comes through tourism and yet they fail to adequately make the tourist feel welcomed. We left the airport at 12:15 AM and arrived at the Punta Cana airport at 7:40 AM to be separated in respective resort buses. By the way the travel was adventurous and at times terrifying.Now for my review:Pre-Travel Plan: My wife, my nine-year old son and myself were vaccinated for Hep A and B (two doses each). My son had taken Dukoral, my wife nothing and I had taken daily dosage totaling 60 million cfu of Probiotic pills over a two week period to counter TD. We all ate salads, fruit and vegetables (cooked and raw). As for water, we drank bottled and water that was said to be bottled by the waiters. Also, we had sodas with ice. My son and I had no complications. My wife had all the symptoms of TD for one day. She did not need medical attention but she sure watched what she ate afterwards. All three of us took malaria pills (Melarone) with no side effects whatsoever. Our decision to take the pills was based on the advisory notice. I have traveled extensively, especially to Africa, and being stricken with malaria is a serious issue. We did not see a single mosquito while we were there but one of the couples who we met on the plane had a mosquito infestation in their room. Their three kids and them were bitten quite a few times on the arms and face. One of the kids came down with a fever two days later. Coincidence? Who truly knows. I am glad that we did take the pills.Check-In: There were three couples from our flight that were checking in. So check-in was 25 minutes and we were told to go have breakfast as the room was not ready. Didn鈥檛 quite understand why as the resort was not full. I did inquire about some sort of credit for the night that we did not stay but were politely told that it wasn鈥檛 their fault. So one hour later, we went to our rooms and the luggage had not yet arrived. After several calls, the luggage arrived. The front desk was polite but no smiles as if we were disturbing them from their conversations. Rank: 2.5Site: It has been stated many times that this place covers a lot of acreage. Well you just have to experience it. There are trains that will take you throughout the Caribe and Tropical sections of the resort. However, you can definitely flag down a cart that will take you where you need to go. Or, you can do what I did which was to get one the Vacation Club concierge to do all the restaurant bookings and arranging for a cart to be at your room when you need it. The landscaping is definitely beautiful and the setting at night gets amplified with the gentle lighting. Rank: 4.5 Room: Our room was in Building 1 room 0114. This was a family suite with two double beds, a single bed which could have been used as a sofa, and a sofa also could have been used a single bed. The room was clean but outdated. The bathroom ceiling sprang a leak which took three days to get fixed. There were no bugs. We had clean towels every day along with washcloths that you must ask for. We had thought about upgrading to Royal Service but the added cost of $70 per person per day for 1 bedroom suite or $90 per person per day for a Master Suite did not excite me. Our room was located no more than 100 feet from either the Agora Grill or the Tropical Pool and we were no more than 300 feet from the beach. The Agora Grill was closed two days after our arrival and were left with the Turey Grill which was a 5 minute walk from our room. Rank: 3.5Food: For the first two days we ate our breakfast at the Grill restaurants which were open aired and for the balance of our stay we ate the International Market Place which is closed with A/C. The selection and overall quality is better at the Market Place. However, it does not mean that the food is better tasting. We basically stuck with hard boiled eggs, juices which were not freshly squeezed, and breads. Essentially all of their basic cooking is deep rooted in cooking oil which gets to be hard on the system on a continuous basis. For lunch we stuck with Turey. Each day came with different selections. Although you could stick with pasta and pizza if you wished. The taste was mostly bland on the hot dishes. Unfortunately flies were everywhere and over the food. I guess it is to be expected in an open air environment. As for the a-la-carte restaurants, we consider that the Thai (The Pagoda) to have been the one which very good. All around from service, to taste and quality. The French (Ma Maison) was our next favorite. The service and quality were good but the food could have had more herbs and spices. The Japanese (Haikkado) was average. The service was rushed, the food was nothing to speak other than the sushi as appetizers. There was no interest from the chef to create an atmosphere of entertainment and interact with the group. The International Market Place nighttime buffet was actually better than the Japanese but again it was a buffet style. The Italian (Gondola) is to avoid altogether. The food was horrible. The Dominican (El Guarapo) is also to avoid and comparable to the Italian. Rank: 3Beach: Extremely disappointed with the beach. The seaweed was prevalent even after the crew cleaned up as much as they could. When you walked into the water the seaweed was there fully present and in great quantity. The water reached your waist at about 10-15 feet from land. You had to side step the seaweed beds which were spotted throughout. The beach was the same if you were at the Royal Service, the Paradisus Palma Real, or the Mirage. No difference. Some of the Tiki Huts were too close to the sand which made it almost impossible to lay under. We went to the beach in the morning and left at about 11:00 AM to go to the pool. We had parasailed, did the banana boat, the speed boat, and surf board. Rank: 2Pool: Both pools had enough space that you didn鈥檛 feel overwhelmed. They did need some maintenance as the paint was peeling and littering the water. Chairs were always available as the resort was not full. The poolside bar at the Tropical was laughable when it came to the bartenders making anything else but a pina colada. They do not know how to make a margherita, mojito, or even a simple rum and pepsi. The pool was littered with empty water bottles, plastic cups and even plastic bags. Not much servicing is done during the day. Rank: 3Tips: You only tip is you feel like it. That鈥檚 what I did and felt quite comfortable with it. I tipped; the maid $3 per day, the cart driver $1 per usage, and the waiter at the a-la-carte restaurant an average of $7 if the service was good. The Gondola and El Guarapo got nothing.Royal Service: For us not worth it. I got the tour during the timesharing spiel. Pool is not as big and the Gabi Restaurant is open aired although the food may be better than some of the other restaurants. However, there were RS members in our pool because there was more action and diversity. One couple complained of bugs. The extra advantages just didn鈥檛 merit the extra cost. I got the Vacation Club concierge to arrange all my restaurant bookings and cart availability by letting him keep the benefits I received for attending the timesharing. It was well worth it because in the end it cost me about $17 in tips and no frustration in getting bookings.Overall I would rank the Melia as 3 star restaurant and definitely not a 4.5 star. I would not go back to DR as there are other places to visit and more than likely more welcoming.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>skitt
<Content>Relax and enjoy!!!!! Our family stayed at the Melia August 15 -22, we stayed in RS, however, i think we would have been fine if we didn't book RS. Check in was very quick, our butler Pablo took us to our deluxe jr. suite, it was ok, i think if you are going to do RS and if you can afford to go with the master suite or 1 bedroom suite do it. Sometimes at night when we got back to our room we would smell sewage in our bathroom. The grounds are amazing, the RS pool and Gabi Restaurant was beautiful, I had lobster two times it was good, they have a snack area with nachos, french fries, popcorn, ice cream, chicken anytime you want it. The beach is amazing!!, the RS area is great with a bar with nachos and a runner to get you drinks, get there by 8AM if you want shade. The pool area has these great beds in the shade so if you have small children to nap those are great to get early.The food was just ok for us, it is not the same as what your used to at home, all of us did have some tummy discomfort but nothing that needed medicine or would stop us from doing things.Us girls had our hair braided, (we had half done for $35.00 for three of us) make sure when you negotiate the price that they include the beads before they start braiding. The lobby areas are beautiful you can hang out there and relax, they have these bed areas and you can fall asleep if you want to and nobody cares!! The night time shows are at the caribe theater at 10pm, a different show everynight, I thought they were fun and entertaining.They have trains that go through the resort if you want to hop on one to go to the tropical side or caribe side, my daughter wanted to ride it everynight through each side.My girls went on a horse and carraige ride for about 10 minutes, we tipped the man $5.00.The staff are very very nice always asking how you are, and the workers work very hard during the day to keep the grounds so beautiful.They will cut you down a coconut from the tree and open it for you, have the bar put some rum in it.Bring whatever spanish you know, it helps. $1.00 tip goes a long way but it is not necessary and the staff is not offended in anyway if you don't tip, and they were still curteous.I loved the resort, I loved the royal side, but if you cannot afford it don't worry you will love it just as much. If you have any negative feelings about the resort just relax and be excited to go, i was very concerned and worried before I went but when I got there, I knew everything was fine. I would go back some day, but I love to try other islands. Bring a pen in your carry on in plane for immigration forms because I forgot one.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	-1	5	5	4	

<Author>stefferPhiladelphia
<Content>Unbelievable resort       the view from our room  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Bxgal
<Content>Awesome time at the Melia!!!!       Fantastic beach  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>ChickyNewYork
<Content>Totally Amazing!!!!!!! Go for Royal Service if you can! Just got back from a 5 day stay at the Melia and I have to say it was wonderful. We started off a little rocky- had a delay, got violently ill the first night, had a blackout, got hit by Tropical Storm Fay and got really sunburned but despite all of this- it was great!Royal Service- I had read many reviews before going and a lot of them said to try the Royal Service- so we upgraded, and let me tell you - it was definitely worth it! We arrived with a bunch of other people who had to wait on this long line. They took us by golf cart to a VIP lounge to check in where we were greeted by a wonderful staff and some cocktails. Then our butler (Manny) drove us to our suite (Villa 49). It was great- kitchen, living room, plasma tvs, jacuzzi, 4 sinks, 2 huge closets, a safe and an awesome shower with 8 heads. The room was immaculate and was always kept that way. Grounds: This place is HUGE and people complained about it but it's beautiful to walk around and check out the scenery. Plus, you can hop in a golf cart or on the train and be escorted around.As far as the architecture and set up of this place goes- it was truly amazing and so so beautiful. The lobby areas, bars, restaurant areas, etc. were really so nice. I dont' think I've ever been to such a beautiful resort.Restaurants- Food was really good. Ate at the Gabi (part of the Royal Service)- place was BEAUTIFUL and food was very yummy. Also had Dominican food which was good, Italian which was also good and Mexican the last night, which was Great! All the other breakfast and lunch buffets were great as well- tons of food and good too.Pools- BEAUTIFUL!!! Loved our Royal Service pool b/c there were little huts you could reserve to relax in (which we did for 2 days). We also had a swim up bar and waitress service poolside. As well, there was this little snack place with burgers, nachos, popcorn, ice cream, pizza (the other pools don't have this). The Caribe and Tropical Pool were also very beautiful. We didn't swim there b/c our pool was straight across from our Villa. Plus, the other side had lots of unpleasant Europeans (we noticed).Service- Let me just say that the staff at this place was wonderful. They were so warm and friendly and really just happy to serve you. We tipped them a lot and they were so grateful and totally remembered us the whole time. They treated us like royalty and couldn't do enough for us. They were all wonderful.Beach- The beach was about a 7 minute walk from the Royal Service side and a 2 min ride. We got a ride once and walked the other times. It was beautiful and once again, very clean.Entertainment- Melia has shows every night at 10 and also a small Casino that we visited every night after dinner. There is also other entertainment at night (singers, dancers) at the other bars. During the day, they have Bingo, Dance lessons, singing around the lobby bars. There was always something going on there.All in all, we had a great time at the Melia. I would definitely recommend it. A few tips- bring your own sunscreen (very expensive in the gift shop). Also, bring some bug spray (got bit while laying in those little huts- otherwise- it was not buggy at all). And if you're the generous type- bring some singles, 5s and 10s- you're gonna want to tip the staff. They really made our vacation so much more worth it.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MikeMcSherry
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Lived up to expectations Don't normally get round to completing feedback on hotels after holidays but felt strongly to do so this time following my first visit to the Caribbean - Just returned from two weeks in the Domican Republic staying at the Melia Caribe Tropical. We were a group of 11 - 3 familes; made up of 6 adults and 5 tennage girls - 13, 14, 16, 17 and 18.We have stayed in a number of all-inclusive hotels in Europe over the years and this one was, without a doubt, the best all rounder and great value for money.Hotel was excellent - Good food (8 out of 10), great facilities (8 out of 10), friendly and helpful staff (7 out of 10) , beautiful grounds (10 out of 10) and a fantastic beach (9 out of 10).Everyone in the group enjoyed themselves - there was plenty to keep us entertained - though we may have not taken full advantage of everything on offfer.Would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone thinking about a visit.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ensleyrover
<Content>Nice all-inclusive vacation It's amazing how different some of the reviews are and I was getting a bit nervous before we left that this would be a bad experience. Thank God it wasn't. We visited 8/5/08 to 8/12/08 and stayed in building 9 on the Tropicale side. We were steps from the pool and beach and a few more to the Torey buffet on the beach that serves breakfast and lunch. Very convenient area if you plan to spend your daytime at the pool and beach. We never had a problem getting lounge chairs at the pool or beach. I did not feel that we would have received any better service through Royal Service. The hotel is very nice and the grounds are beautiful and well-kept.After check-in, we were lucky enough to hook up with Manny (Emmanuel) who drives a golf cart around the property. We gave him a $5 tip and from that point on, he was our personal dinner concierge. We never made one dinner reservation ourself and he picked us up near our building every night to take us to our dinner location. We tipped him $2 each night and $10 at the end. It was well worth it. We never tipped the bartenders and did not experience any problems at any of the bars trying to get service or them expecting tips. We did tip the maid $2 a day and the one day I forgot I did notice a difference in the room (she did not restock the fridge, shampoo, etc.). The maid service was probably our least favorite. No washcloths drove me nuts!The beach was nice. The maintenance men rake up the seaweed each morning and dispose of it with a John Deere. Some do go topless and/or thong bottoms (and trust me, some that did SHOULD NOT!).The food was good to very good depending on the restaurant. I think it's funny some of the reviews I've read about how horrible the food is. You are at an all-inclusive resort on an island. Just exactly how gourmet do you expect it to be? Our least favorite was probably the Dominican restaurant. There is some language barrier, many do not speak much English. You will find guests of all nationalities there and we found the French to be the rudest of them all. We did book one excursion on ATVs to Macao Beach area. I would not recommend it. While it is not strictly a hotel excursion as the excursion company Rancho works with other hotels, too, we felt it was unorganized and all they want you to do is keep buying things. We did not take money with us since we were going to be driving ATVs but apparently they wanted us to. They were selling bandanas for $4 to put over your face, there was jewelry and artwork that they expected you to look at while you were waiting to start, then they take pictures and video the entire ride and want you to buy them. There was a group of Puerto Ricans and they charged them $20 for a dvd. When it came our turn to order it, they told us it would cost $40. We were told by a nice Dominican woman back at the hotel that when they see Americans, they assume we are all rich and they will try to get as much money as they can from us. Needless to say, we said forget it. The island is beautiful and the weather was great for a tropical vacation. Would we go back? If we were ever to choose to repeat a vacation, yes, I can say we would go back to the Melia in Punta Cana. We liked it better than the Bahamas (we have been to all the Bahama islands and have no desire EVER to return again) BUT our favorite destination still is Bermuda. They have the nicest beach and ocean and you aren't followed around and asked to buy things or have braids put in your hair.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>luv2travelwithFam
<Content>VIP is the way to go       Gabi Pool  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BigCanadianFamily
<Content>Great Family Resort       The train!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>biker08
<Content>They better take a star of the wall..................not 5 stars at all !!!! We stayed at the melia for a week with a all inlusive package.here below some feedback about this hotelResort to big so no personel service and loosing time traveling from one side to the other. eg, room restaurants or lobbyNo room service available.Nome service staff with atitude, the are not anticipating problems or helping to solve the guest problem.Beach area looks very poor, old beach chairs.in the morning the beach does not look clean and organized.no beverage service at the beach.Old bathrooms, poor room maintanance, dirty fiters, broken sliding door to terrace, ventalation fan noisy and broken.poor room amenities2 $ safe fee a daylack of courtesy of time share staff , this give a bad impresion specialy at the breakfast buffet the stand 6 of the in front of the egg station and as a guest you do not have given any priortyBuffets and food quality is good for the volume done but pastry quality and variaty is poor.overall a reasonable 4 star complex but never a 5 star as advertized.no value for money, must be much better resorts for the same money  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	-1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>john1220
<Content>GREAT TIME at Melia Caribe My wife and I and my brother and his wife traveled to the Melia for a wedding on July 30 until August 2.We were also concerned because of some of the reviews we had read before going. The trip from airport to hotel was fine and when we arrived we were instructed to wait out front for transportation to the Royal Service check-in, which we booked from the start. Check in took 10 minutes and then we were taken to our rooms with our bags.Royal Service rooms were great, king size bed, nice area up front to relax with stocked refrigerator and large television on wall. Nice bathroom with large shower and hot tub. Our balcony overlooked the pool area, GREAT VIEW!We had a private section on the beach and a private pool also. Never a problem finding chairs at either and both had 1/4 the amount of people as the other beach area and other pools had. If you have kids, watch out for the topless ladies on the beach. Our kids were at home so I enjoyed the view and my wife doesn't let these kid of things upset her, she knew who I was going home with!Loved Gabi's, the reward service only restaurant, never a problem finding a table and food was well above average. We also ate in the seafood restaurant and the Japanese restaurant. I am in the food business, have been for 30 plus years and the Japanese restaurant was one of the top 3 meals I have ever had. Fried rice was hands down the best ever!We did a 4-wheel excursion with Prieto Tours and had a ball. Not only 4-wheeled a couple miles but we also got to swim in a river located in a cave and then went to the best beach on the island. In fact we returned to the beach the next day by cab and stayed 4 hours and had a blast. We were 4 of about 20 people as far as you could see on the beach. See Anthony and Tony with Prieto Tours, they took care of everything we ask about and they were the main reason we enjoyed all the extra things we did.I am not a everyday drinker, in fact things like this is the only time I drink. I was not overly trilled with the drinks, the only thing I had that tasted like drinks back home was the Jim Beam and Pepsi. The rum runners were pretty good also but you had to tell the bartenders what to put in them. The local beer was pretty good also as long as it was good and cold, but that is how I like my beer anyway.Now, as far as getting ill, none of the 4 of us had any problems. The main reason was we watched everything we did and ate. Did not go for the food around the pool, it is out there all day. We just went in Gabi's whenever we wanted anything, you can eat in there or take it out on paper plates to the pool area. We made sure everything we ate was fully cooked and did not eat anything that could have been washed with the local water.The service was great as long as you tipped a dollar or two, I took $100 in ones with me and ran out the last day. I probably tipped to much a few times, but I believe in rewarding good service. The only difference here is if you have that dollar or two out before you ask for what you want, the service was faster and better. The Dominican people seem to never be in a hurry, well I was on vacation, so I never was either.The wedding was great, they did a wonderful job except getting all of us to where our dinner was set up at after the wedding and reception was over. The wedding was at 4:00pm and when the reception at the Wedding gazebo was over, we had at least a hour and a half to kill before dinner. We had to wait about 15 minutes on a shuttle, but this was the only complaint we had on the wedding day. It seemed once we were done, they turned all attension to the next wedding scheduled 2 hours after the one we attended. We will return again, the price was great for all we got and did. We would book royal service again also. All the people we knew that got sick ate in the buffets by the other pools the first day and were all sick within 24 hours of doing so. Some of the others had problems with their rooms, in fact the same kinds of problems that you read on here from others.For all those with the bad reviews, I think that they are just those that nothing will please, if you didn't have a great time here, I don't think that there is any place you will have a great time at.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>bgbilsy
<Content>Amazing We stayed at the Melia Caribe royal service for 1 week at the end of June this year and we can not wait to return. This was our 5th trip to Punta Cana. We have stayed at the Bahia, Majestic, Bavaro Princess, Grand Paradise Bavaro, and now the Melia Caribe royal Service.We always try to go to new resorts but I will definately return to the Melia. The Service, rooms and food were the best we have ever had.We were booked in to a Royal service Master suite but upraded to the 1 bedroom suite on arrival. This gave us sooo much extra room (we have 2 kids so we don't travel light ) The rooms were top notch. Best we have ever encountered in the dominican. People always say that they don't care what their room is like cause they don't spend much time there but I love having a nice room. we always spend 2-4 hrs a day (besides sleeping) in our room just relaxing sitting on the balcony, resting from the swimming and heat of the day.This 1 bedroom suite did not let me down. It had a full kitchen with granite countertops beautiful bedroom with separate vanities and jet tub. Dinning area and tv area. The Gabi Area exclusive to the royal service is very beautiful and very clean. The food was excellent in the Gabi restraunt. I usually lose weight on our holidays because I don't always like the food. I try everything but for some reasons it hasn't been my favorite part of our holidays. The Gabi restraunt had great food. The Lobster Supreme (Ala Carte) I ate most nights was delicious. For Suppers you can either eat the buffet or A La Carte at the Gabi.The Gabi had great atmosphere, was not busy and a nice open air style.The pool area at the Gabi was great. My kids loved it. Very Very clean, great food and fun huts to lay in. The Beach area was also very nice. The Royal Service rooms are not beach front and I was worried bout this when booking, but was pleasently surprised. The transportation in the royal service was exceptional. Never had to wait for a trolley and they take you right to the beach. The bar service on the beach was very nice to have as well. The only complaint I have in regards to the resort was while we were there, there was some seaweed That washed up and in the water daily but that seems to happen during the rainy season. It would have been better if they would have raked it up once in a while. This is minor but...Entertainment was the usual, But my kids sure enjoyed the zip line and bungee tramps.All in All we really enjoyed our time. This is one of the only resorts (besides the Bahia) I would return to not because the others weren't up to par because they were great but because this one was exceptional in every way.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tavern
<Content>Better Choices Had read many reviews some good some bad but it fit our budget. Check in was a night mare. We booked Rs they say very quick, took well over an hour.The help was not overly friendly and seemed bothered they had to work.The resort grounds are beautiful and very well kept.Nice beach,pool area in RS was very nice.Our room in RS was great, very comfortable bed, great TVs,nice bath and lovley porch.The butler service is a joke. We never saw him once we were brought to our room.We spent most of our days at the pool. The service in general was poor.I must say the service at the Gabbie was always great they really seemed to care and go out of there way but that was the only place we received good service.The pool snack bar had the best food of all. Great chicken ,good pizza and ice cream. We were a group of 11 and 5 of us got sick from the food at different times during the week.The quality of food at all the restaurants we ate at was 3 on a scale of 10. Hardly worth the money and very dissapointing.All in all I would never recommend this resort to anybody there are far better choices in the DR.Seems as thought the airport is having growing pains.That was also a joke, way to many people for them to handel.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>justbrassy
<Content>Great Family Vacation My family (Husband and two kids 8, 13) went to the Melia Caribe Tropical July 10-17. 2008. I utilized all the posts on TA to assist with our selection so I felt compelled to return the favor hope these comments are helpful鈥?My POV: I travel quite extensively so I know that when going to other countries I enjoy what is different and unique-if I wanted American-type food and customs I would vacation in the US. That being said鈥?br/>Room:1-bedroom Master Suite-Royal Service. I would not go to the Melia without the upgraded service-it was worth every penny. The room was spacious and the furnishings were well-kept. Maid service was thorough and timely (between 9-10:30 every day)-but turn-down was inconsistent (4 of seven nights we received turn-down). Don鈥檛 count on the butler-but the concierge makes up for this (say Hello to Betania!). They don鈥檛 put roll-aways in the RS/MS so unless your kids like sleeping on the pull-out together bring a blow-up or put pillows between them (that鈥檚 what we did).Food:Ate at the Gabi (3X-Loved it-get the Specialty Lobster), the Dominican (1X Loved it-For the adventurous-try the Goat Stew), the Thai (1X-Liked it Surprisingly good), the Japanese (The show was poor-the food was very good-my family loved the fried ice cream dessert), the International (Poor-Skip this one!!). Breakfast at the Gabi was very good. I found the service to be quite good-people went out of their way for us customizing off-menu selections etc鈥?Beach: Separate just for RS. I loved the comfy chairs lots of palapas to use-not too many doing the 鈥渟ave your chair at the crack of dawn鈥?thing. Went to the beach 4 days never had a problem finding a spot. The water was bath water warm and the sea grass was there but I knew that so it didn鈥檛 bother me. The beach service was good (Santiago kept the drinks coming!)Pool:Loved having a quieter pool that wasn鈥檛 crowded. Drink service and the pool grill was great (Tip: you can get room service to bring you anything from the grill even if its not on the menu). Excursions:Took a Speedboat/Snorkeling tour (30 mins by boat to the spot 1hr snorkel then back) $75/pp. Loved it!Tips: I tip for good service period. Did it make a difference-doesn't it always? But I did not feel like it was expected. Negatives:The golf carts got irritating when they were slow (twice) and the time-share guys were a bit of a nuisance (my hubby helped this by egging them on though).  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>RosieTexas
<Content>Above Average Facilities; Below Average Service We just returned from 8 days at The Melia Caribe (Aug. 1 - 8). The resort is big, bustling and, in many ways, beautiful. Unfortunately, the service does not remotely match the quality of the facilities. Royal Service is anything but royal -- average would be a better description. We encountered check-in difficulties, maintenance issues, transportation issues, rudeness ... you name it. Be prepared for very slow response times and endless communication struggles (no one speaks English).The beach was extremely nice. Go early in the morning before the sea grass gets all stirred up by the motorized water sports. Good luck trying to hitch a ride from The Royal Service villas to the beach. The golf carts run inconsistently, when they run at all.The food was pretty good. Be sure to visit the Japenese restaurant. It was as good as everyone claimed. If you are looking for a Disney-like experience with big crowds, lush grounds and you have a high tolerance for inefficiencies, you will probably enjoy this resort. It is very family friendly and does offer alot in the way of tropical beauty. As for our family, we do not plan to return. Just too many frustrations.If you are going to The Melia Caribe, be sure to take all of your paperwork from your travel agent with you. You will need it when you check in. Also, you will be ordered to attend certain meetings at certain times. This ticked me off! We did not attend one single meeting. If you too elect to not attend the meetings, be sure you get your transfer pass the day before you check-out. This is your ticket back to the airport. We spent about $150 in tips. Looking back, we probably would have gotten the same (marginal) service if we had spent $15 in tips. Lastly, if you are planning a romantic getaway, I strongly recommend you study the different floor plans before selecting your room type. Our room (Royal Service, Bldg. #49), had a see-through bathroom off the bedroom. That's right: SEE-THROUGH! Yes, you could see into the toilet area as well. If modesty and/or privacy is important to you, this see-through design will severely disturb you. And heaven forbid that you get sick, as I did a couple of nights. Hopefully, you get the picture here. I wish we had chosen the one bedroom suite with two bathrooms.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	1	1	4	

<Author>lcat33
<Content>The Worst Vacation I Ever Had The only positive thing I can say about this facility is that the grounds are well maintained...and now for the bad news: 1.Arrival and check-in took 45 minutes. No one seemed to know how to use the computer or who was responsible for what.2.Room upgrades that we booked were ignored and the # of beds requested were incorrect3. We finally got to room and it took another hour for the bags to arrive.4.Dinner Reservations were totally frustrating. We were told we had no reservation (even though we called prior and were told we didn鈥檛 need to do that until we arrived) and were sent to the Marketplace for dinner. The food in this factory style buffet was the qualityof a public school cafeteria. You couldn't eat healthy if you wanted to. 5.Were told by , a guest relation worker, to confirm flight the following day at 10:30. This was a scam to run us into the vacation club presentation.6. We woke up on our first full day to no running water. We called and were told it would be fixed. We called again after 40 minutes when no one arrived.7.We went to see another rep at 10:30 to confirm our flight. He was not there and we waited 30 minutes for him to show up and then ask us to wait another 15 minutes. When he finally sat down, he told us he couldn鈥檛 confirm out flight until the day before our departure and proceeded to try to sell us on excursions. We were very clear that we were not interested in buying anything further and the sales pitch continued. When asked if we had any questions we expressed that our lack of water was still and issue and he advised up to call the 3000 number which we told him we called twice already. He made no other effort to assist us and we were then ushered out by guest relation workerand put on a golf cart.8.We were then taken to a Vacation Club meeting and were told by guest relation workerthat we need to sit for 20 minutes even though the paper said 90 so he could get his points and we would get 50.00 to spend. We told him we weren鈥檛 interested in the club but at that point thought we could get someone鈥檚 attention about the water if we went in. The guest relation worker said that if we sat with the rep. he would call a manager about the water. So we did sit there and then told the female rep about the problem. Without hesitation she went on with the sales pitch. Another male rep was sent over and we told him we were not interested in buying a club membership. He apologized about our bad experiences thus far and inquired how much we paid for our vacation. He then proceeded to walk us over to a gallery of pictures. ( the founder and all the other Melia resorts around the world) He the asked, 鈥淗ow would like to spend less on our vacation next time?鈥?To which I responded, 鈥淲ill my room have water?鈥?I then told him outright how aggravated I was that the beginning of my first vacation day was taken up by these sales antics. He then summoned two managers who we told how disappointed we were in our first day鈥檚 stay. We alerted them about the water and then and only then after going through the 3000 number twice,guest relation worker , the rep from hotel beds, the female rep, the male rep did they offer to call to see to the problem. We were in the midst of other vacationers receiving the sales pitch and I believe their interest was in shutting us up as to not allow the others to see our dissatisfaction. 9.We left and walked back to our room (no one offered to escort us and they had TO the sales promotion) and miraculously the problem had been rectified. By this time it was almost 2pm.10.Specialty restaurants the food was terrible. The menus did not make sense. Why in an Italian restraint would you not have Parmesan cheese on the tables? Since when is Brie cheese an Italian appetizer? The seafood that was offered seemed frozen. The desserts were definitely frozen and thawed, sometimes not even all the way. In the French restaurant I ordered a spinach role and was served a soggy plate of green slop swimming in cream. Presentation and especially taste were appalling. 11.The bars were under-stocked and under manned. At the pool bar the soda fountains on the upper level did not work. Every time you ordered a soda they would have to go down to the bottom pool level to retrieve it. 鈥hey did not stock basic things like cranberry or orange juices.鈥hey only offered Presidente beer. 鈥artenders would ignore you unless you put tip money on the bar BEFORE service.鈥?Bartenders did not know how to make basic drinks. I received a Cosmopolitan at the bar by the Mexican restaurant in a glass with salt around the rim as if I had ordered a Margherita. I thought it was a mistake so I reordered the drink to get another the same way.12.The only way to get service was to show the tips and no one would make change. I was told by the front desk, guest services, the store and the bartenders they could not make change for a 20 dollar bill. 13.The only way to get change was at the casino and for that you had to get chips. In order to get ANY SERVICE you had to put a tip out which should not be the case. Any decent percent would tip for good service rendered. THIS resort seemed to work in reverse. 14.No one answered a question directly and we were sent to person after person.15.To make a dinner reservation was extremely frustrating. In order to get one you had to call no later than 11 am and the staff would rush you off the phone mid question. I was hung up on twice in mid sentence.16. My husband and I were celebrating our 13 wedding anniversary adn were profoundly disappointed in this trip. It was frustrating and I had a stress headache for the 9 days we were there. MY advice is go to the BAHAMAS where people are glad to see you, friendly, hand you a drink upon arrival and tell you to RELAX because you're on vacation.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>marcym
<Content>A Relaxing Vacation My husband and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from 8/1 to 8/6/08. I have to admit, I was a little nervous about going to this resort. I read several reviews that were alarming. However, we had a wonderful time. The resort is beautiful. The grounds are well kept and the architect is amazing. The pool and beach was wonderful. The resort is large, but it is very easy to get around. Every night, we had a private golf cart pick us up for dinner. The rooms were very clean. We stayed in villa 31. I have to admit, I did not see much difference in the service that was provided for the royal suites. I am glad that we did not choose to upgrade for this service. There are 11 restaurants to choose from. Overall, the food was decent. There were several people that we met that had intestinal issues from the food. My husband was one of those individuals. However, I did not get ill from any of the food. The only thing different that we ate was that I did not consume any beef. The resort provides bottled water for all guests. Overall, I would definately recommend this resort. Also, the resort was very kid friendly. I hope this review helps!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lisanevada
<Content>Melia Caribe - a beautiful resort ***Reposted from the forums with some editing***This was a really hard trip to prepare for mentally. I read quite a few reviews and I found it hard to believe people were discussing the same resort. It was either the most fabulous location on the planet or it was the pit of despair and we should cancel.Apple Tours - Apple took really good care of us. We booked two excursions through them and, when my BIL need medical help, Apple made sure their quality control folks were in contact. Royal Service - we did not book royal service and I don鈥檛 think we missed anything. Apple was able to book up to three restaurants for us and we were always able to get prime pool space and a pool cabana as well. Check-in - we arrived on Saturday at around 7 pm. Check in was painless, with only one group ahead of us. One potential slow-down is that they asked us to complete an application into the Sol Melia Club. I declined (already completed one on the internet) and that kept things moving. Our bags were delivered to our room while we went off to dinner with our family (who had arrived the day before).Rooms - we thought our room was great. Big, comfortable, clean. My MIL/FIL had the same room and she thought it was shabby. My BIL (with wife and three kids) had a family suite. It was the EXACT same room with a trundle bed instead of a table and chairs. We were all on the tropical side, near the beach and the main pool. This was perfect for us. It was about a 10-15 minute walk to the main lobby where all the dinner restaurants are but, again, we did not mind the walk. We also never had any trouble flagging down a golf cart and asking for a ride. The train worked better for us coming back from the main lobby. Food - the food ranged anywhere from good to excellent. Breakfast at the Agora buffet was consistently good. Big selection of steam table (bacon, eggs, pancakes, waffles, etc) and cold table (fruit, breads, spreads, etc) food as well as omelets made to order. Lots of salad type foods as well (very Mediterranean). I loved the mashed bananas. We were usually seated by 8:30 so we never had to deal with crowds. Lunch at the buffet and was also good. The grill was going constantly with fish, chicken, and beef and there was always a variation on paella. Again, lots of hot and cold buffet items. Dinner - we were able to book dinners at almost every restaurant (missed our Japanese reservation and could not get in the Thai). The food was always very good - especially the appetizers. We especially liked the Italian which had a help yourself antipasto bar. Our worst experience service-wise was at the International restaurant. The food was fine - the service was glacial. Not sure if our being a party of nine was a contributing factor. As for that Japanese place - get there on time! Dress codes - don鈥檛 believe them. The website says men need to wear long pants, collar shirts and closed toe shoes at dinner. Some of the restaurants (Capri, French) even had signs posted outside the dining room with the same info. Those same restaurants seated men in ball caps and shorts. Baffling. Pool - the main pool on the tropical side was beautiful. Not too crowded and we could always get a row of chaises right by the pool. The resort discourages reserving chaises and cabanas with towels but everybody does it. We loved the swim up bar. Beware of those cocoa locos though - they are a natural laxative!Beach - we did not spend much time on the beach other than early morning walks. I loved watching the staff raking up the seaweed every day. Really.What is there to do all day? Depends. Greens fees were included in our trip but none of us play golf. There were tennis courts but, again, none of us play. Non-motorized water sports are included - sunfish, kayaks, paddleboats. Water aerobics every day at noon at the pool was always a giggle. We booked three excursions to break up the week (see forums for info on excursions)Timeshare pushers - Yes. They are everywhere. Just tell them no thank you. Its not that big of a deal. Tipping - we brought $60-$70 singles and probably tipped out $50. Its not necessary but it really seemed appreciated. Would I recommend the place? If you like all-inclusive vacation/resorts in an absolutely beautiful setting, yes, I would recommend it. Would I go back? Probably not - too many other places to see.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>kdogg75
<Content>I would not return here!! We just got back from our stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical; we stayed there from Thursday 7/31-Monday 8/4. Leading up to our departure, I had been reading the reviews on TripAdvisor and I have to say that most have been on the money. If you are looking for a clean room with plenty of towels (including wash clothes) and good service, then definitely book Royal Service. I can't stress that enough. Upon arrival, we waited in line to be checked in for over an hour. There didn't appear to be any particular reason why we waited this long (there were probably 8 people in front of us when we arrived); the service is just very slow! We were determined not to let this bother us (as we had read on TripAdvisor that this was an issue here). We requested to be in a building near the beach so the manager put us in building 32 and asked us not to go to our room for an hour as they were still getting it ready (it was about 4:30pm at this point). We readily agreed and went to get some food and waited about an hour and a half before heading to our room. When we arrived, there were about 4 Maintenance people in our room working on the ceiling/plumbing in the bathroom. The head maintenance person actually asked us if someone had sent us to this room? He seemed very surprised that they would book someone in this room. I asked him if we should call and try to get moved and he said no and it would be no problem but just give him another hour. Needless to say, the first night it rained hard and the bathroom floor was soaked from the leak. We also saw large insects in the bathroom. We called to complain and they said that they would send someone over first thing in the morning to fix the leak but no one ever showed. Since our stay was relatively short, we decided it wasn't worth the hassle of dealing with their management and trying to get moved. We read that it is a good idea to tip so that you get better service. We tipped everyone. In hindsight, I think that it was really only worth it (if you are looking for better service) to tip the maid and bartenders.The casino was shady. One of the dealers actually told my boyfriend that he wanted to punch him. My boyfriend had done well at the casino over the past few nights and had done very well off of that particular dealer the night prior. I promise you that our actions had not warranted this threat!! We were always very pleasant and courteous to all the dealers (especially with tipping).The food was average/below average. The Japanese restaurant is definitely the best. You are definitely hounded by people trying to get you to purchase their time share. We didn't have any issues getting restaurant reservations. We went to the spa for massages and they were very nice there. The grounds are beautiful and very well kept. The place is huge (and confusing to get around as there are few signs) however that didn't bother us as we didn't mind walking.We absolutely made the best of this and tried hard to not let it ruin our vacation. I think our experience in Punta Cana would have been much better had we stayed somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	1	2	3	

<Author>PurpleJ
<Content>Family with a 19 yr old from NJ We (my husband  19 yr old son) just got back from the Melia Caribe, July 11th-17th. After reading all the reviews we were on the fence about the Royal Service. However at check-in we decided since we had a teenager with us it would be nice to upgrade with the intentions of getting a larger room. They charged us $90 p.p. per night for the Royal Service. Price included a butler we never saw, a private section of the beach, a private pool  restaurant exclusively for the Royal guests. I specifically told them at check-in that we needed 2 beds. I鈥檓 bi-lingual so we shouldn鈥檛 have had any communication problems right? When we arrived at building 51 we discovered the Royal Service Master Suite they gave us only had 1 king size bed  a small sofa bed. The room would have been perfect for honeymooners or couples but not for a family with kids. In addition, this type of room didn't have a wall between the bedroom  bathroom so there wasn't any privacy. After the 2nd day of not being satisfied with the accommodations I asked for the hotel manager. He was very nice and agreed they should have known better. In the end they upgraded us to a 1 bedroom Master Suite. It was fully equipped like a condo but it still only had 1 king size bed so they brought in a twin size bed in the living room. By then we just wanted to settle down, and it gave us more space to move around. Was the Royal Service worth the money? We didn鈥檛 think so. What the resort did have was a Flintstone section with a kiddy play area. If you have kids I recommend you ask for a room in the Tropical side.The resort is huge but we didn鈥檛 find that an issue. From our building the private pool, VIP Lounge and the Gabi restaurant were just a few yards away. Otherwise you did have to take a golf cart around. There were also 2 trains to take you along the other sections. We really never had to wait for a ride. The private beach area included a bar and they did cater to us. The grounds were kept meticulously and were very beautiful. We found the people very friendly and the staff could speak pretty good English. Food = Average. There were times when we could only get late reservations at a restaurant but in general the service was always good. The Japanese, Dominican and the Capri (seafood) were the best; the American Grill the worst. The Gabi was very good for breakfast  lunch and if you were too tired from the sun good for dinner as well, however the Gabi is opened air, no AC.Entertainment and Bars = Average. Royal Service offered top shelf brands, but whether you were in the regular section or Royal Service they only served 1 beer, 鈥淓l Presidente鈥?which we didn鈥檛 like. The house wine which is included was average; you had to pay for better quality wines. The resort did offer plenty of bottled water and all the lounges, bars and restaurants were very accommodating with any drinks. We were disappointed with the nightly entertainmentt. Every night at 10:00 they had a different show. All I can say is it was just Ok. They did have a lot of lounges spread throughout and a small casino. We did have fun there. Beach Area = Average and the main reason we rated it this way was becasue of the seaweed. I don鈥檛 care what others have written it wasn鈥檛 1 or 2 strands; there were clumps all along the stretch of the beach. Every morning we saw bags lined up on the beach with workers manually bagging the seaweed and carting it off but within minutes it was back. Otherwise it would have been a beautiful beach lined with straw umbrellas and chairs to relax on. Would we return? Perhaps but to another section of Punta Cana where there is no seaweed.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>komo
<Content>Will definitely return to the Melia Our family of 4 stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical July 2-9. We were originally booked into the Tropical side of the resort but upgraded to Royal Service after the first night. Our original room was a family jr suite in building 2, near the beach and the Tropical pool where all the kids activities are, so the location was good but I felt the accomodations were a bit dated and not as clean as I would have liked (curtains pulling away from rods unfixed, gaps in door leading outside and a large open hole in ceiling of bathroom above the shower which made me nervous). The a/c was extremely loud and it was on an access road where we could hear vehicles going by all night. The next morning we chose to pay the additional cost to move to Royal Service (RS) and were so happy that we did. It was like night  day! The rooms in RS were updated with gorgeous jacuzzi tub, marble bathroom  private bedroom. Once we moved to RS, we were in walking distance to all the restaurants and bars rather than having to take the tram back and forth (resort is massive). The food was very good to terrific at all the restaurants we tried but especially at the Gabi. We had no problem getting reservations to all the restaurants we wanted. Pools and beach area are stunning and clean with plenty of chairs and lots of shade. There was seaweed on the beach but it was cleaned up twice a day. Tipping and speaking a bit of spanish definitely helped us get what we wanted. We found everyone to be friendly and thoroughly enjoyed our trip once we made the move . Our kids aged 9  5 were engaged the whole week with water activities  only wanted one day at kids club, where they did the obstacle course/rock climbing  euro bungee for a small fee. We never got sick and we only drank bottled water, which they clearly tell you to do even for brushing our teeth. We were approached a couple of times about the timeshare but we were firm about our disinterest and it wasn't a problem. Overall, we felt our trip and this resort were wonderful but would definitely recommend the Royal Service vs regular.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>resortspert
<Content>Too big, Go only for Royal Service category If you do not stay in the Royal Service category, you will not get good service/attention. Also must upgrade to the Master Suite-Royal Service if you want the luxury of ordering room service. Check In is much faster in RS than regular check-in . Your bags are brought right along with you to your room. Regular check in can take 1-2 hours. Your bags can arrive to your room 1-2 hours after that. In the RS section, you can wait along the sidewalk for a golf cart to pick you up and bring you around the resort. It is so big, you cannot walk to too many things yourself. There is a train/shuttle that continually circles the resort for those that want to go to the beach or back to the front lobby (and other stops along the way). RS side has it's own Gabi Club and pool. Only for RS members. The food and service there was great. In the RS section you are assigned a butler. This person is suppose to come and transport you anywhere you want to go on the resort. Called him 3 times - only came once - when we actually checked out of the room. La Pagoda (Thai restaurant) was o.k. (at best). El Guardo Rest. food was better than the Thai. Making reservations at any of the restaurants (if you are not an RS member) is tough/if at all possible. As usual with the Caribbean, there is no urgency or rush to assist you in getting something done. It is extremely humid there all the time. Never a good hair day! Shuttles from the airport to the hotel are very slow. Take a taxi for $30 to the resort. You will get to the resort much faster. Beautiful resort - too big though.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>CubanitaL05
<Content>NICE facilities, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE service!       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>myboysBrooklyn
<Content>fun fun and fun Melia Caribe Tropical. Thats the hotel we stayed at D.R. we loved it , the staff was great, the people very friendly and fun to be around. before going to punta cana i was reading some of the reviews and i have to say i got a little nerves. people were saying how the staff were rude and not friendly at all, always trying to sell you things well let me tell you how wrong they were. they were the kindess caring people anyone can meet on a resort staff. we did the royal service and it was wonderful.My kids and niece and nephew had a blast. we are defitley going back. the only thing i have to say is do not listen to all of those reviews, just experience it for youself. we did and loved it.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>emarr0426
<Content>Beautiful Resort My family and i went to Punta Cana and we stood at the Melia Caribe and our experiance was absolulty fantastic.. The resort was like Paridise. The food was excellent and the service was great.. I would really recommend this place to all my friends.. My kids had a realy nice time and so did i.. I love the drinks my favorite was the Coco Loco.. and the bartenders were so nice. the beach and the pool was gorgoeus.. This was the best vacation i have taken in a long time. This was my very first all inclusive vacation and i am so glad i came to this resort..  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>87mustang
<Content>Melia Diarrhea Tropical We went with a group of 10 people and I have been home for two days and am finally off of the toilet long enough ,I hope, to write this. Like just about everyone writing about this place, the grounds were beautiful and well maintained. Check in gave us our first glimpse of what was to come. Apparently noone in the DR has ,or ever will utter these four words  May I help you. After waiting to check in for 20 minutes we finally cornered a desk clerk. A resort this size with as many Americans visiting should have at least one staff member fluent in English. It definitely would cut down on the check in times if they could understand us and we understand them. They also need to at very least be able to give us correct information.I think, we were told Royal service was $70 a day per person ( another $2500 for my group of 4, a bit much don't you think , Melia) while another family in our group was quoted $90 a day per person by a different clerk. Never did get an answer on that one. It was after 3:30PM when we arrived at our room only to find the beds unmade and towels on the floor. Any Motel 6 in the world will not let you go to your room if it's not ready but this 4 star just sent you on your way. The room was ok but try to get a first floor room if you still want to go. The second floor rooms have vaulted ceilings and the air just does a minimal job while the first floor rooms were actually cold. One bed was fine while the other was caved in the middle. Maid service was hit or miss. We never did get our fourth towel for 4 people and the room was not made up one day even at 4:30 pm ( four star???).The shower water temp control was non existent (No cold water..nothing like a hot shower on a sunburn) and the toilet filled with scalding hot water when flushed making each and every all too often visit all that much more special. The restaurants were just OK and the food was passable if you could keep it down or in.The manditory reservations are a joke. All the restuarants always had empty tables. The buffet was OK and even had Saltine crackers available for a short time for those of us that couldn't eat anything else. Everyone in our group was in great spirits the first day and wondering what all the negative reports were about .Then.......everyone in our party was sick beginning the second day with vomiting and diarrhea. The kids in our group seemed to bounce back , but the the adults all had a very long week, even with Imodium. Bar service at the pool was also hit or miss. Some days you got your 8oz semi cold drink or beer quickly and other days you just stood and sweat because you didn't exsist. We have to agree with another report posted here about tipping. If your provide decent service a tip is in order ,but in the DR you are expected to tip everyone before they do anything whether it's done correctly or not . Side trips are another adventure. Trips are not refundable unless you call your special agent  the night before your adventure to cancel. That must be why there's a phone on the wall by the toilet. If you are sick the morning of your trip, too bad,most trips leave at 8 am and your special agent doesn't roll in till 9:30. We were told by him that I needed $150 medical excuse from the hotel in order to get a $75 trip refunded...Makes perfect sense to me. Right?! It is a different planet outside the resorts. Apparently in the DR garbage belongs on the side of the road ,if you want to call that pot holed piece of asphalt a road. Public beaches are just another place for locals to dump stoves, refrigs , cars, etc.and set up yet another almost free  tablet of trinkets. In another 5-7 years the whole island will be a land fill. It really is too bad the natives think so little of their paradise. T he beach was ok, however this was the first island in the Carribean that we visited that has ever had seaweed or some type of vegetation washed up on the sand. The pool was OK ,but not refreshing. Could have been cleaner...YUK! The trains to transport you around the compound were sporadic, some days really good and other days not so good and one really needed to be overhauled. Diesel smoke and high temps and humidity make for a less than enjoyable ride. The casino was small and extremely smokey. Can't tell you much about the entertainment because we were usually scrambling back to our rooms after dinner for an Imodium nightcap. Would we go back? hell NEVER! Not for that kind of money. If tourism is going to be the DR's major industry besides tobacco, they 've got a really long way to go as far as service and health issues before they even come close to any of the other carribean islands or cruise lines.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>brandymuff
<Content>Fabulous resort from A to Z       Horse and Buggy  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TravelingCouple72305
<Content>Not a Great Choice My husband and I visited this hotel for our anniversary trip. We take a trip to the Caribbean every year and we chose the Dominican Republic. We were aware that we had to pay the $10.00 to get in the country; but we were not aware that in order to get good service you had to pull out a dollar. We paid a lot of money for this all inclusive resort and we had to upgrade to Royal Service and tip non stop to get decent service. The customer service is not the best; the Dominican people are not the friendliest. I understand that their Country is very poor, but they do have a job to do and that is to serve the guest at the resort. I believe in tipping, but usually after I receive good service. I must say the food was good, but the bartenders did not make good drinks at all. Every time you ask for a drink if they did not have a Spanish name for it they did not know what it was. I do not recommend this resort to anyone that does not speak Spanish fluently. It is a huge communication barrier and that interferes with your service. Please avoid the 鈥淲elcome Package鈥?it is a time share/ vacation package presentation. This was a major turn off, I am trying to enjoy my expensive vacation and you have people manipulating you to receive a package and waste at least 2 hours of your day. If you are not on the Royal Service side you have to wait for a train in the hot sun to come and get you to take you to the main building for the restaurants and entertainment.( Huge Problem) The pool closed at 7 pm; I have a sun allergy so I have to swim when the sun goes down. The people in this country are mostly hustlers and they use the communication barrier as a way to get over on you. The souvenirs are not a reasonable price (Do not go to Higuey they are the same price) and you will find most of the souvenir shops along the beach. I do not feel it was enough activities planned for the guest on the resort; it was rather bland and boring. The Beach is open to the locals that try to sell items and excursion; that was very annoying as well. If you are planning to visit this resort please have a lot of dollar bills or Pesos because your service depends on it.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	5	2	1	4	

<Author>1hollywoodstarlet
<Content>Beautiful resort but don't visit during the peak season! The resort is both beautiful and large. There are several lounge areas and two pool bars. One of the pool bars is in the VIP (Royal Service area). Check-in was a bit of a pain since the lobby isn鈥檛 enclosed, so it鈥檚 not air conditioned. Certain parts of the Dominican airport are not air conditioned so standing in a hot lobby behind several other couples waiting to check in is less than comfortable. Express Check in and Check out is available to Royal Service members only.We were told to leave our baggage at the front lobby and the bell boys would bring it to the room. This was a completely foreign concept to me, but it was nice not having to lug around our heavy bags, and once we actually walked the grounds and located our room, I understood why they bring you your bags to your room. You will waste a lot of time walking the resort, or waste a lot of time on the train, which makes multiple stops. The other option is to flag down a golf cart and tip the driver for a ride, but this is not always easy to do. Reservations: We visited the resort during the peak season, so making dinner reservations was a complete joke. You couldn鈥檛 call before 9 a.m. When we did, the line was busy. We would get through around 9:30am, only to be told that there was no open spots anywhere in their 11 restaurants. You are not allowed to make a reservation more than 2 days in advance, unless you are Royal Service, and then you can make your reservations a week out. If you don鈥檛 manage to get dinner reservations, you must eat dinner off-site at the mall next door, unless you are Royal Service member. Then you can at least eat at the buffet that is open until 11p.m. My biggest complaint in addition to the difficulty of making reservations is the fact that even if you do get a reservation, you must call back after 2pm to confirm again, and that still doesn鈥檛 guarantee your time. Our reservations were pushed back several times without the staff telling us in advance. So, we had to stop what we were doing in order to make our dinner time, and when we get there, we are told our time is not 8:15pm, but has been moved to 9:30pm. Guest Service is less than helpful, unless you are member of Royal Service. Food: The buffet food was okay but I had a hard time finding healthy dishes. Even the vegetables are cooked in oil or butter, and the salads are doused in dressing or oil. A person gets sick of eating fruit everyday. Dinner was either just okay or excellent. It probably depends on what you order, and who鈥檚 working in the kitchen on any given night. As for tipping, the money that we saved booking this vacation could have been pilfered away with all the tipping you鈥檙e expected to do. After you pay your $10 at the airport, you may have to visit the bathrooms. I shocked to see a bathroom attendant who wanted to be tipped for handing me a paper towel. I鈥檒l get my own damn paper towel; thank you very much! Then you are faced with either fighting off the guys who want to be tipped for getting your bags for you. You will be expected to tip your bus driver who brings you to the resort, and the bell boys who bring your bags to the room. You can tip the bartenders but I don鈥檛 think it made a difference either way. We never had to wait too long for a drink anyway. Besides, there are enough bars in the place that if the wait is too long at one, you can walk a short distance to another lounge where there is less of a wait. We didn鈥檛 tip the bartenders most of the time, nor the waiters, unless the service was extremely good. Tipping the maid service doesn鈥檛 seem to help one way or the other. I didn鈥檛 notice if the room was cleaned earlier because of it, and we didn鈥檛 receive anything extra in the mini fridge. At one point, I actually had to leave the maid a note to refill the coffee!What you read about the absence of washcloths is true, unless you are Royal Service. Read on for more details of what the Royal Service is actually all about, and then you can decide whether the $70 in free resort money is worth about 2 hours of your time.The beach is stunning and clean. Though if you walk past the resort a ways toward the gift shops, you will notice how dirty the shore looks, because this is the area where the locals hang. People that run the gift shops will approach you and ask you to visit their shops where they promise a 鈥済ood price鈥? You can manage a bargain, but the haggling takes patience. We took an excursion to Santo Domingo. I would wholeheartedly NOT recommend this excursion. The 3 hour drive ended up being 5.5 hours each way, and total was just under 15 hours. The advertised time says it is a 12 hour excursion. Apparently, that鈥檚 12 hours Dominican Time. The first stop was a hole in the ground, known as the Three Eyes. It is a cave, in which an earthquake created 3 lakes within. We drove by the Christopher Columbus lighthouse but were unable to go inside. You could only take photos. We stopped by a Sugar Cane Statue, and took a few more photos. Lunch was decent. Then onto the house of Diego, the son of Christopher Columbus, where we able to go inside and take a tour. From there, we visited the Cathedral, which is not air conditioned. We walked right by 2 museums and The Hard Rock Caf茅, and were instead dropped in front of a tourist trap, a.k.a., Colonial Market. You are given 45 minutes to make your purchases. The prices are beyond ridiculous: $9 USD for a shot glass, $15 USD for an ashtray, etc. The prices are also non negotiable, but you get a 20% discount off most things because of the tour operator. Still, the prices are no bargain. I was disappointed that we were unable to go off on our own for a bit, and were unable to haggle with the local vendors for some good bargains. Going to and from, you see poverty and the third world country that is the Dominican Republic. The tour operator never mentioned it, but I think it would have been worth mentioning. Overall, the impression I took away from the Dominican Republic is that they don鈥檛 really preserve their history, and don鈥檛 take pride in their country. We took a snorkeling excursion via Scuba Caribe, which seems to work with the hotel. It is an hour and a half, and $29 per person booked via viator.com. You are taken out on a glass bottom boat to the coral reef, where you can happily snorkel for an hour. Royal Service: You will be approached from the moment you walk into the hotel about making an appointment for this. My husband and me finally agreed, just so they would stop hassling us about it. They tell you that the Royal Service is not a timeshare, because there are no black out dates. Options that are not used one year will roll over to another year. There are over 350 hotels and resorts to use the options with, and you can even use your MasGold points to pay for airfare. The Royal Service rooms are equipped with a kitchen/kitchenette with granite countertops, and refrigerator comes stocked with drinks. The bathrooms have a Jacuzzi tub and granite countertops. The VIP lounge area boasts a swim up pool bar, regular bar, and buffet that is also open for dinner until 11p.m. Royal Service members also get room service. If you are not a Royal Service member, you do not have the room service option. At the pool area, Staff will bring you drinks and food at your request. The price for Royal Service varies, based on the package that your salesperson thinks would suit your needs best. A downpayment of several thousand dollars is required, and the balance financed through a bank in the Dominican Republic at 13.4%. They do not do credit checks, and do not report to the credit bureaus in the US, so it will not show as open account on a credit check. The pools close way too early at the resort: 6pm. If you take a walk on the beach, I highly recommend bug spray, as malaria runs rampant, and the sand fleas will happily make a meal of you. Nightlife: There is Karaoke at least twice a week in one of the lounges, and live music until 10pm in another lounge on the weekends. The discoth猫que is open every night at 10pm-2am. I liked it but the whole place smelled of musty sweat. Gross. This was our first stay at an all inclusive resort, and overall it was pleasant, but I would not recommend going during peak season. The sales tactics are also less than pleasant, but we did turn our $70 into $140 spending money at the resort. It seems you have to be Royal Service member to really have a hassle free stay there.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>PortRichmond
<Content>Nice resort! however prror service and hopitality We just returned back on Monday 7-21-08 from the Melia Caribe in Punta Cana. We were there for a wedding The resort proerty was beautiful as well as the wedding. However their is serious issues with the quality,cleanliness, lack of towels and wash clothesin the rooms. We had to switch our room due to this issue and the second room was cleaner however it lacked againg enough towels for four people,wash clothes,bed linens and pillows. This is not a true all inclusive. It you wanted to selct a bottle of wine or ask for a diffent drink at he restaurants or the casino the would chrge you or try to charge you for a premium drink in the casino. This is by kniw means an all inclusive. I have traveled mant times in the recent years and this is the first time that I was frustated and totallu unsatisfied in the beginning our our trip. It took nme a while to just cave in and quit and take it for what it was. P.S. The Ac in the room was lousy. I will not return to this hotel. As far as Punta Cana is concerned I would definately return as my first experience on the Island was awesome we stayed at Secrets now Excelleence.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parrotmon
<Content>A Great Resort with an even Greater Beach We have just returned from 7 days the 14th of July to the 21st at the Melia Caribe Tropical.Our European family arrived a day before us and was roomed on the Tropical side which seems to keep the Americans and the Euorpeans apart.We were first booked in block 8 which looks good on the map but afer being there we realized how lucky we were to be in block 18,which is close to the dining and out in the open so there was a breeze and an open area out back with the peacocks making sure we did not oversleep.We were feeding 7 who were on and in our first floor balcony most mornings.The block 18 is a walk to the pool and beach area which kept us in good spirits rather then our usual Ocean front rooms where we get exercise by only walking to and from the dining areas. We all felt better for the walk.We had to be creative with the specialty dining as we were 7 and there never was a table for us until we reserved a table for 6 and a 6 year old.In the buffet where we had breakfast and lunch most of the time and dinners ,we figured out real quick how to keep the coffee and wine coming, if you could not figure that out ,you should try to get out more.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>chiefslapaho
<Content>Avoid like the plague Let me start with the good, since there won't be much, the resort was beautiful. It was huge, clean, and well maintained. It was almost too huge, but I enjoyed the large spacious feel (my wife didn't though). If you don鈥檛 want to ready the entire thing to get the idea, avoid this resort like the plague.Well, that's all of the good, now for the bad.1. The food was not good at all. The restaurants were just south of OK, but everyone we went with was sick at least once. The Japanese restaurant was the best, but we had to agree to a time share presentation to get reservations for that. The buffet near the main entrance was the best, and with the exception of the lobster night, it was mediocre at best. Everyone was sick at least once, and two of our group were still sick when they got home. My wife missed two days of work when we got home because of something she ate there.2. The pools close at 7. Who closes a pool at 7 in the Caribbean? We would have stayed in longer but they would throw us out at 7.3. The staff was less than motivated to help you out. I don't know if it is a cultural thing or what, but if, IF, you could get their attention they would slowly wander over and take your order. Then they would turn around and leisurely walk away, probably filling other orders, and finally remember you ordered something. If it wasn't beer there was no way you could get the same drink mixed the same way twice. Also, frozen drinks were few and far between. Trying to get a drink menu was like pulling toe nails off a police dog. Now, if you tipped them, it was a whole different story, see next paragraph.4. Tipping. I paid a lot of money to avoid having to take money with me everywhere. I have no problem with tipping, but I don't expect to have to tip every person I see when I'm on vacation. I specifically requested a vacation through my travel agent where I didn't have to tip. It starts at the airport (of course) where you tip a guy to move your bag about 30 feet to the bus. This is standard, so I wasn't too upset. Also, you have to buy a pass into the country ($10). You walk the pass about 10 feet to another guy that takes it from you. What a scam.Then you get on your Apple bus (that was my vacation company). The Apple representative tells you how long you will be on the road to your hotel and you arrive after he announces that you don't have to tip the driver, but the economy survives on it. You also get the typical speech how your driver just happens to be the best in the country. My bus ride was 15 minutes long and I did not see one NASCAR worthy moment during my trip. So you get pressured to tip him on the way off. As soon as you are off the bus the porters have their hands out to take a tip for removing your bags from the bus and putting them near the front desk. Then your bags show up at your room somewhere in the next two hours. If you tip them, you get them a lot faster.The maids will clean your room faster and better if you leave a tip for them. Apparently you could also tip the maids and they would stock your mini fridge with rum, but I never tried. The bartenders will serve you faster if you tip them. I tried tipping one of them to see what the difference was, and anytime I saw him after that he immediately asked me if I needed anything. They expect the tips up front, then provide the service, instead of working for them/earning them after a job well done. That irritates me. I tip based on service provided, not on the hope my service will be good.5. There were no bars on the beach. The nearest bar was a considerable walk and no one came out to bring drinks. Now, if you tipped the bartenders at the pool bar (a considerable distance away) they would come out to you and bring trays of drinks (I saw it), of course, that would leave the pool bar understaffed and prolong the wait. The bartenders were less than motivated unless you tipped them up front, then the biggest tipper got the first and best service.6. The second day we were there a note was slipped under the door telling us we had to meet the 鈥淎pple Guy鈥?at the front dest to confirm our departure times. We had to meet him at 5:30. No way was I going to take time out of my vacation to track down a guy on his schedule. The next day we got the same note. We finally started looking for him on the 5th day. He was never there. The front desk didn鈥檛 know when he would be there, the other travel agencies told us he was off, the customer service guy told us to check early in the morning, and no one was right. Basically we looked for him until someone from FunJet was kind enough to look in the Apple book and tell us what time we had to be there. What a joke!!! We paid a lot of money for this vacation and they can鈥檛 even just slip a piece of paper under the door to tell us when to be in the front lobby. They wanted us to take time out to seek the guy that was never there. Horrible.I鈥檓 sure there is more and I know this was lengthy, but I wanted to let everyone know about every aspect. Good luck if you choose this one. P.S. If you can handle the time share guys they will give you $70.00 in certificates (you can even exchange it for currency in the casino). But they are going to try to get you hooked for 90 minutes and won鈥檛 even tell you the price until the end.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Cocunit
<Content>A Let Down We stayed with a large group of people at the Melia Caribe in Punta Cana. At first glance, the resort itself is beautiful. The grounds are well kept and the pool is exciting and fun. The lobby is pretty with ample tropical flowers.Then, Almost instanly we ran into problems. Check in took us an entire hour. (There were only TWO people ahead of us!) The language barrier was by far the worst I have ever experienced. On other vacations, even when the national language isn't English, we have felt a sense of a mutual concern and attempts to understand each other. Well, NOT HERE! Everything seems like a problem. After FINALLY checking in, we were taken to our room via golf cart.. The room was unimpressive. Bare walls uncomfortable pillows. Although it seemed to be clean to me, others in ourparty complained of ants and hair found in thier room. Through out the stay I felt like the room was a bit dreary and wasn't overly enthused to spend a lot of time in it.One extremely important thing to consider when staying at this resort is the size of it. It is HUGE!!! You need to be driven by either a golf cart of a train(which does not go to your room but follows a mapped out route.) I got lost going home the first night after the bar and it took nearly TWO hours to get to my room. Every single building is identical and I was confused right up until our fifth day. The golf carts are not as easily accessible as they are made out to be. In fact, I usually reached my point of destination before even spotting one. Also, I usually tipped the driver between 3 to 5 dollars each time they gave me a lift and only once or twice was thanked. I don't mind walking on a vacation but when you just want to go to get a bite to eat(since there is no room service) you don't feel much like walking 20 minutes or so in the heat. The food was ok. Not terrible but not great. The French restaurant was my favorite but some people in our party said that the Japanese restaurant was Fantastic. You MUST make reservations to be seated at least 24 hours in advance and the host or hostess will almost always have a problem finding your name. We had a problem being seated one night and we could clearly see in the door that there were about 10 open tables. Frustrated, we left because they were not at all willing to solve the problem. In fact, they just stopped talking to us all together. I have to mention that we had been extremely polite throughout our trip. Perhaps if we we more of a forthright type of people we would have received more help. Also, I have to add unfortunately that I became sick the day before we left with sever stomach cramps and loose bowels. My husband did as well as around 5 other members of our party. I didn't drink the water but did drink some ice. I have a feeling however it was the buffet food.The bars were somewhat fun. I had a good time watching the karaoke and dancing in the Fun Bar. The only beer is El Presidente which isn't bad. The liquor is on the cheaper side which i am not a fan of. Also, The music is usually in Spanish which is fun for a time but them gets redudant to those of us who don't speak Spanish.Overall, I would NOT advise people to stay at the Melia Caribe. I have been to close to 20 islands in the Caribbean and Hawaii and this was by far the worst. Some people in our party were having their first Island experience and were axtremely turned off and disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Nos928414
<Content>PLEASE Read before booking Melia Caribe Tropical Before I begin to detail our experience at the Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic let me first explain that this was the honeymoon my husband and I never had the opportunity to go on. This trip was ten years in the making and something we had worked, saved and planned for. To say the trip was a disappointment would be a gross understatement.  Our initial welcoming into the hotel was non existent, we got off the hotel shuttle as we watched our bags thrown on the sidewalk. After waiting several minutes for some kind of greeting, direction, explanation, and several attempts to speak to the bellhops we were pointed in the direction of the front desk and told to leave our belongings out front.  We approached the front desk which had no line just masses of people bunched around the counter. When we finally were able to get someone to respond to us we were told that our room was not ready and we would have to wait another 30 minutes. Check in time was 3:00, we were told this at approximately 3:15. We waited the 30 minutes and returned to a similar scene at the front desk. The woman working the desk completely ignored us for about 10 minutes before finally telling us she would check our room. We stood there for another 30-40 minutes while she repeatedly took other customers without ever checking on our room. At one point she took the information booklet she had given us earlier containing our towel passes and with our room number written on it and crossed out the room number and gave it to another customer in line. We finally were given a room after approximately an hour and a half, and more than a full hour after check in time. Although I understand things happen and rooms are not always ready on time, it was the complete lack of concern, apology, or even common courtesy that was very upsetting. The front desk acted as if we should be grateful we got a room at all.  Our next incident occurred when we went to retrieve our bags from out front, which were still sprawled on the sidewalk where they had been thrown. Obviously eager to finally get to the room, we asked the bellhop to please take them to our room. We were told they would be there in 2 hours! Not willing to wait that long, my husband had to carry them the considerable distance to our room since, we were told by several passing workers in golf carts that they could not give us a ride. We had hoped that this would be an end to the problems on our much-anticipated trip. It was not. The same unsatisfactory and many times down right rude customer service that greeted us on our arrival continued through out the trip. Dinner reservations were messed up, we were told we had none, until we physically had to point to our name on the list and show the 鈥渉ost鈥?where it was. Countless times we were out right ignored while trying to take advantage of the 鈥渁ll inclusive鈥?services. Simple requests like 鈥淢ay I have two beers?鈥?were answered with stares if at all.  Our room, which we had been so desperate to get into, was located directly above a room being renovated. Drills and saws are not part of what I consider a relaxing vacation. When we asked to be moved because of the disruption, we were told no. As a matter of fact the only thing the staff did seem ready to respond to any request was NO!  The one thing we did enjoy about this trip, a snorkeling tour, not affiliated with the Meli谩 Caribe Tropical, was even ruined by the hotel. We ordered a DVD of the experience to share with our family. The DVD was delivered to the hotel, which lost it. Again, we were met with the same poor attitude that was the norm on this trip, 鈥淥h well, it is not here, there is nothing we can do鈥?  Never in my life did I think I would be counting the days until my dream vacation was over. This trip was a nightmare from start to finish. I have never written a letter like this before, but I can not in good conscience let anyone else spend their hard earned money and wasted their all too precious time with loved ones experiencing the things my husband and I dealt with while at the Meli谩 Caribe Tropical.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>CoupleofFriends
<Content>Some Headaches This was our first time to Punta Canta and we traveled with two of our best friends, who are also married, we stayed (6) nights at the Melia Caribe Tropical. The property and landscaping is gorgeous and very well maintained, very spacious and the (restaurants, casino) are not within walking distance. The beach area was within walking distance from our room, which was nice because that was one of the main reasons we wanted to stay at the resort.The sleeping room was nice; however, the plumbing in the bathroom was horrible... the hotel was extremely stingy with bath towels and supplied no face cloths. The pools and beach area are beautiful. The food was very good; a large selection and variety of items for everyone's taste. We all ate at different restaurants each night, which wasn't a great idea because there was not a good selection for individuals that are vegetarians, so we went to the all-you-can-eat buffets instead most of the time...The atmosphere in the Caribe lobby and bar area was very casual . I was also surprised that most of the hotel staff does not speak English; even the simplest things (i.e., black coffee, diet soda) were difficult to communicate. Overall, we had a nice time but probably will not return anytime soon 鈥?We also had a time sharing tour, which took up about 2 hours of our time on Sunday, but it was well worth the time to also see the private area, which was breath, taking, but costly.Please, Please鈥on鈥檛 sign up for the 14 hour excursion tour of Santo Domingo 鈥?This tour will be a waste of your time and money鈥?br/>One of the best non-motorized events was the Segway tour鈥?If you never tried it before this would be a great time to learn鈥?.The tour through the wooded area of Punta Canta was breath taking and the tour along the beach was excellent鈥︹€?Don鈥檛 get tricked into purchasing a $20 video of the tour, because it took us a few days of constant complaints to receive our DVD鈥︹€?Last but not least, we had a disagreement with the front desk upon checkout in regards to rental/usage of the 鈥渟afe service鈥?in our rooms. Customer service was not the main focus especially given the fact that we paid thousands of dollars for the all inclusive package to be hassled for a $12.00 safe charge. Resulted in us filing a complaint with 鈥淕uest Services鈥?and ultimately having the charge removed from our bill.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>Adnuces
<Content>Fantastic Holiday       Flamingoes  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>boltonian8
<Content>cant wait to go back brilliant Sayed at the melia from the 5th june to 19th 2008 absolutely loved it. We stayed in block 34 right near to the pools and beach not to far from the turey restaurant for breakfast. The rooms are spacious linen and towels changed every day fridge stocked daily free. The rest of the restaurant are very good me and my husband tried the mexican chinese american the list is endless good service in all the best buffet is the market place. the entertainment was good or you can just sit [or lie] to many sofas and beds to choose from seen a few complaints about the size of the complex it is big but get your bearings and youll be fine the train and the golf carts run all the time and the staff even the gardeners are willing to help so no need to worry will definately go back cant wait.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>KingOFVegas
<Content>Food Average -Transportation Terrible-The Rest FANTASTIC Let me start by saying that the resot is huge. So big you need to take a trolly EVERYWERE unless you want to walk for miles everyday on vacation in tropical weather. I found this extremely anoying and time consuming. if you want to spend you're vacation waiting in lines for tains and waiting for tains this is the spot for you. I would not go back for this simple reason. If you are already boiked I highly recomed you tip the recepcionist $10.00 and ask for the room closest to the beach and pool area. The las thing you want to do is have to wait for the train to take you to the pool and bring you back when you want to shower and relax in you're room.Royal Service is for Royal fools. $70.00 per person/ per night unreal. I ate at every restuaurant I wanted never had a problem getting reservation + or - 30 minutes. If you pay this you have to be the biggest fish ever. The ROYAL building is at least 1-2 miles from the Beach. You do get cart service from anywere in the location but first you have to find one. Many times i flagged a cart down gave him $1.00 and took me anywere I wanted. This was the only advantage I saw to Royal Service. Moral of the storry DONT BE A ROYAL SUCKER!!!!. I went the weekend of memorial day and IT was empty maybe 10-20 in the beach at a Time. At times we were the only ones on the beach and in our section of the pool. There is two humoungus pools there is space for EVERYONE. Dont let them convince you the Royla Pool service is private it's simply not worth the price. The location is terrible Punta Cana is all about the beach you have to ride a cart to the beach. The restaurant are the same for everyone royla or non. The fun bars are the main entrance for everyone and one in the Casino with live sports. Food = Averagfe being form the U.S I used to very good food and service. Service was good and food ranged from Average to Good. Highly recomend the Jappanese tepanyaki restaurant and order the fried ice cream for desrt. WE ALL LOVED THIS MEAL. The buffets are no Vegas Buffets but they are good. The American grill was terrible the stake was like drowing in salt stay away. You are not allowed to bring food into the beach or to tkae out food to bring to you're room. This was really anoying I love late snaking and wayching movies. They have some ridicolusly expensive shops in the resort and across the street. There i a Cigar shiop in the stores that rolls its own cigars. Good cigars decent price highly recomended. Bars are anoying they serve really litte cup so you dont consume much. The people by the beach are too lazy to go get more drinks including myself. You have to wlak about 300 feet to get a drink you drink half of it on the way back. Tricl/Tip they serve water in huge foam cups. Give the bartender a couple of American Doolars and ask him to mae you drinks on that cup. Save the cups becuase they run out quick and bring them back to be refilled. This was a grat way to keep a cold drink in the ebach for a long period of time. Beach Area: FANTASTICCCCCCCCCCC I have been everywere the most beautiful clean beach I have seen in my life. ALMOST WORTH all the negative things that I experinced. I LOVE THE PUNTA CANA BEACH. I cant put this into word I loved evey second of this beach. It was almost deseted that weekend so I enjoyied it to the Max. The NIGHTLIFE was fantastic. They a had a nightly musical style show evvery night. It was a different show everynight and It was great. Our ritual was Dinner, Casino, Show, and then either go back to the casino and hang out at the Bar or do the discoteque till 2-4 AM. This was fantastic everyone did what they wanted there something for everyone. They had piano music i nthe lobby bar and disco music in the disco areas after the 10:30 pm show. Overall if it wasant for the anoying transportation this vacation was FANTASTIC.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	1	5	3	5	5	

<Author>SparklesNutley_NJ
<Content>Pros/Cons of Melia Caribe Tropical We just returned from 5 nights at the Melia Caribe Tropical. While the property is beautiful and well maintained, it is very spacious and the activities (pools, beach, restaurants, casino) are not within walking distance. We were told there was a train that could take us around the property; I envisioned the train in Disney World. It was more like a train from a kiddie park that travelled at 5 mph. It took 15-20 minutes to completely circle the property. If you upgrade to the Royal Service you will be driven around the property via golf carts -- I would highly recommend this option.The sleeping room was nice; however, the plumbing in the bathroom is horrible...also wash cloths are not provided and the hotel is extremely stingy with bath towels. The pools and beach are beautiful. The food was very good; a large selection and variety of items for everyone's taste. We only booked one 'ala carte' dinner and were disappointed in the portion size, so we went to the all-you-can-eat buffets instead. The atmosphere in the main dining room is very casual; no need to dress up for dinner. I was also surprised that most of the hotel staff does not speak English; even the simplest things (i.e., black coffee, diet soda) was difficult to communicate. Overall, we had a nice time and would go back -- but only by booking the Royal Service.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>spanky10954
<Content>Better then expected My wife and I, and our 5 children just returned form a wonderful week at the Melia Caribe. We did the royal service and definitely feel it was well worth the small price increase.Overall the resort was fantastic. The service was top notch. The pool for the royal service was one of the nicest I've ever seen (the other pools were just average). The ocean was beautiful.We tried all the restaurants and we were pleased with the food. I wouldn't give the restaurants 5 stars, but for an all inclusive resort the food was definitely plentiful, there was a large variety, and the quality was above average.The service we received was excellent. We have traveled rather extensively so we know about good service, and we found the staff at Melia Caribe to be some of the more friendly we've encountered.Our rooms ( we had 3) were very nice. We had some minor issues, but all in all, the rooms were tastefully decorated and very comfortable.All inclusive was great, and EVERYTHING was included. It was so nice to be able to eat and drink whatever you wanted, whenever you wanted.This trip was great and we would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>JAMark
<Content>The Melia is the place!!!!! If you are looking for a place that is great this is the place to be. My Husband and I and 42 of our friends and family stayed at the Melia Resort for 5 nites 6 days for our destination wedding. We were a little skeptical at first with the distant wedding planning. But baby the Dominicans know how to prepare a wedding. The first day we arrived we were greeted with such warmth and caring that we thought we were dreaming. The rooms are out of this world. The Royal Service is the way to go. Our Butler (Juan) kept us comfortable and wanting for nothing. The wedding planner(Evelyn) was awesome. We met her 24 hours before the wedding and we thought this is too late, she will never be able to pull all this together for the next day. Well Evelyn and the Grupos Staff were awesome the ceremony was so romantic and beautiful. Every request we made was followed through to the T.The reception was set up perfectly. The food was fresh and the cake was the best tasting wedding cake I have tasted in a long time. Besides the wedding event the Resort was huge and beautiful with lots of events happening and all night dancing in several places.The drinks were amazing and so was the food at the restaurants especially The Gabbi in Royal Service. The ATV excursion was great and worth the money. The weather was good and if it rained it lasted like 10 minutes. Whether you spend a day at the pool with the DJ playing music, the swim up bar making great drinks or a day at the beach you are going to have a ball. We did not want to leave. Keep up the good work Melia!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Huck145
<Content>Grounds were breathtaking but hospitality not so much My wife and I are in our early 20's and came on our honeymoon for the week of 6/29-7/4. We were blown away at first by the architecture and plant life at the resort but were abrutly brought back down to earth when it took us over an hour to check-in. There were 2 people working at the front desk and they looked to be in no hurry to help people out in a timely manner. This was not a good way to start off a trip. We found out the hard way by trying to walk to our room from the lobby that the resort is HUGE!!! The grounds were amazing though! We loved all the food. Surprisingly, the mexican restaurant was our favorite. The only other problem we had with the resort was the service/hospitality. The service in the restaurants was not that great, and the bartenders were not all that friendly, either. I guess the language barrier played a big factor in that. My advice would be to hone up on your spanish before you go. If we ever go back, we most certainly will.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	1	2	5	

<Author>bubble0802
<Content>Fantastic resort My Husband and I went to the Melia Caribe Tropical to get married in April 208. 24 people came with us and had an absolutley amazing time. Myself and my husband had been there before which was why we decided to go there. After reading some of the reviews we were getting quite worried, things can change so much in 4 years. However none of the bad reviews were justified. If you are going expecting the type of service you would received in a 5 star hotel in London then you will be disappointed but this is the carribean and the pace of life is somewhat slower. As long as you realise this nothing will be a problem.The hotel is very big and that was a worry for some people but the way it has been done it is perfect, you dont realise the size of the place as the buildings are only ground and first floor and are well spread out so not over bearing at all. The gardens are some of the best gardens we have seen through out the carribean and create some wonderful walks.There was a variety of people that came from 6 year olds to 60 year olds and from seasoned travellers to people going abroad for the first time and every one of them had the holiday of a lifetime. The hotel simply can not do enough to help you, and our wedding co-ordinator Emy Rose was outstanding. We had a few problems that had been created by our travel company but she went above and beyond the call of duty to sort it all out for us and made sure the day was a dream, nothing was too much or unimportant to her.The restaurants were a bit of a nightmare to book in the begining but only because we were trying to book as a group of 26, when we realised and split up into smaller groups we had not trouble at all. We also realised after a while that if you're prepared to eat a bit later you can usually turn up on the night and ask for a table (some people simply dont turn up for their reservation).The pools are wonderful and the beach is beautiful - what more could you want!The whole group enjoyed the holiday so much that they want to organise another trip as a reunion.I can not reccommend this hotel enough and suggest that you ignore all the bad reviews, if people cant find what they want in a hotel this size there is something seriously wrong.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bigrob240z
<Content>Breathtaking Hotel Resort We have just returned from the Melia Caribe Hotel, from 6/29/08-7/6/08 and this hotel is very highly recommended. This hotel has a beautiful lanscaping that is breathtaking.There were also beautiful peacocks walking loosely aroung the resort( more than 30), every morning and evening they would come to our area to eat. Room service and room decor and cleaningness was excellent. As to the resturants the food was above average, but it all depends on your palate. The Capri Restaurant was excellent and highly recommended. The pools were very large and clean. We stayed in the Tropical side of the hotel, we did not have the royal service and we were very happy with the treatment in the hotel. The waiters in the buffets were extremely nice and always pleasant with the customers. There are 3 buffets, 2 on the beach (1 in the Tropical and 1 in the Caribe Side) and 1 next to the Tropical Lobby. There are 8 restaurants, which you need to call every morning to make the reservations for the following day. We were able to make our reservations with no problems, and the Melia was fully booked during the week of our stay. Every night there is a show in the Caribe Lobby which is also recommended foer one to see. Every night is a differnt theme night. Also they have beach parties in the evening several times a week. In the Tropical Lobby they have every evening a Mini Disco for the Kids.There were 3 trains that go around the property, and the most we waited for a train was 5-7 mins. I recommeded the tropical side especially in the unit # 17. Its in a quiet location, walkway is in front of one of the train stops, and this building may be a little further from the beach, but it is closer to the resturants and lobby were the night life began. We walked every night to the restaurants which took us about 2 minutes to get there. The Melia has a nice white sandy beach, very clean, and very liitle seaweed. Beach area had many tiki hut umbrellas for whom did not want to get much sun and wanted to lay down in the shade, with the nice beach breeze..We were a party of 7 and plan to return next year.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>RainwaterAtlanta_GA
<Content>Fantasy Island! My husband and I just returned from a 5 night stay at Melia. We were celebrating our 10 year wedding anniversary, and had an amazing time! We had never been to the DR so we were really venturing out when we chose this destination. We were not dissappointed in any way! We chose the resort based on the reviews from this website. It seemed to have the least negative comments compared to some of the other all inclusive resorts that we were looking at. It turned out that we made a great choice! This place reminded me of the show Fantasy Island from the 80's! It was gorgeous!! If you are looking for a tropical paradise this is the place to go! There were lush gardens everywhere, small ponds with fish and flamingos and plenty of peacocks roaming the grounds! The building that had all of the restaurants and the many lounge areas and bars was beautiful! Especially at night when the lights were dimmed, the smell of insense everywhere, the many lounge beds and light music playing throughout the whole place! It was very romantic! We did not have Royal service, but as soon as we arrived we were treated as if we did. At first I thought they had confused us with Royal Service guests. We were taken to our room by one of the many golf carts, instead of having to wait on a train. We were also set up a dinner reservation for that night at the Japanese restaurant and again dinner the following 2 nights at the Italian and Thai restaurants. We never had a problem getting into any of the specialty restaurants. The food always had a very nice presentation in all of the beautiful restaurants. Everyone talks about the food not being very good, but I had to realize that this is not the American food that we are used to........it is just different. We as Americans are spoiled with the foods that we have! Overall we enjoyed most of the food that we ate. My favorite (closest to american food) was the Mexican, Italian and the Japanese. I did miss the dipping sauces that we get here in America at our local Japanese restaurants. We also did a couple of the excursions which was the snorkeling trip on the party boat where you also got to swim with nurse sharks and stingrays! That was a really cool adventure! We also did Parasailing on the beach, which was breathtaking! The beaches were so relaxing with a constant breeze blowing the whole time, we never once got hot on the beach! The pools at the resort were so nice and so spread out! There are so many chairs and lounge beds that you will always find a place to lay. If you are looking for a low keyed place to just take in the natural beauty of the beautiful beach and tropical surroundings this is truly the place to go!!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jen30
<Content>Royal Service, Royal Waste My husband and I just returned from the Melia Caribe. We stayed from June 27 to July 4. We opted for the Royal Service because it sounded fantastic, what a waste of money. First, the grounds were beautiful and the food was good. I researched the property for six months before our vacation so I knew what to expect. This resort is very family oriented. During our stay there were many obnoxious children in the Royal Service pool area. There were also many large groups of families. I wouldn't recommend the resort for couples. The Royal Service did not have any pluses at all. Our room was mediocre. It was very outdated. We had three bugs in our room. Anytime we went to the VIP area to ask questions the help was so busy talking to each other they didn't seem like they wanted to be bothered. We called the evening before our flight back to Ohio to arrange to have our luggage picked up but they told us to call in the morning. We called in the morning and they weren't open yet. Golf transportation can only be arranged every hour. My husband had to walk back from the golf course with his clubs because Royal Service doesn't pick you up. We didn't see any plus in Royal Service. We usually stay at Iberostar Lindo or the Grand and this place couldn't compare. It was a waiste of money. I would recommend this place only to families because they did have a nice children's area. This is not a quiet or romantic resort. If you are going on your first all inclusive you will most likely enjoy the resort but if you have been to an Iberostar property in the Mayan Riviera don't bother with this property.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	1	1	4	

<Author>nbasuperstar94
<Content>My Stay Im 14 years old, and just beacuse im young, dont think i dont know what im talking about!...ii went from june 28 to july 3.i stayed in d.r. at the melia caribe tropical. I dont know where to start!!...well, the place was so darn big, there was a train/trolley that took you from one side to the other! There are also many workers in golf carts that will drive u where u need to go...but i dont recommend this place for older people. I went with my sisters age 15 and 17, my uncle age 35, my grandmother in her 60's, and my great grandmother age 92...it was a hassle getting my great grandmother from one side to the other...she can somewhat walk, but not fully. She couldnt go on the trolley because of her wheelchair, and for her to get somewhere, someone had to either push her, or a golf cart had to take her. But, i highly recommend this place to any age!!! This place is action packed, and u wont wanna leave. There is a mall on the resort, but it's kind of wack...there is a baseball diamond, a very small basketball court, the beautiful beach, like 8 pools (2 with swim up bars), mad bars (on land lol), an arcade, a club, like 8 restaurants, and many many many more!...my advice to you is if you know good italian food, dont go to the italian resaturant. I highly highly highly recommend the dominican restaurant...we went there 2 nights in a row... When we first got to d.r., it seemed to me like the staff expected tips. But the staff is super cool! If you can, try to find a guy named danger... He is the best!........u will really enjoy it if you go here, and my family and i are plannning on going back!MY BIGGEST CON IS THAT ALMOST NONE OF THE STAFF MEMBERS SPEAK ENGLISH!...ITS ANNOYING!...ALSO, CHECK IN TAKES A SUPER LONG TIME!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>YC011
<Content>some good  My family  I stayed for 1 week as part of a large group(part business). Out of the 100 or so of us, some had problems w/ their rooms  others were ok.There are a few good points about this place.1) the beach  scenery is great, but of course this is not something the hotel made.2) Landscaping  grounds were neat  clean  lush.3) There is a lot of staff around to take care of things. Everywhere you turn there is someone in a uniform passing.4) most of the staff seems to be happy go lucky people(which cuts both ways when working)The not so great features are:1) some front desk  bartend staff have a habit of initially ignoring you when they see you coming up. Both my wife  I commented on this. They also have what I consider the worst habit of using their cell phones while working (both talking  text message)  you are right in front of them waiting.2) Our room was in the older part of the resort, which always smelled like there is a sewage leak somewhere. Our room was fairly clean  most things worked properly, but the quality of construction was lacking  the tub really needed to be replaced. a few people in our party did have leaks coming into their room from the toilet above them  had to be moved.3) Even though our room was right next to the pool closest to the front lobby area, we were told later on that we were not allowed to use it because it was for the Royal Service guests. This was not communicated to us before.4) when we asked if we could be moved to another room closer to the pools we could use (we had our 7 year w/ us) one front desk person told us he would move us but it would be a higher rate. he said the reason we got the room we have was because they were told to keep our group together. Later we find out this was completely untrue because our group was all spread out, even at the other end of the resort which they did not want. A different front desk person we talked to the next day (w/o knowledge of what we knew) was perfectly fine to move us w/o charge. This  other examples indicate the staff has a tendency to tell you whatever is convenient for them.5) The meals  drinks are all inclusive. But it seems they are more geared toward quantity rather than quality. The default meal is at the buffets,  it's actually not bad w/ a fair selection of different items, especially good if you have small children. The restaurant system make you jump through hoops to eat at the a la carte restaurants. Don't bother w/ them because you can find better  more authentic stuff at any American suburban strip mall restaurant. I am not a drinker but even I could tell it was cheap stuff (I grew up working in restaurants  tended bar in college).6) their system of diesel trolley  gas powered golf carts to get you around will get you there but there were so many carts  staff on mopeds zipping around that you were constantly in danger of being run over. It also made so much fumes that it ruins the fresh air you might have enjoyed.Overall I probably would not go back there again. If you are a big drinker  big eater  just want to lounge around the pool or beach it might be a good value. But it wasn鈥檛 for me.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Louis59
<Content>Good resort; hit or miss on rooms We had a generally good stay at the Sol Melia Caribe Resort. The public areas of the resort are beautiful and offer everything we wanted in a Caribbean resort. Nice pool, well manicured grounds, expansive lobby areas with ceiling fans gently moving the air, and a well kept, large beach all lived up to the promises made in brochures and on-line.Food at the resort was good, too. The restaurants seemed well operated and the food was good, but not great鈥ut where in the Caribbean is it truly 鈥済reat,鈥?anyway. The Market Grill 鈥?the buffet restaurant 鈥?served notably good food and had a super variety for breakfast and lunch. You鈥檒l end up there for dinner, too, unless you make your dinner reservations well in advance (days, if possible) at the specialty restaurants. Rooms and service are the areas where this resort needs some help.I was traveling as part of a group, and several members of my group complained that their rooms were run-down. While my room (2nd floor of building 22) was in good shape with attractive furnishings, operable fixtures and air conditioning, and everything in working order, that wasn鈥檛 the case in many of the rooms of our group. Many of my colleagues said that the air conditioning in their rooms could barely keep the room below 80 degrees. Three of the group members had problems with plumbing including leaky fixtures, drips from the bathroom ceiling, and other problems. One member of our group showed us how a part of the ceiling in her room literally fell-in during her first night there. While some of these problems are understandable given the climate and challenges they face there, the overarching problem is that the hotel staff and management refused to move these guests to acceptable guestrooms, and offered no compensation for the troubles. I have stayed at Melia-operated hotels in the past, and have not encountered management responses like those received by my colleagues at this resort.Service at the resort is OK, but not exceptional. Restaurant and bar staff were great and appreciated the tips we left after meals and drinks 鈥?and it sure did help speed out service! The concierge desk attendant (Marlys) was extremely helpful with our request for dinner reservations and transportation away from the resort one night. The only area with so-so service was the front desk, particularly at check-out鈥t was borderline rude, which leaves an impression as the last contact with the hotel staff, unfortunately.The resort is quite spread-out, but a handy tram runs every 10-15 minutes if you don鈥檛 care to walk from your room to the public areas and back to the beach.For a real treat, head to the beach in the early evening, turn right and walk about five minutes until you see the Jellyfish Bar just off to your right. This locally-owned gem is a rock and wood, freeform-looking creation with absolutely exceptional food and service. It鈥檚 a wonderful, short excursion away from the resort and you can interact with locals, guests at other resorts, and just have a laid-back meal while the breeze slices through the upper or lower level.All in all, Sol Melia Caribe is a resort I鈥檇 return to, but if my room weren鈥檛 perfect at the moment I arrived, I鈥檇 refuse it and insist on one in which everything works. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>charlo0521
<Content>Bumps along the way but enjoyed- Royal Service was key! There were some bumps along the way, but overall we enjoyed our stay 5/21-5/25. We are in our mid 30鈥檚 and went for our anniversary. We opted for Royal Service which I think was well worth it and made the difference in our experience. The place is exceptionally large and beautiful. I can't say enough about the grounds and first class atmosphere. However, the food and service was good to great depending and could use improvement. RS check in went smooth and they were very helpful since we missed our entire first day due to the airline. They upgraded us complimentary to a suite which was very nice. Be sure to tell the driver Royal Service so you get off on the second stop. The room was a bit musty at first, but nothing a travel candle couldn鈥檛 fix. Bottled water, Rum, and soft drinks were provided in the room. After a few attempts we stopped trying to call our butler and just called the RS number for things. Only once did we have a problem with dinner reservations; but we called after 2 and got in with no problem (thanks RS). The water and sand were spectacular. The RS beach had seaweed, but the bali beds and bar service were great. There weren鈥檛 any floats to use in the water. The water was clearer in the regular beach area. I did notice people reserving spots on the beach and by the pool, but that鈥檚 everywhere. We ate at the seafood, American, Dominican, and Gabi restaurants. I think the seafood restaurant was the best and the grill near the beach was awful. The best meals and service by far were at dinner. Lunch at Gabi was great, but the poolside snacks need some improvement. Breakfast at the Marketplace was great too, but service was sometimes lacking. Everyone was friendly, but sometimes the staff would totally ignore you without saying a word. Other times, you couldn鈥檛 even get your request out before they were trying to help. Also, the vacation salespeople were really a pain. A firm NO is the only way to deal with them. We enjoyed the nighttime entertainment; but it鈥檚 not exactly a night on the town if that鈥檚 what you鈥檙e looking for. Drinks/bars were great; although I did notice during the day they seemed to use the same slushy mix in several drinks as another poster complained. We didn鈥檛 mind the train; but with RS we rode mainly in the golf carts. We did the Stingray bay/Carnival festival excursion and highly recommend it. Having been back a month, I don鈥檛 think this place was as bad as others made it out to be. In fact, I think it has awesome potential. I would recommend only going Royal Service to make sure you get the better experience. I don鈥檛 think I鈥檇 return until the service and food improved from good to great to match its beauty. BTW- My husband got sick our last full day and had to see a doctor when we returned. He鈥檚 gotten sick from most of our trips to the Caribbean but this was the worst. Be sure to take the necessary precautions.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	4	4	5	3	5	

<Author>JBfromNJ
<Content>Very nice, but not quite there yet.... My wife and I just returned from our stay at the Melia from June 20-27, 2008. We were located in Royal Service bldg #51. Overall, we found this property to be very well maintained and as many have said before .... very large. Understanding English is sometimes a problem but you can easily get by and everyone is very friendly and willing to help.Our comments/advise are as follows:Airport in Punta Cana - open air and somewhat humid depending on the outside weather. $10/person required to be paid before entering the terminal and baggage claim. Taxi and shuttle providers each have a counter after you exit baggage claim to the right. Ride is about 20 minutes.Hotel - checked-in at 1:30pm and was told that we were upgraded but that the room would not be ready until 3:00pm. Luggage did not arrive until after 4:00pm. Had to make 3 calls to VIP Lounge before receiving it. Butler showed up once and offered an extension number to call if we needed anything. Called to have luggage picked up when we were checking out, but no one showed up. Beach - less than 10 minute walk from room with shuttle service available whenever requested. Beach is groomed each morning to remove seaweed but there is always some in the areas closest to the shore no matter where you go. Beautifully white and never hot. No issues for availability of covered huts or chairs. Vendors kept at the shoreline to limit the amount of selling.Food/Wine - our favorites were the French, Hibachi, and Gabi. Beef was very good in all restaurants. Most meals were unseasoned and average for an all-inclusive. Service is slow and not very well trained in all venues. Had to ask for knives, forks, and napkins. If you are a wine drinker beware: both red and white offered are horrible....but you can purchase others for 2-3x retail price. We bought a bottle at the Palma Real mall across the street, however, we were charged a $10 corkage fee by the resort. Bottled water is available everywhere.Recreation - for-fee motorized watersports offered by hotel. (Non-motorized are free). We went parasailing (2 for 20 mins for $99). Nice people and great service but took almost 2 hrs from the time that we were loaded onto a small boat to be transferred to the main one. Later in the week, we took a full day Santo Domingo tour (6:30am-8:30pm) that was an eye-opener. Much poverty outside the resort areas.One last comment. As these people do not make much money, please be kind and tip whenever possible. (One waiter told us that his wife and 2 children live 3 hours away and that he works 14 days at a time with 3 days off between 14 day shifts. )  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>donlyn1
<Content>Terrible service, inconsistent food, all-in-all a horrible experience If you are looking for excellent service, great food, and management that is responsive to your needs, this is not the place for you. I heard some good things about Punta Cana and my TA highly recommended this resort. The nightmare started at check-in, while we were kept waiting over an hour just to register. It went downhill from there. The service was extremely spotty; while some of the workers were wonderful, the hotel management was extremely rude and arrogant. Do not expect to get reservations in any restaurants unless you tip one of the workers to make one for you. The kicker when when my husband broke his foot on the property, and management did absolutely nothing to help us or make our stay easier. In fact, they made him walk close to a mile, with a broken toe, to Medical Services. The management never provided the ride they promised, and any worker in a golf cart he tried to flag down wouldn't give him a ride because he had a wrong color bracelet on. Meanwhile, this man is in excruciating pain. What kind of people are these?????The food was good at some meals, inedible at others. My daughter's room was infested with 100s of tiny ants. They were in the bed, in the bathroom, in her clothes, everywhere and the management gave us nothing but arguments when we wanted to move. Unless you are staying in the royal service expect nothing better than 2-star treatment; and even the royal service, while better, was inconsistent. Some rooms had bathrobes, others none. We did not get the daily newspaper, suite treats or turndown service promised. If you complain to management you get lip service--if you're lucky. Usually, you get an argument. To say the service was deplorable is an understatement.I am extremely sorry I listened to my TA's recommendation to book this resort and I am telling everyone I can to never, never travel to this resort. Please save your money!In case you are thinking I am being fussy, I spoke to 3 other American couples (One from Texas, one from Philadelphia, and another from NJ) who had the same complaints we had. While the surroundings were pretty and the spa was fabulous, none of none of us would ever, ever stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	5	1	1	3	

<Author>dfrishe
<Content>Highly Recommend My husband and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from June 11 鈥?16, and we will definitely be returning one day. Everything about the trip was absolutely perfect. To the reviewers who have had such negative things to say, all I can say is we must not have been staying at the same resort. Our room was large and beautiful, service was attentive, food was above par, and the grounds were gorgeous. We had a Royal Service Master Suite which was to die for. It had a kitchen, dining area, living room, balcony, 2 鈥?32鈥?tv鈥檚, large bedroom with king size bed, a Jacuzzi for two, and a large bathroom with awesome shower. The refrigerator was constantly stocked with sodas, water, and beer. Anything extra we wanted, like more rum or Diet Pepsi, all we had to do was ask. We took advantage of the complimentary room service most nights. The menu is a little limited but still delectable. Mostly sandwiches, pizzas, hamburgers and such. And honestly, after eating so much during the day we weren鈥檛 looking for room service to fill an empty stomach but rather satisfy a late night craving.The Royal Service area is phenomenal. The Gabi Restaurant was our favorite place to dine. The atmosphere and attention to detail cannot compare. The Gabi pool is large, with plenty of lounge chairs, palapas, and a snack bar. The Royal Service Beach was perfect. Plenty of lounge chairs, which seemed of nicer quality than the regular side and not crammed up against each other, lots of umbrellas, and a few palapas. The Royal Service beach bar was great with waiters who would bring your drinks to you. Neither the pool, restaurant nor beach on the Royal Service side were ever crowded. Aside from the Gabi, our favorite restaurant was El Guarapo, the Dominican Republic restaurant. We also ate at the Japanese and Capri (seafood) for dinner and the American for lunch and they were all enjoyable. We found that we preferred to keep to the Royal Service area because it was less crowded and the staff was even more attentive. It was a 30 second walk to the Gabi Restaurant from our villa, a 3 minute walk to the main lobby and a 5 minute walk to the beach. Many have complained about the resort being too large but I completely disagree. I prefer the spread-out design because you never felt crowded or like there were a ton of people there. And since we spent our entire vacation within the resort, it鈥檚 nice to feel like you have plenty of space to explore. Shuttles were always available if you didn鈥檛 want to walk. And the grounds did not smell like gasoline from the shuttle carts. The only bug we saw the entire time was one sand flea on the beach. I am prone to insect bites, especially mosquitoes and I came back without a single bite and never even opened the can of insect repellant. For those who complain about the language barrier, remember that you have chosen to visit a foreign country whose primary language is Spanish. It鈥檚 not reasonable to expect all of the employees to speak perfect English. Most of them do quite well and at least try. They also seemed to appreciate our attempt to speak Spanish as much as possible. I highly recommend the Melia Caribe and upgrading to Royal Service. For the additional cost you get nicer rooms, private areas that are not crowded, and a high level of attentiveness that you cannot put a price tag on.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jonnie
<Content>RCI Timeshare Exchange- Fabulous!!! My husband and I just returned from a fantastic stay at Melia. We exchanged a timeshare for a week in June and had a beautiful one-bedroom unit, full kitchen, jacuzzi and washer in the Royal Service area. We chose the all-inclusive package and so glad we did. EVERYONE is friendly, helpful, can't do enough for you. They made us feel very welcome and even encouraged our feeble attempts to communicate in Spanish. The food was great, we enjoyed The Capri restaurant but the open-air Gabi restaurant was our favorite- great atmophere and service. The grounds are like a beautiful preserve. It is a large resort but I walked the perimeter in a 1/2 hour each a.m. For those who enjoy the ride, there are golf carts, trains and horse drawn carriages. The pools are like lagoons and very clean. The landscaping just has to be seen! Beautiful! Security is out and about - 24 hours. The resort is only 20 min. from the airport, as well. We really enjoyed our stay and would love to return. I highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rpm13
<Content>Great Resort and Staff       Sunset  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MarylandTrvl4fun
<Content>3 room changes in 4 days!!!!       One of the visitors in our room  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>cesinesss
<Content>Would definetely recommend this Resort to my friends Oh man I wish I still there... The resort Melia Caribe Tropical was great, I loved mostly everything about it, the service was amazing, the bartenders were really nice, especially the ones at the pool, the beach was so beautiful, being a dominican from higuey which is about 40 minuted from Punta Cana, I knew exactly what to expect from the beach, lots of seaweed, which was cleaned up every morning, we found a good clean spot in the water and we didnt want to come out, the resort I must say has a very family oriented environment, it is not that great for couples, but our room was fantastic, the food variety wasnt that great but it wasnt terrible either, we had great japanese at one the A la Carte places, which were a hastle to get into we ended up making 2 reservations at some point because we thought we werent gonna be able to get in, I recommend you reserve on your first day for all the A la Carte because they are always booked.. Th elobby and the green areas were fabulous expectacular scenery, really tropical..The check in process can definetely use some help, it took almost 2 hours for our check in and the check out wasnt very pleasant either.. So far those were my only complaints, but everything else was great, Yes if I had to I would definetely stay again, but next time I am planning to go to Paradissus Palma Real which is their next door neighbor, we took a tour and were over impressed it was like nothing I've ever seen, cannot wait to go back I am having my wedding there next year.. I am Dominican I know my beaches and I have been to many resorts and I must say that Melia Caribe Tropical was fantastic.. At some points you have to remember it is not America, things are a little more difficult overthere and if you dont have royal expectations you will have a great time....  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	1	5	4	

<Author>MiamiFab5
<Content>Beware Dates visited Melia Caribe Tropical 6/19/08 until 6/27/08. On my urging my wife booked our trip through travelocity for the two of us and our three children and my brother who had his own room. Immediately upon our arrival to the resort the employees at the concierge desk were very eager to help us make dinner reservations for that night and in return we attend a 90 minute presentation of a sol melia vacation club.That night we ate at the Guarapo the Dominican restaurant which was very good as were all the restaurants the problem was getting a reservation. Dinner reservations are obtained by calling ext 6313 after 9 AM but by the time you get through at around 9:15 AM everthing was taken so you would need to call at 1:30 PM to see if there were any cancellations so instead of enjoying yourself at the beach or pool you needed to be worried about getting back to the room to call again. The problem with the reservations for dinner goes back to the sol melia vacation club as the employees use it as a way to get you to go in exchange for dinner reservations they get points ? for referring guests . We went to the presentation on the third day of our stay after becoming friendly with Guillermo one of the towel boys at the pool. The presentation actually took around three hours in which they took us to there other resorts which were beautiful but we did not wish to purchase the membership. My brother was actually confronted by the concierge who had originally had scheduled the presentation he is known as Erasmo.com he stopped my brother in the lobby and questioned him as to why we had gone to the presentation after he had made dinner reservations for us. My brother did not answer this employee but called guest relations and spoke to Maralys and told her what had happened and she was very apologetic and would look into it and sent a fruit platter and a bottle of rum to both of our rooms which was a nice gesture but not needed if the employees would just do there job. Speaking of empolyees who do there job well was Mario the bartender at the bar he was fantastic.There were many others who are very eager to please .Like I said before the restaurants Capri (seafood) , Guarapo (dominican) , Hokkaido (japanese) , Ma Maison (french) were excellent except that my daughter got sick the night after eating in the french restaurant (she threw up twice) . The Gondola (italian) was OK and the A/C was broken so it was warm in the restaurant . As far as our room was concerned the A/C was never cold enough the maid would turn off the electricity in the room after cleaning it so when we would come in from the beach/pool we would have to turn it on by turning the card around upon entering the room. I needed to spend 30 minutes every evening killing the mosquitoes , I also spent alot of time in the bathroom flushing the toilet as there was not alot of water pressure. I finally figured it out and found a kids sand bucket at the pool and would fill that with water and use it to flush .I actually thought about leaving after our third or fourth day there. We were so happy to have our bracelets for the resort cut off this morning after check out and to get home.There is no place like home.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	2	1	2	

<Author>unhappy101
<Content>Traveler Beware!!!!!! We traveled with another couple to celebrate their 40th wedding anniversary and upgraded to Junior Service, which we never received! Upon arrival we were dropped at the main entrance and never told to go the the proper check-in area, our suite door did not lock and someone walk into our room, we had daily problems with our bathroom that required maintance and gave us many sleepless nights, pillows and wash cloths had to be requested daily and the food was terrible. Talks wtih the manager didn't help. Golf was part of our package and the only tee times available were 12 noon or later.I would not recommend this resort to anyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!Our travel agent has been trying to resolve somes issues with the resort since Dec. 07 and has had no luck. Very poor client service!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>SafetyBlitz
<Content>Overall, a good experience My wife and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical with our teenage daughter from June 13, 2008 until June 20th. Our room was located on the pool which is a highly recommended location. The pools (2) are large and very nice, with a swim up bars. An easy walk to the beautiful beach and steps from the buffet that is primarily used for breakfast and lunch. The beach is very beautiful and water was warm and calm. White powder sand.Dinners are generally back at the main lobby which is a train ride away. Perhaps a 10 minute ride (or 15 minute walk). Trains run often during peak periods (dinner) but less frequently otherwise. Lots of choices for dinner, but the reservation process can be frustrating. We always got a reservation but not always at the times we wanted. As we were traveling with friends, there were 7 of us. The food was okay and certainly passable. But come on... it is not New York or Paris afterall. The room we were in could have used some updating, but as I said earlier, the location was prime.One oddity was that the electric would black out at random times throughout the day. Not usually for long periods but still odd, especially if you are in the middle of something when this happens. I would caution you about mosquitos. Not a problem during the day at the beach or pools but when we were at the lobby bars before or after dinner, which are open air, they were present. Bring some spray with you if this is a concern for you. Two members of our traveling group were 18 year olds and they would give the facility two thumbs up. They met other teens at the pool and beach and had a great time hanging out. and dancing at the disco, etc. I do not think they would have connected as readily at some of the higher end resorts. We played golf at the Cocotal track which is a short bus ride from the lobby. The course was in good shape, fun and perfectly adequate for a resort. Also the price was reasonable: $35 with vouchers from the hotel (+$47 for Taylor rentals if you do not bring your own clubs).Overall, the trip was a good experience and if you are relaxed and looking to be even more so, the Melia works.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>PSMom12
<Content>Great Time! We went to the DR May 31-June 7th. It was a party of 12; 3 families of four. We got the Royal Service deal and we loved it. The private checkin..they gave us Presidentes while we waited...the rooms were centrally located with the restaurants, ect. The property was only at 50% when we arrived so that was nice. The Royal Service pool was nice...restaurant and the Gabi pool food was awesome...try the chicken! It rocked! Regarding the restaurants, don't waste your time w/the Japanese one. Benihana at home gives a better performance and the food was so-so. The Thai restaurant was great and so was the Gabi restaurant  American Grill. Dominican one and Mexican one was good too. The kids (6 total in our group) enjoyed the Kids Club. They did most of the extra stuff and we didn't mind the extra $$ for some peace and quiet. They loved going to the FunPub at night and dance w/the Kids Club staff.The beach was awesome too! We mostly hung out at the Royal Service section of the beach..laid in beds to get out of the sun for a bit....and still close to the beach buffet restaurant. I would recommend this property was a whole. Yes, it's pretty big but the variety of things to do, eat, ect outweigh any negative.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Oday4
<Content>Love It!!! June 12 - 17th. Not nearly long enough! On our day of departure, we tried to change our return tickets, but Spirit wanted over $1,000. Decided just to bite the bullet and come home.The resort was absolutley beautiful. It beat Beaches Turks  Caicos by a mile. The only other resort that comes close to it is Atlantis, and if it weren't for the fact that Atlantis has those gorgeous aquariums, the Melia Caribe would beat it, too.Forget about the Royal Service. Family of four would be looking at an additional $240.00 per day. Royal Service rooms are WAY in the back of the resort. Not close to beach, good pools or restaurants. The only plus to Royal Service would be the top shelf alcohol. As far as we were concerned, their brand of rum and vodka were almost as good as the other stuff anyway.As far as people complaining that the resort is too big and they had to walk alot.....phooey! If we missed one of their little trains, we always had someone in a little golf cart stop and pick us up. Not that they needed to, but they always offered. Some people believe that since they are visiting an all-inclusive, they should not be expected to offer a tip. Those are the ones who complain that their drinks are never filled quickly enough or that they had to walk alot. You would be amazed at what a couple of dollars gets you, especially when you are dealing with people who, on average, are making .65 cents an hour.We took the Bavaro bus tour up to the mountains. Pass on that one. Twenty people crammed a-- to elbow on a small bus with no a/c, traveling down long bumpy roads. Mountain scenery was breathtaking, but there has to be an easier way to see it. One of the tours offers a zip-line through the mountain. That would have been awesome. We took the Catamaran to Sting Ray Bay and that was great. They take you out to snorkel first. Although the water does not compare with Turks ( or any other Caribean island), it was pretty nice and we saw alot of fish. Next stop is Sting Ray bay...really neat, and then you swim with the sharks. Very cool. Then they open the bar on the boat and dance you to death. Highly recommend that one. People told us to skip the Dolphin swim, as they are not exactly Sea World and the dolphins either die or are put down after six months or so, because they are not kept very well in the captivity provided them. Most of the restaurants are okay. Resort food. The exeption being the Hacienda. If you like Mexican food...you'll love this place. They have an entire bar full of appetizers that you help yourself to. Fresh nachos, guacamole, salsa, etc.. You barely have room to finish your entree. The Japanese is pretty good too.The casino was okay as far as size. Doesn't open till 8pm. Definitely not Vegas. Don't know whether it's the shuffling or what, but if you are a black jack player, a REAL blackjack player, it's hard to lose. Walked out with lots of cash each and every time we played.In summary, great place. LOVE IT, LOVE IT,LOVE IT!! Oh Ya, if you go, find the pool bar with Mateo working and tell him that Donna and Antonio said Hello! He's the best!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jen151438
<Content>Perfection!       Professional Pics  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>mochamommy
<Content>Great 4 family of five We visited Melia with our 3 kids (16, 9  5) and our friends and their 2 kids (11  7), after having stayed at Paradisus Punta Cana with just us two couples the year before. We got family jr. suites , which are right by the beach and pool. You cannot go wrong if you end up in buildings 1-3. We were supposed to have buckets and pails waiting in the room as a welcome gift for the kids as part of the family suite booking, but neither our kids or our friends got them after a few calls and promises that they would be sent. There was also a scheduled kid gift/activity scheduled in the children's area that we showed up for, but no one was there. While I never use childcare, our kids did get to sit in on a magic show they had, and I did see the caregivers taking the kids all around the property for lunch, feeding the peacocks, swimming etal. My age ranges were pretty well engaged with the things offered on property as well, but be forewarned you will have to pay for some of the key activities they will want to do. The sky ropes course will cost you 10 bucks American, the Euro Bungy another 6 bucks, figure another 6 bucks for the climbing wall, and there is a huge 2 story slide on the beach that will run you 2 bucks for 3 slides, and they will also take the kids horseback riding for 10 bucks. All those extras initially rubbed me the wrong way since I thought EVERYTHING should've been included in a family ALL inclusive, but what are ya gonna do? Just be ready to pony up at least 32 to 50 bucks per kid if you plan to let them do it all - and they will want to! The only included activities they did were the pedal boats and canoes, which were fun and easy to book. Although there were volleyball nets, they wanted my friend to pay for a ball! I must interject here that Paradisus was superior in this area, as they offered everything from the balls to organizing the games, to basketballs, playing cards, books, etc. You also get free horseback riding, scuba lesson and one free scuba dive there along with all your nonmotorized watersports. We just couldn't go there with our family of five like we could at Melia, or else we would have returned or tried Palma Real, their higher end property located right next to Melia. Paradisus has all of its restaurants near the beach, whereas Melia's restaurants are all back at the lobby a good walk away. The trains were regular, but the walk wasn't bad to me. The food quality, variety and quantity was much better at the Paradisus. The buffet at Paradisus had a better selection and was partially indoors so you didn't have the invasion of flies like you had at Melia's outdoor restaurant by the beach. Also, at Paradisus my hungry man was able to order two entrees for dinner, which they would not allow at Melia. And good luck on getting your dinner reservations at Melia. The property was barely half full when we were there, but it was a lot of work to get into a restaurant you wanted versus what they had left by just 9:30 am. Maybe those in Royal service didn't have this problem, because they have someone make their reservation and get first dibs, but those rooms are also FAR away from the beach. Remember, the family suites are the BEST - close to beach, spa/gym and pool).As for the nightly shows, take your kids to the Flintstones show and disco they have, but you may not want to take them to the adult shows. They were a bit racy in spots. We brought along a grandma who kept the kids while we went out to the shows and dancing- they have live music in the lobbies and beds you can lay in and tables to sit at. Oh, speaking of racy shows, also be aware that women go topless on the beach, and a few around the pool. At most, however, this drew a put those things away, there are children here! from my 11 year old godson - hilarious! Should you leave the kids in- room at night, there are English children's channels and playstation ( I think you have to rent these games, but if you bring your own, and your own controllers, you may not have to bother to pay the resort yet another extra).To sum up, the food was so-so, much better at Paradisus. It is a place where a family of five can stay in one room, which is hard to find, and there is a good amount for younger and older kids to do (although the teen nightclub was always empty). Nevertheless, I would recommend Paradisus Punta Cana over Melia if you don't need room for five. No matter what you choose, you absolutely canNOT go wrong with the BEAUTIFUL beach.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>StrategicPartners
<Content>One Time Only and Not Again.... The Room...Late check in, only one person at the Front Desk. Room requested was not ready. Gave us another room. The room was dirty and had roaches. Maintenance showed up late afternoon to spray the room. We were always short of towels and one day the housekeeper forgot the toilet tissue too, so we had to call for service. Housekeepers do not vaccumm the rooms, they just sweep and mop. There was hair every where. One day they forgot to turn the room, so we had to call for service again. Each housekeeper carries 16 rooms per day...The Spa...The steam room was out of service, the sauna did not work and the jacuzzi was cold and dirty. The attendant answer was we are waiting for parts to complete repairs. We had to go Barcelo Palace Resort next door for Spa Services and for half of the price...The Restaurants...Dinner Reservations are very limited and you will be lucky if someone answers the phone after 9AM every day. The food overall is good but not great. If you do not get a dinner reservation, then you will end up eating at the Market Place Buffet, and good luck again...The Golf...Very expensive for the quality of service and condition of the course. Do not even try the practice range, the balls are so hard and heavy that my #5 club broke on impact during practice. I brought my son's and mine clubs in one bag; but the attendant tried to force me to rent another bag so the ranger would not get upset...all they want is your money. The Golf Shop was selling 3 balls for US$16.00. I came fully prepared to have a good time with my son; but it was hell in paradise, employees had no sense of customer service whatsoever, all they wanted was to sell us more and more poor services. I got upset and left the course; but fully refunded...The entire resort personnel is in Vacation Packages Sales and you feel under constant pressure during your stay. The Sales Personnel also enjoy the breakfast buffet with the resort guests and they not even say good morning to you; But they want your money big time. Be careful....Very Poor Management.This experience was a ONE TIME ONLY and NOT AGAIN.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	2	

<Author>SandLFortWorth
<Content>Don't Believe the Bad Ones We just returned from the Melia Caribe last night. It was an awesome place. I was very surprised after all the reviews that I read before going. We never had ANY problems with timeshare people bothering us or anyone else. We spent 5 days there June 12th-16th for my brother-in-laws wedding. It was a beautiful wedding in the gazebo. Everyone who worked there was very helpful and attentive to our needs and theirs for a perfect wedding! The grounds were beautiful as everyone has said before. It is a very large place but you can walk from one end to the other without that much effort. The trains ran constantly so getting around was not a problem at all. Dinners: Everywhere we ate was awesome--La Mansion(french) was where the wedding dinner was and the food wasexcellent. The beef fillet was what we had and it was great! The Japanese resturant was the BEST--best fried rice ever! I would recommend the shrimp here! At the Capri I had the King Salamon and it was excellent! The buffets were great for breakfast and lunch. Pools: We were in building 33 and it was very close to the pool and beach. The beach did have seaweed on it in the evenings but they cleaned it at night and in the mornings it was beautiful. The sand was so soft and fine! Activities: The zip line, bungy jumping, ropes course was only available from 3-4:30 for adults and 10:30-12:30 for kids. It cost an additional $16 to do all of it! It looked like lots of fun! The golf was a small problem--our tee time has at 9 a.m. and no one showed up to pick us up--finally after an hour someone did show up. It was a nice course but lots of extras charged. It was $82.00 to play free golf (money for clubs, cart, and bag fees--you have to pay these!!)The only negative comment about the Melia is that the electricity went off often. The first night we ate dinner by candlelight which was fine but there were no nights anywhere when trying to get back to your room (other than candles). The casino was closed and no shows because of electricity outage. We did see the La Cirque show and it was excellent!!! The casino was lots of fun too but it kept all of our money!! HA!!Overall we had a great time! We had 9 people in our party and I would recommend if you are traveling with a big group to carry 2 way radios to contact each other. There weren't phones in the lobbys to call each other. Have a great time if you are going to the Melia and don't believe all the negative reviews! It was a blast!!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dayz3
<Content>Loved Every Minute!       Another perfect day!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>652580
<Content>Has its good points.... Stayed here but not on Royal Service!Only 20 mins from airport which was great.Check in did take a little while (30 mins) but due to all of us arriving at the same time and only 3 check in staff!Grounds are extensive however there is a trolley that takes you all around with frequent stops and we never had to wait more than 5 minutes!Our room was located near the pool which was great.The rooms are nothing special but clean and funcionable!The staff we found to be very polite and eagre to please however as other people have said their VACATION CLUB reps can become a nuisance...a very fim but polite NO put them in their place and in the end I did have to say I dont want to disrepect you but please leave me alone!!The food we found to be of OK quality in the buffets with a very wide selection however the restaurants had very limited choices on the menus but it was nice to have the variation.We had no problems booking any of the restaurants but we booked the day before we wanted them...just a tip!Excursions were very limited for us as we have an 18 month old.They took all day and it was not an option for us.The kids club i cannot comment on as our child did not go....the ones that were there seemed to be having a good time....however from my initial view of the care and attention of the leaders I would not have felt comfortable leaving my child in their care...thats just a personal view though.The roayel service side looked excellent and we wished we could have afforded it!!Snacks after 11pm are non existant and VERY EXPENSIVE at the gift shop.....bring your own!!The grounds and lobbies and bars were spotless and the staff were attentive however on an all inclusive reort we found 2 weeks too much.....10 days would be better!!!Check out is 12 noon however for $75 you can keep your room until 4 pm.....for $45 you can keep it until 3pm!! Exchange rates vary every hour!! Carry both dollars and pestos!!All in all we enjoyed it....glad we went there...would we go back??......with another couple and it would have to be Royal Service!!!Woulnt rush back but had a good time!!We almost cancelled because of the negative reviews about food and the sheer size of place......glad we did not as the size is not a big issue but dont expect gormet food!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>Lena13
<Content>Have NOT Received Agreed to Compensation for Overbooking $1071 For our February 17th, 2008 trip. Checked before flight that our requested rooms were available. Signed in. Paid. Then told we had to be housed off the all-inculsive grounds. Overbooked. Gave preference to large tour operators.They called it an upgrade. We called it being bumped. They agreed, and signed a form, that we were to be compensated for the inconvenience. Despite four months of pleasant emails and telephone conversations promising our compensation, we have not received it. We have dealings with Reception Supervisor Mr. Edgardo Vasquez, General Satisfaction Assurance Coordinator Amauris Omar Luciano who sent us a letter from the General Director Mr. Manfred Schobel. And lastly, Mr. Vasguez sent a copy of an email to a Mrs. Perkins who is supposed to take care of sending out the $1071US compensation  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kahpooh
<Content>Fantastic I don't even know where to begin, but the hotel is great. We stayed from 6/1 through 6/8 in the RS section. I can't think of a single negative comment other than to say that it would be even more perfect if (like other Sol Melia Resorts) that Royal Service was adults only. The resort was not crowded the week we were there. Our hotel room was the first hotel room in the Caribbean/Mexico that did not smell musty - as Excellence in both Punta Cana and Puerto Moreles did.The grounds are beautiful, lush and well-maintained. The property is so large, we never even saw every pool or restaurant. The food is great. The only problem we had was the air conditioning in Capri went out one evening and the restaurant was very, very hot - as windows could not be opened. My husband gained 6 pounds. Gabi was fantastic, the drinks were great.But most important were the people - what warm, happy people. They could not do enough for you. I would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bahamamama978
<Content>Minor Trouble in Paradise!       The Market Place  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>harmonelectra575
<Content>Loved the Royal Service! I stayed at the resort for a week in May 2008 in a Junior Deluxe Royal Service Room. The beach was gorgeous, and the water was the perfect temperature. I highly recommend Royal Service because you get a private section of the beach complete with guards, a bar, more comfortable beach lounges, a runner to get drinks, as well as more shade coverage. Also, Royal Service includes the Gabi restaurant, which had the best service at the resort by far. Every one of the waiters and waitresses as well as the cooks at the Gabi were EXCEPTIONAL. Everyone at Gabi was extremely helpful and very friendly. The Royal Service pool next to the Gabi Restaurant was beautiful and extremely clean. The entire resort was very clean and well kept. The resort has many restaurant options, including buffets (which were very good) as well as themed restaurants such as Cuban, Dominican, Mexican, Japanese, French, Italian, and International.I highly recommend this resort - - - get Royal Service!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>afic2tree
<Content>Nice Place, Skip the Food We just stayed at Melia Caribe for our honeymoon. The resort was gorgeous! Marble floors throughout the lobby. Very friendly staff! Watch out, because they will all try to get you to take an invitation to meet with them at a later time for a information session about becoming a member. They will not leave you alone all week. Besides that, the staff was great! We had a Royal Service suite. I haven't been there in a regular room, but I am guessing that it was worth it having the Royal Service. Our room was a small apartment, with a huge bed, a private porch, two plasma tv's, a living room, a kitchen (full), and jacuzzi and a beautiful bathroom. The whole apartment has marble floors. The maids come to the room twice a day (never at times when we were in the room). The come once in the morning to clean and make up the bed. They come again while we are gone for dinner to turn down the bed. Outstanding! The beach a about a 10 minute walk from our room. We had the option to either walk, or flag down one of many golf carts driven by service staff to take you to the beach. They also have a 'train' that constantly goes around the resort that you can take.The beach has a section that is private to Royal Service guests. It is quiet. There are cocktail servers that come around to you at the beach, or you can walk up to the bar on the beach yourself. Oh, by the way, be prepared to see many women topless on the beach.There is also a private pool area for Royal Service members. We did not like this one as much as the other pools, because it was too quiet with not enough going on. The upside of the private pool is there is a complimentary snack bar.Now, the negative. FOOD! If you are thinking about purchasing All-Inclusive.....don't! The breakfast and lunch buffets were equivalent to a college cafeteria buffet. There are just a few Dominican food items available, and they aren't very good. At breakfast, the rest is just regular breakfast food. At lunch, there is a decent variety of items, but again, it is the quality of a cheap buffet. Very disappointing! If you want some juice with your breakfast, they have a great selection, but it is not kept cold, so enjoy a warm glass of OJ! At the Gabi Club (Royal Service pool area) you can get comp. food at the snack bar. I would be wary of the hamburgers. They cook them ahead of time and keep them in a pan filled with hot water until ordered! Disgusting!Dinners.....oh boy.......There are 8 or 9 different restaurants on the resort, all with a different theme; American, Dominican, Thai, Japanese (teppanyaki), Mexican, Italian, French and so on. Don't get excited! I would equate this food to a frozen dinner at best! Even the Dominican restaurant was bad! I was excited to go there so I could have some real Dominican food, but not so much. Even American food....how can you mess that up? I was unsure whether I wanted Salmon or a regular Cheeseburger, so I got both. The salmon smelled and tasted sooooo fishy! I could not take more than one bite for fear of getting sick. So I turned to the burger. I think that this burger was cooked the same way as the one at the Gabi Club. Nasty!Oh, and you need to have reservations for each restaurant. Why, I dont know because the restaurants were more than half empty each night at 7:30 when we went in. What happens if you get there early, you ask? Sorry, your reservation is not until 7:30. With all of the empty tables, they will not let you sit early. And when you do get sat, the restaurant service is not so great. Eventually someone will fill your water, and then someone else will come up and take your order. Of the week we were there, twice they got our order wrong. The last night of our stay, we decided to go eat at Hard Rock Cafe instead because we couldn't stand it anymore! The hard Rock is in a mall on the resort grounds, along with Tony Romas, a Sushi place and a Pizza place....so there are options nearby if you don't wanna eat the nasty food at the resort.Great place, bad food! It is worth it as long as you dont get excited about the food!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>matatthem
<Content>Bitter Sweet I visited this resort for a wedding in May 2008. It was great; with clean, beautiful beaches and pools. The drinks could've been a little stronger, but to each his own. Many restaurants to choose from and plenty of activities. My disappointment came when I returned home and found out my bank account had been overdrawn over $1000 to various gas stations in Texas (I live in Indiana). Ok, so maybe a tourist, like myself, got the best of me until it was brought to our attention that at total of 8 people from our group were also victims of fraud. The only thing we all had in common in using our cards was the resort itself. Most horrible, I never used my card at the resort, however, they did have my information on file when I booked my stay. I thought it was odd that I wasn't asked for a card for incidentals - they already had it. And, so did other people, apparently. Also, the only time the cards were used were at the resort only - we mostly used cash for the duration of our trip. Be careful!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>gr8tdoxiemom
<Content>This place is Awesome!!!       my pretty drink made by Geraldo at the royal service bar  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nordeming
<Content>My Third Time = no fluke Three Melias on one campus: Paradisias Palma Real ($$$$$), Melia($$$), and Melia Tropical($$$). Stayed at them all 2 weeks each, w/in one year (wife lives there). In brief, Paradisus is same with more beauty, newer, and more cost. Melia and Tropical are interchangeable, same staff, interchangeable lobbys. The Good: awesome room air conditioners!, very nice furnishings, pool, pool bar, beach. The Select, Correct or Regret: the buffet areas are between poor and awesome. The buffet close to the Melia Lobby is all to order and super! The buffets near the beach are poor at best and deal with volume not quality. The Bad: Restaurants freq. have mysterious air conditioner failures? The hotel design is to group rooms in more or less 12 rooms w/ a common tiled entry area....but the maids and security use this area to talk, scream, and basically socialize away from the eye of their supervisors......this area resonates the slightest noise into each room with volume. we could never sleep past 8:30am Ever! It is a very loud morning hotel! If that matters to you. Also, our group had several attractive women and the staff (which had way too many guys standing around) stared, whistled, and made high school like sexual facial expressions. A Beautiful hotel that poorly manages it's oversexed, underworked excessive personnel. Your call.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	2	2	2	

<Author>returning
<Content>Highly Recommend On our first trip to the DR we stayed at the Barcelo Beach resort and wandered into the Sol Melia Resort. We were impressed with the luxury of the rooms and the lush landscaping to book our second trip there. The white sand beach, warm turquoise water, and gentle waving palms are enough to calm anyone. The reef keeps the waves low.The grounds are lush and well kept. The restaurants and food choices are AMAZING! Call early for your reservations. It is easier to get early reservations and you often can get in without one if you show up early enough, smile and ask nicely ! The steak at the American grill was incredible. We did not try the Dominican (insence was too strong) or the japanese. The rest were great.The rooms were large and well cleaned (on Dominican time!) Get one on the top floor in case of sewer or water problems that may cause flooding. Good choice of TV channels for people like us who turn in early. A bidet and toilet in the bathroom - handy if you need both at once - too many drinks in the hot sun ! lolWe are golfers and although we enjoyed the course - there is only one bathroom on 27 holes so beware. It was great to store our clubs at the club house - take your own drinks for theday - they arent provided. The only complaints we had are - this is a time share so you get asked every morning to come to the presentation. The reps get $15 for you to show up and go through the speal. We didnt go and just gave the rep the money because we came to like him while we were there. He really appreciated it. The other complaint is not one that can be changed - only one building (#26) is near the ocean - so no ocean views or sounds at night. Also, be prepared to do alot of walking on the uneven flat rock roads that spread through the resort or wait for the trains to pick you up and carry you around. On most evenings a horse drawn carriage can be employed to take you home. The lobby has beautiful marble bathrooms and floors. The staff helpful and a courtesy shower available near the front lobby on check out day. Your luggage is well gaurded while you wait to go home.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>chavman34
<Content>Beautiful This trip was a graduation present for our daugher and a last trip before she went away to college as a family. I was concerned where I was taking my family and did some research before we left. I was put at ease when we arrived at the resort. It is very laid back. The people all say HOLA and smile! The hotel has beautiful landscaping and the rooms were nice. We only had one visitor on the first day and not to many bugs were out during the day. At night by the water you might bring some bug spray for mosquitos. There wasn't to many but when they found me I had a few bumps. The food was very good. The Dominican resturaunt is a must when you go to visit. Also make sure you tip everyone. You will be treated extra special. And they definitely deserve it. Befriend a bartender and a concierge and your trip will be the most relaxing and stress free. We loved ours!!!! Mateo and Guille R. ;-) The spa was very nice, we did massages and manicures/pedicures. They are priced the same for the US. My husband said the golfing was nice. There was an extra charge not only for the cart but for the clubs as well. So if you like going to the driving range, they will give you 100 balls and a driver for $12. Always take cash. Don't bring credit cards to use, because they will charge an extra 16 to 20 percent to your purchases. The night shows were entertaining. Every night there is something different . They all started at 10pm and then immediately after, there is dancing. They involve the crowds and it was a blast. Over all, we had an excellent time and recommend it to family's and couples.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MELISSA29
<Content>Exceeded Expectations!!!! Absoloute Paradise!       Grounds photographer took (Hector)  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DT5600
<Content>Awesome Resort This is an amazing resort. The grounds and beach are outstanding. The food is not completely the best, but it is an all inclusive and in a country that is improving. This was our third visit to this resort and the food has gotten better each time we have been there. All of the Ala Carte resturants were wonderful. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>akbecker
<Content>Average All Inclusive We just returned from our stay with Melia Caribe Tropical (05/24/08 through 06/01/2008).Upon arrival we checked in on the Tropical side. The overall process was a little slow and we had to remind the representative to give us our all inclusive bracelet. Not a big deal but did leave us with a questionable first impression.If interested, The hotel has representatives at every location ready to speak with you about time share opportunities. We managed to avoid the small talk with a simple but stern No Thank YouThe grounds are beautiful; lush tropical plants, flamingos and peacocks just to name a food. The only downside is the side is the size of the grounds. Bring comfortable shoes as you have to walk everywhere or wait 15 - 20 minutes for the trolley to take you around. The restaurants we chose for dinner did not disappoint. We visited the Mexican, American, Japanese and Mediterranean. The breakfast buffett offered daily by the beach was your typical buffet. The menu stayed the same each day.The bartenders at the resort were friendly and attentive. The selection of alcohol available was mostly well brands with a few select name brands to chose from. Was a little boring to not have more optionsThe beach is nice but had a lot of grass from the sea on the beach and in the water during our stay.Overall, this is a value all inclusive resort and we received what we expected for the price paid.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>weegl
<Content>Great family stay My family (wife, son - 10, daughter - 8) along with 2 other families had a wonderful 7 night stay at this resort. We stayed in the Royal Service section and enjoyed this upgraded part of the complex. We enjoyed the food and ate at several of the reservation restaurants...the Japanese, Italian and Seafood were our favorites. We very much enjoyed the Gabi Restaurant as part of the Royal Service area. We ate all of our breakfasts and many lunches there. And dinner at the Gabi might have featured the most varied menu and best service.Accomodations were outstanding and truly 5 star. We had a one bedroom master suite connecting to a one bedroom suite in building 51.Service was adequate overall, if not a bit uneven. Sometimes it was outstanding, while other times you weren't sure the staff knew you were there. I did see many pushy guests and it was clear that they were not going to get anything extra from the staff by giving off attitude. My recommendation is to carry a pocketful of $1 bills and distribute them liberally...it will help...be a bit patient and smile alot. I'm certain that if I spoke Spanish, just a bit, it would also improve things dramatically. Much of the staff does not speak English at all, so do not expect communication to always go perfectly.While never leaving the resort complex, we found many activities to enjoy. This included: parasailing, snorkling, zipline and bungy jumping (for the kids), golf, and of course, laying by the ocean or a pool for some much needed relaxation.Again, for the price it was a simply wonderful experience and one we may very well do again in the future.A few other observations/tidbits:1. Big resort, but nothing ever longer than a 10 minute walk. I recommend upon arrival that you do a little exploring to get a feel for the place and determine the best routes to certain places. There are shortcuts that make it easier to get around.2. Dominican Airport Transfers was great and $80 round trip got all 4 of us to the resort and back to the airport.3. Beach features great sand and the water is quite nice. Security keeps the local vendors to a minimum, but the resort's own can be a little pushy at times (timeshare and water sports).4. Never had a problems getting chairs at the beach or pool. We like full sun though. If you want shade, an umbrella or a palapa it may prove to be more difficult.5. Gym facilities okay, nothing to write home about. Steam rooms appeared to be permanently out of service.6. I would not come here if I was on a singles trip or couples only type of vacation. Place seemed much better suited for families and they were abundant.If you go, relax and have fun. Its really hard not to like this place  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>torgersent
<Content>Very Nice Resort I only stayed at the resort a few days so I did not get a chance to see all of the grounds or eat in all of the restaurants. From what I did see the place was beautiful and very well maintained. I did have Royal Service, which I would recommend. The RS rooms are near the restaurants and nighttime activities and has its own pool. However if you want to be at the beach you need to take a long walk of a cart ride. The beach and pools were wonderful and we never had a problem finding a shady spot anywhere. We ate in Hokkaido the Japanese restaurant and Capri the seafood restaurant both of which I would rate excellent for an all-inclusive. The RS restaurant was also very good. The service at the restaurants and bars was exceptional,All of this brings me to the one area, which I thought was very poor - in fact totally unacceptable-the check in. When we arrived by bus we were directed to a lobby desk. There were several people waiting and only one employee checking people in. Someone else came later. I knew I had the Royal Service program so I didn't think I should be waiting there but no one could tell me where I should go and kept directing me back to the front desk. I waited nearly an hour before getting to the person at the front desk that told me I did not belong on that line. They called for a cart to take me to the RS area where check in was quick and painless. When I left the front desk I could see that the line was much longer than when I arrived so who knows how long these people waited. It was after 3PM but many people still could not get into their room because they were not ready. That鈥檚 another reason to get Royal Service 鈥?but make sure you go to the RS area for check in  out unlike me.Overall it was a wonderful place with some really good dedicated employees. I am sure they will fix the front desk problem.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>cangman57
<Content>Better off staying at the paradisus hotel right next store My family and I stayed here May 25th - 30th,2008. we loved but, when we took a tour of the Paradisus, it made the Caribe look like crap. l the Caribe had all Foriegn liquers, the rooms where [----] and it was too big. and the food made me go to the bathroom about an hr after every meal. so go to the paradisus  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Latinalocany
<Content>Amazing!!!       the beautiful beach!!  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ted66
<Content>my favorite place in the caribean we just got back from melia caribe tropical it was wonderful the staff will do everything to please you the abundance of food was great,the rooms are wonderful and spacious we had a deluxe junior suite with the king size bed i would recomend this resort highly but make sure and go to the japanese restaurant food there was very good the others was just ok the buffet has lot of choices for everyone taste,my fiance already start planning our honeymoon to go back there  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aruba2006
<Content>Royal Service, wonderful vacation! Stayed in Royal Service section of Melia, bldg 43, 5/10/08-5/17/08. My husband and I are in our early 30's we picked this place for some pampering and relaxing on the beach.Reading the negative reviews I was getting scared, vacation is all what you make of it and we had a great time.Arrived on 5/10 took a taxi $28, the taxi dropped us off at the wrong spot, I knew he did not understand me, but no big the Melia took us in a golf cart so we did not have to walk to the RS check in. Check in was great, I did not realize the travel agent booked us in a room w/double beds, that was changed to king w/out a problem. Then they took us to our room (no bottle of rum....but we had more than enough to drink anyway). The room was the jr. suite and was perfect for us. The room was clean, we never had any cockroaches or bugs (we had room service nearly every day and even w/food dishes out not a problem). I would not select bldg 43 again b/c it was near water treatment and every now and then outside (not inside) you would get a whiff of it.We got up every day went to the Gabi for breakfast around 9am then to the beach, then back to the room for lunch (ordered room service) or to the pool for a snack, hang out by the pool and go to dinner. So it worked out great for us that we were close to everything besides the beach b/c we preferred to hit the beach once a day, if we wanted to go back to our rooms during the day, it would not have been convenient as having a room on or near the beach, that is the only reason I would not recommend RS to someone was if they wanted a room so they could go back and forth to the beach more than once or twice.I like that the resort is so big since it's not recommended to go exploring the island on your own, I would feel trapped in a small place. I liked the train and the carts and unless you are right next to it, you don't smell the gas. Also, for me I could not do a lot of walking this trip (pulled muscle, hard to walk) but I made the best of it and we just took the transportation, hey I had no problem waiting 5 or 15 minutes in the shade. Where should I be in a hurry to go on vaca????Room: Very nice, a/c kept it cool, ceiling fan, turn down service, fridge stocked daily.Restaurants: Gabi - went only for breakfast and like the omlettes and eggs cooked to order, fruit and breads.Lunch - mostly room serivce or pool area grillDinner:Thai - My favorite (spicy prawns)Japanese - Very good (chicken, steak and sushi)Domincan - Very good (steak, mashed plantains and pork)Mexican - Very good (beef burrito)Capri - so-so for me, but my husband liked it. I am spoiled by Maine lobster and not a fan of rock lobster.French - so-so for me, but again my husband liked it. Just what I ordred.Drinks/Bars: Some drinks at some bars were stronger than others, but all were good. My favorite the Caipirina. We hung out mostly in the casino bar after dinner where it was air conditioned. The casino is small but we are not big gamblers, played some poker, roulette and slots.Royal service pluses, I liked our beach area we had a waiter on the beach (a couple of days) and our own beach bar, which made it very easy. I liked having our own restaurant the Gabi and our own pool. Dinner reservations, made over the phone the day of or day before, always had the time we wanted 7:30, Check in/out was easy dropped off and picked us up w/golf carts. We made our excursion reservations in the RS lobby, nice and air conditioined, tables, drinks.For excursions we did the Bavaro Splash Speedboat/Snorkel. We loved it, you drive a litte speedboat then take it out to another boat and then go snorkel. The crew was so helpful and nice, giving us food for the fish and taking pictures of me and my husband underwater w/the fish, helping me get my sunglasses untangled from my hair, just super friendly.We also did the swim w/dolphins and stingrays out in the ocean, that was really cool and something I always wanted to do, for me the price was worth it and my husband really enjoyed it. About 30 min in the water w/the dolphins and they come right up to you and do some tricks.Went to the mall across the street one afternoon (we were too burned for the sun that day!) and went to the Hard Rock Cafe, that was fun and nice gift shops.One thing about the language barrier reviews, when people come to the US they do not expect us to speak their language and we should not expect them to all speak english. These are hotel staff with people from all over the world coming that speak English, French, Portuguese, German etc. That said I thought their english was pretty good and had only a couple of times where it was not easy to figure it out. They are very friendly and will try hard to help with whatever is needed. I had 3 yrs of spanish in high school (12 years ago) but it was helpful, just a few phrases and it was great. Hola! Buenos dias/tardes/noche, Como esta? bien y tu? Gracias! Cervesa por favor.All in all it was a wonderful stay, I can't wait to go back and would do RS all the way!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>iluvtotravel28
<Content>Excellent resort for everyone I just got back on Sunday, May 25/08 from the Dominican Republic, Punta Cana where a friend and I travelled to. We went down to stay for our yearly 2 week stay away from all the stresses of everyday life. We stayed at the Occidental Grand Flamenco Punta Cana for 1 week and didn't have a very good time at all. The grounds are beautiful and clean, the staff were amazing especially Cesar and Alexis who were always willing to help with what ever was needed. However we had problems with the dirty public washrooms that always had feces and paper in them and wouldn't flush, there was no water for good parts of the day and we were supposed to have satelitte t.v. and didn't. Both my friend and I ended up sick and I have been to Punta Cana 11 times and my friend 8 times and we have never been sick before. We paid an extra amount of money through Air Transat to be moved to another hotel and we ended up at the MELIA CARIBE TROPICAL which was AMAZING. The grounds are beautiful and clean and the staff are all fantastic. The a la carte restuarants where to die for especially the french Ma Maison and the Gondola Italian. The rooms are comfortable and the beach is well kept. There are trains that run every 15 minutes to take you around the grounds as it is a very large resort but so worth going to. Many activites for the kids like wall climbing, zip line etc... I am booking this resort for Christmas and taking the whole family. I highly recommend this hotel to all groups of travellers. Hope you have a great time if you choose to go to the Melia Caribe Tropical Punta Cana - i luv to travel 28  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jmham
<Content>Not a single disappointment After reading several so-so reviews on various Punta Cana resorts, I was very skeptical and had a hard time choosing a resort for my vacation. I chose Melia based on past experience in Nusa Dua, Bali, and do not have a single thing to complain about. Punta Cana was spectacular.1. Arrival: Paid the $10 fee to enter the country, and walked right past the long line for customs. Apparently Americans do not have to clear customs. Not sure why...2. Hotel: Check-in was a breeze. We chose to not use the Royal Service based on other reviews. Getting around the resort by train was convenient, but it was nice to walk at times. No problem getting a spot by the pool or on the beach. Since it was May, occupancy was low, so no waiting in any lines or scouting out lounge chairs early in the morning. The hotel staff was extremely friendly, and very accomodating. Grounds were immacuately maintained.3. Meals: Plates were promptly cleared at all meals, and drinks were always topped off. Recommend bringing a lot of $1 bills for tips. Our favorite restaurant was Capri. Avoid American Grill until you've tried all the other restaurants. Make reservartions 24 hours in advance. The website says long sleeve shirts for the dress code, but long sleeves were not a requirement.4. Tours: We booked one excursion through Prieto Tours. We participated in the snorkeling tour which was very fun, especially the speedboats. Also heard good things about the ATV tour.Overall, Melia was the right choice, and I would recommend for anyone.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jjs501
<Content>Simply Beautiful The hotel was beautiful. The rooms were clean and the property is absolutely gorgeous. Taking the train around the resort was very exciting for our two little ones. We had a great time. The staff was very helpful and very friendly. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely return. The food was ok. The best restaurant is the Japanese. The rest of the food was just ok. So if food is not an issue than this is the place for you. It's not bad by any means it's just ok...The Dominican Food and Desserts were very good at the buffets. The restaurants were beautiful and this did not feel like an all inclusive resort by any means. The liquor was always flowing and the drinks were seldom weak. The house wine was even ok. The only problem we had with the resort was the Sol Melia Vacation Club. They make you attend a 90 min. presentation. They hunt you down, they call your room, they bribe you with restaurant reservations and gifts in order to get you to attend the presentation. I felt like we were being stalked after telling them 1000 times we were not interested. The whole family had to attend and my 4 and 6 year old were not interested. It was a waste of time for everyone. But the valets who work on the resort get a commision from the club if you attend and buy. Finally after 2 days of this we met one of the vacation club reps who was great and we explained to him that we were not interested at this time and felt pressured into the meeting He was understanding and we enjoyed his company during breakfast. We did not have to go through with the rest of the tour thank god. Overall it ws worth going, we had a great time and would go back. Hope this helped!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>ZK
<Content>Great vacation with toddler! My husband and I took our 22-month daughter for her first international trip and just got back from this resort tonight! If it hasn't been mentioned enough in other reviews, Punta Cana is one of the best kept secrets - what a bargain!! We exchanged for this resort through RCI. We didn't select Royal Service since we wanted a low-budget vacation with our toddler. We were assigned unit (1621) right across from the beach, near an outdoor restaurant, and in between the two main pools. Also, we were just a short walk from the train station, and sometimes got a lift from friendly hotel staff in golf carts. If you exchange through RCI, the concierge staff is very helpful - one staff person even went to town to find local dulce de leche that I wanted to buy. The room was very comfortable, modern, and clean. You can't drink the tap water but there is plenty of bottled water and sodas in the mini-bar. The weather was perfect everyday but if it was too hot, the bars are not far away. Lots of them by the beach or in the lobbies (Caribe and Tropical lobbies are connected by a series of restaurants and lounges). I wasn't too impressed by the drinks though - some didn't taste right (mojito's were too minty and the daquiri's had a super-sweet aftertaste). I stuck with rum and cola's - the bartender at Tropical pool made the best with a perfect squeeze of lime.As mentioned by others, there is a lot of walking if you don't get picked up by a golf cart or train. However, once you get to the lobby areas, you can crash on the many couches and beds(!) in the outdoor lounges. There is a constant breeze. We also loved the swinging benches. You probably should only take the long walk back to your room in the early morning or at nights - it is very hot out there! The food is wonderful! Eat all the fruits you can. My only complaint about breakfast is the lack of healthy cereals. Lunch was buffet again and you can either go to the lobby or eat at the two beach-side restaurants. We loved the grilled veggies, rice and beans, various grilled fish and meats, and soups at the Marketplace. Desserts were hit or miss - a lot of the pastries tasted just okay but one or two were scrumptious!!! Keep trying until you find the ones you like!!! The dress code at the dinners were not too bad - I did not force my husband to wear long sleeves because it was just too hot. A polo shirt and jeans/slacks and shoes (not sandals) were fine. The pools are tranquil and large - the pool on the Tropical side wasn't too crowded. The beach was clean but there weren't enough shaded areas to relax. Activities were not well-promoted though - I got a very undeciferable schedule for the week so we didn't even bother to check anything out. Overall, despite a few negative notes, we were very happy with our stay!  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Marianna33
<Content>Everything You Need To Know About Melia Caribe Tropical All-Inclusive       walkways  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>JMManuel
<Content>Wonderful wedding and vacation at the Melia! We spent two weeks at the Melia Caribe from May 3rd to May 17th for our Wedding. We had a group of 18 and all stayed Royal Service. Hubby and I stayed in the 1 bedroom master suite and it was Heaven!! The room was spotless, and the maid was nice enough to restock our fridge with cold presidente every day! (a few $$ tips will get you a long way!) Our other guests all thought their rooms were nice, and there was only a few bug sightings in the rooms.. (well, it is in the Caribbean folks..)Resort and grounds- its been said before, and I'll say it again, this resort is massive and beautiful. Lots of comfy seating everywhere, great bars, great drinks (Strong). The grounds are perfectly manicured and look like a dream.. Nightlife is something we found a bit lacking on the few nights we could actually stay awake!Food- ranged from good at the buffets, to great at the A la Cartes. We ate at all the A la Cartes except for the International which was closed. Favorite was the Japanese and least fave was the Capri (seafood) Buffets had lots of selection, the picky eaters in our group really liked the snack bar near the Gabi pool for ice cream and french fries.. (just a note though, all of us experienced stomach issues- take some immodium!) Beach and Pools- Beach was quite simply awesome, white sand and aqua water. When we were there there was no problem getting a good spot, even for our big group to sit together! Pools are spotless- we even went for a dip at 3 am one morning.. Perfect! One thing that drove us crazy was the beach vendors- it is difficult to walk the beach without them practially dragging you into their shops with their Cheapie Cheapie prices. Im not much for being bullied, but this seams to be the way its done in the DR. Again not the resorts fault.Wedding- Although it was a bit bumpy in places (they were late with the hair appointments-my name was incorrectly spelled on our menus) The wedding overall was fantastic. Our pictures look like something out of a Fairytale and all of our guests raved about it. The musical Trio is worth every penny.With the weather being hot hot hot everyday, and not a drop of rain for 2 weeks, we all had the most amazing time. Its a perfect getaway for a vacation, wedding, anniversary etc etc.. Would return, but would stay only in the Royal Service side.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jeepseadoo
<Content>Good Stay with Hurricane Force Rain I bought my wife a birthday gift for her 30th (PUNTA CANA Vacation with 4 other friends). It rained 4 out of 7 days, the staff was friendly and helpful (resort provided large golf umbrellas to all), the tram ran everyday (on time) and the food was great. Oh, an Hurricane NOEL crossed less than 40 North of us and we still played golf and the reort personnel kept us occupied with indoor games and talent shows that would normally happen only at night.We had a GREAT Stay even though we did not know why it was rainy (did not care) nor did the resort personnel make us worry or even tell us there was a hurricane close because it did not cause any mjor problems except rain or wind.We stayed on the Royal Service side (A MUST DO) and rea the Florida paper headlines walking by that said Hurrican Noel hits Florida Coast. Personnel still came to our room to run a jacuzzi bath and everything; just like nothing was going on.-We still had a good stay, private golf carts and tram ran everyday with plasitc zipped in windows to keep you dry.Golf course was in good shape, got a free day of extra golf because we got rained out and they even kept and cleaned/dried our gear during our stay.Only disappointment, did not get to dive because of the rough seas. ONLY DISAPPOINTMENT!WOULD RECOMMEND TO GO, JUST NOT DURING HURRICANE SEASON, although prices are much cheaper  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bennieclent_worcs_UK
<Content>very good but ! 2 week stay feb/mar 08. hotel all inclusive O.K. rooms in need of refurb. hotel occupies too large an area, even allowing for circular train service. the only substantive complaint was minibar contained no alchoholic drinks not even beer. none available on request. expression minibar used by first choice  other U.K. operators. a subsequent complaint to the Advertising Standards Authority resulted in an undertaking by U.K. operators to use the expression minifridge where alchoholic drinks were not provided. worth questioning before booking if like me you partake of a sundowner before dinner.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>eliobarber
<Content>Watch out Sol Melia Membership! We were there for a week, June 30 throu July 6, 2007. We had a good time. The hotel is very nice, the staff did their best so we could feel at home! We did not have any bad experience, good food, drinks, etc. The hotel is so big that you need to take the train to go to the estaurants( if you are close to the beach) but be patient because it could take forever. Something that I would like to warn everybody considering to buy a membership with Sol Melia is that in the so beautiful presentation by the staff they DO NOT TELL YOU THE WHOLE STORY! BE CAREFUL GUYS ON THAT!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>VTMD
<Content>A Great Vacation My husband and I stayed at the Melia Tropical for one week and we had a wonderful time. I read all of the reviews on this site and thought that perhaps I had made a mistake but we certainly were not disappointed. Check in was easier then other resorts that we stayed at and when we asked for a room close to the beach we were easily accomodated. When we got to the room we found there were no towels so I called to report it and by the time we had gone to grab a bite to eat the towels had been delivered. It would have been nice to have more towels but we made due and it was fine. The room was kept very clean, we did see a small roach in the bathroom on the first night, I am terrified of these things but I had brought some bug spray with me so I sprayed the entire room and we didn't see anything else the entire week.The grounds as everyone has commented are absolutely beautiful and well groomed.The beach is also quite beautiful and very long, great if you like to take long walks on the beach. There is a problem with sea weeds in the water but we found clear patches in the general area that we sat so it didn't really bother us. It is correct that people go early to put their towels down on chairs with shade and don't return for hours but we found that if we got to the beach around 8:00 / 8:30am we were able to get chairs with shade. We also left our towels on the chairs while we had lunch but we would go back right after and we usually stayed on the beach until 5:30pm.We had lunch at the buffet restauarants, there is one on the beach and one by the pool, we preferred the one by the pool we always found something we liked.We usually had dinner at the Marketplace Buffet, we did have dinner at the Italian restaurant one night, I called around 5:30 in the evening and had no problem getting a reservation for the following day at 7:00pm. It was okay but we decided that we preferred the Marketplace Buffet as there was enough variety that we always found something we liked.There are lots of bars, my husband has diabetes and I have a heart condition (although we are fairly young), we would have a cocktail in the Caribe lobby after dinner and just sit and watch the couples dance to the music from the live band before the evening show that started at 10:00pm which we enjoyed. We usually left just before it ended to miss the mass exodus to the train but they came fairly quickly so if we missed one we didn't have to wait to long for the next one.I read a lot of negative comments about the fumes from the trains and carts on the property and for the most part they are correct. But they were a great way of getting around and we never had to wait for more then a couple of minutes from our block which was 04 to get to the Marketplace and main entertainment area. We tried to always sit as far back on the train as possible as the smell wasn't as strong at the back.We were fine being on the Tropical side rather then the Caribe side because of it's proximity to the beach. There are a lot of young families with little children but they didn't bother us, most of them were well behaved and we are used to having a lot of kids around with both of us coming from large families.I loved this resort and would definitely return because it has something for everyone.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrsjones02
<Content>Will not be going back While we did not have a miserable time, I found this resort to be severely lacking in quality of product and service. The hotel and restaurants are beautiful, but the grounds definetely were in need of landscaping or of being watered at the very least. The food was in abudance, but did not taste good, all the meals were just okay. Only one type of beer - Presidente is served, and only one bartender at the pool bar and no waiter service at bar or beach. No bar at beach at all. It seems that the hotel is understaffed as there were only two front desk clerks to check guests in, and after waiting 45 minutes for that to happen, were not greeted warmly or offered an apology. Waiters at restaurants also served as bus boys. Room was very sparsely decorated and outdated, but bed was comfortable enough. Resort was too large and you had to rely on trains to go to lobby or restaurants from your room as it was too hot and far to walk.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>fishneedsairandwater
<Content>Royal Service All the way Royal Service... May 8-15.2008We have two children, 2, and 12 years.. Good..The pools, views, the pool bar, and room service are great.The staff. There was one by the pool that didn't help you if you didn't give her a tip.Hokkaido, and Dominican Restaurant were great.Rest stop for the excursions has cheap liquor...The maids turn down your sheets at night. Scuba Crew and the boat ride...The pool bar -hot dogs and hamburgers that was great... We loved the cart for Royal Service to get around.Walks are not long once you learn short cuts.Bad..Cool Club for teens.If there isn't any other children for older kids to play with staff won't babysit. Mine was the only one. Kids in Baby Rock club were in hot sun with no water. We watched as kids played and polite staff just talked to each other. Not really interacting. They stayed in the shade. Bed bugs... Hard to see. Trust me they are there..No night life or real entertainment for guests or decent clubs. Hot water not always working. Lights go out time to time. Food.Ma Maison.French. So pretty but sorry it was not good. ***Yes reservations only. Once it was not done. We had small children. That was not good. Or you are stuck with the buffet.No tour of grounds when you upgrade, but they will offer by the pool. That turned out to be a long demonstration for a time share. Please bring wash cloths. We did thanks to reviews.. If you don't get Royal Service you will never know how different the place is....I am sorry... I didn't like the food. Lots of kids but they didn't really entertain them.Ok..Mexican RestaurantThe kids arcade had playstation 2. Two pool tables, hockey table, chess, but it was a small room. That's the extent of the child care at night... My opinion is it not average... But I wouldn't go back... P.S Have your own vacation.. GO Club Med..Pay more or choose another resort...  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>WANNAHITTHEBEACH84
<Content>Extraordinary!!! After reviewing some of the comments about Melia Caribe Tropical, I was very apprehensive about our vacation. Never fear!!!!!!!! The service was great....yes, there was somewhat of a language barrier, but after a day or two there, you soon catch on, and they do their very utmost to communicate and cater to your every desire.The room was okay. We loved the patio. Since we had a shower every afternoon it was so refreshing to sit and relax on our patio, and enjoy the lush gardens right outside our door.The bars...extraordinary!!! After several evenings at the one bar, our bartender knew exactly what we wanted- she was so sweet! She would bring my friends cosmopolitan in one hand and a glass of olives in the other (my friend LOVES olives). Give them a dollar or two of tip (they deserve it). They'll treat you like royalty!We had no problems booking a restraunt for dinner. We usually booked it at the guest services desk in the AM for that night or the next night. We're on vacation so who needs to be pushy about what time you eat?We stayed at a Sandals on our honeymoon and paid double the price, and the landscape here was more beautiful. For the difference in price, I definitely would pick Melia Caribe Tropical. We went on the ATV excursion. That's a must. You get quite an adventure for your money. We loved it, because you got to see more of the culture and lifestyle outside the resort, plus our husbands loved the excitement of four-wheeling. We also got couple massages. Okay, but not extraordinary. We had ours outside. Suggestion: Choose the inside one. We were so hot and sticky till we were done, because of the humidity. The massage therapists were good though.Transportation around the resort... no problem...we either caught the train if it was raining or we were to exhausted- which usually came every five minutes. They have very nice walkways and is was only a several minute walk to the lobby, buffets, pool, beach.If you like...the beach is beautiful at night, too! Take a stroll after dinner.You will LOVE it!!! Have fun!  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Phuzzy
<Content>A truly relaxing week       Tasty Shrimp!!!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Peace10
<Content>We had a blast! Beautiful grounds!       Catalina Island Beach  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NewBrunswickBetty
<Content>Wonderful resort, wonderful people       The beach restaurant  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Edmitchell66
<Content>Royal Service is the way to go! This was the second time we stayed at this resort and it has improved in many ways. Most staff speak english or enough to get by which was not the case 3 years ago. Also the food quality was much improved. This time we stayed in a Royal Service Room, I highly recommend it! Spend a little more and get the Royal Service Master Suite, it has the giant jacuzzi tub, living room and mini kitchen. Our fridge was stocked with beer, water and soda and if you ask the housekeeper she will also leave you champangne and wine. When you arrive their will be a bottle of fine dark rum for you in the room. Don't be afraid, drink it! They will bring you another the next day. A couple we met were saving theirs to take home not realizing that it would be replaced if they drank it.The GABI resturant for Royal Service only was great and did not require reservations. Royal service has its own pool area with a snack hut that is open most of the day. They are starting some new construction and are adding another pool and few more buildings.I think one will house a new casino. It seems that all the resort areas are becoming more americanized which was a dissapointment in some ways. We love latino music and even in the cabs they change the music to american soft rock if they think you are american. The resort had great latin msic every night and some fun stage shows.Make sure you bring enough american dollars with you. They have an ATM machine but it gives out pesos and then you have to get them exchaged at the rate the hotel offers.Overall a great and a great value. We will return next year.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>katemojo
<Content>Incredibble This has got to be one of the most amazing places i have ever stayed, there is so much variety on offer it cators for evryone, there is always entertainment at all hours of the day and the staff carnt help enough, we had a stocked mini bar and the rooms were always spotless, there is nothing i can say against this hotel only it was fantastic  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>numberonueve
<Content>Amazing for R My husband, 18-month-old daughter, and I stayed at the Melia April 25 - May 2 and had the opportunity to experience both Royal Service and non-RS (because the first night we wanted to be there had no RS rooms available). And since we relied on so many comments before us to inform our vacation, here I am to help you!We had a truly wonderful RR at this resort. The most important thing is that you make the vacation what you want to. Yes, there were a few moments of frustration (language barrier was hard for my husband...I speak enough to get by, but I wasn't with him at the golf course!), but it's not enough to ruin a vacation. The golden rule exists no matter where you are in the world: be nice to others and they'll be nice to you. Yes, $$ tips helped immensely, but even a friendly smile and an hola to anyone you pass will yield pleasantries and friendly service in return.The grounds are stunning -- beautifully manicured and well-kept around the clock, which was evident after rain spurts nearly every day (including one night with high winds that knocked down palm leaves...they were cleaned up within a day). We -- especially our daughter -- loved seeing the pink flamingos and especially the peacocks that had no fear coming up to us and yet were very tame.Our non-RS room was spacious and clean...closer to the restaurants. We would have been perfectly happy staying there all week. Our RS room was much better suited for our need for -- ahem -- evening privacy while our daughter slept. And 'ditto' on the main complaint about the mattresses...I have recurring back trouble, and these didn't help...don't forget your advil.As for whether or not to decide on RS, we say go for it. The RS rooms all surround the pool, and since there are fewer RS rooms than non, there are fewer people at the pool and in the Gabi restaurant than what you'll find at the main pool and Marketplace restaurant. Thus a much more quiet and relaxing setting. The other main pool (for non-RS) was very big and had a lot of people...and was much noisier. But the non-RS pool was closer to the beach, which is the downside of the RS pool and rooms being further away.Which brings me to the next point -- get out and walk!! It's good for you! Just because you're on vacation doesn't mean a little exercise wouldn't do you good. We loved our walks around the 'campus' and down to the beach. But yes, our daughter loved the choo-choo, and it's an extremely convenient and available mode of transport to get from rooms to restaurants to beach/pool. For RS, the golf carts are readily available to take you anywhere.The food was so-so, which helped prevent us from over-eating. My husband loved the grilled chicken at the RS poolside grill. The Gabi restaurant was just okay. The marketplace was good. The Japanese hibachi was good, but not as good as hibachi restaurants we go to at home. The Mexican restaurant was my husband's favorite dinner, the Thai fusion was mine. The french was good too. (But notice I didn't say great/amazing.)The most important reason we chose this resort was its kid and family friendliness...and that it was! Our daughter did not do any organized activities, but it was just so nice to go into the restaurants and not have to worry about what to feed her or how other customers would react to her buoyant personality (and her meltdown one evening). All restaurants have childrens' menus and food is served to them very quickly. The crib was in our room in no time and the staff warmed to her smiles quickly.Okay...enough out of me. We highly recommend it, but go see for yourself. Keep an open mind, be nice to others, and remember...you're on vacation in a beautiful and sunny foreign land!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>jamz143
<Content>Perfectly fine Okay so let me first start off by saying, i almost cancelled my vacation becasue of some of the reviews. I am sure glad i didnt. Apon arrival we had absolutely no problems what so ever. We did have royal service but not the suite just a reg jr suite room. Okay let me start from the begining, arrived at Punta cana airport which was def a diff type of airport then i am used to, it made u feel liek wow i am somewhere tropical. We we rushed by a group of workers that want to help u find your ground transportation which was fine. We were on Pierto Tours, and it was good but our bus almost broke down, other wise fine. We drove there as what they woudl call liek the country. All land and dirt roads, it was truly a great beging to a vacation. Finally we arrive to the Melia Caribe Tropical.*note: if you are in royal service notify the driver so u get dropped off on the right side other wise known as the caribe side.Right away we were taking to the royal service check in, now we did have royal service but didnt not have the suite. Check in went smoothly, and greeted with drinks, luggage arrived quickly to the room. The room was fine, nothing wrong at all. It was clean, a full bottle of rum, and a stocked frigg and a terrace. Nothign at all the complain about, and it wasnt dated to me at all.since we had royal service we were far fromt he beach however if u wait by the royal service pool someone was always there to scoop u away for the 2 min ride to the beach. The beach was lovely was well, plam trees the ocean the sand all perfect, tons of water activites. On the royal service side there was bar on the beach and waitress to service you.We did walk over to the other side and i have to say it was a bit crazy, but it had great pools and a resturant rioght near the beach.I woudl have liek to explore that side more however i was fine witth my royal service side.My one and only complaint, is that the breakfast was terrible, all around eat the cereal, best choice or a omlete everyhtign else was blahhh.Lunch n dinner wayyyyy better, teh drinks ask them to make them stronger and they will.the grounds are lovely thehotel is very clean i foudn everyone friendly and who care if they can understand you laugh and try to figure it out you are on vacation.......pleanty of bars and stuff to do.as for the train that takes u around, alot of people comlain about the smell or smoke its a [--] diesel car what do u expect, it was fun when u are tired jsut sot on it all day and look at the grounds......they have like street markets or fairs, and tiem share people, i read it bugs people im [--] from NYC, the hustle and bustle is no big deal, a polite no with a smile and they leave u alone.I def would go back and there is tons more to say. if you have a question email me.!!!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>holdenbu
<Content>Loved It! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Melia from 4/40 through 5/5 and had an absolutely amazing time. While the resort is not perfect I would highly recommend it to anyone. CHECK IN: Royal Service check in was smooth and simple. I would have liked a little more explanation about what the extra perks were from Royal Service. If I hadn't read the forums and reviews obsessively I wouldn't have known half of them.GROUNDS: As beautiful as everyone says. The diesel smell from the train and the mopeds was quite annoying and I can see how some people were really turned off by it. The Royal Service area is right by the main building and it was pretty easy to get a ride to the beach. I don't think I would have liked being in the main buildings that were close to the beach but required the train to get back to the restaurants.ROOM: Very nice. We did have mosquito issues - killing about 5 to 10 every day. Chalked that up to being in a tropical environment.FOOD: We ate at the Gabi Club every day for breakfast and lunch and always had great food. The dinner restaurants were the biggest disappointments of the whole trip. We ate at the Italian (horrible), Dominican (OK), Japanese (OK - my boyfriends chicken was horrible) and the Market Place buffet (liked). I didn't know the Gabi Club serves dinner (with lobster) and wished we tried eating dinner there.SERVICE: Except for one rude hostess everyone was incredible. We're big tippers and found some great bartenders who knew how to poor good drinks and stuck with them. We had to keep turning down more towels because we had so many. SHOWS: We saw a few and the performers were all very talented. We especially liked the Dominican show. Very entertaining.OVERALL: Again I would definitely recommend the Melia to anyone especially the Royal Service. I don't know if I would go back if I couldn't do that. This was my first all inclusive and I'm in love with the concept. Will definitely be returning to Punta Cana.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>KBSRye
<Content>Love the Melia! KBS RYE NY We returned from our trip planning our next to the Melia this December, This was out 5th time there and I must say each time getss better, The quality of the hotel is by far one of teh best in teh DR. The staff is friendly and very attentive, now you must remember you are in their country and do not expect a New York minuet but they were great. The beach is spectacular, pools nice and in the time we have been going there food quality has dramatically improved. We cannot wait to return and see all teh friends we made there.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BoricuaBoston
<Content>La Hispaniola       Beach  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Melandjas
<Content>OK-but Royal Service not worth it Overall the Melia is a beautiful hotel-the grounds and main areas are gorgeous. Lots of wildlife everywhere-peacocks, flamingos....The rooms, however, are outdated and need a major overall. The Royal service rooms are the same-need a major renovation....just so other guests are prepared..there are bugs...the couple we were travelling with had a very big cockroach in their room the first night...not good! We know this is normal in the Carribean but we have been to Cuba twice, Mexico once, and this is the first time we have seen a cockroach in the room. If you are not prepared for this..then be advised. The hotel is big and somewhat noisy. Even from your rooms, you can hear music playing. The hotel is essentially a family hotel, so if you do not have children, this can be very annoying. Even in the royal service area, there were lots of kids.The resort is big-not as big as some people were making it out to be on this site-the walk from the Royal suites to the beach was about 5 minutes max. The walk may be a problem for some-but the average person should have no complaints. We even saw a peacock and her babies one day. There are rides available for those who want it-we never had a problem.The beach was ok-Cuba beaches are better. Lots of seaweed (which didn't bother us but may bother others). There is not a lot of shade, even in the Royal Suites section on the beach. We went to the beach in the afternoon because that was the only time you were guaranteed shade. The royal service side has a bar right on the beach which was very nice...the other side does not have a beach bar (you have to walk to the pool area (which may be annoying for some).The vendors on the beach are an absolute pain and they are the #1 reason why we will never go back to the Dominican. They are annoying and demanding and a nuisance....they will walk beside you on the beach until you agree to go to their shop (at that moment) or you get rude and tell them to get lost. Further, the vendor prices are outrageous...so high that I cannot even understand the reasoning for this approach. Further, the prices are so inconsistent-the same necklace could be $12 dollars at one stand and $22 dollars at another stand 50 feet away...my advice, buy all souvenirs at the gift shop or the mall...cheaper prices and better quality. Unfortunately, there are no romantic walks on this beach. The beach next to the Melia and Paradisus is public and not clean-there is garbage everywhere (wear shoes).The food is very good in all the restaurants and the royal suites restaurant. That said, both my husband and I are suffering from a major stomach bug (unfortunately, to be expected, especially when the water is not safe to drink and you are eating at buffets). Though we didn't drink the water, you cannot always be sure with the food preparation.The service was good in the restaurants and bars-forget tipping because the service does not change--believe me a dollar goes nowhere at this resort-maybe $10 or $20 dollars. Apparently, this is the same everywhere in the DR. One of our Tour guides (Outback Safari) basically told us that a $1 tip goes nowhere because of the rate of inflation-we thought that was a bit rude.The maid service (even in the royal service) sucked, even when you tipped. If you managed to get service, it was minimal at best. The royal service guests are supposed to get turn down service-we got it twice without calling...the rest of the time we had to call and demand it...we were not pleased.Overall, if you are looking for the royal service or the extra service do not go to this hotel.....The Royal service is a waste of money. If you choose Royal Service demand that you are put in the Royal Suites area- we were put in Villa 44 which is technically the Caribe. The overflow of Royal Suites guests are put in there - there are no king beds, and you do not get the Royal Maid service at all-the four of us demanded that we be moved to the Royal Service area and we managed to get the rooms on the third day. This is not acceptable given the extra money you are paying. We have stayed at the Palladium in the Royal Section and the Sandals Cuba VIP and the service was much, much better. Don't waste your money in this hotel--it is not worth it!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	2	2	4	

<Author>4q2
<Content>A great vacation Just returned from a 7 night stay at the Melia in Punta Cana. It was a great vacation ... what a vacation is supposed to be ... RELAXING. The facilities are solid but not luxurious. Our room was very nice with a king, sitting area, balcony, and jacuzzi and shower in the bath. Closet space was enough although we could have used another drawer or so. The flat screen HDTV was good and selections were fine. We played golf daily at the Cocotal Country Club and found the layout to be challenging but fully playable. There are now 3 nines with 2 traditional resort 9's and the Bouganvilla 9 is more like a test and plays to about 4000 yards from the back tees. The added 9 holes gives them more flexibility in tee times. The greens were excellent and the course was immaculate. At the resort, the beach was nice and the pools were very nice. We particularly enjoyed the Gabi Pool and restaurant for lunch. Breakfast is good at the Marketplace or Gabi. Dinner was varied. The La Gormet (international) was excellent; Gondola (Italian) was horrid and bland; Maisson (French) was good; Hokaido (Japanese Hibachi style) was very good and lots of food; Capri (seafood) was average; Pagoda (Thai) was outstanding; The last evening we went back to the La Gourmet and were again rewarded for that choice. We did not visit the Hacienda (Mexican), Guarabo (Dominican), Tuhey (at the beach), Agra (also at the beach), or American Grill. The lobby bars were active and served good drinks. There seemed to be weddings several times a day at the Gazebo. And, there were several families with children. It seemed that there were plenty of activities for the kids. The Royal Service option seemed worth the difference to us. It was much easier to make reservations for dinners and with our morning trips to the golf course it would have been a problem. The private shuttles were nice, too. Cocktail hour in the Royal Service lounge is nice with premium brands plentiful.The staff seemed committed to being helpful and pleasant. There were a few language barriers but with my weak Spanish it all worked out. The VIP/Royal Service staff was wonderful. Check-in/Check-out were quick and painless.Overall, I would rate it 4.5 of 5. The price was perfect and was a real value for what we got. I booked it about 8 months early and watched for specials (I could change). There were some specials that showed up but none were better than the deal that I booked.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>moziffie
<Content>Royal Service is Worth the $$$ Just got back from our annual golf vacation. MCT was very nice, and the staff is the reason for our great time. No complaints what so ever.Stephanie, Pablo,  Ronnie took care of our needs - beer, soda  water in all six rooms each day, picked up our golf bags each morning  made sure we had everthing for the five days that we asked for.Played three courses, and Cap Cana is one of the finest you will ever play. The entire staff at CC was great, and the course is amazing. Take a camera to get some shots of the scenery....Food was good, but not great. Ate steaks, lobsters, and tuna almost every evening. All the meat is not the grain fed US quality, but it did fill the bill. Drinks were cold, plentiful, and STRONG.The only negative about the entire trip - The porters at the airport are totaly out of control. Their manners  attitudes need to be adjusted. Tourism is the base of the DR economy, and having your luggage hijacked on the way in  out of the airport is bad for business. As a group we left over $800 in tips for 5 days, and to have these guys give you grief for only giving the $ 1 per bag to carry it 100 yds is crazy. Great place to visit, 5 days was plenty, but the DR is on the lower class end of vacation spots.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>EnglandJilly
<Content>Brilliant, Beautiful and friendly I cannot understand what others have found to complain about, this is a beautiful hotel in a magnificent setting, the food is plentiful and varied with something to suit everyone, the staff are friendly and helpful although the language barrier was a bit of a stumbling block at times, we went for my daughters wedding, and it was so romantic and personal and the staff at the hotel could not have done more to make the day any more special then it was. We were a party of 6 including the bride and groom and it was paradise itself with the Flamingos, Peacocks, and Storks roaming around the grounds not to mention the Pelicans visiting the beach for fish at regular intervals. The grounds are lovely and even the trains that go around the complex lend a certain magic to the whole package. If you are uncertain as to whether you should choose this hotel because of bad reviews then all I can say is the moaners could not have been staying at the same hotel as us.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>niki
<Content>Absolutely wonderful resort! Our group consisting of 28 adults and one toddler stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from April 12 - 26. We were with Sunquest Vacations, so our rooms were on the Tropical side of the resort. We did not have royal service rooms, nor did we find it necessary. The Deluxe Junior Suites were lovely. Clean, comfortable and well equipped. My husband and I had a king bed, and some in the group had 2 twin beds in their rooms. They are not double beds, but certainly there were no complaints.The bathrooms are due for some renos, but other than that, it was great. There's a balcony with 2 chairs and a table, inside there's a sofa, coffee table, 2 nice chairs and a lovely oval wooden table, flat screen TV, alarm clock, 2 night tables with one drawer in each, ample lighting, a large closet with pay safe, phone, generous marble counter space, coffee maker with coffee, area for luggage, area rugs and full mirrors on the closet doors. In the closet is an umbrella, iron and ironing board, shelves and hangers (but never enough for me).The beach is perfect with more than enough chairs for everyone and several palapas. The water was warm and always calm. Close to the beach is a buffet/bar where we went for breakfast and lunch daily, and of course drinks! I had no problem getting tea/coffee or any drinks at anytime served to us in this buffet. We were in buidling 7, room 0717 on the second floor. Perfect for us. Close to the beach and pool area. My daughter took her 20 month old to the baby club everyday for his nap, and some playtime out of the heat. The ladies there, Maria and Gregoria were fantastic!! The centre is very clean and well equipped with brand name toys, and a quiet, glassed in area for the cribs. It was a nice break for mom, dad and little Spencer.Went to the Thai, Italian, French and Dominican restaurants. My favourite was the Thai, but I enjoyed them all. My husband went to the Seafood restaurant and said it was excellent. The buffet was the usual AI food. It was well prepared and plenty to choose from. You must try the macaroons, they're very tasty. Crepes were great too.The grounds, as you have heard, are breathtaking. I could'nt stop looking everywhere trying to take it all in. The resort is large, but easy to navigate, and I'm really bad at directions!! Thought that the train would be a hastle, but not at all. Many times we walked back and forth from our room to the lobby/ restaurant areas, and it took 10 minutes. The landscaping made the walk very pleasant. At night when the resort is lit up it's magical. I miss it so much. We had great weather, with about 2 hours rain total in the 2 weeks we were there. It has to rain sometime. All in all, it was just fantastic. We are looking at returning next year.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>valleyangels
<Content>WOW What a great place. We arrived in Punta Cana on April 14 for a 14 day vacation. We travelled with 1 other couple but were meeting up with 16 others later in the day as they were coming in from a different province. This was my first vacation outside of Canada and it was fantastic. The grounds were beautiful and well kept. The rooms were clean and comfortable, the food was amazing and the staff was polite and very friendly. We knew that with a large group getting reservations together at the restaurants may be challenging so we would break in to 2 smaller groups and had no trouble getting into most a la carte's. They actually seated us at the japanese restaurant at 5 when they do not open until 6 so that our group was able to dine together. I do however have 2 complaints about our stay the first is the drinks when they are made they are way to strong but that was an easy fix so really not a complaint more a little tip incase you are not a huge fan of very strong drinks you may want to watch the bartenders when they are making them so you can stop them if it is too strong. The second complaint had nothing to do with the resort or the staff but other guests, I found alot of people very rude to the staff and rude in general. People would just cut in front of you in the buffet lines like you were not even there. This is a very large resort but the extra walking was great with the amount of food and drinks consumed. We would not hesitate to return to this resort we had a relaxing and amazing stay.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Big_ape_Francine
<Content>Stay away Comfortable is not the word to be used to describe this place.It is true that the resort has grounds are well cared for. The lobbies and Marketplace are nice as well and that is where the positives ended for me.Beware: The trains that take you around spew black clouds of nasty smoke and so do the little mopeds that all the staff ride around on. The stench and noise is really bad, I鈥檝e never been to a place so gassed and smelly in Canada or US. The sidewalks in the alleys are covered in oil so if you are not jumping side to side to give way to passing vehicles while covering your nose you are still forced to smell all the oil that鈥檚 evaporating under the sun.The beach stinks of gasoline too because of all the speedboats constantly going by and a little inflatable flying boat. The washrooms are far from the beach with all the logical consequences and the calm standing waters of the ocean make it nastier. You have to wear a shirt, shorts and sandals in the beach buffets so if your bathing suit is still damp and you are hungry you again have to be inconvenienced one way or the other.The rooms are old and dated and if you don鈥檛 give a bribe your room will probably face a very busy road with roaring smelly vehicles and a train that rings its bell at all hours of day or night. You are given each one bath towel so if you take a shower in the evening be prepared to use the same old wet towel in the morning. And what genius thought of putting the only hooks in the bathroom right over a bide?The food was mediocre as expected the service was the same 鈥?Dominicans are a long way from understanding what customer service is. Asking 3 different people for a drink at breakfast and being reprimanded for being late for dinner (what happened to the 鈥淒ominican time鈥?) because of an issue with a door lock is not enjoyable.So a 2 -3 star resort at best as far as I am concerned!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	2	1	

<Author>kteach109
<Content>Best Vacation Ever! My husband and I, along with 8 other couples, just returned from paradise! The hotel and grounds are beautifully kept and we found the staff to go above and beyond for us. At first, the size of the complex is very overwhelming, but once you understand the layout, it is much easier to get around than it looks. We walked quite a bit, but also took the trolley/bus that went around continually. The way we looked at it was... we are on vacation and we have all the time in the world so if you have to wait or walk -- who cares! We did tip generously and it was very much worth it. Bring a lot of 1's and 5's- they go along way. Mateo at the pool bar kept our cups full all day! He knew what everyone liked and went out of his way to take care of us. All of the girls had fun doing water aerobics in the pool with Francisco almost daily! The food was very good. We especially enjoyed the French, Dominican, American, and Seafood (Capri) restuarants. The buffets also had a good selection. We ate breakfast every morning at Agora right on the beach- what a gorgeous view of the ocean! Omlets made to order were a nice way to start off the day. Night life is not really what we are used to, but we did have fun at the Disco, sang some Kaoroke, visited the Sports Bar/Casino, and made our own fun lounging on couches and laughing near the MarketPlace with our I-Pod playing all of our favorites!The rooms were very well kept and a nice size. We had one cockroach in our room, but is was our fault because we left our sliding glass door open for the entire day- no big deal! Some people have complained about the bugs on other reviews, but you need to take into consideration where you are and keep your doors shut!Our overall impression of this resort is amazing! The people are hard working and very friendly. Knowing a bit of Spanish will help, but the majority of workers spoke and understood some English. We never had a problem communicating what we needed or wanted. The beach is gorgeous, food is good, and weather is AMAZING! It was sunny and warm every day we were there- bring your sunscreen and a hat! We would go back in a heart beat!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>BeachTanner
<Content>We enjoyed the Melia       full boat  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Oliver58
<Content>Poor Service at the Melia Caribe We stayed at the Melia Caribe resort from March 25, 2008 through March 31, 2008. While portions of the resort were beautiful there were problems with our room every single night we were there and the service regarding these problems was unbelievably bad as I explain below. SERVICE/ROOM The service was very poor and the quality of the room was only fair. Certainly not worthy of four stars. When we arrived on March 25, 2008 we were placed in a room with two double beds despite the fact that the reservation confirmation showed that we were confirmed for a King bed and a sleeper. The room decor was dated and none of the rooms, and we ended up staying in three different rooms, look as good as they do on the website. When we asked to move because we did not get the room we were promised we were informed that nothing else was available and we could not be moved until the next day. We were moved the next day. However, the bathroom in the new room constantly flooded to the point that there was often two to three inches of standing water and the floor would constantly remain wet. As a result, every time we had to use the bathroom we were standing in water. In addition we were not sure of the source of the water so we could have been standing in unsanitary water or sewage from a leak in the toilet. Despite the fact that we complained repeatedly, our complaints were ignored for two days. Finally, the manager on duty examined the problem and showed us a new room which he promised to move us to. He promised to move us while we were out to dinner that evening and told us that we should pick up the new key at the reception area when we were done with dinner. When we returned from dinner and a show we went to pick up the key to our new room around 10:30 pm. When we went to the reception area in the Caribe lobby the receptionist told us that despite the manager's promise our room had not been changed and that she had been instructed NOT to change our room unless we signed a release which she presented to us. We were very upset due to the fact that my eleven year old son was very tired at this late hour and we all wanted to retire to our new non-flooding room. I waited over an hour for someone to help us and my family was moved around midnight. When we finally arrived at our new room it did not have any sofa bed so my son had to sleep in bed with us. The next day, the sofa bed finally appeared but despite numerous calls no sheets were delivered and my son had to sleep with us again. The last day there was no water pressure and no hot water. Despite the fact that our room was never fully functional for even ONE day of our stay the hotel defended this poor service even though we had been lied to about being moved while we are dinner. FOOD The food ranged from fair to good. Breakfast was good but the quality of the food in the lunch and dinner buffets varied greatly. We enjoyed the beef but the fish was uniformly dry, overcooked and uninteresting. In addition, there was a tremendous amount of repetition of selections. It was extremely annoying trying to get reservations in the specialty restaurants. However, we spent a great deal of time on the phone and were able to sample most of them. They all looked very nice but the quality was only slightly better then the buffets and none of the restaurants were particularly authentic although the service was very good in these restaurants. 1. Thai-Very good, probably the best we tried. 2. Japanese- I don't understand what all the fuss is about. It is extremely hard to get a reservation and the quality is not as good as any typical Beni Hana style restaurant. In addition, we were not seated for over an hour after our reservation time. As a result, my son, fell asleep waiting and went back to the room with my wife with no dinner. When we asked they refused to give us a reservation for the next night. 3. French-Fair, not particularly authentic. 4. Steakhouse-Only fair. 5. Dominican-Terrible. Very poor selection and food quality.BEACHES/POOL Beautiful beach and great pools. There were sufficient chairs at both. The bartenders were excellentWATERSPORTSPoor. The staff was very lazy and it was hard to get reservations. For example, the first few days we were told that we could take out the small sailboat since the catamarans were always reserved. When we attempted to take it, however, we were told that it was not available even though it was sitting on the beach with the sail up. The last day we were bringing a catamaran in when there was a small cloudburst. Rather then help us drag the large boat up on the beach the staff huddled under a roof sipping coffee and watching us pull the boat on to the beach.ACTIVITIESVery poor. There were few organized activities and what they had was of no interest to my son or us. In comparison to a Beaches or a Club Med type resort the activities were nonexistent.GROUNDSBeautiful. Lush vegetation throughout and interesting wildlife. The lobby and bar areas were also very niceSHOWSTerrible. They were all in Spanish and not at all in interesting. GOLF Surprisingly nice. The course was conveniently located and in very good condition.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	3	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>FunFamilyNy
<Content>Loved this whole vacation Our party of seven just returned from 6 days at the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort in Punta Cana. We really enjoyed our stay. We got Royal Service, which I would highly recommend. The entire staff was courteous and helped to make our stay pleasant. The private Royal Service beach was beautiful with beds and umbrellas, plenty of lounges, palm trees, and private bar and waiter. We were not bothered by outside vendors hawking their wares as we were in the Bahamas. There were golf cart type trams to take you back and forth to the beach and the drivers almost always appeared out of nowhere when you needed a ride. This is a huge complex and unless you really like walking in extreme heat, you need the carts to get around. Royal Service had its own private pool (smaller than the other pools, but still nice) with the private Gabi Restaurant which we ate breakfast at every morning and once for dinner. We dined at the Italian Restaurant, El Guardia and had the most wonderful and entertaining waiter! The food was good, but a different variation of what we would consider Italian food in New York. We also ate at the Japanese restaurant which was excellent , the American Grill and the Marketplace. Most restaurants have a buffet as well as an ala carte menu and you can have both. Drinks were ever flowing. We were cautioned to use bottled water for drinking and also brushing of our teeth, which we did. No one in our party got sick. Bring plenty of sunscreen...a few of us got burnt even using SPF of 45! Our ages ranged from 9 to 50 plus and there was something for everyone. Men played golf twice and enjoyed it. Golf was free but it is $35 to rent the cart per person. Bring your own clubs, they are expensive to rent. The 9 year old celebrated his birthday there and it was easy to request a cake which came with the best rendition of happy birthday ever! Whole complex was clean and really loved the beautiful peacocks wandering the grounds as well as the flamingos.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rollinstonenewjersey
<Content>hotel wonderful experience horrible we stayed at the melia caribe tropical from april 17 to april 22 2008. the hotel was probably one of the most beautiful hotels i have ever stayed in however u MUST BE AWARE OF SICKNESS!!! my husband  i went w/our 3 children age 9, 6 2 myself my oldest and middle child got violently ill the last two days of trip so bad we ended up in the hospital w/dehydration 103.5 fever chills vomitting diarhhea u name it we had it!!! it was all SUPPOSEDLY from the pool water which is not cleaned w/chlorine and considering my husband and my 2 year old did not go in the pool i believe that's what it was. it is a very poor country and VERY VERY UNSANITARY!!! the hospital was FRIGHTENING!!! NO ONE SPOKE A WORD OF ENGLISH!!! so needless to say the hospital stay was not a good one. my 2 year old picked up a contact dermatitis from the towels or sheet we don't know what he was covered in red hives all over his face neck and arms. we travel quite a bit to the caribbean and we NEVER EVER had such a horrible experience as this trip!!! we will never leave the country again and if we do we will NEVER EVER EVER go to the Dominican Republic again!!!! EVER!!!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>1	4	3	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>NewYorkTravelchic
<Content>Amazing!!!! My husband and I just got back from DR, we stayed at Melia Caribe and stayed with Royal Service. It was our 4th time to DR, but the first time we stayed here. Check in at Royal Service was so fast, Angel and Stephanie were very nice. A bellman took us to our room, we were upgraded to the master suite: very clean. The royal service Gabi Bar and breakfast buffet was very nice. We are picky eaters but we could get made to order omlets and waffles. The pool was nice, the waitresses came around a lot, and you could get ice cream, hot dogs, hamburgers and chicken all day. The beach is beautiful, we walked down toward the flea market; we were hounded to buy things, but we polietly declined and they left us alone. We made reservations at the American Grill, Capri, French for dinner...really good, we hated LaGondola the Italian one. On Wednesday night they had a manager's cocktail party and they had about 20 vendors come and set up, so you could buy things. On Friday night, one of the bars near the American Grill turned into a night club, the music was great, there was a DJ; we did go to the disco; we were with 7 other couples and made our own good time. The barenders in the lobby bars were quick and made great drinks, but in the casino, they were a lot slower. The staff was very friendly, but they don't speak very much English so knowing some Spanish would be helpful. If you don't want to be around too many kids, request to be on the Caribe side, the kids area is on the Tropical side. This place is huge, so if you don't like to walk a lot, don't go here. We have traveled to other places, and we would go back to Melia Caribe in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ew76
<Content>Will Not Return My husband and I stayed at the resort 4/9 - 4/13 and opted for the Royal Service package. To start this review on a positive note, the property and grounds are well-kept and the Royal Service Pool was convenient and nice. Everything else was very disappointing. We found two huge cockroaches in our Royal Master Suite on consecutive days. The food was horrible and to top it off, both my husband and I got sick from something we ate which lasted for 3 days. Suffice to say, we will not be returning to this resort.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	2	3	3	

<Author>LindsayJac
<Content>Great Family Vacation       The resort  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Prudence89
<Content>Wow! Exceeded all our expectations       View as we ate our breakfast  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Disappointed1957
<Content>very disappointed Punta Cana, Dominican Republic: Melia Caribe Tropical- Very disappointedDate: April 2008Review: This was my first and last trip to this resort. When I was booking my room at this resort I found that if I paid extra I could have a room in the Royal Service area. Which offers additional amenities. It is a waste of your money to go with Royal service. When I arrived it wasn't until I approached someone before they began assigning my room and the rooms of the other people I was traveling with. I requested a pool side view and the room was facing the pool but it was nowhere in view. The Royal Service area is located to far from the beach. You can take a trolley car if you don't mind waiting 5 to 20 minuets or you can walk 15 minuets in the hot sun. In my room the first thing I saw was a basket of fruit that was left there from the previous guest. The lady who was supposed to clean my room would only clean it once a day at 4:30 in the afternoon and she would not replace items used. Such as coffee creamer. If I wanted to take more than one shower a day I had to reused my towel. In the bathroom I plugged in my blow dryer ( I rather use mine) and when I went to unplug it the whole socket came out of the wall. Neither me nor my husband could figure out why we could set the clock in the room and if we left the room and returned the clock would be blinking as if they lost power. The others in my party also had this problem. My son-in-law and daughter had a room next to me and when my son-in-law was is his bathroom he saw what he thought was dirt on the floor so he brushed it with his barefoot to find that it was not dirt but a rusted screw (where a door stopper used to be) which pierced his toe. So my daughter called the front desk and reported the problem. Where they offered No medical care. My daughter was told that the maintenance man would be there to repair the problem. After three days of calling the problem was never repaired. My other daughter and her boyfriend also had problems in they room. First problem was when the boy friend remove the towel from the rack in the bathroom to dry his face and the whole rack came off the wall. The next thing for them was their air conditioner was leaking water on the floor so they went to the front desk to report it. The good thing was they upgraded them to a suite. No complaints there.I found the worst thing about this place was this salesman kept at us to purchase time share. I mean every time I went to return a pool towel he was there to brother us. I kept telling him no thank you. Then he called my room to ask us to meet him. I said sorry not interested. The worst was when he showed up at my room and had the maid knot on my door. When I opened it he was behind her and again was asking to talk to us. At this point we were very angry so I just shut the door. This was our vacation. Excursions: Be careful some of them take only cash. They tell you the ride takes 15 minuets to get to your excursion when it took one hour and 10 minuets. In a open cattle truck. If you use your charge card make sure your credit card company doesn't charge to convert the peso. Restaurants: We ate French at Ma Maison which was great, El Guarapo Dominican very very slow service, Hokkaido Japanese another good one but the hardest to get reservation in. La Pagoda very very slow and not very good. The grounds were nice but still under construction. A lot of paths were mud. My husband was walking to dinner, through a path that was not lit up or roped off but was very muddy dew to sprinklers. And he ended up twisting his ankle.Overall it really was not what we anticipated and will not return.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>737Capt
<Content>Good value for an all inclusive We stayed at the Melia Tropical during the week of March 17, 2008. Our arrangements were made through an interline travel agency (we are airline employees), so we got a wonderful deal for three of us (couple and 14 yr old daughter). Upon our arrival at the D.R. Punta Cana Airport, you immediately sense that they will try to squeeze all the money possible out of you, starting with the pictures with two costumed women at the airport. We quickly refused them, and they did not seem to appreciate our bluntness much, nonetheless, we are glad we did. It was a $25 ride to the hotel, passing through some slums and finally arriving at this man made jungle they call the Melia conglomeration of resorts. We got to the lobby of the hotel, and immeidately someone accosted us to try to talk us into the famous '90 min presentation.' I knew they were going to do this, so again, I immediately refused (they did not like my reply, but it did not matter to us). My husband checked us all in, and again, another person--pretending they wanted t show us the grounds--diverted us to another desk where three men were waiting to sell us on their timeshare presentation. I stepped in, and told them again, that we did not come here to do any of that, I bluntly told them that we wanted to be left alone and not bothered, as our vacation was our own family time, not time for them. One of the men (he had very light skin features and blonde, almost bleached hair, really did not like my attitude, I could tell, but it worked, because they left us alone for the rest of the week). We speak fluent spanish, and I think that also helped set them straight. Nonetheless, by this time it was well past 3pm and our room was not ready (no surprise) so we headed to the Marketplace buffet for lunch. We were immediately surrounded by a bevy of waiters trying to vie for our attention and tips. we did bring about $250 in singles, which, I have to say, went a long way getting us better service. Our room was finally ready at about 5:30pm (this was worse than Mexico, folks!) but we found it to be spacious and comfortable, although it had virtually no drawer space and the beds were hard and uncomfortable and soooo small! We had two beds which were more twin size than full size (the spaniards apparently use smaller beds than us americans). Our room was located near the beach and the beachside grill so it was very convenient. WE never got to use the beach as the waves were very violent and the water arctic cold. The beautiful swimming pool was equally cold and we really just sat by the pool all week long. My husband had to get up at 6am every day to put a towel on some poolside chairs in order to secure us a place and even with that, most chairs were taken by 6am! I think people just left their towels there overnight and never removed them in order to secure the best poolside spots. We only met another family from the US while we were there, everyone was from Europe, Canada or another part of the world. In essence, it was nice, because we enjoy the dialogue and exchange with other cultures when we travel around the world, but be warned that the hotel caters to Europeans, allowing them to smoke everywhere and also go topless. We knew of these two situations beforehand, so were prepared. We are not smokers, but everywhere we went there were people smoking, even young teenagers, all we had to do was move to another side of the restaurant, lounge or wherever we happened to be. There was also no apparent drinking age minimum, so for those of you who are sensitive to this issue, be warned. As for the dining, we did enjoy the dominican restaurant, the american restaurant and the seafood restaurant. the menus are very, very small and llimited, and yes, the food is no 5-star quality, but remember that you are in an all inclusive facility and you get what you pay for. We did not expect top quality dining, but we thought the offerings were reasonably presented and prepared. The beverages were the downside, for us. Their local rums, horrible spaniard wines, and other non-brand-name spirits were appalling. We chose to buy better bottles of wine from their wine list (at a cost, of course) and better brands of spirits. What is included in their beverages is absolutely terrible. So if you enjoy a good bottle of wine or a properly prepared cocktail, prepare to shell out a few dollars, as these luxuries are not included. We spent a lot of time at their bar that is next to the show venue, and we have to say that the bartenders were wonderful, warm people. One of them, by the name of Jesus, was terrific, and we would return to him night after night. He was the highlight of the bar area. As for the nightly shows, they were entertaining and enjoyable. It is not Las Vegas, but they truly try their best to entertain you, so we really appreciated that. And yes, someone prior to us in these critiques said that 'one does not really know what is going on as far as activities, shows, etc. because nothing is posted.' That is correct, there is really no notification provided to guests, other than a small mural/board next to the train stop with limited information. I almost forgot to talk about the fact that we became very familiar with using the number '3000' while were guests at the hotel. You see, when you need to make a reservation, ask for extra towels, complain about something, or anything in the world, you pick up your room phone and dial 3000. It seems to be the magic number. You cannot dial individual departments for assistance, so time after time, we got the same indifferent women operators at extension 3000. On another note, please be aware that there is no room service in this part of the resort and also no internet. We--fortunately--had our laptop with us, and were able to buy some air time at their less-than-stellar so-called business center for a reasonable amount. However, internet connection there is so bad that we used up most of our air time trying to connect to the internet! Also, be aware of the 'friendly' folks running around the hotel with parrots, monkeys and other little creatures...they are not sharing their animals with you, they are trying to take your picture so that they can sell them to you at $10 each (cash only, by the way). Everywhere you turn, someone is trying to make a dime off of you. Even one evening, when we were strolling through an outdoor little market that some vendors had set up at the hotel, it was nauseating to even walk through it,, someone was constantly trying to sell you whatever they had, even though I told them clearly that we were just browsing. We did not purchase anything from them, instead, we picked up a few small things at the hotel's souvenir shop, and still spent over $160 in random little things...very, very expensive.Overall, I have to say the grounds of the hotel are beautiful, and yes, it is huge, and you will generally use the train to get around. Many of the employees were warm and attentive, and I also have to agree with a previous post that the girls who work at the Marketplace grill are cold and not very nice. We found dominican men to be much more friendly thant he women, most of the women have an air of superiority and arrogance about them, so we generally ignored them. The only women that were pleasant were the room maids, they were respectful and very cordial and so prompt whenever you needed something for the room. I am giving the resort a 3 star because we enjoyed the facilties and the experience, and for the value that we paid, we truly got a good vacation. It is not a 4 or 5 star resort, but most of the employees try hard to welcome you and make you feel comfortable, and folks, remember, this is a very poor country with limited resources, and they do the best they can under the circumstances.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Torontosunlovers
<Content>Dream resort come true       beautiful Gabi and Pool  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Iwanttobeonvacation
<Content>Would Recommend       Everyday was nicer than the next!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>shellster
<Content>Best Vacation Of My Life Arrived at night about 7:30 . The place is lit up so beautifully almost like a dream when we first saw it.The open lobby of the Tropical side is also lovely.Check in was quick it was only our group (9 people 4 teenagers 5 adults)We walked to our rooms( by choice) we could have had a ride in the golf carts or on the train but wanted to walk.we wre in building # 3 close to the buffet,pool kids club and beach.From the lobby and where the restaurants are it is about a 15 min stroll 10 mins if you are hoofing it.The whole walk there we were all very impressed with how nice the grounds were so nicely lit and well maintained.we got to our rooms and the luggage was there.We tipped the porters before we left the luggage with them.Rooms -The rooms were a little dated but very clean the whole 2 weeks we were there.I understand that the Caribe side has been refurbished.For us this did not dampen our spirits .The hotel is beautiful and maintaned so well.Everyday our chambermaid was great and cleaned and provided us with fresh towels and sometimes made animals out of the towels and several times we had hibiscus flowers left.We tipped her daily . I would go and find her and personally hand her our tip and say Gracias to her.I also took candy and gum so with the tip I gave her a treat.We had a family suite so it had a king bed and 2 singles in an alcove one of the singles had a single that pulled out from underneath so it could have slept 5 people.(we only has 4 )The boys said their beds were very comfy.Our king was also comfy.we had 2 TV's as well one in the alcove (plasma on the wall) and one smaller one on the dresser in front of the king bed.The kids watched TV in the evenings and seemed to find channels tath suited them.Closet space was good with a large double door mirrored closet to hang things and shelf space .Safe was also in here .Food- The resort has many choices and we really did not have abad meal.We loved the Thai restaurant .The Italian was Grandmas fav, ,Japenense also entertaining and tasty,The Dominican had a nice ambiance and great food.The American Grill was ok our least fav as to us it was something you could have anytime at home.The buffets were terrific with ample selections hot and fresh food.We would eat at the on e by the beach for breakfast and lunch and do the restaurants at night. Our servers at our buffet inthe day were amazing .We sat everyday in the corner overlooking the beach.Our servers were Rosa and Nilson who worked so well as a team and were friendly beyond words.I have aspecial place in my heart for my new friends I met in the Dominican.Tip them well .they work hard and are so appreciative and friendly.Reservations-I would phone 1 st thing after 9 am .I usually had no problem getting one in a restaurant.I never was picky as to which one so it helped.Also we walked up to the restaurants at night and kindly asked if they could accomadate us if we did not have a reservation and they usually got us in.Shows-They were all good .The fire show was awesome .The staff really do put alot of effort in to the shows and the are entertainig.Casino-Small.Grandam was the only one who used it and she had fun although she didnt win at all.Beach-My frined would get up everyday at aobut 8 and reserve our spot inder the Palapa .It seemed to work and everyone would have a chair .We walked and saw some resorts where people were laying on teh beach .Not so at teh Melia.It was full while wew were there and everyone between the pool and beach seeemed to have a chair.Overall-We had an amazing time .We loved the people and the hotel.To be fair we arent picky people but honestly if you cant enjoy yourself here then I really dont think it's the hotels problem it probably is that you are looking for somehting to complain about.The Melia was great.Any ?'s feel free to ask me.Shelley  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kdweidmann
<Content>Not What We Expected, But Not Bad Either We just returned from a trip to Punta Cana, at the Melia Caribe where we spent 7 nights with our three teenage children April 4 through the 11th. After looking at several reviews on Trip Advisor, we booked this trip in July of 2007. Overall, our trip was good; there were many positive aspects along with our trip along with some disappointments mostly pertaining to the poor service at the resort.We arrived late in the afternoon due to a 3 hour flight delay on our flight out of Atlanta to Punta Cana due to equipment issues with the plane. We arrived at the Melia around 5PM. To our surprise, there were not many people checking in at that time, but front desk service was extremely slow. We did not opt for Royal Service, but the man who checked us in sent us over to VIP to check-in. When we arrived at the VIP Lounge check-in desk, there was a great deal of confusion and we were sent back over to the regular check-in counter. We had requested a king room for ourselves and also a room with two double beds for the 3 teens. When the reservation was booked back in July, we had made this request and also requested the rooms were in the same building. This request had been guaranteed since the reservation was made eight months prior to traveling. They pulled the reservation and our room was in building 9 and the teens were located in building 12. The response was that that was the best they could do. I told them we wouldn鈥檛 accept that room placement. So they started working on trying to find two rooms in the same building. After approximately 45 minutes they found two rooms in building 9鈥?Imagine that? However, when we went to those rooms, we found they both had king beds which would not work. So鈥nother 15 minute trip back to the front desk and another hour to get us two rooms in the same building; one with a king and one with two double beds.When we got the keys, I went to the bell cap and clearly marked on each bag鈥檚 airline tag where each bag was to go. We went to the rooms to freshen up and make a run at the buffets. After dinner, I checked with the bellman to see if the bags were delivered to the room and he couldn鈥檛 tell me. Finally after about a half hour, he confirmed the bags were delivered. As for the resort, the grounds were very immaculate and well-kept. There was an abundance of trees, exotic foliage, flowers, birds and other wildlife. It was most likely the most beautiful resort we ever visited. The property itself, including the lobby and rooms were well kept and very clean. The lobby and dining areas were beautiful and kept very clean. The rooms were a little dated, but overall were clean and very well kept with a few exceptions. The safe in the teen鈥檚 room did not work and it took three days to get it fixed. There were two days where we had to call service because the shower in their bath did not work. The last few days, condensation from the vent in their room dripped quite a bit. It was more of an issue with the air conditioning running all of the time due to the heat and was probably working harder than usual. Housekeeping could have been a little more consistent in the sense there were a couple of days where we had to call for towels or water and pop for the mini fridges. Finally, we found the closet in each building where the pop and water were stored and filled the mini fridges ourselves. The dining and food was quite good for an all inclusive. Even the three buffets that we ate at were good and had a lot of variety and daily changes to the offerings which is not the norm for buffets at an all-inclusive. Wait staff at the buffets was not very good and usually you had to either wait ten minutes for drinks or request them. Our experience at the ala cartes was very good. We dined at the Japanese, Dominican, Mexican, Thai / Asian, American Grille the Seafood and the French restaurants and all were very good to excellent. The food was very flavorful and there was a nice variety of choices on all of the menus. Our three favorites were the Japanese, Seafood and the Thai restaurants. The Japanese restaurant was quite entertaining as well, and the service outstanding.As for reservations for the al cartes, be prepared to dial repeatedly beginning at 9 AM to get through and then find that most of the prime time slots are already gone especially with the popular restaurants such as the Japanese. You can make reservations for the current evening that morning and also for the next evening, so we usually lined up a couple of evenings at a time. You can call after 1:30 PM each day and check on cancellations and that helped us on a couple of days. There is an abundance of bars on the property and the bar and wait staff at all bars were friendly and worked hard to keep you happy. Drinks were not great, but not entirely bad either. The beer on tap was Presidente from the Dominican Republic which was good. The frozen drinks were dispensed from a frozen drink machine in a cup on top of Rum, Tequila, or other alcohol. Often, they were very runny, especially late in the day after the heat took its toll on the machines. But overall the drinks were good and they were always in abundance. Our only disappointment regarding the bars and drinks was that there was no bar at the beach. If you were at the beach and wanted to drink, you had to walk to one of the pools which was a 5 minute walk. The pools were very spacious in size and kept very clean. The two pools closest to the beach had a lot of chairs available as well as a swim up bar at each. The pool on the tropical side tended to have a lot of young children there because of the close proximity to the Flintstones part of the resort. The Tropical side had more adults there. There was a lack of organized activity at the pools for teens and adults such as water volleyball, etc. so that was somewhat disappointing. The beach was out of this world. It was very large with trees and beautiful white sand. There were an abundance of lounge chairs on the beach along with a couple of beach volleyball and bocce courts. Stay away from the vendors on the beach as there are better buys on the same items at the mall in front of the resort or at the local market. Scuba Caribe has a location on the beach at the resort and can offer some options that the tour operators in the resort lobby do not, such as a two hour scuba trip to the reef, and these trips are less expensive than booking through the guys in the lobby.There was nightly entertainment each night including a show each night at the Caribe. There was also live music and/or karaoke each evening. It was pretty difficult to be bored at this resort as there were many options to choose from. The golf at El Cocotal is very nice and scenic. There are 27 holes that are very challenging and many of the holes have a lot of sand on them. The golf is free with the package except for the cart which is $35 per person. There is regular transportation to the course and back to the resort. Service at the course, however, is lacking and confusion reigns rampant. Tee time spacings were often too close and the course usually backed up by the time you started the back nine. A round of 5 陆 to 6 hours is not uncommon on this course even with a 27 hole layout.Finally, stay away from the timeshare pimps in the lobby and at the entrance to the buffets by the pools. They press hard to get you to go to the 90 minute presentation. We had no intentions of going through a presentation, but one of the guys said, just get up after 20 minutes and they鈥檒l still give you the $70 gift certificate鈥?wrong!Overall, our trip experience was good, but not great or what we had expected. If you don鈥檛 have a problem with slower service, then you will probably be ok. We were very disappointed with the service levels here. If you are looking for an older adult crowd, this is probably not the best resort in Punta Cana to plan your stay. This is an excellent resort for those with young children, but there is a fairly good cross section of all age levels but families with young children are dominate especially since our trip was during spring break and also the Canadian holiday. We met some great people here, including Al and Julie, a fun couple from New Hampshire. We had drinks with them on a couple of occasions and shared a lot of laughs and Good Company. If it wasn鈥檛 for the all of the problems that we had the first two days, this would have been a truly wonderful experience. First impressions do make a difference, but we did have a good time and our kids really enjoyed it, especially since they had never stayed at an all inclusive so they had nothing to compare it to.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	1	3	4	

<Author>ontariopappy
<Content>Friendly and Clean This place was above average and although some rooms were better than others, I'm not so sure I would call it a 5 star resort but you're not likely to be disappointed. It was definitely very clean and the grounds including swimming pools and beach area were outstanding. No problems getting loungers either. The restaurants were all satisfactory to above average depending on your tastes and expectations but the reservation process is a bit of a pain. You can reserve two ways but both are by phone. Same day reservations must be done between 9am and 5pm and you are to call the reservation hotline ext 6313. Do it early if you are after the Japanese restaurant. You can only book ONE day in advance and that can only be done the day before but after 5pm and before 9pm. If the resort is busy, the more popular restaurants will book fast. Royal Service guests need not worry about this. There are tables put aside for RS guests. The most favourable compliment I can gove this location is the friendliness of all the staff and their desire to help you during your stay. Take plenty of ones...they deserve it. Nightly entertainment is okay. There is usually some live entertainment somewhere at the two lobby bars and then the disco and casino are available afterwards.One thing to have a heads up about is the Punta Cana Airport. If you depart from Punta Cana on a Thursday, Friday or SATURDAY be sure to give yourself plenty of time. Typically guest services will advise you to leave for the airport 3 hours in advance. On busy days, you'll need it. Airport security PHYSICALLY inspects all luggage right in front of you (and everyone else) so be careful what you pack and be sure to check your modesty at the entrance to the airport because they may be a lot of things but discreet isn't one of them.This is my second visit to this country and the Dominican people are as friendly and considerate as ever. I wouldn't hesitate returning to this country or this resort in the future but I would definitely avoid prime arrival and departure days and times to avoid the airport madness..  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Max097
<Content>Wow...and about negative reviews... Spent the first week in April at the Melia and was impressed. It exceeded expectations.I was concerned due to negative reviews. Although some are legit, reasons for others may be that some people feel superior when they complain,some people are just bitter and complain about everything, and some choose the wrong season.I had chosen this date due to weather and that it was not one of their busy seasons.Flew USA3000 in a direct flight. Nice and easy. Checked in at 1 PM. Person in front of me was on their fourth trip here, person behind was on their third. Check-in took 10 minutes but had to wait until 3 for the room. Enough time to orient yourself to both lobby areas, have lunch and a drink. Got key at 3, went straight to room, luggage arrived 10 minutes later.The facility is quite beatiful with a lot of open air designs. The architect, Alvaro Sans, is well-known and reminds me of some Frank Lloyd Wright elements. An impressive, well-kept facility.Since this was NOT the busy season, the staff was great, very freindly and attentive. We got more rides on golf carts than on the tram. Never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a ride.Room: We had upgraded to Suite with pool view. It was one of the nicer resort rooms I have had (just like in the website photos). Requested 2nd floor, close to beach. Wow. Second room from beach, Building 36. 50 feet from beach, 75 feet from pool. From balcony, looked to left and saw the ocean through the palms, straight ahead, the pool.I am an early riser so I got a palpaya(?) (frond umbrella) then did some laps at the pool early in the morning. Spent virtually the entire day on the beach. Gorgeous beach and water.Ate at Thai, Japanese, French, seafood, and American restaurants. I was ordering Grouper at the Thai but the head waiter recommended a spicy shrimp dish. It was excellent and they brought the grouper as an appetizer. We had service like this everywhere we went. Beachside buffets were quite convenient. I thought 90% of the food was very good. Far superior to any cruise/ most convention type food. Maybe not North American standards but, after all, you are not in Kansas anymore. Buffets had omlet stations in the AM. Market Place buffet usually had chicken, fish and beef being cooked so all you had to do is wait a couple of minutes for fresh-off-the-grill food. American was my least favorite. All food was enjoyable.The day we left, we received a phone call asking if they could pick up our luggage. They were there within 15 minutes. Check out was immediate. I took a taxi to the airport. It was there within 10 minutes of the call.Since you are in the tropics, the weather does not change much. I would expect the daily lows are warmer in July/ August which may not be as pleasant with the open air design and layout. We enjoyed the warm days, cooler nights.I would highly recommend the Melia. I would, and did, choose a not so busy season. The two busy seasons may stress both the staff and the facility, causing short tempers with the tourists (which usually feeds on itself).This was one of my most enjoyable vacations  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>103198
<Content>loved it stayed at the melia from 4/3-4/10. great time. Worried when reading reviews. None true. have 3 kids ages 7, 4, and 2 and stayed in family suite. We were on the tropical side, room 0114, if your'e going, ask to be on tropical side, rooms 1-4, close to beach, pool, and buffet. Room clean, but beds were a little hard but your'e so tired it doesn't matter. Did not have royal service, didn't need it. The food was good (not fantastic) although better than expected. got into a restaurant every night, except japanese. kids probably wouldn't eat there anyway. call after 9:00am each day for next day reservation (not a big deal). buffets just as good. grounds of hotel are gorgeous. is huge, but never had a problem waiting for train, in fact kids loved it. beach is unbelievable, always chairs and shade even at pool. staff is friendly and helpful, and enjoy getting tipped (bring dollar bills for tipping and extra cash for extra activities. won;t be able to charge anything to room. entertainment every night, even for kids. only thing i higly recommend is bringing swimsuits and a change of clothes on carry on cuz aa lost our luggage for 2 days. a nightmare with 3 kids. expedia representative was not helpful at ALL, don't count on them to help you. Don't book transportation to/from airport with them because a taxi is only $25, cheaper and faster. when you get to the airport there is a tax of $10 per person that you do not have to pay because you book through expedia ( tell the people at the airport that), they'll also try to get you with a tax of $20 on the way out of the country. Again just tell them your'e with expedia. Overall, great place for families and will definitely go back. Go with open mind and remember not to rush. people here are very respectful if you treat them with respect. And remember your'e in paradise!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>2boysmomGeorgia
<Content>Gorgeous and relaxing After reading prior reviews on this site, I was a little worried, but found most of the complaints to be unfounded happily! We arrived to a gorgeous property-palm trees, flowers, flamingos and fountains all screaming paradise. The check in process was quick and we were immediately shuttled to our room on the royal services side. We found all we needed within comfortable walking distance, including pools, restaurants, and the beautiful sugar sand beach. If we were tired, a tram was always driving by to pick people up within a few minutes. We found the pool open and many seats and a few palapas (the covered beds by the pool) accessible for our family. The service at the restaurant, the check in and the pool was friendly and although not always prompt, found whatever we asked for. The GABI restaurant was a beautiful open air buffet (food kept in an air conditioned room) and served a more European food selection that was a little out of the ordinary ,but was easy for my boys to find something they liked for breakfast. We usually ate lunches by the pool and the snack bar offered kid friendly fare such as pizza, hot dogs, nachos, etc.. Dinner reservations were a bit trickier as our extended family had 11 people, including 3 under 4 years old. Some restaurants had us split the party into 2 groups, which was a little disappointing. We ate at the Japanese restaurant, the International and the Capri seafood restaurants. The food was beautifully presented and the ambiance of the rooms was very warm and elegant, however, the flavors were quite bland. On the plus side, the desserts were small servings, so we could indulge without too much guilt. The amenities were great for the kids (mine are 9 and almost 13). We didn't utilize the kids club, but heard good things from other visitors we met. We spent most of the time in the pools and at the beach. We also tried the zip line obstacle course and the bungee trampolines-lots of fun, about 16.00 US for both. The times vary for who can use the courses (adults different times and days vs. the kids) and it goes by size as well (my 13 year old couldn't go at the same time as my 9 year old due to height). The staff were encouraging and fun on these courses too and safety is taken seriously. The resort doesn't advertise about the times or events on the property very well-we found out too late that yoga was offered by the pool on certain days and merengue dance lessons were held at another pool, after the fact. There was also a market of island wares one eveing in the lobby-lots of jewelry, carvings, etc.. It is a little overwhelming and they expect you to bargain, so be prepared. There is a lot to do on the property if you can find out when and where!! Ask for what is available when you check in, so you know and can plan accordingly.Our room was very nice with a large shower and jacuzzi tub. We had a separate bedroom with a king bed and a pull out couch in the sitting room. The mattresses are very thin, so be prepared! My boys were happily surprised to find cartoon network in English available and I enjoyed the stereo in the room with local music on the few times we were actually in the room. They also supplied bottled water, club soda, Presidente beer , sodas and yummy strawberry-kiwi juice in the fridge for us. We used the water a lot for brushing teeth (just in case). No one suffered any tummy trouble on this adventure thankfully. There was a small balcony off the sitting area that afforded a beautiful view of the property as well. We only spotted one bug in our room (a complaint on other postings) but not anything unusual for a warm, tropical island! Pack lots of sunscreen as the sun is much stronger than it feels, due to the constant breeze. If you have to buy it there, it is very, very expensive. Also, almost everyone speaks some English at the resort, but they are very encouraging of attempts at Spanish by the kids and the adults (although I am sure they got a few laughs over our pronunciations!) We also had the opportunity to meet people from all over the world who were staying on the property as well. Overall, we had a wonderful experience and would head back to Punta Cana again!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>jeannepatricia
<Content>Not for the luxury traveller       me at the Gabi Club  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	1	3	

<Author>silversneaker
<Content>Beautiful property April 6 - 10 - Melia Caribe - Royal ServicesImmaculate and beautiful grounds...no bugs...just peacocks, flamingos, egrets, woodpeckers, turtles, and beautiful flowers and shrubs. Took the transportation provided from the airport (see note below regarding this) and it was better than expected although when the driver announced Melia Caribe and we got off, he didn't seem to know there was a separate check-in for Royal Services so we boarded the bus again and was taken to the VIP Lobby. Check-in went very smoothly and although we had booked Royal Services, our room was upgraded as was the other two family members' rooms. We travelled with 5 other adults, with children 13, 9, 3, 15 months and 9 months. The adults with the 3 yr and 9 month children had RS one bedroom suite which they felt was a wise choice given it afforded them the much needed space. All rooms were very nice and clean. The pull out sofa mattresses for sleeping were a bit thin so an adult or teenager might find it uncomfortable. Pools and beach were wonderful but if you want to get a thatched covered bed by the pool, be prepared to be there before 6a.m. as people tend to place their belongings on the large beds to hold their spot even though they may spend the majority of the day at the beach and only return to the pool later in the day. We didn't find the on-property transporation any problem and walking was great as it gives you an opportunity to explore the grounds. We were approached (very gently) by only one timeshare sales person...no problem for us. The restaurant facilities were very good providing a nice atmosphere....loved the Gabi restaurant open air experience with a multitude of illuminated candles and stars at night. Pool bar was very relaxing with nice selection of brands. It's difficult to find out what is going on, parcticularly in the evening (if anything) as they do not provide a daily listing of activities. We weren't aware that the zip line and other things in that particular area are designated for certain times for youngsters and adults and is not open all of the time. Food was probably the most disappointing. The presentation (eye appeal) was top notch but the actual food was less than anticipated. We ate at the Gabi, the International, the Seafood (wouldn't recommend this one) and the Japanese. Since the Japanese is the most highly sought after reservation we looked forward to it. It was very entertaining but again, not really anything outstanding just average. All in all, you can definitely find something to your liking but don't expect quality or gourmet food.The other real issue we had was the fact that we asked for extra pillows (which they did bring). However, they took them back the next day when they cleaned the room and we again had to request them...this happend two days in a row and we finally decided to hide them so they couldn't take them back....that worked!!Oh, when you arrive at the airport make sure you know which Tour Operator you are booked with as it can be somewhat confusing to find where you should be boarding your transportation to the hotel.All in all, it was a pleasant experience. I would have to say it is not 5 star quality due to the food and the lack of communication regarding any activities.We never felt there were large amounts of people on the property at any time although I understand it was pretty full.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lite_reading313ny
<Content>Beautiful grounds- everything else is sub-standard My friends and I planned a 2 week stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana through Expedia. Everything was included- transportation to and from, airfare, hotel etc. We read many good reviews and some bad ones but decided to go with this one because of the price and the beautiful pictures. There was a total of 10 people aged 19-36, 2 singles and 4 couples. Upon touchdown at the airport, which really looked like a third world airport we were forced to pay $10 per person entry fee for a stamp in our passport, after waiting 2 hours in long lines of all the other people waiting to get that stamp. Let me tell you- there is no airconditioning and it is very hot and musty in DR. After that nightmare, we went on our bus to be driven to the hotel. The bus which made about 6 stops, took over 2 hours. We went to the RS check-in which bypassed all the lines and they told us we could go straight to the Royal Service lounge and check in. OK we did, but we had to carry our own bags- not something from a 5 star hotel/resort. We didn't complain. Upon arriving in the Royal Service lounge, we were notified that our rooms had been double booked. Not a big deal as we have experienced this before in even 5 star hotels around the world. However, when they could not verify our information and blamed the confusion on us and left us to make our own telephone calls to Expedia we flipped out. But surprise surprise- we were not the only ones there with the same problem. Two other couples were arguing with the manager (a real B ****) because they were charged for calls they never made and because they had such a terrible time there! We waited 4 hours until matters got cleared up and they verified us! 4 HOURS! NO APOLGY, NO DISCOUNTS OR UPGRADES and we got no compensation! In any event, they took our bags to the rooms (Building 5, rooms 5206-5214 if I remeber correctly) and we got on a golf cart to move 100 feet to the other side of the pool. They took the long way! In the room, the A/C was OFF and the room was musty and hot and sticky. Not 5 star, not even 3 star service. Before the bell boy put the bags down he had his hand out for money. We gave him $1 each- $1 too much. That was the start of a bad trip- one that we cut short from two weeks to 9 days! Here's the summary-Grounds- very clean and beautiful. The pools are great. Very clean. The pathways can be very slippery so be careful. The grounds are HUGE! You need 20-30 minutes to walk from one side to the other and everywhere is clean. They have a trolly train that goes arounf from time to time and you see many workers on motor scooters but they puff black cancer causing smoke into the air. Rooms- clean sheets and bedding. Comfortable mattress. We had 2 small flat screen TV's which were ok but no so clear and only had 8 channels. The bathroom was very big and nicely designed. The jaccuzzi bath is large and new. The seperate shower w/ glass door was very nice but there was some mold around the bottom tiles and mold around the sink. For the most part the room was ok, 4 star. The A/C does not work all the time. At one time the A/C cut out in the middle of the night and they repaird it by lunch the next day but it still was never cool in the room. Also it is very humid and sticky so your clothes does not dry- in fact it always feels damp and musty. A nice point was the RS has a pillow menu with different pillows but they book quick and you can only get 1 type per room. Also with Royal service they pick you up with Golf carts- LOL it a joke. You would be lucky if you seen one that will pick you up every 5 hours! BTW, RS gives you a special braclet to wear and when the driver sees this they are supposed to pick you up- MOST of them just ignore you. Food- HORRIBLE. And that is not just my opinion but all of the guests that were with us. Each of us became sick at least 1 night during the first 4 days- vomiting and diarrhea. Pepto Bismol costs $20! CAUTION- the store there is the biggest rip off ever. We ate in:-La gondola- ok italian and the best restaurant there-Ma Masion- French food gone bad- we probably got sick there-The American Grill- terrible-La Hacienda- bland, boring and small portions-Hokkaido- Japanese food thats not real Japanese and poor quality- we also got sick from thisService- HORRIBLE. We give service 1 star. It takes 2 hours to have our door unlocked when the lock battery died! Not acceptable.Value- it rates poor, 1 star. We left feeling ripped off. The price is good when looking for 5 star service but you really get 2 star service. The managers are RUDE and don't care about you. They have no concept of what it means to serve. I think part of the problem is they are poor Dominicans and they look at Americans as rich spoiled brats and they feel they don't have to serve you-- that being said, NOT EVERYONE was bad. Some workers actually worked hard and we gave them a $10 per day tip.Everyone else, from house cleaning to guest services is rude and they ONLY want your money. Do not go on any excursions. We went on a quad excursion for $90 each for a 6 hour tour- what we got was broken quads with non-function brakes that were downright dangerous. In the end, we would NEVER go to this hotel or any Sol Melia resort anywhere in the world after what we went through. The whole reason I am writing this is because of this experience and because after writing several letters to complain we got NO RESPONSE from anyone in the actualy hotel- we did get a response from corporate and they gave us a free 3 night stay with any 3 night purchase- thanks but no thanks. Even if they paid for the entire trip we would say NO WAY JOSE!If you are used to 1 star service this may be an upgrade for you- its 2 star overall including the beautiful grounds. Avoid this place at all costs if you have experienced other good places around the world. This has to be the absolute 2nd worst place (after World of Wonders Resort in Turkey which takes honors as the WORST PLACE ON EARTH)Sol Melia, we award you 2nd place for the WORST VACATION EXPERIENCE EVER. Congrats.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>BrookeNewBrunswick
<Content>Loved this place! My husband and I returned home on March 30 after spending a great week here! We had no problem with check in although we didn't arrive until 1AM - flight delay. We golfed 4 days and thoroughly enjoyed the course (3 - 9's) Shuttle service was on a regular basis and leaving our clubs at the clubhouse for the week was most convenient. We found the food to be excellent. We ate at 3 A La Carte restaurants and had no trouble making reservations after 1:30 PM - the RS get first dibs prior to this time. We ate breakfast at the Marketplace every morning and enjoyed other meals there. Service was wonderful. Reading some other reviews makes me wonder if people with complaints realize how far a smile or friendly nod can go - you get what you give:)We had a super week - met a lot of nice people and wouldn't hesitate to return.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>deandec
<Content>First rate massive resort We researched a trip for our family, my wife's brother's family and my mother in law. A travel agent put us on to the Melia Caribe Tropical and he was absolutely right. We travel quite a bit but don't do a lot of all inclusive resorts. The Melia was far and away nicer than any of the other ones we've stayed at. The price was very good for a 4 star and we read the reviews extensively on Travelocity and TripAdvisor. The reviews are correct that the place is massive. Two large mirror image reosrts combined in to one. Massive but easy to get around if you don't mind walking and if not the trolley is easy and pretty regular. My sister in law had read that the reservation only restaurants are a must try. We went to a couple of them but then decided that we prefered the excellent buffets instead. Easier faster, much more selection and different every night. I live in NYC so going out to restaurants and making reservations isn't that special. the food is essentially coming out of the same kitchens anyway. The bars are great with top shelf liquor. House wine was fine says my wife. Overall the place is very taseful and beautifully laid out and maintained. Our room was large and clean and we enjoyed it greatly. My mother in law's room was nice but did smell very musty. That aside I'd have to say I have no complaints and would heartily recommend the place to anyone looking for this kind of trip. I booked online and for 8 days / 7 nights the hotel worked out to be about the same cost as the plane. For me, my wife and 9 year old it was about $3.5k total. Great deal. Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>dudly2rite
<Content>Huge complex, but not overwelming Arrived Sunday a.m.(03-30-08) four hours before check-in. They gave us our wrist bands so we could eat and use facilities while waiting for our rooms. Beds were very comfortable and they had extra pillows. Beer is El Presidente draught served in 8oz. plastic cups. Limited supply of premo liquor.Many people brought there own mugs, and they filled them all, regardless of size. Food was way better than we expected. The restaurants are worth making reservations for: Japanese first,Capri second, Mexican third.Don't bother with the American Grill, the buffet steaks were just as good. Beach lounge chairs last til 9:30 to entire day depending on the wind, and it always blows, day and night. Out of our 7 day stay, 3 of them were red flag days.6 of 7 days were sunny and all 7 were warm.Our 2 teenage daughters, 16/17 thought the nighttime activities lacked big time. Casino old and dated; 21, roulette,slots.Place is huge, but hardly ever had to wait for anything.Landscaping very nice and extensive.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plymouthMinnesota
<Content>Royal Service the only way to go................ My husband and I traveled from Minneapolis with our two boys who are 11 and 12 to Punta Cana for Spring Break from March 22nd to the 29th. We were in the Royal Service and it was worth every penny! We enjoyed the beach and service from Santiago every day. We caught on the first day to reserve a palapa for shade by 7:00am but so enjoyed the wake up call and the quiet stroll to the beach. I would walk back and head to the Royal Service lounge for my cappucino and Miami Herald to relax. Then off to the lovely Gabi restaurant which was right across from our Villa 49 for breakfast. The mango smoothies that they would make for me were fabulous as I now make them at home every morning.This restaurant had the best food of the entire resort. We enjoyed ordering a la carte for lunch and dinner. We especially liked the tempura lobster and grilled lobster selections. We tried the Thai, Japanese, French and Dominican restaurants. We had no problem securing reservations but still preferred walking into the Gabi for the finest food and service at anytme. Another perk of the Royal Service was the beautiful RS pool. Our boys loved the option to enjoy the Caribe pool (didn't care about the Tropical pool )but favored the Royal Service pool because they could eat homemade pizza, rotisserie chicken, hamburgersfrench fries, nachos and indulge in the soft serve ice cream machine poolside anytime during the day. They were treated like kings!! They became fast friends with other siblings from New Jersey as we so enjoyed their parents and went out together as couples to the French Restaurant one evening as our kids ordered room service together. (Another perk of Royal Service.)I was truly spoiled by our butler, Pablo who prepared our jacuzzi tub every evening for me at my requested time with mint or coconut with beautiful flowers on top of all of the bubbles. I sure miss that at home!!!Believe it or not we were so relaxed that we sought out the Vacation Club 90 minute presentation from 4:00-5:30pm one evening to become educated about the Sol Melia VC and understand the differences between that and a timeshare. We left with a better understanding and $100.00 of money that we spent parasailing the next day with our boys! Our boys also enjoyed trying the Banana Boats with their new found friends which we were thrilled that they were comfortable exploring etc... One day my twelve year old son and I headed for the beautiful Country Club at 4:00pm where he played 18 holes of golf. His green fees were included with our stay so he rented brand new clubs for $36.00, $2l.00 for his cart fee and $10.00 for my cart fee.I let him drive the golf cart the whole time since I thought this was a great time for him to learn. We didn't have anyone in front of us or behind us. The course was spectacular and so was his game!Another day we all played tennis with rackets and balls that they provided us free of charge. It was a great way to break up the day from about 3:00 to 4:30pm when we were ready for a diversion from the pool. Then it was great to jump back in the pool to cool off after a few sets. We passed on any excursions as we have done those type of things when we took a week long cruise with Disney. We just wanted to truly enjoy the resort and relax at the beach and pool.As far as transportation to and from the beach. We were instructed to call ext. 6151 when we wanted a ride and they would be there for us. They always responded right away so we never had to wait. Our last day I did get up at 6:00am to reserve a palapa by the pool and then went back to bed for an hour. We enjoyed napping, playing games, reading etc...and leaving our belongings there when we played tennis only to have it waiting for us when we returned. Everyday we would return from the beach to the pool at about 3:00pm and find an empty palapa by the pool and spend the rest of the day relaxing until 6:00pm. It was a joy to then head for the villa to find our jacuzzi waiting for us to soak! My husband and I really enjoyed the entertainment at night and our boys would be ready to relax after dinner and a tough day and the beach or pool playing and eating til their hearts content so they loved being tucked in and enjoying the large plasma screen t.v. (Master Suite) while we checked out the stage shows at 10:00pm each evening. Also in the evening before dinner we would partake in the Royal Service lounge delicious appetizers and premium drinks and play dominoes with our boys before going to our restaurant with them. Both of our boys eat just about everything so they really liked the variety and took advantage of the wide selection of food.Every good vacation has to come to an end but we were certainly relaxed and accomplished what we had set out to do. We agreed that we would not have been happy as a guest outside of the Royal Service category. All the extra perks and Royal Service, was worth it and we would highly recommend this trip to anyone!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bauernfeind
<Content>Large and well run, a mixed blessing for families with small children This is a very large resort with a beautiful beach and overall good to very good facilities. The not too large rooms are in villas and spread out over a wide campus, there is some beautiful park in the middle, and the Lobby/Restaurant area in front is connected with the bulk of the villas and the beach by a Diesel train. Distances are long, which makes getting around a little bit challenging (e.g if you are in a Restaurant, you cannot simply hop back to your room) . If you live in a a real suite (we considered upgrading with our children age 3 and 5), you will be quite far away form the beach and the kid's club (that's wh we didn't do that). I wonder why there are so few resorts with some rooms equipped with a bunkbed which you can separate from the rest of the room with a half wall and/or a curtain - the gained privacy certainly would be great ....Some thoughts:-buffet food overall very good, especially the fresh seafood-a la carte restaurants: no limits for reservations, but the reservation system can be a hassle (call in from 9 am), esp. for the Japanese place which tends to book out within 30 minutes, and lines are always busy from 9-9:30 am. The italian place La Gondola is average (not comparable to an upscale big city italian place), the coveted japanese place offers the entertainment of watching the chef in front of you, but food is average (so don't be sad if you miss it if you can visit a good Japanese place in e.g Chicago). I found some most dishes in the Dominican restaurant excellent.-pools: nice; some slides for the kids would be great-beach: can't be much better-kid's club: up to 4 ys, well staffed day care with a/c, toys and TV-5 and up: good activity program from 10 to 5 pm, also kid's disco at night. -no good playground (swing set etc.), and it is missed-sports: little beach- and very little water volleyball when we were there (in some resorts, some courts are busy most of the time). I played some tennis, there were 2 pros and a helper who hits with you for free if you don't have a partner (3.5 level), lessons are U$ 20/hr, clay courts are uneven, would try the asphalt courts. Overall very nice hotel - but we will try to find a smaller resort with shorter distances next time (although the trend seems to go towards the huge places). Some extra fees can be slightly annoying, at least for an upscale all inclusive: room safe U$ 2/day, kid's club was repeatedly 10 U$ (once for a paintable T -shirt and once for a fancy trampoline), and I think the climbing wall was 10 Dollars too.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Thefizdiz
<Content>Confusion in @ Melia We arrived at the resort and we were with 30 other people in our group. We booked 6 months in advance so that we could be close together, hopefully in 3 of 4 buildings next to each other. When we checked in, we were advised that the hotel overbooked and we would be upgraded to the Royal Service. Another family we were with was told the same thing. We requested not to be in Royal Service so we could be close to all our friends who were put in buildings 1,2 and 3, which was at the other end of the resort (25 minute walk). We were told, that is not possible. I told my wife let's just check it out and we could take the trains or walk to be with the group. We went to the room and it was a basic Hotel room with a couch and a 13 TV. We could not figure out how to work the lights and the bathrron was old and the beds were hard.That night in the Casino, I spoke to another guest who was in the same situation, but his room was super nice with a jucuzzi and all the upgrades. We woke up the next day and decided that we really needed to change rooms (all are friends had family suites with flat screens and really loved the rooms). We went to Royal Service to request the change. He took me to the front desk to speak to the manager (It took 2 hours and they were insulted we wanted to downgrade from the Royal Service). They told us that they could put us in building 1 with all of our friends, but the room would not be ready for a few hours. We said fine and could they help us with our luggage and have a golf cart pick us up. They told us it would not be for a while and it was now around noon that day. So we went back to the room and packed it up and dragged five large suitecases passed a wedding cerimony to the lobby for the bellman (I figured I could do their job for them). We went back to the beach with our friends and hung out until the room was ready.The grounds were beautiful, the food and service were wonderful. We tipped really well and the bartenders took care of us and accomodated every request. We were close to the pool and beach and it made it really easy for all of us to be together. Overall this resort was above average and outside of check in, we would recommed to our friends..  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>JST2grls
<Content>Traveled a bunch...this is the best My friend and I just returned on Friday. Flew Air Transat also. Slight delay when leaving Toronto, but no great hurdles. I was nervous because we have had bad experiences with Transat before. This time all went well.The resort....one of the most beautiful resorts we have ever been to. My friend and I travel for pleasure every 6 weeks during the winter months. This was the best. Yes it is a large resort. The trams were either on 'our' schedule or we were incredibly lucky. If no train is there, walk a little. Once you get your barings, the resort is not all that big.Everything is laid out perfectly.The beach goes on forever and is raked every morning by a sea of men dressed in green. Beautiful clean white sand. NO BUGS. At least we didn't see or feel any.We stayed in a regular room. Not Royal service. We met several people in RS and they didn't really have any better perks than us.Our room was very comfortable and cleaned every day.We left our maid a small tip and some perfume samples( the ones they give you here whenever you make a cosmetic purchase. We save them and take them on vacation to give away)She left us fresh flowers and extra towels.The food...Very good!! Each morning it took about 8 mins to make a dinner reservation in one of the a la carts. We ate at everyone we wanted too and still didn't get to them all. Every meal was enjoyable.Just remember 'steak in the islands is different than steak at home'..and you will be fine.The beach buffet for breakfast and lunch was more than enough. The Market place buffet offered more choices and we did wander to it a couple mornings. Tip the servers and omlet guy a small amount and be happy all week. Remember our income in one week is more than they make in two months. Entertainment...Everynight they offer a theater type show. It lasts about 45 mins- 1 hour and is very entertaining. Don't miss the circus, magician. or the night the band doesn't show up so all the kitchen cooks sing and dance for you. Excellent!!Dancing is offered in the lobby bar after the show. Try it!!! Such fun. Tip the bartender when you start out and you will be happy all week.I know I say tip, tip, tip...but we spent less that $100 US all week and everyone was very appreciative A little bit goes a long way!The grounds...so beautiful!! Green. Lush. Flowers everywhere!!And people taking care of things. This resort is not lacking in staff. We found everyone very polite.A very polite 'No thankyou' and explanation that we were not going to buy on our first morning to the timeshare people and we were not bothered by them again.Golf...my friend played 4 times in one week and enjoyed every game. Just pick up a ticket from Guest services and they pick up the green fees. We loved the resort. What more can I say!!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oceanviewNovaScotia
<Content>the best vacation ever i stayed at the melia last year with 3 other friens for 2 weeks ,this was a very big resort but you have to do some walking to find all the fun things to do,very easy to get lost.the workers at this resort were all very friendly and they never forget a face. we were so impreesed wiyh this resort were going back at the end of this month for another stay of 2 weeks. i recommend this resort to all  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>hotelreviewer_8
<Content>Not Worth It My husband and I have traveled to all inclusive hotels in the past and this one was the worst. We chose this hotel because of the kid's club and royal services, but the hotel failed to share some VERY important details. So here they are:1. Service and Shade: We opted for the royal service due to the numerous complaints regarding reservations issues at the restaurants and towel shortages. The rumors where true. But even at the royal side we had to make some sacrifices. First, you must make your restaurant reservation by 9 a.m. the day before with a VIP representative. The phone lines are constantly busy, so you will need to do them in person or have a lot of patience. Second, we found it difficult to find shade near the pool or by the beach. To overcome this problem, most people would get up between 5-6 a.m. to reserve a spot using the yellow royal service towels, BUT this is NOT guaranteed. The official hotel policy is that spots can only be reserved up to an hour. So, we found many people taking morning naps by the pool and beach. We also found it necessary to pay off the guards and attendants in order for the spaces to be assured and safe. We even witnessed a fight on the Royal Service Beach regarding this issue. Management had to be called in to alleviate the problem caused by overbooking.Finally and most importantly, the service was less than royal. VERY spotty. Except at the Gabi, the service at the other restaurants was marginal at best. The servers will forget to offer you drinks, mention the a la cart options, forget to close the kitchen doors, forget items you have ordered, and take an excessive amount of time. They will also refuse to let you take food out of the restaurant (hotel policy). The food, although abundant, was fair at best. The wine is not included, except for a local brand that was awful.2. The Kid's Club: Does not open till 10:00 a.m. Opening and drop off times vary day to day. It took most parents 20 minutes to drop off their kids. Drop off sometimes changes location to the restaurant by the beach or the camp grounds. Signs communicating the drop of changes are faded and unclear . The kids club for the younger population (i.e. 3 year olds) does NOT serve them Lunch nor snacks. You must pick up your child, feed them, and return. This is not a big problem if you are on the Caribe side or if you do not plan to go on any activities such as tours, snorkling, para-sailing, etc. But, if you are on the Royal service beach/side or Tropical side of the hotel, it will take you 10-15 minutes walking by the beach or 30 minutes through the gardens/trains to drop off/pick up your child each time. In addition, the 3 year olds stay inside all the time. They watch TV and color. They do not take the younger kids on strolls nor to a playground. Oh yes... the playground that you see on the web site does NOT exist because it is being replaced. Right now they have a hot slab of cement surrounded by sand. Now, it is true that the 5 -9 year old camp side is better. Ana, the head camp coordinator is very sweet. They get served lunch and take part in varied activities. But, be aware, if you plan to pick up your child prior to the 5 p.m. pick up time, you will be challenged to find them. Also, they refused to apply sun lotion on my child when she asked. They also did not remind her to put on a shirt while in the pool as we specifically requested.3. Transportation: If you stay at the Royal side, you will be at the point furthest from the beach. The hotel offers special royal service carts to take you from the VIP lounge to the beach, but not to the Caribe side. We had to make special arrangements to try to get to the kid's club from the royal service pool. It took us 30 minutes total to get there, and 45 minutes back. We do not recommend that you purchase the royal service if you plan to use the kid's club or if you cannot walk moderately large distances.Overall, we do not recommend this hotel. Several local service guides recommended the RIU palace hotel instead.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	1	1	

<Author>RiDissappointed
<Content>Wouldn't go back. The Royal Service is a Royal Scam. We didn't get anything for the extra money we spent and the Royal Service area is basically the farthest point from the beach. The pool there was crowded and the Gabi restaurant was fine but the selection at the beach restaurants was much better with a better atmosphere. I took forever to get from RS area to the beach as you have to wait for their litte trams to come by. They DO NOT come by every 15 minutes as they say and you end up waitng around alot or walking quite a bit. We are an active family but the walk is about a half mile to the beach so it gets old when you want to go back to your room for something or whatever. Some of the employees, especially the bartender at the RS beach bar were rude and unfriendly and we tipped! The beds are hard as rocks and the bedding/linens are in need of replacement; they are worn  tired, very surprised to see this in that area. Also there isn't much for teenagers to do. My husband and I were very dissappointed with RS and also how huge the facility is. We won't be going back.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>njtravelingteacher
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay My wife and I just returned after spending 5 nights at Melia Caribe:- Check-In: Despite having Royal Service, check-in took over an hour. (Still, there were advantages to R.S. More on this later). We discovered that the resort was out of king-sized beds and we would be in a room with two doubles. We objected and after informing the staff it was our honeymoon, a king-sized bed appeared....eventually.- Grounds: The grounds were really something else. Beautiful plants, flowers and birds were everywhere. It was well-maintained. Yes, the resort is huge but it's manageable.- Children: We were very surprised with the number of children at the resort. Kids were everywhere! We're both teachers and were OK. However, if you are looking for a more intimate resort, this may not be for you.- Food: We really enjoyed the food. Each morning, we would eat at the Gabi restaurant. The buffet was never too crowded and the food varied each day. The a la carte dinners were better than expected, especially the Mexican, Thai and Seafood. My wife and I weren't impressed with the Japanese hibachi restaurant although most visitors did rave about it. (It would be an entertaining place to take children). Waiters and waitresses were receptive and eager to please.Making reservations was a hassle. This process began each day at 7AM. It did help to have RS for this, because they assisted and we were able to eat at all of the restaurants we had hoped to visit. It did take multiple requests to eat at the Japanese restaurant because of the limited seating and popularity; we successfully secured a reservation on the 3rd request.- Pool: We used the RS pool each day. It was really something else. The pool itself was clean and never crowded at all. Finding a cabana, however, was challenging. We were able to use a cabana on two days and this was because I had found an empty one at 6AM. If you wait until 7AM, you'll be out of luck.- Beach: We only ventured to the beach on one day. Former visitors have complained that it took a while to find a train to take them down to the beach. We didn't wait at all when traveling to and from the beach. The walk itself, however, would probably take 10-15 minutes; not bad at all for adults or older children. I'm not a big beach person but it was clean and not too crowded. Someone had come to us on several occasions to see if we wanted drinks. The water was clear but full of seaweed; we hear this is common during March. There were many beach chairs to recline on.- Solicitors: Yes, they are present at the resort - down on the beach and even at the RS pool. However, if you are polite, they will move on.A Few Other Notes- Excursions: We only booked one trip, a sunset booze cruise. It costs $69 per person. This ran from 4-7 and we would strongly recommend it. We met some great folks from other countries. This included beer and mixed drinks, some finger food, and a 30-minute opportunity to snorkel with dolphins. Music was played and everyone had fun.- Tips: I would recommend bringing a bunch of ones and fives. Yes, I do believe they improve service as others have stated. They also help to reward the hardworking staff. We always left $5 after each of the a la carte dinners, not because we would be returning but because it was a way of saying thanks. Tip often.- To and From the AIrport: A service is NOT provided by Melia. Taxis are available for $25-30 a couple. We thought this was included.- One last note: On the final day of our trip, I did get food poisoning. It wasn't a good way to end the trip. We did take the side excursion so I can't be certain what caused this. My wife was not affected. Overall, we had a very nice vacation and would recommend it to families with children.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>famom14
<Content>Food not so good... We just returned from a short trip to this hotel, and found several things very frustrating. The hotel has 9 a la carte restaurants, but it practically takes a miracle to get into them. We were there for 3 nights, and were able to get into one only 1 night. You have to call the day of or the day prior, and the most desirable ones are booked. Food in general was below average. My 10 y/o daughter ate bread, pasta, and cereal for the whole time we were there.The property is extremely large, so many of the villas are far away from the beach and pool. We had a 15 min walk to the beach. There is a train but it only travels in 1 direction so you have to go the long way if something isn't adjacent to where you are.We were constantly solicited to register for tours, take pictures with parrots and iguanas, and other things. I don't care for being approached for stuff like that, especially while relaxing at the pool.We enjoyed fabulous weather while we were there, and while it was good to get away for a few days, I would not recommend this resort.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bailey777
<Content>Not our favorite place!! We were bumped, along with a lot of weary travelers on Transat. They constantly overbook I am told. First time traveling with them.We stayed at the Melia Caribe. Beautiful resort, but too large, and OMG too many children and smokers. Guess coming from the Toronto area where smoking in most areas is prohibited, this was a real shock for us.Beach was ok, but I wouldn't rave about it. Did a snorkeling trip and went through a few towns on the way there and not 1 white tourist was seen. Mmmmm, gotta wonder about that!!Won't go back. Still waiting for our money from Transat!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>megboire
<Content>Overall - Really good trip!!       Hotel train (1 of 3 trains)  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>mommy2sophiarose
<Content>Cut it short and flew home - need I say more!!!!! I arrived on Saturday and called my husband and said get me out of here on Tuesday - I was able to get a flight home Thursday afternoon.First off let me start by saying - that if you are the type of person who likes to walk out of their hotel and the pool and beach are right there for you to enjoy - THIS IS NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU. If you like a place where the staff speaks English cause you do not speak Spanish - THIS IS NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU. If you like to feel as if everyone is treated equally and not by the color of the resort bracelet you wear - THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR YOU.If you want to leisurely walk around the resort (mind you this place is huge - I could of used a helicopter to take me from the lobby to my room) - you will need to constantly look over your shoulder for the oncoming 2 car trolley train, mopeds (used by staff), golf carts and delivery trucks, maintenance trucks etc and while you are dodging these vehicles hold your breath cause the diesel smell stays with you ALL DAY and can give you terrible headaches also trying to keep my 5 year old in check while these vehicles were constantly going by was a hassle in itself. This vacation was more work and walking then I wanted - I should have just taken my daughter to Disney. The amount of smokers (lots of Europeans and Canadians - nothing against them of course) its in my opinion from what I have seen, they have no regard for Children and second hand smoke - they will come and sit right down next you with not a care in the world for anybody鈥檚 health other than there own. There are neither designated smoking nor non-smoking areas.The restaurants and grills located by the POOL - You have to be fully clothed meaning a cover up long enough to cover your entire but as well as shoes otherwise they will not serve you - I HAVE NEVER been to a resort where you couldn't walk from the pool to eat and had to be dressed to do it. The restaurants - COULDN'T get reasonable reservations - everything available always after 8pm - when you have a 5 year old - that鈥檚 unreasonable. There is a $2 a day charge for the lock box in your room - I have NEVER had to pay for one! And was not about to start. The first day my room was cleaned - the maid forgot to lock the glass doors - anyone could have walked in and stole ALL my stuff. I didn't accidentally leave it unlocked as I have a daughter and had to make sure at all times - everything was secured to take a shower etc. If you go down to the beach - there is one grill in the middle - this is a LONG beach so be prepared to walk to get food - and with that - there was a roach (no kidding) in the hot dog bun - which was originally covered with saran wrap! YUCK! Still makes me shiver!If you need a late check out - there is a $10 an hour charge - that in itself is ridiculous - OH ALSO don't except much help from staff - unless you are constantly tipping - they will pay you no mind! Ok here I am going to talk about the VIP SERVICE - It is a joke! Literally - because my best friend and her family paid for the VIP Service - I didn't - because I didn't - I could not hang out with her by the VIP pool, VIP pool restaurant nor the VIP Beach - I had to upgrade $60 a day just so I could hang out with her! They have a VIP lounge - where you can go to make reservations ask questions etc - they have no problem by passing you if you are waiting by bringing another person to sit down while you have been waiting - its as if you are invisible. OMG MORE IMPORTANTLY - DO NOT SHOP IN THE GIFT SHOP IN THE CARIBE LOBBY - GO TO THE VIP LOBBY GIFT SHOP - THE CARIBE LOBBY MAKE UP THE PRICES AS YOU GO ALONG - THE VIP LOBBY IS REASONALY AND THE ITEMS ARE MARKED CLEARLY.ALSO YOU CANNOT DRINK THE WATER - They tell you on the bus from the airport to the hotel - do not drink the water - they even tell you to use bottled water to brush your teeth - BTW the maids never refilled the room with unopened bottles of water so every time you go up to a bar etc grab water while you are there - also the bathrooms do not come with wash clothes - you need to request them - what a joke!I will say only ONE nice thing my daughter really enjoyed the The Flintstones experience but again she is only 5!I am sure there is A LOT more I can add but I am sure you are aren't even reading this anymore cause hopefully you decided to save your money. I can highly recommend The Ritz Carlton in Jamaica it is the only all-inclusive R.C. - you DON'T WEAR A WRIST BAND AND you are treated 100% like everyone else!Good Luck I arrived on Saturday and called my husband and said get me out of here on Tuesday - I was able to get a flight home Thursday afternoon. First off let me start by saying - that if you are the type of person who likes to walk out of their hotel and the pool and beach are right there for you to enjoy - THIS IS NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU. If you like a place where the staff speaks English cause you do not speak Spanish - THIS IS NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU. If you like to feel as if everyone is treated equally and not by the color of the resort bracelet you wear - THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR YOU. If you want to leisurally walk around the resort (mind you this place is huge - I could of used a helicopter to take me from the lobby to my room and you will be given a map - make sure you have it with you at all times!) - you will need to constantly look over your shoulder for the oncoming 2 car trolley train, mopeds (used by staff), golf carts and delivery trucks, maintenance trucks etc and while you are dodging these vehicles hold your breath cause the diesel smell stays with you ALL DAY and can give you terrible headaches also trying to keep my 5 year old in check while these vehicles were constantly going by was a hassle in itself. This vacation was more work and walking then I wanted - I should have just taken my daughter to Disney. The amount of smokers (lots of Europeans and Canadians - nothing against them of course) its in my opinion from what I have seen, they have no regard for Children and second hand smoke - they will come and sit right down next you with not a care in the world for anybody鈥檚 health other than there own. There are neither designated smoking nor non-smoking areas.The restaurants and grills located by the POOL - You have to be fully clothed meaning a cover up long enough to cover your entire but as well as shoes otherwise they will not serve you - I HAVE NEVER been to a resort where you couldn't walk from the pool to eat and had to be dressed to do it. The restaurants - COULDN'T get reasonable reservations - everything available always after 8pm - when you have a 5 year old - that鈥檚 unreasonable. There is a $2 a day charge for the lock box in your room - I have NEVER had to pay for one! And was not about to start. The first day my room was cleaned - the maid forgot to lock the glass doors - anyone could have walked in and stole ALL my stuff. I didn't accidentally leave it unlocked as I have a daughter and had to make sure at all times - everything was secured to take a shower etc. If you go down to the beach - there is one grill in the middle - this is a LONG beach so be prepared to walk to get food - and with that - there was a roach (no kidding) in the hot dog bun - which was originally covered with saran wrap! YUCK! Still makes me shiver!If you need a late check out - there is a $10 an hour charge - that in it is ridiculous - OH ALSO don't except much help from staff - unless you are constantly tipping - they will pay you no mind! Ok here I am going to talk about the VIP SERVICE - It is a joke! Literally - because my best friend and her family paid for the VIP Service - I didn't - because I didn't - I could not hang out with her by the VIP pool, VIP pool restaurant nor the VIP Beach - I had to upgrade $60 a day just so I could hang out with her! They have a VIP lounge - where you can go to make reservations ask questions etc - they have no problem by passing you if you are waiting by bringing another person to sit down while you have been waiting - its as if you are invisible. OMG MORE IMPORTANTLY - DO NOT SHOP IN THE GIFT SHOP IN THE CARIBE LOBBY - GO TO THE VIP LOBBY GIFT SHOP - THE CARIBE LOBBY MAKE UP THE PRICES AS YOU GO ALONG - THE VIP LOBBY IS REASONALY AND THE ITEMS ARE MARKED CLEARLY.ALSO YOU CANNOT DRINK THE WATER - They tell you on the bus from the airport to the hotel - do not drink the water - they even tell you to use bottled water to brush your teeth - BTW the maids never refilled the room with unopened bottles of water so every time you go up to a bar etc grab water while you are there - also the bathrooms do not come with wash clothes - you need to request them - what a joke!I will say only ONE nice thing my daughter really enjoyed the The Flintstones experience but again she is only 5!I am sure there is A LOT more I can add but I am sure you are aren't even reading this anymore cause hopefully you decided to save your money. I can highly recommend The Ritz Carlton in Jamaica it is the only all-inclusive R.C. - you DON'T WEAR A WRIST BAND AND you are treated 100% like everyone else!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>tripreviewer888
<Content>Great Dual-Family Vacation I went down to Melia Caribe with 8 others -- we were 2 families going on vacation together. Overall, we all had a great time.People were friendly and eager to serve you. The nightlife was a bit lacking though there was a casino and a sports bar. There were also shows (live entertainment) but if you're not interested in any of those you may have been a little disappointed after dinner time. Great beach, though many watersports cost extra. (Find the banana boating guy -- its worth it)I recommend it!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>serena2425
<Content>alot of walking...but beautiful resort We just came back on March 23rd...and i have been to Punta Cana in 2004, and stayed at the sunscape resort..i hated it there..but i wanted to try again, so i did alot if research, including talking to someone from trip advisor who had kids the same ages as mine. When we got there, and walked into the room, the air conditioning was leaking, and it flooded our room, maintenace came within 10 minutes..great, and fixed the problem..however, we had reached the resort at a 10:30pm, and was told that only one restauant was open, i have a 1 and 3 year old.. so i told my husband to go and get the food, and bring it back to the room..he was gone an hour, and came back with nothing..by the time he found the restuarant... the staff would not let him take food out..so we starved until the next morning. then our room was about a 15 minute walk to the nearest restaurant. with 31 degree heat..not fun for kids. there are trains that pass through the resort, but not often, and only to certain areas. i has reading about royal service, and the fact that you get upgraded to a better room, personal transportation throughout the resort etc..so i upgraded..for the kids sake. it's like night and day..the room was beautiful, we had a menu to order pillows, gorgeous bathroom, 4 person tub, full kitchen, beautiful view. and the restaurant and private pool was specatular. Turn down service every night, and stocked fridge..it totally made a difference with the vacation. the mexican, american grill, japenese, and the gabi resaturants were our favourite..we ate at marketplace becasue buffet is easier with toddlers. they loved the flintstones clubs, and the kids dancing every night. the pools were gorgeous..the bathrooms throughout the resort are spotless, and very modern. very friendly staff..the only drawback was the last day our flight was delayed, andwe had no way of knowing this..i wish we were told ahead of time. and the language barrier is hard at times, but you motion alot with your hands..great thank you to the gabi restaurant mangaer..she was the nicest person, who really went out of her way to please my family..it's just such a huge resort..if you have small kids and are not staying in the royal service..bring a stroller..cause the kids will not handle the heat and the walking.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rmnsl
<Content>Stay Away Our family traveled together to Melia Caribe and we booked 4 rooms at the hotel through Austin Travel in Melville NY. You can read on, but I HIGHLY recommend that you don't book your vacation at this resort and don't ever use Austin Travel in Melville NY. We booked 2 doubles and 2 kings, non-smoking. Check in took over one hour and we received 3 doubles and 1 king, all in building 19, which is actually one building with half the rooms accessible from separate entrances and therefore not 4 rooms together. We were told by guest services that room requests (being together in non-smoking) is only a request, not a guarantee. My family and I travel extensively and I've never heard that a non-smoking room cannot be guaranteed. After much complaining we settled on getting rid of the smoking room and were told it was a king. When we arrived at the room it was a double. Guest services told us their computer showed it as a king and that room services must have switched the beds and not updated the computers!! While all of this was going on, our luggage was somehow lost on the property. After waiting 3 hours and missing the entire afternoon, I had to jump in a van with the bell captain to track down our luggage. When we finally found it, there was some kind of red liquid that had spilled on several suit cases and leaked through. Thankfully there wasn't any damage to the clothes. Our next adventure started the next morning when we arrived at the beach. The water was very rough and the hotel understandably cancelled all of the water activities and beach activities. This meant that the only all-inclusive day activities would take place at the pool and these amounted to playing board games. No pool volleyball or any other type of pool games. Just a we're sorry but the beach activities have been cancelled. No activities except the camps for children under 10. Kids over 10 were out of luck except for the challenging climbing wall, zip line, hanging bridges and super jumper, WHICH COME AT AN EXTRA COST (the website does not tell you this). After 2 days of complaints the staff opened limited beach activities and the days started to get better. But we're the guests and the hotel should have alternatives when the beach can't be used. Dinner reservations experience was similar to other reviews I've seen. The resort can't accommodate everyone in their a la carte restaurants so if you can't get through at 8 am in the morning, you will be eating at the buffets unless you spend more for their Royal Service. All-inclusive resort with 2 classes of guests!! What's so all-inclusive? Its more exclusive. I could go on, but the bottom line is that the resort does not know what they are doing and the staff doesn't care. There are better places, like Cozumel, where you can enjoy a truly all-inclusive family vacation.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>katrax64
<Content>Simply Gorgeous       view  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>friendsforlife
<Content>would go back in a instant!!! this was absolutely the best vacation we ever had. it was a 25th aniversary and 19 of us stayed in the royal service. the food, pool, beach, weather (totally awesome) and atmosphere was great. it was the quiet side of the resort. it has more action on the tropical side. all staff were kind and friendly. we were teaching each other our languages. we never had a problem getting good drinks from our friend ramone , the bartender at the gabi. i loved having the gabi restaurant, there was always great breakfasts, lunches and dinners. we also had the best server in town. bolivar (boli) was fantastic and his boss carlos made our whole group feel very special the whole week. you really didn't have to do the ala cartes. the international was okay, the italian was good , we had our anniversary dinner there. the staff made us feel special by shutting of the lights and bringing our table this beautiful cake and sang to us. the japanese was very good. it wasn't very busy the week of dec 12 -dec 21 so you were sure to get a seat around the pool and down at the beach. we were always near the beach bar and the path to the washrooms.our children did the disco a couple of nights and said it was great. the flinstone land really didn't impress us. we really felt uncomfortable about leaving our grandson with strangers, that really didn't look interested in looking after children and they didn't speak very good english .our kids did a couple of excursions. they are very overpriced.they really did enjoy the party boat though. one down fall is the amount of salepeople on the beach . you are there for relaxation and they do keep bothering you. but if you say no they do get the idea. we did buy a really nice painting at the little marketplace down the beach. the beach is beautiful. . for a nice vacation, this is the resort.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>smittygirl1966
<Content>Great family vacation Just returned from a family vacation (March 11 - 18) during Spring Break for Toronto. We are a couple 41 and 44 with 2 kids which are 4.5 and 6. We were looking for a great vacatin for the kids, for the adults, and for everybody as a family...and we got just that.IMPORTANT NOTE: Not sure if it was the time of year, but the hotel was packed with families and kids!!! My husband and I both said that had we arrived kidless we would have immediately packed up and begged to go to another hotel. I cannot imagine how annoying it must have been for all those childless people travelling. Even the Royal Service pool was packed with kids!!! Even with the most well behaved kids - once you get that many together the noise in unavoidable!!!ROOMS: The only way to guarantee two rooms together and/or a large enough room for everybody is to get a Royal Service Master or One Bedroom Suite - so we booked the One bedroom suite. My kids are usually passed out by 8:30 so the extra room gives us space to hang out without worrying about waking them up. If you don't go Royal Service you probably won't get connecting rooms and in fact we met a lot of families that were lucky enough to get rooms next door to each other but not connecting, so they would have to split up during the night. Kids slept on a pullout sofa bed and we had an a cot brought it. There was plenty of room and then some. TIP: The sofa bed and cot would NOT be comfortable for anyone over the age of 10 !!!! without morning backpain. We slept in the king bed in the bedroom. NOTE: There was no duvet and special mattress that the website quotes for Royal Service. Furthermore, the pillows were horrendous!!! We tried them all and they were all flat (due to age?) and hard...even the feather ones. TIP: The kitchenette isn't really a kitchenette - all there is is a full size fridge and a coffee maker with lots of counterspace and cabinets - BUT NO CUTLERY and not even any papertowels in case you spill anything!!! I just don't understand why bother constructing the cabinetry and taking up the space????? Also, don't even bother asking for a microwave cause you won't get it!!!!!!!ROYAL SERVICE: It was worth paying up for this because it allowed us to have a one bedroom suite since connecting rooms are basically non existent and definately not guaranteeable. It also was worth it in the sence that it allowed us to eat at the Gabi restaurant - means you buffet with 100 people instead of 1000 people - makes a big difference!!!! Same with the Gabi pool - but still if you didn't get up and reserve space by 7:00 both at the RS pool and beach you were out of luck in getting any shade....you might still get a chair but no shade. Gabi was actually very good food and I strongly suggest that even if you make restaurant reservations you walk by Gabi dinner buffet first. One evening they even had fresh lobster that they grilled in front of you - delicious!!!!! RS also allowed us to get restaurant reservations stress free - especially when travelling with kids and needing early dinners. However, as mentioned before the beds nor the linens were luxurious. Never saw or heard from a butler. And these golf carts that drive you around were a joke!!!! We were told from the start that we had to use the tram like the rest of the people and that we could call the carts for dinner reservations (so you don't have to make the treck in heels). Anyways, they never came, even after repeated phone calls!!! The carts are really only for the vacation club members or to wooo those who they hope will purchase a membership. It is really silly because for the most part they are driving around empty and won't even stop if they happen to be going in your direction. Room Service was a nice thing - although due to language problems, the order was wrong everytime!!!!!DISAPPOINTMENT: The service was a huge disappointment. Royal Service service was pretty much non existent. You could like by the pool all day and have someone stop by only a couple of times. And as for the beach - forget it!!!!!! There was only one runner for the entire day and he sure didn't run - he spent most of his time standing in the shade talking to the bartender - which on another note, wouldn't even smile once you walked up and got your own drink. And we are tippers!!!! And we still got this lousy service!!!!! Also, huge language problem. I know we are in the Dominican, but other islands with other language barriers have always found staff who could speak english. At Melia it was like a joke. You pretty much had to point what you wanted off the menu - and don't bother asking any questions or making any changes because they coudn't help you or they would get it all wrong. Everytime we ordered room service it was wrong!!!!!!FOOD: We were completely happy with the food. Even my picky 4 year old always found something to eat. Lots of variety, flavourful and fresh. No problems here!!!!! Unfortunately, house wine was terrible so we usually ended up ordering bottles of wine that we had to pay for, but it wasn't the end of the world.KIDS CLUB: Fantastic!!!! Anna was in charge of my kids age range and she was great!!! My kids were in the club everyday from 10 - 1:00. They loved being with other kids and the activities and my husband and I loved some quiet time alone to read or nap. The kids did things like beach games, pool games, t-shirt painting, horseback riding, bungey jumping, etc. My daughter would even argue with me about pulling her out. You could actually leave your kid in all day if you wanted because at 1:15 they take the kids to lunch for you too and keep them until 5:00 I think. In the evenings they have a kids disco too. Pools were amazing for the kids - lots of shallow areas, or zero entry areas, etc. My kids had an absolutely amazing time!!!!!!BABYSITTING: Two nights we had a babysitter come in - Jenisse from Guest Services actually - and she was lovely. My kids were so exhausted that they were already asleep before she arrived. It was nice to stay up and out a couple of nights without the kids. I felt very comfortable leaving the kids in her care.ADVICE: Don't bother packing inflatables - you can buy water wings, air mattresses, etc, at a not bad price - but make sure you purchase them from the HOTEL beach hut NOT the public beach huts - we got royally ripped off on an air mattress at the publc vendors!!!!! I also brought from home a lot of snacks for my kids - like fruit cups, applesauce cups, small packages of chips, doritos, etc....to tie them over until dinner....and it really helped a lot!!!!!!! And saved us a LOT of money because these kind of snacks are only available for purchase at the store for a crazy price!!!!!Just remember the resort is riduculously HUGE. I have never been to a resort of this size. but it is beautiful - great and attractive public spaces - the gardens, bars, restaurants, etc. There is a tram that takes you around but can be a pain - for example Royal Service Rooms and Kids club are on opposite sides of the resort!!!!! If you have mobility issues I strongly DO NOT recommend this resort. However, after a couple of days, we figured out some shortcuts by taking the footpaths between the various villas.We are really happy with this resort and this vacation. The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is because of the service - especially in royal service !!! Unfortunately this is where I think the dominican falls down. The Mexican resorts really understand and meet the service issue BUT they don't have as great beaches. Punta Cana also offers great value in terms of cost. I would definately come back and I would definately recommend this place to others. On the flight home we spoke with someone who stayed at the Paridisus Palma Real next door and they loved it - especially the Family Conscierge service. We will do some more research on this resort as apparently it offered more kids programs than I had originally thought.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>MiloCanada
<Content>OK, but won't return We're a family of five (kids 16, 15 and 13). After reading the reviews I thought we'd love this resort.We'd requested two 2nd floor rooms close to the beach. We got what we asked for and stayed in building 34 on the Caribe side, which was great as it's right by the pool and we could see the ocean from one of the rooms. The pool was gorgeous and there were plenty of loungers in the shade. In fact, you could arrive at the pool mid-day and still find space. The beach was beautiful and they did a great job clearing the seaweed every morning. The grounds were also very nice. The food was the best we'd had at an all-inclusive. We managed to get into the Gourmet (excellent), American Grill (OK) and the seafood restaurant (OK). We couldn't get into the Japanese or the Italian - very frustrating. We ate breakfast and lunch at the beach restaurant, which was great.So, the facilities themselves were really great, but what lets this resort down is the ambiance created by the staff. We've all read the warnings about the time share people, so we were prepared for them. I think it spoils the whole experience of a vacation when you have to make sure you don't make eye contact with these guys! They're in the lobby areas, you have to run the gauntlet when you arrive at breakfast and lunch (if you come in from the beach you can avoid them) and they're even on the beach. When are these people going to realize that it puts people off?! Another aspect we didn't like is the whole Royal Service thing. We did not opt for this. I don't feel that you should feel the need to pay more for a more enjoyable holiday. We should all have this experience! We have stayed at several Iberostar resorts, who don't have this tiered system. I will never stay at any resort that employs this system. We stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe a couple of years ago who also have different levels, but it didn't seem as obvious.We spend most of our time around the Caribe pool and we usually really enjoy visiting the pool bars, but the atmosphere created here wasn't good. If you didn't tip them they weren't very helpful. My kids would ask for a particular drink and they were told to try another bar - I couldn't believe it. They were more interested in instigating drinking games so they could get more tips.I believe they do have an entertainment team, but we didn't see them. The shows were quite poor. You could tell it really wasn't a priority because the theatre was quite small for the size of the resort.One of the reviewers mentioned the traffic. It's true, it's really busy on the roads at certain times of the day. I'm pretty sure that the workers on scooters and delivery guys should be using the service roads running alongside the property. Not the relaxing atmosphere most resorts strive for.So, to sum up, the resort itself is beautiful, the food good, but we were left at the end of the vacation feeling something was lacking.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>SGE01
<Content>Amazing Resort My husband, our 1 yr old son and I just got back from the Melia Caribe (we stayed at the Caribe side vs Tropical side). What a fantastic resort! Here are some details:Check-in: Quick and no hassels.Rooms: Clean and spacious.Pool: Really nice layout as it has little shallow islands which was great for our son to play on. Never felt crowded and always found sun beds.Beach: Nice white sand. Only disappointment was a bunch of seaweed in the water 90% of the week. Other than that, it was great. Never got bothered by any beach vendors...come to think of it I never saw one.Restaurants: Many many choices between buffet and a-la-carte. We never had a problem getting a reservation at the a-la-carte restaurants - good ones: Japanese, Italian, French and American Grill were the ones we visited. The buffet was nicely put together as well - very modern. Food was all fantastic, many choices and the good thing was everything was not done is like a stew. You could always get chicken, beef, fish etc. My only little complaint...they need to keep the high-chairs cleaner as not everyone cleans up after their kids!Service: Always very good and polite. Grounds: Amazing! Very well kept, nice to walk to everything day or night. Yes, this resort is huge but really nicely put together. It is actually two resorts side by side (Melia Caribe and Melia Tropical). There are also many trains that run through the resort to transport those that do not wish to walk. We never felt crowded, had to line up or fight for space at any point during our vacation. It made it a very nice a peaceful stay. I would highly recommend this resort. Food, accomodations and Service was great.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bulldogg
<Content>Two weeks in Paradise We stayed at the Melia Caribe from Feb 23 to March 8 2008. We had been to the resort before and were very impressed with how they had upgraded the eating area around the Buffet restaurant and how they had added additional bars. There was never a wait for drinks at any bar we went to. The grounds were lush with an abundance of wildlife and tropical plants. The staff was very courteous and freindly. We ate in nearly all the a la carte restaurants with the exception to the Japanese and the Italian and found the food the be very good wherever we ate.We played golf at the Cocotal Club several times and found the course to be in great shape. We had pre-booked our tee times and were able to get off on time every day.The long walk from the lobby area to our room near the beach helped to work off some of the extra food and beverage intake. We cannot think of anything that was less than perfect during our stay. I would return again with no hesitation  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MNhappycamper
<Content>We had a great time! We just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical on Saturday, March 8th. We booked our vacation in September of 2007 and I have been reading the reviews on this resort since that time. I have to admit that sometimes after reading a few negative reviews I became apprehensive and wondered if we should be switching to another resort. I couldn't have been more wrong and I'm so glad we didn't change. We came with a group of 10 couples. We had no problem whatsoever with check in, even though we did not book Royal Service. We were treated well and with smiles by all who helped us. As other reviews have pointed out, the property is absolutely beautiful with manicured shrubs and flowers everywhere. Peacocks, flamingos and other birds roamed freely through the grounds. Our room was satisfactory; we had no complaints. Maybe we didn't have the flat screened TVs or extra beautiful decor like in Royal Service rooms, but we were barely in our room except the very beginning of the day and the very end. Do note: housekeeping doesn't automatically put out washcloths, but we asked at the beginning of our stay to bring new washcloths each day, and that request was honored. We tipped housekeeping each day. We had good times at the beautiful Caribe pool on the little island in the center of it where we relaxed in the afternoon sun and had some cocktails. The bartenders were friendly, fun and eager to please. We always tipped; I think they appreciated it.The beach is very nice with white sugar sand, and my husband and I took countless walks down it. You will definitely know, though, when the chain of resorts ends for there are locals waiting right there anxious for you to buy their goods. Bargain with them and you will be fine. As I read on several other reviews, don't be surprised by the topless women walking around on the beach. They are not, however, supposed to be topless by the pool but we found a couple of women that consistently ignored the rule. It was a bit embarrassing.The buffets were well-stocked with delicious food for breakfast and lunch, and the few times we went there for dinner. We were able to book into four of the ala carte restaurants - Mexican, Capri, American Grill, and the Japanese restaurant - that was my personal favorite; almost like being at Benihana's, but it was the hardest to get into as well. DO believe reviews that say you need to make your reservations at 9:00 A.M. on the day before you want to get into the restaurant. We'd start dialing at 8:50 already and let it ring. I had a bit of a gripe in that when reading up on the dress code for the restaurants on line before our trip, it specifically stated that in the nice restaurants men must wear long-sleeved shirts and dress shorts or dress pants, with no sandals. The pamphlet we received when we arrived at the resort said dress shirts (nothing about long-sleeved). I did purchase my husband new long sleeved shirts (much to his dismay), so I'm hoping to pass this info on to anyone else thinking they need the long-sleeved shirts. We as a group were also a little disappointed that we got all dressed up for these very nice restaurants, and then people would come strolling in wearing jeans or jean shorts, etc. and sandals. For after-dinner entertainment there are shows, a casino, disco and several bar/lounges to just sit and relax in. We favored the bar/lounge outside the Marketplace buffet. It's a casual atmosphere with large round sofas for 3-4 people to relax on at a time. Two nights we were there and they had live music (once a saxophone player, and once a four-member young male group who sounded like the Backstreet Boys or Nsync). We were encouraged to and did enjoy dancing while listening to the beautiful music. On Friday evening while we were dancing, the resort (I presume) also had a small fireworks show in the sky. It was so nice.A few of us ventured outside the resort one day for a bus tour of the Dominican countryside. I would highly recommend it, as you get to see the real Dominican culture. We were gone from 8:30 AM to around 5:00 PM. We visited a school where kindergartners were in class and gave them candy and other assorted goodies, went horseback riding, visited a farm, checked out areas where coffee, cocoa, bananas, and sugar cane grow, and had an authentic Dominican lunch in the mountain area. It was a real learning experience.We found the Dominican people, as a whole, to be beautiful, inside and out. As far as the resort staff goes, we were nice to them and they were nice back, most of them greeted us with a big smile. As we walked down the paths to go here or there, we'd find many gardeners and other workers humming or singing while they went about their jobs.About the too large resort comments from some reviewers ~ If you like to walk/stroll, it's great, and hopefully, we worked a little of our meals off. If you don't like to walk, or wouldn't enjoy the train rides to get back and forth, maybe it's not the right place for you. We honestly felt we were never more than five minutes to the beach/pool or five minutes to the restaurant area. We will be definitely be back.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jack1962
<Content>great holiday this is very easy , great beach and pool, good to very good food . and good rooms . the grounds are very nice. the price is right. a great place for families. the only draw back ,is the hotel is big . a lot of walking , that's fine . the rooms were near the beach and pool. i should add that booking dinner at the rests ,[ there is about 8-10 rest ], was not easy. but i have found this at every all-inclusive . i would go back today if i could. we had a great time with two kids [ 11 years od age]. i would add one thing as the father who is paying , once you get there , there is little to spend money on justs some tips and a few small shops on the beach.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrsspexx
<Content>Family of three enjoyed thoroughly I was lucky enough to spend two fabulous weeks at this resort. I traveled with my husband, two year old son, as well as a few other family. We stayed in the Royal service and were warmly greeted in the royal service lounge. Following check in we were able to help ourselves to a cocktail while the butler loaded our luggage into a golf cart in preparation for the trip to our room. We were pleased with the large size of the room as we were travelling with a toddler who needs a little extra space to play. The room was immaculate. We did not , however, figure out the air conditoner knob did not work until the second week. My husband was able to manually turn the unit on once we figured out the problem. Even without the airconditioner the room was cool enough, just a little damp for my liking. We also thought the shower was broken but after a call to the maintenance man who showed us how to work it, we found there really wasn't a problem.The buffets were good. Not amazing, but we didn't go hungry. Certain items such as sausage and other cured meat taste different from what I am used to but thats the way it is there. We tried all the a la carte resteraunts. Italian was boring. Dominican was surprisingly good with great service. French had great food but the service was horrible and you may or may not acutally get your food. Japanese was good-ish food but the experience of sittiing at the table with travellers from all over was really interesting. My husband and I really liked the chinese but others in our party did not. Mexican and the American were good. The international had very interesting items but they were not well prepared (read: overcooked).For people travelling with young children: there are no cheerios there, and the milk is UHT. I know a couple of people I talked to said there kids would not drink the milk, my kid included. Also do not by diapers at the mall just adjacent to the resort. i spent $20 for 24 pampers. Plaza bavaro and other shopping areas are much cheaper. I did not visit the childcare area but I was told by my beloved mother that there is not too much going on for kids under 4. But all the employees seemed to love children and tried to befriend my son. I never felt awkward taking him into any resteraunt even when he was behaving like the two year old he is. We attended the kiddie disco and enjoyed. My only gripe is that there is no playground area where the kid can play and I can watch.I also want to say that yes the resort is huge and i got lost lots of times. But the resort is beautiful and immaculate. I would eat off the sidewalks it is so clean. The size of the resort was actually beneficial as there is no town nearby. In two weeks we never got bored. We did go one outing to Manatai park. It was fun for children. The bus ride there . . . well the bus had no windows. . .and it rained on the way back . . . while travelling at 70kph! Hold on to your hats and young ones! I lived to tell.Overall it was a great place the staff were attentive and I was dissappointed I had to leave!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>rentfor2
<Content>Paradise I live in New Paltz, New YorkReturned home two weeks ago from Melia Caribe Tropical. I've been to 5 star resorts in the carribean many times, this place I have to say, i enjoyed Melia the most. The food was very good, the beach was beautiful, the staff very helpful and attenttive, and the sports (golf and tennis) very good.The show at night was nice way to end the day. If there was one negative it was how long it takes to get your luggage when you check in, about 45 minutes, keep a bathing suit in your carry on and bring it to you room ( after stopping for a drink and a bite to eat). I had a great time in a very comfortable resort.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>FINNMN
<Content>Family/Friends Get Together We got back yesterday from the Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. It was wonderful. I had read the reviews before we left and they was very favorable but of course some were not so good. But we found the resort to be beautiful, well maintained and the weather great. There was 13 of us, the age range ran from 68 to 15 months. Family and friends from all over the states. The buffet food in the Marketplace was better than the buffet closer to the beach. Book early for the restaurants that you want to eat in, we did have some difficulty with such a large party. But start calling at 9:00am when they open for the next day reservations . The Japanese, French, American Grill and Domincan were the most favorable. Some went back to the Japanese for a second time. The pool area by our rooms was beautiful, get a spot early, same for the beach, they fill up early in the am. The pool arobics was great fun, right by the swim up bar.... all in all we would definately go back. The people were warm and friendly, some did not understand english but we managed. We did tip here and there and it seemed to pay off. I also got a massage that was very nice..........  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>c_mkenzie
<Content>Great Vacation Myself and boyfriend who are in our mid thirties stayed at the Meila Tropical February 25th 鈥?March 5th. We have been to the DR a few times before.Overall Impression 鈥?Our favorite resort yet and we would recommend it to others. A very well maintained. For an older resort it did not show. It was very well laid out and easy to make your way around. Other reviews indicate that this is a large resort but we did not find it toll big as we normally book in 500 rooms or less resorts. We found to walk from the lobby to the beach was around 10 minutes. The trolley ran every 10 minutes and there was three going most evenings. Check In 鈥?We were the first at the registration desk and our check in was speedy. We had requested a upper level room with king bed near the beach when booking and we were granted our request. We also requested a late check out and we were able to keep our room until 6 PM for $75US.Room 鈥?We were assigned room 718 in the Tropical Section of the Melia Caribe Tropical. We have stayed at two other 4 start resorts in Punta Cana and this room was by far the best. We had a king size bed which was comfortable. In the room there was a table with two chairs and a couch. The tiny tings made the room nicer than other resorts, throw cushions on the bed and couch, mats on each side of the bed as well as a flat screen TV. The bathroom was a bit older but had everything and was kept very clean. Our maid service was great and our room was very clean. Some days the room was not cleaned until the afternoon but that was not an issue for us as we were never there. We always had towels, our fridge restocked with pop and water.Food 鈥?There is a large selection of restaurants where this is a combination of two hotels. My overall impression of the food at this resort was high quality and lots of choice. We ate at 4 of the a la carte restaurants (Thai, Mexican, French and Japanese). We did not have any trouble getting reservations. They had a reservation service where you call and you can make reservation for that day and the next. We found if you were flexible you were able to get reservations. The Japanese was the hardest (also my favorite) but we were able to get a reservation after a couple tries.We ate breakfast and lunch at the beach grill and never had any problems with finding something we liked. There is a pizza selection and pasta bar for those that are not able to find anything. Again the small things at the buffets made this resort enjoyable 鈥?candles on the tables at night, quick and efficient bar service (the house red wine is better than most resorts) and excellent soft serve ice cream.Bars 鈥?Plenty of tables and lots of servers willing to take a drink order. We tended to go to the Lobby Bar and The Square Lounge (very funky)and we often drank the local beer - President with Lime and did not get too adventurous with the tropical drinksService 鈥?We had great service the entire week. Most staff spoke enough English that you can get by with no Spanish. We had no problem getting drinks at the bars or assistance from guest services and felt that the staff went above and beyond to make sure we had a great stay. We did bring lots of $1s and tipped often but not always and it did seem that our service was impacted by tipping.Beach 鈥?Beautiful and well maintained. Lots of chairs on the beach, if you didn鈥檛 mind full sun you could arrive at any time of day. There was plenty of shade under the palm trees and the beach huts but you would have to be at the beach between 9 and 10 to get a shady spot. As with all hotels, people get up early place their towels down and do not return for hours.Pool 鈥?Very large and well maintained. We only went to the pool once as we are beach people. There was lots of shade and activities for children.Golf 鈥?The all inclusive package includes 4 rounds of golf per person per week. You can pick up your vouchers at guest services and they can book or you can call 6000 and book your self. We did not have any trouble getting early morning tee times as there was one or two of us. If you are booking with larger groups I suggest you call the golf course before you arrive and book your tee times. The golf course is well maintained and in great shape.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarlosSpecial
<Content>Royal Service Well Worth It       Master Royal Suite 4923 (2nd floor)  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Maria_Komitska
<Content>Wonderful Vacation       The view from our room  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>writer_lady
<Content>Big        Royal Service Beach Area  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Vctrand
<Content>A Total Nightmare! I have stayed and enjoyed melia resorts in Varadero, Playa Conchal, Cancun, and Cabo San Lucas. My family and I had always been pleased with the level of service and quality at each of these locations until we went to the Caribe Tropical.We had decided, along with two other couples, to stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical afetr a stay next door at the Paradisus and booked the rooms directly on their Website in January. When we arrived at the Melia Caribe, we were informed by the front desk that they were going to send us to an 鈥渦pgraded鈥?room at their property on the golf course located across the road but in fact was at least 4 km from the beach. I immediately refused and stated that I had reserved with my credit card and since I don鈥檛 golf, I wanted to stay in the property for which I reserved. The front desk staff then informed us that this was my only choice and that everything else was solidly booked. I then requested to speak with a manager and the reception manager met with us and explained that the golf facilities are part of the hotel and that it isn鈥檛 far from the beach and it鈥檚 an 鈥渦pgraded鈥?room from what we were going to get. We really weren鈥檛 happy about this but didn鈥檛 want this to ruin our otherwise great experience at the Paradisus so we relented and agreed to go over and take a look. The front desk then took my credit card and 鈥渃hecked us in鈥?to the hotel and they then sent us over to the golf suites.Unfortunately, this is where our nightmare begins. As we arrived there, I immediately realized that this was NOT part of the hotel. In fact, we had to 鈥渃heck in鈥?again at the Golf Suites hotel which had nothing to do with the Melia Caribe. Worst yet and to our horror, the staff explained that we now had to share the condo with another couple and decide who would take the 1 room with a double bed and who would take the room with 2 single beds! I couldn鈥檛 believe that we were lied to and immediately demanded to be taken back to the Melia Caribe. Again, back at the Melia Caribe, I asked to speak with the hotel manager instead of the front desk manager and was told that nobody other than Sergio was available. I explained to the front desk attendant that the facilities next door are not an 鈥渦pgrade鈥?and asked to go back to the Paradisus. He then boldly told me that the Paradisus is also over-booked and that if I didn鈥檛 take the location at the golf suites, they would give it to someone else and my wife and I could sleep on the floor of the hotel! I then asked if I could use the internet to perhaps find another hotel in Punta Cana that could accommodate us. They didn鈥檛 want to allow us at first but then Sergio ushered us into an office so I could check for another location. There was no availability in the vicinity so I asked if Sergio could call but he explained to me that they don鈥檛 really speak with other chains and really had no other way of accommodating us so the condo at the Golf Suites was our only alternative. Again, we always felt that nobody ever wanted to help us and that we were on our own to fend for ourselves.I could not believe that they can call the Golf Suites an 鈥渦pgrade鈥? The condo was an old simple location with cheap furniture and 2 small rooms 鈥?1 with a double bed and the other with 2 single beds. It was not clean, the bathroom shower would go from hot to cold and you couldn鈥檛 control the temperature, and the hotel was quick to tell us that nothing was included except for a 鈥渃ontinental鈥?breakfast in the morning. I asked the front desk how much they charge for the condo and they told me $170.00US. So now, the Melia Caribe is charging me $443.00US and the other couple $443.00US per night so the hotel is making $846.00 per night for a condo that costs $170.00! This is utterly unethical and I can鈥檛 believe that would rip-off and treat people this way. Once we returned home, I sent a letter to their head office in Spain only to receive a notice from the General director in Punta Cana that I should have known that they were overbooked! I guess now guests should know in advance that a hotel chain is incompetent as to overbook and then gouge the porr guests.If you're lucky to not get bumped out of a room and don't mind the massive property to get around, then this hotel may be right for you. I can ceratinly say that I will never stay at another one of their properties agai.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>nbay
<Content>Excellent experience       Main lobby/restaurant area  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TheGirls2008
<Content>Amazing Week!!!!!!!!!       The Tropical Lobby  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Bonkev
<Content>WILL GO BACK We loved this place. I have read the good reviews and I've read the bad....and I have to say, I don't know where some of those bad reviews are coming from. We booked with Apple Vacations - was great because we got to book 3 restaurant reservations in advance, so I suppose we avoided some of the hassle other patrons had experienced on some of the bad reviews. The English/Spanish communication barrier was basically nil, and I speak very little Spanish. Most everyone we encountered, except maybe the maid and landscapers, spoke English quite well. All in the service areas, i.e. waitstaff, bartenders, spoke exceptional English, as well as French and other languages. We tipped, but not excessively and found everyone to be very hospitable - tip or no tip. If you greet with a smile and respect, you will ALWAYS get that and more in return. We did not get Royal Service and found no real advantage to having it, other than the occasional golf cart ride. The golf cart guys will give anyone rides, might cost you a tip though. But the train was sufficient if we didn't feel like walking. We kind of liked the exercise after stuffing ourselves with all that food. The only restaurant we didn't care for was the Dominican - but it was authentic and a good experience! Best restaurat hands down was the International. Then we liked the Thai, however it wasn't as spicy as authentic Thai food is. We weren't that impressed with the Japanese restaurat, only because it was a trained Dominican Spanish speaking chef, and it seemed out of place in the role of a Japanese chef. It just lost something there i guess, but the food was good! Hotel was very clean and beautiful! Beach was great, pool was great, bar was great and they won't skimp on the alcohol, all you have to do is tell them how to make the drink and they'll remember how to make it the same way, every time they see you! Even welcomed us by name! If you see Felix at the lobby bar, stop and have a drink with him!About being hounded by timeshare guys - just tell them you're not interested. Simple as that. The bad reviews seem to come from people that are stupid enough to fall into the freebie trap...just say no and you won't have a bad experience to write on this website unlike some of the fools that actually think spending time listening to presentations is a fun vacation - is free golf or an hour at the spa really worth listening to sales pitches? Be smart about it.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>HutchLethbridge
<Content>Enjoyed the beach and food Just returned from Punta Cana within the last week from our stay at the Melia Caribe. This was our second stay, we had been their three years before.Having advised the resort previously we were repeat customers, uponn our arrival at the resort, we were treated with great urgency and check in was done within a half hour. Their were 43 people on our bus that arrived at the same time and the resort was more then ready for them. The golf was great, the food was great. The resort was a big quiet place when we were there three years ago but most people must have found out. It has become a family resort with to many parents not addressing their childrens behaviour. Way to much smoking on the beach, in food areas and all over the place.In addition, what was a quiet evening for a walk on the cobblestone, is now a maze of three trains, mini bikes and a large fleet of golf carts. what was once a quiet and pleasant resort has now become a business site of activity. Will not return.David in Lethbridge.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>Putzen
<Content>Fun in the Sun Everybody...People....Open Bar, All Inclusive!!!! We stayed at the Melia from Feb. 1-8/08 and had a great time. We were a little apprehensive about the Melia due to all the poor reviews around the holidays, but there is no need for concern. The check-in ran efficiently and a waitress served drinks to the people in line as we waited. We asked for a second floor room close to the pool/beach. Our room was a 2 min., walk to the beach and a 5 min. walk to the lobby. We were on the Caribe side. This resort is big but it is almost like 2 resorts stuck together. We just used the Caribe side and found it very manageable. I don't know what people are talking about saying it is a 15 min. walk to get anywhere, maybe if you are walking in circles, it wouldn't even take you that long to get from one side to the other. The food was good, no complaints. We ate at the beach buffet restaurant every morning which was good. You have to be pretty picky to not be able to find anything to your liking. We ate at the a la cartes each night, Mexican, Thai Fusion, American and Japanese and really enjoyed them. We did not have a problem making reservations at all. We found that if you call right at 9am the line is busy so we waited until around 9:45-10:00ish and we were able to get into the restaurant our our choice, with a choice of reservation time each night.The drinks were good, we did not find the staff to be unfriendly, if you are friendly to them, they are friendly back. We did do a lot of tipping and I think they deserve it, they work long hours, almost every day and I am sure that they appreciate the tip. They were always grateful when a tip was recieved.We vacationed without our 3 little children and found it relaxing. There were many families with small children and it appeared to be a very family friendly resort.Overall it was a great vacation and would not hesitate to recommend it to others.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>gloriacalg
<Content>Large familky vacation 23 of our family members travelled to Melia Caribe, some stayed for 1 week Feb 7-14 and some stayed for 2 weeks Feb 7 - 21. We had an amazing vacation but for the sake of being brief, I won't repeat what has already been posted by the positive reviewers. Everything was absolutely wonderful! Our group included babies right up to elderly people and all generations in between. Not one person was sick or had a problem of any kind. We used most of the facilities including all the restaurants, kid's club, tennis, golf, bars, disco, karoke, etc and didn't have a single complaint. Golf can be prebooked on the Cocotal website for a fee of $25.00 and for our group this worked out perfectly. We all knew our tee times before we left home and they ranged between 7:00 and 8:00 AM everyday, money well spent. The course is beautiful and well run, make sure you take your coupon from the hotel guest services or they will charge you and then refund it when you bring the coupon back. If you are a single golfer, go hang around the golf carts at 7:00 AM and you're sure to be picked up by someone looking for a fourth as only foursomes can play. Be early! If you are taking the bus, allow for travel time, it's almost faster to walk. You can store your golf bag at the clubhouse for $5.00 for your entire stay.There are 2 identical sides to this hotel and when booking a large group be aware that you won't be able to book a family suite and an adult suite right next to each other. All the family suites, child care and kid friendly stuff is on the Tropical side and the pool is always full of kids. The adult Caribe side suites have sitting rooms, the Caribe pool is quiet and has no kids but can be very rowdy at the swim up bar. This pool is great for adults who want to swim and suntan without being bothered by other people's kids.I can also sympathize with the people from New York who had a bad experience as I believe we were there at the same time. The first week Feb 7-14 was absolutely amazing, we could go anywhere anytime and do what ever we wanted. There was no problem getting reservations for dinner, we even got in without reservations! There wasn't a lineup for the buffet, there were lots of chairs available at the pool and beach, you could walk on and play tennis anytime and have your pick of suites. The second week Feb 14-21 was a completely different story! It seemed like all the adults checked out and every adult who checked in had at least 5 kids! I think several school holidays coincided with this week, it was full to capacity and it was completely overrun with kids. I have stayed at at least 10 different all-inclusive resorts and I have never seen anything like it! It was more difficult to book reservations and they were very stict about their numbers, pool chairs were a bit more difficult to find but this was also because of greedy people putting towels on chairs that they never used. We already knew the system and worked around the kids, like staying at the pool later and eating later and avoiding lunch at the pool buffet to eat at the Marketplace (which was absolutely fabulous!)  Because the property is so large, you could spread out and not be bothered by other people. The beach is unbelievable and great for walking, the food was top notch and the people are friendly and helpful. It is definitely a European's destination and Russian, German, Austrian, British and Spanish were the largest groups. We had a great time and would return in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>swtbbyjayn
<Content>Beauty Every Where       this tree is so beautiful at night it's all lit up just gorgeous  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dick_Marian
<Content>Wonderful experience       Beautiful grounds  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funtimesEastCoast
<Content>Great resort Just arrives home from Melia Caribe TropicalWe found the staff to be pleaseant and helpful. tips are not expected but do help . we arrived late and had a room near the restaurants the first night but were able to change to nearer the beach the very next day. We were in 714 which was great for us. 1min to pool and beach and RIGHT next to the spa so after a day at the beach we relaxed in the spa every afternoon. spa has steam sauna and jacuzzi. jacuzzi did not work for a few days and i reccomend calling ahead to ask for the steam to be put on before you arrive as it was not alwyas on when i arrived. It is adversited that there is a teen disco. My boys are 17 and 13 and there is only one disco which was not populated very often although my 17 old met a ton of kids his age that he hung out with in the evening. Be prepared to speak to your teens about alchol they will serve ANYONE including my 13 year old even when he did not ask. reataurant have signature drinks that all served to all no questions asked. sercurity is pleantaful so i felt safe at all times and felt my teen was safe wandering about in the eveinging. as soon as you are off the property as you can do down the beach to go to market it is a differant story. my teen was approached and offered to buy pot, cocaine etc. i would not send a teen alone to the markets. We had a great ATV adventure which we signed up ofr right at the towel shack. we went through a banan plantation, swam in a cave and went to a beautifull beach that still has no hotels on it. the country side is third world and was an eye opener for my kids . kids do run after the atv's with hands out a a few points but it is not over wheleming at all. many countires vacation there french canandian russian . many women do go topless but it is not over abundant. Most everyone speaks english but some not well. it helps if youdo know spanish as i did. in a bind we were able to communiate better.there is a royal service that we did not take and do not feel it was worth it. trams are avaiable frequently to get you where your going. we tipped one golf cart fella early on and anytime he saw us he picked us up. royal has a private pool but...hint: there are pools at both spas and each time i was there ther was NOONE there so if you want a peaceful pool experience go to the spas.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mvl
<Content>Ready to Repeat At the end of January 2008, 4 of us again went to the Melia Tropical - this our 3rd year and had a wonderful time. We start as 2 couples for a week of golf and RR, then the girls go home and the guys are joined by 2 others for an additional week of golfing. We were lucky to get a Royal Service apartment as well as royal service everywhere in the resort. Our maid did a great job stocking our fridge and adjusting her schedule to our requests. Our waiters at the buffet lunch did so much to make our meals special and were ready with some take out refreshments.We come for the combination of a great golf course (walking distance) and spacious rooms and great service from the staff. The resort has recently upgraded its buffet dining area (from last year) and seem to provide consistently good service. The all-inclusive price from Toronto is very reasonable. The experience was superior. The weather was fantastic and we are ready to go back next year.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>threekidz
<Content>Nice looking resort, but. . . What a disappointment! My family and another family booked this trip with the highest of hopes, but were quickly let down upon arrival.First off--let me say that if you don't fall into the sales-pitch trap at the Melia, you will be treated as a second-class patron. When we first arrived a man name Daniel quickly greeted us and promised us dinner reservations and a private golf cart to bring us to dinner. Being naive guests, we thought this was just the kind of hospitality the Melia offered. Until Daniel said that when we had time he would like to show us their club membership. By then it was too late! So, the first night we had reservations at one of the restaurants, and two golf carts picked us up and whisked us off to what turned out to be a very frustrating dinner with so-so food, and a complete lack of communication. The next night, Daniel called to see if we needed reservations and a golf cart, to which we agreed. Fine. But by the next day when Daniel realized we had no intention of listening to the sales pitch, he quickly dropped us like a hot potato, and literally ignored us for the rest of the vacation. He would not even acknowledge our existence!The other problems were the total lack of communication, as well as the complete lack of care that they couldn't understand us. I tried to get by with basic Spanish--but that didn't even work. If you weren't constantly handing out money, you were useless. I understand that it's a very poor country, but come on--I'm on vacation and not a cheap one!We were staying in a family suite on the Tropical side--Villa 1 to be exact. Every night there was music BLASTING between the hours of 12 am and 3 am. We were told there was nothing they could do about that. The food was mediocre at best. The best restaurant was Hokkaido Japanese restaurant--we were actually so excited because we felt like we were home for a moment! Good luck getting reservations. For $7500, we ate at the buffet 4 out of 7 nights. We were also told that there was nothing they could do about that. It wasn't until I finally blew a fit that we got reservations in 2 other restaurants. The Dominican food one (gross) and the Mexican one.There were ants all over the bathroom and a GIGANTIC roach in the drawers where all of our clothes were. I could even deal with that--it's the caribbean, but on top of everything else it was just too much!Bottom line. The resort is beautiful--the grounds are spectacular. They just fall short in every way of being great. If you don't stay in the Royal Service section, or go to their sales talk, you are nothing to them. It's really sad because we looked forward to this trip for so long, and we were SO disappointed in the end. We couldn't wait to get home from day 2.Unfortunately, we heard a lot of people screaming and yelling while we were there. Rooms not available, no reservations in the restaurants, lack of communication, rudeness, we even met a family whose toilet literally exploded and nothing was done about it for hours!Hopefully we just hit it on a bad week, but we'll never know because we will NEVER return there!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>ra_112
<Content>A Great Vacation I stayed at the Melia from Feb 9 and 16 with my family. I have been to this hotel once before and it was an amazing experience: this time was no different. The Resort: The resort itself is gorgeous, the best kept grounds that I have ever seen in Punat Cana. Although it is a large resort , there are three trolleys constantly runnning to help you get around. But you should try to walk so that you can experince all the beautiful scenery around you.The Staff: The staff is extremley friendly and while some don't speak very good English they will always try to help you out. We actually made friends with a lot of the entertainment crew and the bartenders.The Beach: The resort is located on Bavaro beach, which is consodered one of the best beaches in the carribean. The sand is white and the water is a beatiful turquoise. There are no rocks or shells and relativley little seaweed. There is always plenty of beach chairs and shady areas if you don't like too much sun exposure. The Rooms: I noticed that the rooms had been updated from last year, they were painted a different color and flat screen televisions were added. The mattresses on the beds are really firm, but I never had a problem falling asleep. The rooms are always fully stocked and cleaned, although I did have to call for towels twice. The Food: The buffets had a descent selection of food and even if you are the pickiest eater you will never go hungry. There are burgers, fries, pizza, and steaks cooked right in front of you. There are also healthier options. The a la carte restaurants are amazing. I never had a problem getting a reservation - there was always a restaurant available. The best time to call is at 9:00 a.m for next day reservatons - but you can always book two night at a time. The French, Mexican, International, Chinese and Seafood were my favourites.  Entertainment: I am in my 20's and I found that the entertainment was more geared towards an older crowd or children. This is because thsi more fo a resort for families or couples. There is a disco which is open until 2:00 am but it is usually pretty empty. Nevertheess, if you are in my age renge you will likely meet others and have a good time. If you really want to party you can go to a club at another resort called Mangoo. It is really popular with tourists and locals and is actually safe if you go with a group of people. Overall, my family and I had an amazing vacation and will visit this resort again in the near future.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>johnp6559
<Content>A Wonderful Resort My wife an I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical. What a wonderful resort. From the moment we arrived I was impressed with the facility. I don't think I have ever stayed at a cleaner place than the Melia Caribe Tropical. From the grounds to all the facilities including the rooms the place was spotless. The staff and service was top notch. Everyone who worked at the resort that I encountered was very friendly and always willing to help. The food was well above average in my opinion and there were plenty of choices that it would be quite difficult to not be able to find something you liked. Personally, I preferred the buffets over the restaurants due to the fact that I enjoy having so many choices. Regardless of whether you went to a restauranrt or a buffet the food was not disappointing. If you're someone who enjoys cocktails there were ample bars located throughout the resort including at the pools and near the beach. The beach was gorgeous and so were either of the two main pools. Our room was spacious and very clean. The king sized bed was very comfortable and the air conditioning worked quite well as did the ceiling fan. No complaints here. What really set the resort apart in my opinion was the way it looked at night. The landscape lighting and the main buildings by the two lobby's were amazing at night. Everthing is open air with beautiful lighting throughout. Simply gorgeous. Needless to say, I would go back again without hesitation and highly recommend the Melia Caribe Tropical to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>welove2travel01
<Content>Beautiful, but large property       Beach  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>1sussex1
<Content>Loved it My Family and I have recently returned from the Melia and we loved it! After i booked our trip I went on this site and read the reviews and I must say I was rather nervous in going (especially since we were travelling with our 18month old daughter). However, upon our arrival we were quickly impressed! check in only took about 20 mins. bell boy took us  our lougage to our room (my husband offered him $10 to get us there quickly and it worked) - they also gave us a early check-in. Our room had 2 single beds (this was not going to work) back to the front desk we went. Not only did they change our room but we got an up grade at no charge. close to the pool and beach. the train was always at the stop within minutes of us arriving and our daughter loved the ride! we also tossed one guy 20 bucks to take care of us during the week , if we needed a golf cart he was there everytime we needed him. Our maid brought milk to our room every day for our little one, so, we would have here bottle morning and night. We did not have a royal service room - but the area looked really nice.Yep, the resort is massive but easy enought to get around. Should you really be in a big rush to get somewhere when on vacation? some could use the extra walk after eating at anyone of the 11 restuarants (we didn't like the seafood rest)!!!Spa: so relaxingScuba diving: my husband is an avide diver and he wasn't overly impressed.Daycare:  it just isn't for us but many parents were leaving there kids there and had no problems that we heard.Sure things don't move as quickly as they do in Canada or the US but remember your on vacation - relax and enjoy and give these people a break and warm up a bit to there culture and way of life. Bottom line the service was great, the food was awsome  no problem with dinner reservations, ever.Canadian family who will be going back!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ammapappa
<Content>Great Holiday Stayed at the Melia Tropical Jan 31 - Feb 8/08. We were a group of 5 adults, a 4 year old, and a 7 month old. We had a fantastic time and would not hesitate to go there again.We encountered two minor problems - first our check in - we had requested a family junior suite and a junior suite in close proximity (other adults were grandparents there to help out with the little ones and wanted to be located close by.) They had booked the family into the Caribe side - and the grandparents on the Tropical side. The resort is so large that we would have spent most of our time getting back and forth between the villas. As stated in one of the other reviews there was a lot of staring at the computer screen and not much happening to solve the problem. Four separate people came and stared at the screen - our check in took almost two hours and we were the only group checking in at the time. Problem seems to be that the check in staff did not have the training/knowledge to handle the problem. We did get checked in and the following day our son and family got their family suite - we were only a two minute walk from their villa to ours so that turned out ok.The golfing - you have four rounds of golf per person included in the package. When trying to book times - we were unable to book anything but afternoon and if you have ever golfed in DR in the afternoon you know it is not something you want to do very often. It seems to me that when you book a trip that includes golf you have in fact paid for four rounds of golf so you should be able to prebook this prior to arrival - without having to pay an arm and a leg on top of it to do so. Their explanation was that you are competing with so many other hotels/golfers you have to take your chances on times.- Again my argument - you have already paid for the rounds - why should you have to compete with those who are paying as they go? We were also told that we could only book two days ahead but when we got to the course the girl there said that was not true you could book all four rounds ahead of time. She gave us the low down on the availability - many of the tour operators book up a whole lot of time slots and may or may not use them all so if you call after 3:30 in the afternoon you may luck into an early tee time for the next morning. The course was beautiful and we bit the bullet and golfed in the afternoon.Now for the great stuff:The people - all were very friendly, from maids, to waiters, to bartenders. While they may not have great English language skills they were always smiling. We had been worried about the time share people Sol Melia and were not looking forward to being harassed but this did not happen. The guys were friendly but were not pushy (except for one fellow on the last day who really wanted us to go on a tour but backed off nicely when we said we weren't interested). They ride around in golf carts and picked up our whole group many times (including the baby's stroller) and gave us rides to the lobby.The train was a big hit with the granddaughter. We never had to wait any longer than five minutes for it and since there were three of them we didn't have to do much walking.The restaurants - wonderful, wonderful. The buffets were great - both the large one in the lobby area and the one at the beach. You could get anything from pasta cooked to order, to roast turkey, to pork chops or steaks grilled in front of you.The a la carte restaurants were fantastic. We never had any trouble booking - would book for two nights at a time. We ate at the Mexican, American Grill (great steaks), the Dominican, the Italian, the International, and the Japanese which was the favourite of all. The chef did a wonderful job cooking and entertaining and our waiter was hilarious. The pool was so big - we had a floatie mattress and you could lay out on it with your book or your drink and never bump into anybody. Lots of loungers, lots of thatched roof shaded spots, and several cabanas which were great when you had a 7 month old who you didn't want in direct sun. We spent 8 - 9 hours a day out by the pool and along the beach and it was great.Our son and daughter in law went parasailing and took the little one out in the paddle boats. We couldn't get over the sand - no seashells or stones to cut the feet. There was some seaweed but it was raked and it did not take away from the fun on the beach.The bartenders were awesome - although each had their own way of mixing a drink. A frozen margarita may be made several different ways depending on the bartender - they all tasted great. The lobby areas had a lot of wicker and a lot of very comfortable couches and loungers to relax on. The rooms were extremely clean, the fridge always stocked. There were no bugs - we had come prepared but were pleasantly surprised. The weather was fantastic - had two days where it sprinked a bit of rain. Lots of security on this resort - around the villas, on the beach - all very friendly. The vendors on the beach kept their distance which was nice. The positive far out weighs the negative of our trip. The check in did get looked after and we did get our golf so they were just two minor glitches in an otherwise fantastic holiday. All in all a holiday is what you make it - we went with the idea that we were going to have a wonderful time and it certainly lived up to our expectations.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>ShyFrost
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical is the place to stay! :-) It has been over six months since my stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical and I still felt compelled to write something great about the establishment. I am not really big on writing reviews about things, but I realized how much the reviews helped me before I went on my trip so I wanted to be a part of that. The resort was beautiful. It was very well maintained and the people were extremely helpful. We were lucky enough to be able to go Royal Service, which afforded us an air conditioned facility for check in, plush seating, and wonderful Mimosas! The staff there was very helpful and made sure that all of our questioned were answered and we had everything that we needed for the start of our stay. There was a little mix up with the rooms, which was handled in a very timely manner. The rooms were beautiful! Very clean, well laid out and the furniture and beds were quite comfortable. The air conditioner was a little tricky to operate but once we figured it out, it was phenomenal. We didn't spend lots of time in the rooms, but everything was always cleaned and I love the fact that they have bath sheets instead of mere towels, that was a definite bonus. The staff were not all fluent in English, but what can you really expect in a Spanish speaking country? I will say that more spoke English than didn't and they were all very eager to help in any way that they could. They were also very appreciative if you tried to speak their language, even if you probably suck at it like I do! LOL The Gabi restaurant at the Royal Service was great! The service was impeccable and the food was even better. All of our dining there was thoroughly enjoyed, but the menu can be limited at times so you definitely want to mix it up. The RS pool was also beautiful.... great temperature and it was never too crowded. Like many people have said, you have to be sure to make reservations at the other restaurants a day in advance. During our stay we tried the italian restaurant, La Gondola, the Mexican and the Dominican restaurant. The italian restaurant was nothing special. I actually found the food to be rather bland but still edible. The mexican was very flavorful, maybe a little too much at times, but enjoyable. The Dominican was really good and flavorful. The staff was always present and very ready to accomodate you with whatever you needed. Also... be careful of the things that you sign up to do when you are in the lobby of the hotel. The hotel is not responsible if things go wrong. For instance, we signed up to go to this dance club called the Cave. We waited in from of the hotel for an hour and no one showed up. We later find out that it had been cancelled and we were not notified. My friend had to go through two days of tracking the woman down to get our money back! It was totally ridiculous and one of the times that we really wished that we sopke the language! On the flip side, I would really recommend going ATVing! It was an amazing experience and the beach that they took us to was absolutely breath-taking! We also got the opportunity to go cave diving which was scary and amazing and a welcome break from the heat! I would recommend this hotel for anyone.... friends wanting to relax, honeymooners, families. It is a huge place with something for everyone!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vinmega
<Content>Nice Resort We just returned from Sol Melia Tropical today and this is my honest assesment of the resort and what to expect from the people.First, the property is beautiful. Beach is nice, facilites are nice, restaurants are nice. Very well maintained. The staff is nice and everything is on par. Dominicans are not the friendliest people and they talk crap as you walk away if you dont leave a tip EVERYTIME you get a drink or anything! ( I speak spanish)Its a little annoying with the constant shakedown. Bring lots of singles to hand out! No Joke. English is not the norm for most people in the DR, so know a little spanish.Also, be wary of a company called VIP Tours offering ATV rides.They tend to have problems with american express cards and cant seem to resolve them on their own forcing you to call amex and having to hand the phone to the hotel rep to get it straight. Its a little ametuer for such a large resort. The atv ride is alot of fun, you go to a cave and swim, you go to the ocean and swim on a perfect beach, but again, be aware, the locals will set up a table wherever you are, and try to aggressivly sell you the same crap!!ITs a real shame, so many idle hands there and its a very poor country. Bottom line, we travel alot, and will not go back to the DR. Places like Jamaica, and Bahamas etc seem to have more professional people in tourisim than in the DR.Maybe they dont understand that your money is a major driver of their economy as the average Dominican makes about $2500 per yer.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	5	2	4	

<Author>Gord-Pat
<Content>Great Beach  We were bumped to this resort 24 hours before departure by Transat Holidays and having never stayed at a 1000+ room resort, we were skeptical. Once settled in, we realized that it was a true 4.5 star, almost 5 star resort. Pools and beach were, hands down, the nicest we've ever seen and we've been to 5 star resorts in Jamaica,Cuba,Barbados,Mexico. Also, the grounds were amazing - lush tropical...not a scrap of garbage either. We stayed in building 21near the lobbies....a three minute train ride plus two minute walk to pools/beach....not a big deal, since after 5 PM we were close to all the restaurants,lobby bars,casino,theatre,disco, etc. Buffet meals were fine.Three a-la-cart meals were good. Only negatives were that you must phone for a-la-cart reservations............lots of luck!!! Phone line is busy,busy,busy...then no answer,no answer....!!!!! Also a problem with room key cards X 2 . Lucky we were a 2 minute walk from reservation desk, but it took 3 trips to convince them that the box on the door was the problem!!!! ARG!!! Oh yeah, the time share sales people were a royal pain,pretending to be helpful staff, but once you have a bit of a tan,they leave you alone as they prey mostly on new white fresh meat arrivals. We'd return to this resort, but definitely for TWO weeks next holiday.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>wrldtravlr345
<Content>Loved the Melia, even though Lost Baggage! My husband and 2 1/2 year old stayed at this resort Jan 31-February 7. I can't really understand some of the complaints that are written here about service etc because we didn't experience any of that. We arrived at airport and discovered that my husband's suitcase did not arrive so our holiday was not off to a good start. We had to fill in a lost baggage report hoping that our suitcase would show up in the next couple of days.When we arrived at the Melia it was wonderful - we booked Royal Service and arrived in the VIP Lounge and the scented candles and mimosas made us much more relaxed after a long trip and lost luggage. The front desk was really quick and whisked us by golf cart with the luggage that did show up to our Master Suite. When we arrived our 'butler' showed us the room and he showed us around, gave his number if we needed him.RoomThe Master Suite had a large king size bed seperated by a sliding door which our daughter would be sleeping in so we didn't have to go to bed at 9 pm! That left my husband and I out on the pull out in the living room which is not comfortable at all - lumpy mattress and you could feel the springs but oh well, it's a beautiful place and we're away from frigid temps!The bathroom had a large tub and shower and was the perfect room for us. The hairdryer was great as some hotels seem to have the weakest dryers and we did have a problem with our balcony door and the maintenance guy fixed it promptly.GroundsAs many have mentioned this resort is huge but we were expecting that and don't mind wallking as many times we would eat too much and the walk was great or if we're tired take the train which our daughter loved. At night, she liked to take the train around after it was dark and look at all the lights. We were told this resort is 127 acres. I'm sure glad we brought our stroller!FoodAs with Royal Service getting in the restaurants is no problem and we went to the Japanese (not really impresed like others have been), French (good), Dominican (good), Italian (average), Thai - very good it was our favorite. We ate at the Gabi Club a couple of times but wasn't really impressed with the food or selection but it was okay.For the buffet we liked the buffet on the Caribe side, great crossisants, better selection of fruit, dark chocolate at night yummm. We ate there mainly at breakfast.Kids ClubReally impressed with the kids activities. For the babies and toddlers they had an air condiitoned room inside which we always took our daughter outside as we are inside too much in our climate and she loved the 'Flinstone house' oustide with all the toys, painting t-shirt and playing with all the sand toys. Once she was hot she would cool off in the kiddie pool beside the Flinstone house. She also saw and got her picture taken with Fred and loved that. From where we were staying on the Royal Service side, it was about a 15 min walk which was fine with us. The grounds are so beautiful.We never left her there as we're not really comfortable with that but Burliss (sp?) was terrific with our daughter and gave her a little parting gift. The Club was terrific. Highly recommended.We of course loved the pools, drinks (yummy pina coladas), you could taste the alcohol and never a problem getting chairs in the sun and also to get palapas. I've stayed in some all inclusives where it's impossible to get palapas at all because sometimes people are greedy and put their stuff on them but don't show up all day. We had fun at the beach as well and our daughter's happiness was number 1 and she and us didn't get sick and we ate and drank everything. The weather was great, rained for a couple of days for ten minutes then stopped and then back to hot again.I went on one excursion through Carribean Festival - swimming with sharks and stingrays and had a good time and have a DVD of this. The service of this resort was awesome, the front desk people tried to help us locate our bag and with their spanish communicating to others it really helped, they also readily answered questions and were always available and spoke great English for our limited Spanish. The room service was awesome and basically we could have whatever we wanted. I thought at the end we would get some extra charges but it was truly an all inclusive.We are now home and our bag still hasn't shown up (so mad at Air Canada!) and it did put a damper on our holiday but so glad the service and the resort was so great and so were the people. We were so happy to be away from -40 and enjoying the 60 degree weather change - how can you really complain? Wish we were still there.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A&JRegina
<Content>Great Resort, Like a Town in Itself       Beach - Melia Caribe  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Grandwood
<Content>Relaxation at it's finest! My husband and I (and best friend and her husband) went to Melia Caribe Tropical in December of 2007 to celebrate our 40th birthdays. It was fantastic and exactly what we were looking for.First of all, upgrade to Royal Service. It was the best $300 investment I ever made. Royal Service gives you nicer rooms, a nicer pool, better alcohol and first choice for restaurant reservations. The pool for Royal Service was not crowded at all. It has large beds under huts right next to the pool. The pool even has covered lounge areas in the pool. The drinks were fantastic and top shelf alcohol was available upon request.I would not recommend the spa. It was less than relaxing, very noisy, not very clean. They have two spas so if you get a package, you do part of the package at one location then go to the other location for the remainder of the package. The restaurants are great. We especially enjoyed the Japanese restaurant. The room was very spacious and clean. We did have to call twice for assistance in repairing our air conditioning but they did come fix it and left two CROSS wallets on our bed with an apology letter. Don't pay for the wireless internet. The only place you can get wireless is near the computer stations. We could not get wireless to work by the pools or in our rooms. The Royal Service lounge does have 2 computers with 20 minutes of free internet a day. The resort is an open air resort. It was amazing to me at how clean the resort was being an open air resort. We found it beautiful. The staff was very friendly. They were willing to help in any way. We did find they would accept tipping but did not act as though it were required. We can't wait to go back and take the kids too. They had an amazing high and low ropes course that the kids would love. They had trams to take you through the resort as it was huge. Our room was a long way from the beach but we spent most time at the beautiful pool anyway.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Sunny2009
<Content>Royal Service A Must We stayed from jan 8 - 22 and one thing, if you book royal service make sure you book a Royal Service Master Suite if you book the jr you will just get a regular room with with the Royal amenities. so get the master suite!!!!! the room is much nicer with the jet tub and all.Food is excellent.... if you ask for lobster they will get it for you even though it is not on the menu!!!Go on the Scuba Do it is excellent and i would do it again in a heart beat!!!i could go on and on...this is our 2nd time to this resort and we are going back again to the palma real next year (right next door/sister hotel) couldn't say enought about either hotel other then Melia is very large so if you don't like to walk DON'T GO.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tsunami
<Content>Really nice time, we should have stayed longer Just got back from a 5 night stay with my girlfriend and am sorry that we didn't stay longer. I had read the reviews of the Melia Caribe on this site so I felt I went down there well informed and prepared for whatever may come.First off, we did not take the royal service. We really didn't see any benefit, except for at the beach, where they had better chairs and a bar right at the edge of the sand.We had no problems checking in. We arrived at about 3PM, our room was ready, and we were chauffered by golf cart right to our room. The room was clean and comfortable. We could have used more towels, but we made due. The air conditioner worked almost too good, it got cold fast. Not enough closet or drawer space.The al la carte restaurants were very good. The food is enjoyable, not gourmet, but we didn't expect that, so we were not upset. The presentation and service were all top notch.***Here's a tip - If you can't get a reservation in the morning for the restuarant that you want, wait until 1:30 in the afternoon when they get a bunch of cancellations. We were told that they Japanese place was booked two days solid, called back at about 2 PM, and were able to get reservations at 9 for that night.The Japanese place was probably the best, but we also tried and enjoyed the Dominican, and Italian ones. The American grill was not bad, but nothing special. I would skip it next time.Breakfast and Lunch we had at the buffets. They were pretty much the same thing every day, but then again, how much variety is there with breakfast food? All of the food was made well and there was plenty of it.The shows at night at the Caribe were really enjoyable. I have stayed at many resorts and usually the entertainment is cheesy, but not this time. One night we were entertained by a bunch of acrobats who flipped and tumbled and such. Another night there was a band ( the Party Animals ????) who sounded fantastic. They really got the crowd into it. Granted it wasn't Broadway, but we really enjoyed ourselves at the shows.The one drawback of the Melia is the fact that the place is enormous. It took us a little while to get our bearings and to figure out where everything is. We had a room very close to the pool and beach which was great because all we had to do was walk out of our room and we were right there. If we forgot something, like our camera, we were able to walk right back to our room to get it. At night we would take a train ride to where the restaurants, casino, and lobby bar are located. I think if our room was situated the other way around,close to the lobby and away from the beach, it would have been annoying.We only found two bugs in the bathroom, and a baby lizard (my girl freaked out) in our room which wasn't too bad.Service was always very friendly. We were polite and gracious to them, and they were right back to us. Once in a while a bit of a language barrier, but we easily managed around it.Not the greatest selection at the bars. We basically stuck with Presidente during the day and simple mixed drinks at night. One night we drank Champagne, which although it wasn't Dom Perignon, it wasn't too bad. Between the two of us we polished off three bottles. You must try the Mamajuana, the native vitality drink made with rum, red wine and honey. I loved it, my girlfriend thought it was only OK, but it is such a big thing that you almost feel required to at least sample it.***Here is another tip- Bring a bunch of single dollar bills with you. Although you aren't required to tip, a few dollars goes a long way! You will get better service beyond a doubt. We were treated like a king and queen at the lobby bar for 8 dollars! Especially when many other guests seemed quite rude, a little appreciation for the staffs hard work went far.One more complaint, although not the fault of the Melia's, - People can be miserable and rude, even on vacation. Not to name countries, but there were quite a few tourists from one who we beat twice in World Wars, who were jerks. Never smiled, didn't even acknowledge you were alive, pushed at buffet lines, nasty to the staff and were just all around morons. I wanted to get into with one or two of them but my girlfriend kept reminding me, that we are on vacation. She was right, why let them ruin my good time.Plus WAAAAAYYYYYY too many speedos on fat guys by the pool.All and all though, I did have a very nice time, and although I wouldn't go back (i always want to go somewhere new ), I would reccommend it highly.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>CalgaryGood4u
<Content>Great People /Great Resort = GREAT VACATION I have been home for less than 24 hours, and already looking forward to my next vacation to this wonderful Resort.As i stated in the title it is truly to the people who work there who make this resort wonderful.My sister and i arrived on the 17 of Jan for what would be the most enjoyable 2 week vacation we have ever had. Two years ago we were also in Punta Cana we did stay at a different resort, but due to some changes in the package this year compared to two years ago we decided to try something different and so the Melia Caribe was chosen.From the moment we arrived at the resort we were wisked away to the Royal Service lobby, where the ambience was that of stepping into a spa. We were the only ones on our bus who were in RS and so we were checked in very quickly. We were then driven to our room which was a Deluxe Jr. Suite. We had the 2 double beds and the room size was perfect for 2 people. The two gentlemen who helped us to our room Victor and Sergio were very helpful and walked us through the services and how and who to contact for certain requests and reservations. It was then to the Gabi Restaurant for a late dinner. This place was wonderful you had the choice of a buffet dinner or A la Carte . I would like to make reference to a particular gentleman who worked at the Gabi and who went out of his way to make every vistit to this restaraunt a special one, to Wandy i say Thank you very much. Another Thank you goes out to the young woman who cleaned our room ( i truly appologize for not getting your name) but she cleaned the units in 4324 block. Your artistic creations with some towels and Hibiscus flowers were incredible and the room was alway meticulus. We spent time in other areas of the resort and off it as well and the experiences were all the same, these people are the true treasure of this Island and the geographical beauty is a big bonus.For those of you who choose not to have RS do not worry as i truly believe that your experience will be a positive one as well.I also had a chance to play 8 rounds of Golf at the Cocotal Golf  CC with people from all parts of the world, and again the experience was great, To all the staff who work there a great big Thank you as well.There is so much i could say and i may go on forever, so if you have any questions feel free to contact me through the proper channels and i will be more than happy to answer your questions.In ending i would like to say do not hesitate to book this resort, you will not be dissapointed, and i wish i had a booked date for a return visit marked on my calendar , as i have no doubt as to whether or not i will be going back to this Wonderful Resort.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pottylorraine
<Content>Tropical paradise       Caribe Lobby  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	-1	3	3	

<Author>morganne2
<Content>Royal Service ONLY We stayed at the Melia in Punta Cana from Jan 14th to the 21st 2008. This hotel is ONE BIG SITE that is divided in two sections; Caribe and Tropical.The Royal service is on the Caribe side. The resort and the grounds are magnificent. Everything is impecable. The staff is very pleasant.ROOMS : We were in the Royal service section and the rooms were very adequate. Nothing amazing because we had a junior suite with a king bed, the master suites are much nicer.. The bathroom is small though....But, they are kept very clean. There are two maids for every room; the daytime maid for the cleaning and the nightime maid for the turndown service.POOLS : There is a very nice pool in the Royal service section and a kiddie pool also. The lounge chairs and palapas are truly superb! There is also pool service starting from 8 in the morning to 6 at night if you don't want to get up from your chair to eat or drink!!!! Please tip them, they do a terrific job in all that heat!The rest of the resort offers pools in the caribe section and the tropical section but no pool service and the chairs are all stacked against each other, no privacy possible.BEACH : The beach was very pretty but it was disapointing that there was a lot of seaweed even if they do work hard at picking it up every morning. Last year, we were at the Majestic, and there was no seaweed in the ocean...maybe because the location is not the same??? But, the Royal Service has a private beach section with daybeds and lounge chairs and lots of palapas...The caribe and tropical section is much more crowded but the same water and sand! Royal service has waiters serving you also at the beach!FOOD : The food at the A La Carte Restaurants was disapointing except for the italian ( La Gondola). The buffet was the best, can you believe that? There was even a waiting line at the buffet if you got there after 8h30! For Royal service, there is a private restaurant called the Gabi that offers breakfeast and lunch buffet and dinner (a la carte). It is VERY good and the waiters are so friendly. KIDSCLUB : The Flintstones are at the Melia...but on the Tropical side, near the beach and the pool. It is very far from the Royal service section. But, it has supervision and many activities. There is also a Tree obstacle course and some trampolines!SERVICE : I know a lot of people complain about the service at this hotel but we did not experience any problems with service, except in the A la Carte Restaurants where they didn't seem to care very much to serve you...As for everything else, being in the Royal section, service was The best thing! We traveled with our two young daughters, 2 and 5, and we had a wonferful vacation. Would we go back? Probably not, just because it was just TOO BIG....You can't walk anywhere! You allways have to take the train or private cart service that is furmished in the Royal section. With children so young, it is definetly a major proble. After having visited the Caribe and Tropical section, I'm glad we took the Royal service option) Do not upgrade on site, it will cost you much more!).We have no regrets about going though...It is such a beautiful place.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>PLAYDOH12
<Content>royal relaxation There were 6 of us who have never been to the Dominican Republic, so of course we were set on our path. We were there Jan. 18 - 25. After much research we opted to go for the Royal Service. After our experience, we would never have it any other way. The staff, accommodations, food were excellent. I was suprised at night to come back to our room and our maid had made figures out of towels everynight. It was such a pleasure to see somthing new every night. It was not very crowded so we were able to get great seats at either the pool or the beach. The VIP sevice was great for dinner reservations and pillow service. We did bring a lot of $1 for tipping and of course the service stepped up a notch more. Enjoyed the shrimp coctail and seafood salad delivered to us while enjoying the pool. All of us would not want to stay at another resort and are planning to go back again. Enjoy and Hola!Karen and FriendsMilford, CT  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>neenysue
<Content>What a wonderful resort! We had a lovely beach vacation in a beautiful resort. All of the staff were welcoming, thoughtful, and helpful. On one very rainy day, they provided us with fun things to do, and their happy moods kept us laughing and happy, too. The rooms were spacious, clean, and tastefully decorated. The food was excellent. Kelly, the concierge with whom we worked, was able to get dinner reservations for us every night in the restaurants we desired. This resort surpassed my expectations.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cdnbvr
<Content>Great family vacation. We just came back from a week in Punta Cana.This was our first time at an all inclusive resort.We had a great time. 18 of us went for a family wedding, 6 of them were kids under 8.The staff at the resort were all excellent. The beds (doubles) were a bit small for our family of four, but we were so tired after a day of swimming we didn't seem to mind.The resort is very big though, many times we took the train from our room to the pools. A couple of times we had to wait about 5 minutes but no big deal.Since we had so many kids with us we mainly ate at the buffet restaurants which were great, but by the end of the week we were tired of eating so much food and were eating mostly soup and salads. One night we did eat at the Japanese restaurant, it was fantastic, we had no problems booking a table and our chef Jerry was great.The only problem we had was with other travellers, there were a few that were down right rude and obnoxious towards the staff of the hotel. One woman started yelling at the buffet hostess for speaking to her in spanish, it was quite embarrassing.I thought that the smoking would bother me (being from Canada we are smoke free in public places) but it wasn't bad at all.I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>kkm15
<Content>Great Place for Vacation We just had our family vacation (9 of us) at the Melia. I thought this was an awesome place. We upgraded to Royal Service. It's well worth the price. You are closer to the restaurants, pools and beaches. You are not right on the beach, but it could be worse. Our rooms where very nice and clean. We felt the service was awesome, especially if you tipped. We travel to many places and the food was not bad. There are so many restaurants, you can鈥檛 make them all, but don鈥檛 bother going to the American Grill 鈥?that was horrible! And the French restaurant (Ma Maison) wasn鈥檛 that great either. El Guarapo (Dominican) and Hokkaito (Japanese) were are favorites. We would go back again. Also, we did one of those excursions 鈥?ours was a complete ripoff. If they tell you 1 陆 hours to get there; double the time. We did the Catalina Island trip 鈥?don鈥檛 waste your time or money. Other people we spoke too, loved the Four Wheels motorbikes excursion. And also don鈥檛 waste your time taking your picture with the dolphins, another scam. It鈥檚 $75 to get in the pool with the dolphins and get a quick picture and out you go. But if you have kids, going to the park and seeing the dolphins in something to do. Over all, we were happy with the vacation. Very nice place.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkLovethebeach
<Content>Had a fabulous time A group of 16 of us just got back from a week at the melia CaribeI know many have written some pretty bad reviews about this place - trust me - not sure where they stayed because we had a great time. the area of rooms we stayed in was building 27 we were 5 minute walk from the beach - and a 10 minute walk to the restaurants. Some hints When you get there if you have a large party make group dinner reservations early - The Dominican restaurant was excellent -and is open most of the night for a late night snack. Make reservations each day early in the morning 900am dial 6313. You must make reservations a day ahead . They will not take them for a full week. All the restaurants are decorated beautifully and food is wonderful. If you just want to grab a quick bite the Market Place is very good and so is the Touray restaurant on the beach - we had breakfast there most mornings. To make sure you get a nice shaded hut on the beach go out at 730am put a book and towel out. We did this most mornings to secure spot in the sun and then have some shade under the hut. Rooms were cleaned everyday - fresh beach towels on the way to the beach or pool - staff were very friendlly and helpful - each room comes with iron board, iron, blowdryer umbrella for rain days and a safe. There are so many beautiful places to sit relax and have a drink. Not alot of places to shop - they do have 2 stores on premises has all basic needs. Take lots of pictures the grounds are amazing. No need for Royal service - overated ! Look for Sven the Norweigan waiter on the beach he is fabulous~~  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>natsterdyson
<Content>Our honeymoon week This was our second week. First was at the Bavaro Princess. If I had to compare the two I would have to say that the food at the Melia was very very good. The a la cartes where delicious and a must try. But this is food you can get back home. Everything was cook with species that we knew.I was very turned off by the sales people trying to sell us time shares. They are everywhere at this resort. Right down to the beach. This resort was gorgeous I can't take that away from them. But I think it caters to a much higher class guest. It's very hoyty toyty. While we sat at a restaurant the crowd was much older then us. The staff aren't as welcoming and friendly. But they do know how to speak English very well.The beach was nice but no where as beautiful as the Princess.The rooms are clean and average. No beer or rum, no fancy towels and no fresh flowers. Even when you did leave a few dollars for the maid.I think you get much better services if you are a member or wearing the brown (upgraded) bracelets.The train only stop where it is suppose to stop. And the road you walk on is very busy with other traffic such as golf carter, scooters and truck. Move over!!!!The grounds however are breath taking for sure.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ArkansasRazorbackfan
<Content>Will definitely go back! We just returned from the Melia on January 19, 2008. We had read all of the reviews and were a little worried. First of all, the resort is huge. It is also completely amazing. Every inch is manicured with flamingos and peacocks hanging around. We thoroughly enjoyed exploring the entire place. There is always a breeze and it was never hot or cold. The trains ran constantly so you could ride if you wanted. Our room was clean and very nice. We did see 2 roaches the first day and none therafter. We had the teeniest ants that I have ever seen on occasion, but, after all, you are in the jungle. Our housekeeper was very sweet and very accomodating with anything we wanted. They do not, however, have any washcloths.The people are beautiful, outside and inside. They are always ready with a hello and a smile. They seemed to be very genuine and willing to help with anything.As far as the restaurants, we made a reservation for the Japanese restaurant at guest services for the very night when arrived. It was wonderful! We would also recommend the Thai, American Grill, Capri and all of the buffets are wonderful. The only one that we did not like was the French (Ma Maison). The buffet has a syrup fountain for breakfast and a chocolate fountain for dinner. You are waited on with extreme efficiency. Our impression of the resort was one of elegance and we will definitely go back. As a matter of fact, we are already trying to book next year. Oh yeah, we won $330.00 at the casino while we were there. Added bonus! We were greeted at checkin with glasses of banama mamas and went right to our room. There's so much to tell, I'm sure I've forgotten something.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>oma3t
<Content>Loved it. Long Island, New York We spend a week at the Melia. It was beautiful, relaxing. Just what we were looking for. My husband played golf with friends. Loved it. The course is across the street. Easy to get to. He played his best round ever. The place is big, and it took us awhile to figure out the layout. We traveled with friends that have a vacation club there. So that helped The staff and people vacationing also helped if you needed it. The food was good so were the drinks. We like to travel, and Punta Cana was not on the top of our list.Well, we are going back in a few weeks. We bought a vacation club 6 months after we came home. We are planning to stay at other Melia resorts in the future.Yes we really did like it. The sales people did try talking to you. That's how the earn there living. A smile and a friendly no works.Be nice to people and they are nice to you!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ingerr
<Content>Fantastic Time!!! Our family of 4 including 2 children ages 2 and 4 just returned from a fabulous week from Jan 10 - 17 at Melia Caribe Tropical. We had an absolutely wonderful time.We spent our first 4 days on the Tropical side in a family suite right next to both the pool and the beach. Upon arrival we were originally booked for a building near the lobby in a standard room but my husband tipped $50 and requested a room near the beach and we were upgraded to a family suite that would have cost much more had we booked thru our travel agency. The room is comfortable and adequate but nothing to brag about. It was cleaned promptly everyday and new towels and mini fridge stocked everyday without any problems. Only saw one large beetle on one day in the room. The beds are way too hard!On our 4th day we decided to look into upgrading to royal service and after seeing the room we were sold. The one bedroom suites were absolutely fantastic and were like a good size apartment. If you have kids, I definitely recommend this room as it gives you so much more freedom when the kids are napping/sleeping. We had an amazing time on the royal service side and would highly recommend it if you have the money. We will definitly return!The beach is absolutely beautiful on both the royal service and regular side. There are plenty of lounge chairs available everywhere. Lots of activities are available for everyone. All the restaurants were good especially the Gabi in Royal Service, the Japanese, and the Mexican. We also ate at the American Grill which was just okay. The MarketPlace buffet was good and you'd have to be pretty picky if you can't find something you don't like. We very much enjoyed eating breakfast and some lunches at the beach restaurants as well. It is so beautiful enjoying a meal while watching the ocean. It's also nice having lunch at the pool on the Royal Service side. We enjoyed a lot of different food at the resort and never felt sick at all. We found the service at the resort to be very good on both sides. Tipping and treating people nicely will get you a long way. These people work so very hard but will go out of their way to make you happy if you treat them right. While on the Tropical side, we met a great guy who gave us a lift on his golf cart. We mentioned we were having difficulty getting reservations at the Japanese and he promptly got us a reservation at the time of our choice the following evening for a private seating and then came and got us every night for dinner - too cool. On the royal service side, the staff just couldn't seem to do enough for you. We felt as if we were royalty and very much enjoyed our stay. We did not use the kids club but did go in to check it out. A couple of the ladies seemed very nice and as the week went by we felt very comfortable with a few of them. I didn't get as good of a feeling from some of them so check it out for yourself. The older kids did seem like they were enjoying themselves. A couple on the Royal Service side appeared to have a nanny provided by the resort and she seemed awesome. If you have the money, it might be a nice way to catch a break here or there. I enjoyed 2 massages while at the resort - one on the Tropical side by the pool and one in the spa. Both were very good but I actually enjoyed the one by the pool more as it seemed more relaxed. The timeshare people can be annoying at times but it really didn't bother me too much. All in all, I really don't have any complaints and we had a great time. As with anything, it is what you make of it. We will definitely return to this resort again and would have not have any problem recommending it. It was a great value for the money. Go and enjoy!!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>monrickca
<Content>Great ,would love to go back!!!!! We booked our vacation with applevacations from dec. 16-23. We got there and check in was nice , quick and friendly . We have 3 children and stayed in a family junior suite which was nice and pretty big . There is 12 restaurants and we only got to try 8 of them. Here is how we'd rate the ones we tried:1. Japenese(excellent)2.French(delicious)3.Dominican(really good)4.American(really good)5.Agora buffet(good)6.Turey grill(good)7.International(so-so)8.Italian(no taste)There are a lot of things to do for kids . There's rock climbing , ziplines and obstacle course , bungee jumping on trampolines , fun pub , flinstones land , Arcade . The pools are nice and big with a nice bar .The beach is really nice . There is no big waves or nothing . The shows are fantastic we never wanted to leave but we had to . The resort is pretty big so you kind of have to walk a little bit but it was always fine for us . It was one of the best experiences we've ever had and would love to go back but usually we try different things .  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>gracibabi
<Content>Great Value for Your Money My husband and I spent one week at this resort, from Jan 7-14 and it was great value for our money. My first all-inclusive in the Caribbean and my husband's 2nd. For context, we're Canadians in our late 20's and were celebrating our 1st anniversary. Guests: There was a mix of North Americans and Europeans at this resort. Lots of families and kids, but kids were well-behaved and didn't spoil our romantic vacation.Flight, Transportation + Check-in: we travelled on a Monday, which was great as the flight was half full and we were the only travelers checking in, so it took less than 15 minutes. Melia is located less than 30 min from the airport - convenient as we were the first passengers to be dropped off by Sunquest's airport bus service and the last to be picked up on departure day. I'd recommend paying $25 for a taxi to go back to the airport. Sunquest's shuttle dropped us off 2.5 hours prior to departure, which is really too much time at a small airport.Grounds: immaculate and beautiful. Design and decor are excellent and in great condition. It's a big resort, very spread out and made for wonderful strolls. If you enjoy walking, Melia is great for you. There is train service that circles the resort and come fairly regularly, every 15 minutes. Sometimes the 3 trains aren't spaced well apart, so the wait might be longer than that. It's a 15-20 minute walk from end to end.Room: we were in building 11, ground floor. Clean, spacious with sitting area. Leaky shower that made the floor wet, but didn't really bother us. The phone broke and iron was missing, but these issues were resolved quickly, within a day. I would advise to ask for a room near the pool and beach as the rooms close to the lobby are 10-15 minute brisk walk to the beach. Security box in room was US$2 per day, which we thought was worth it as it was the combination kind (not with a key) - same technology as you would find in North American hotels. This was especially important to us after we met a family who had $500 stolen from their key locking safe at the Bavaro Princess. Service: quite good, but hard to get great service when the resort is so large and you get different waiters each time, so tipping only went so far.Golf: we chose Melia in the end mainly because they included golf in the package. 4 rounds of greens fees, carts are additional ($35 per person for 18 holes, $21 per person for 9 holes - 2 ppl per cart). Good value relative to Ontario courses - not a very challenging course - wide fairways - but fairly long. 4 or 5 holes are par 5. Well maintained for the cash you're paying for. We played 3 rounds and it wasn't hard to get tee times as we wanted to play first thing in the morning, at 7am. If you want later tee times, best to book in advance of your trip as this course is shared among Melia's 4 hotels. You can pay $25 per person to reserve all your tee times through a website (google cocotal or ask your travel agent for this website).Mall: it's within walking distance as it's on the resort grounds. A new and beautiful open mall with mid to high end retailers.Pools: one very big pool on each side - Tropical and Caribe. Well designed so there's privacy and quiet in small areas. Swim up bar available. Water was a tinge murky but otherwise clean.Beach: lots of chairs available. Not too many umbrellas, so had to get to the beach before 10 am to reserve one. Sand was white and beautiful, but water was rough and murky. Some seaweed on the beach that didn't get cleared away. As mentioned, there are Europeans here and topless sun bathing is prevalent on the beach.Excursions: we went on a speedboat and snorkeling tour and booked with the hotel, which truthfully was outsourced to a local company. They tell you it's 2.5 hours long, but with the commuting, it was more like 3.5 hours. Speedboat part was disappointingly short (about 20 minutes in total) and snorkeling was even more disappointing. A small coral reef with only 4 varieties of fish.Food: buffet in the Tropical lobby was the best, compared with the buffets by the beach. Got sick on the last day of the trip from breakfast, but not sure from what. Lots of choice for a la carte restaurants (8 in total). Mediterranean seafood and French were our favourites. Also tried Italian and Mexican, which were okay, but no better than the buffets. The biggest disappointment was the Japanese, which has had rave reviews on this site. My hubbie and I are Chinese and live in Toronto. If you've had Japanese food before (raw or cooked), you will be sorely disappointed. Enough to say they didn't even have chopsticks to eat with. You can only book one day in advance, unless you have Royal Service. Aside from the Japanese, the restaurants were never full, so once we were seated without reservations (we told them we arrived yesterday and didn't have a chance to book. We're also a party of 2 so easier to accommodate).  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>redstar2ca
<Content>Absolutely Gorgeous!!!!!! We went to the Melia the first week of Janaury for our wedding! There was 21 of us and it was absolutely incredible. The grounds and beach are so clean, plus while it is a family resort those without children did not feel overwhelmed by the families with small children.My husband and I stayed in the Royal Service Suites and while the regular rooms are very nice, we highly recommend the Royal Service as they are newer and fresher and the service is even that much better. The food was fantastic, however we mostly avoided fruit and uncooked veggies just to be on the safe side. The restaurants were very accomodating for a group our size (the butler service in Royal Service greatly aides this) The staff is very polite and curteous and most spoke some english. Tips are highly recommended (note that its hard to get small US$ so bring lots of $1 bills). The wedding itself was amazing, the flower arrangments and the locations made it truly memorable. If you are looking for a night life this resort has it as well (disco and 24hr buffet) Everyone had a fantastic time (and came home healthy) We would go back in a heartbeat!The resort itself is huge and you can either walk, take the train or flag down a golf cart to get around...either way the landscape was beautiful with lots to look at!!My husband went golfing as the resort includes rounds of golf and he said the course was excellent!!!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MSTANG88
<Content>Nice resort but big       Nice grounds  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jlhutten
<Content>WORST VACATION EVER!! Where do I start!We had planned this trip to be a trip of a lifetime. We were having other family members meet us from England and Arizona. We had previously been to Punta Cana and stayed at the Iberostar, which was wonderful, we thought that paying more for a five star resort would ensure better service and a more enjoyable trip. We were apparently very, very wrong.When we arrived at the hotel, they had trouble finding our names in the computer, when they finally did, they told us we had a special check in and told us to go accross the lobby to the Guest Service desk. We dragged our kids over there only to be told after he pulled up our name, that we didn't have any special check in and he told us to go back over to the front desk to be checked in. After we finally got our room keys, we were told to take the train to our room and they would bring our bags to us. We walked towards the train and were accosted by one of the hundreds of time share salesmen, who dragged us to one side in hopes of selling us a time share, we told him we were not interested, but these people do not listen to the first, second or third no... and they harrassed us throughout our trip, every day, every time you had to leave the breakfast area, or go to the lobby or just walk to the beach, they bothered you daily.When we finally arrived at our room, it was not the room we had booked. My husband called to complain, only to be told that there was nothing they could do, they were booked. My husband had to talk to several people before they miraculously found another room, which would (they told us) be ready by the next day at noon, the next day we called and they had no information on us moving rooms. My husband luckily remembered the persons name and we managed to find her, she then told us that the room wasn't ready and that it should be ready by 2pm, again we waited at 2pm and again the room was not ready. Finally after some screaming they moved us to the room we should have had in the first place at almost 5pm the next day!The main problem with this resort is the reservation system for the restaurants, they have wonderful restaurants at this hotel, unfortunately unless you are paying for Royal Service and have your own butler and concierge (they have dibs on the restaurants they want first), you don't get to eat in them unless you want to do so at 10pm, did I mention we were traveling with our 4 kids the youngest of which is 4. You cannot make reservations at the restaurants for your entire vacation, you can only make them a day before, so their phone lines open up at 9am and they take reservations for the next day. The problem is you can't get through, we once spent 3 hours in our room trying to get through. For our last night, I tried to get into a different restaurant, we were only able to visit 4 of the 13 that the hotel offers and we were there for 14 days! I finally had to ask the guest services person to try to get through for me, the phone line was either busy or just rang for hours. They got through and made a reservation for us for 6pm for our last dinner, at the American grill, when we arrived at 6pm they told us we were not on their list, while I was trying to explain the the man on the desk that we had made the reservation, he started to yell at me, I mean he got up in my face and started to scream at me (while my 4 kids had to stand and watch this happen) I was so upset, it took me about an hour to stop crying. Unfortunately, the horror didn't end here.The day we were leaving, check out is at 12 noon, we called to have our bags picked up at 11am, they said they would be with us in a couple of minutes..... an hour later they still had not come for the bags so we had to drag 6 duffle bags almost 1 mile from our room to the lobby in 85 degree heat, all the while being passed by the delightful men from the time share area in their golf carts, not once did one stop and ask if we needed help! Its amazing how all of a sudden when they know you're leaving they suddenly don't need you any more.I do love Punta Cana and I am sure at some point we will go back, but it certainly won't ever be to this resort. I was extremely dissapointed.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RussellVancouver
<Content>Solid 4 Star Resort My wife said it was her best vacation ever. I was impressed and would go back again, definitely.There are 9 themed restaurants. Each has its own cuisine, menu, decor and staff. We ate at 6 and never had a bad meal. The buffets on the beach are great. The buffet in the lobby is great and service at all was better than expected. The beach is big and while there are lots of lounges, it was never packed. The staff really does pick up the seaweed every morning. The pools are big, fun, and clean. We chose this resort because we have 3 yr old. While she didnt want to stay in the kid's club, she loved the staff and spent lots of time with them. There is a mini disco - absolutely fantastic. My daughter danced with caregivers and I got drinks from the bar there. Service is great. If you tip, you will be treated even better. Take the time to read tips from others that have stayed because it will help you get more out of your trip. We will definitely return as soon as we can. Each night, the lobby turns into a lounge/nightclub - lots of fun. Room for improvement: You must call the day before at 9am to get reservations for the best restaurants. The resort is so big that where you stay will dictate how long it takes to get to the beach - we stayed in Villa 7. That it.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>montrealgirly
<Content>great resort for the holidays JAN-12-2008It was great holiday, but one day really. This resort is very big, I have travelled a lot in the caribbean this is the biggest one we ever been. We stayed there for 2 weeks from dec-28-07 till jan-11-08. the resort has little trains that can pick you up at your stop near whatever you were but they are a little slow so sometimes walking is faster. The room that we had was nice, near the beach and the pool but nothing really to brag bout. It was nice and did its purpose, one WARNING the matresses sucks!! If you need a good matresses to sleep this is not the resort for you. Our matress was very used and droopy and soft so we did not sleep well. We tipped our maid $5.00us a day and made sure that we put our towels on the floor so the maid did not have the choice to change our towels. We had a few insects in our room, one beatle, couple of small beatle and lots of mostiquos- please bring some Off my husband got chewed at night. But we did not expect the Sheraton hotel so we were ok with it. Oh one more thing there is not lots of drawers for your clothes so we had to put lot of clothes in our suitcases so if you go for 2 weeks try to pack light. The new years party was a blast, big band on the beach that brought one the year, beautiful fireworks and champangne on the beach. Most restaurant was very good, my favorite was breakfast at the Market Place the croissant was hot from the oven and everything else was very fresh. Night life was great lots of people drinking having a good time. The only thing that made me feel uncomfortable was people would bring kids at the bar because they wanted to drink and they did not have a babysitter that made us angry to see little kids at the bar past 10:00pm at night....too many kids at the resort by the way...it was not uncommon to kids at the bar till 1:00am. We did not want to drink with 5 year old at the bar so we went at the casino where they had bar and pool table over there. I am a mother too but the kids got on my nerves when they screamed non stop at a show or running wild in the buffet area or general areas. The parents mostly did not care, kind of hard to enjoy a nice cup of coffee after supper in the lounge area when a saxophone musician was playing and kids was running wild and screamming. They have beautiful wild birds on the resort, I handfead the peacocks it was great but they are scared of kids (I WONDER WHY?) we watched a little girl trowing rocks at the flamigos and her father did not anything. The service is great but it is better if you speak a little spanish but overall it was great service. The bar pool was very busy because they dont have any bar on the beach you have to into the restaurants on the beach to get drink and you have to be covered. Lot of longchairs were reserved with towels or personal effects...(THERE IS A RULE ON THE RESORT THAT YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO RESERVE CHAIRS IT IS WRITTEN IN THE BOOKLET THAT THEY GIVE YOU ABOUT THE RESORT) so you can ask the staff to remove their stuff if no one is there after 1/2 hour, i did not do it but i ask about that rule that is writting in the map bouklet that they give at arrival. We took some excursions - helicopeter ride was fantastic and well worth the money-deepsea fishing was a ripp off (WARNING DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT IT) you go on a fishing boat and we were suppose to be 6 persons we were 7 and suppose to be with the same resort well that was not the case either the boat went in the middle of the where the waves was 15-20feet high no joking so it was very scarry and no life vest to be seing, my husband never experience motion sickness but we tossed like rag dolls on the boat that he was sick the whole trip and no one caught a fish so it a RIPPOFF. We paid $190.00us for both us to be sick on a boat it was a NIGHTMARE not only you are sick but you have to worry about falling out in the raging sea water. VERY SCARY. Even the captain never a world not even HI or welcome- nothing was said we did not know what or who is fishing 1st.PLEASE DO NOT BOOK DEEPSEA FISHING AT THE BEACH. I would go back to Punta Cana but i think a different resort with less kids and smaller size as well. The bartenders are fantastic people specially Mario at the Caribe pool and Johnny at the Caribe front bar he likes to get the men drunk on tne Mama Juana shots. Anyway it was a fabulous holiday but the last full day that we spend there after the fishing trip we both sick all day before we took the plane the next day.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	5	4	

<Author>NewYorkMets
<Content>Loved this place, great food, friendly staff- new yorkers review I had just gotten home from the Melia Caribe two days ago after staying from Jan 1 2008 to Jan 7 2008. I must say that my family and I LOVED this place. I have never written a review, or though of doing this but I felt I should as I read all the reviews before I left and believe many paint a completely wrong picture of these resort. *Note- I did have Royal Service, and if you have the money it is DEFIANTLY worth the upgrade.  Check-In / Check-Out: Since we had royal service, basically when you go to the normal check-in, you are escorted to the Royal Service lounge where you are briefed on the hotel, facilities, and can ask any questions. You are also greeted with some very nice drinks. Check-in and check-out was VERY easy, and fast. Resort: This is probably the nicest resorts I have ever seen. Everything is gorgeous and very open. This place is HUGE, and if you walked everywhere I could understand why the size would both you. However, they do have a trolley that goes around which is OK, not the fastest but it works. If you have royal service, you can be taken on golf carts at any time. This made getting around VERY, VERY easy and fast. They are usually driving around so you can flag someone down, or go to royal service and request someone.  Beach: The beach was one of the nicest beaches I have ever seen. The sand is beautiful and so is the water. They have some free, non-motor water sports which are fun like kayaks, windsurfing, and padel boats. If you go down a little bit, you can do parasailing, banana boating and other water sports. I did the banana boating with just one other person and it was GREAT. The prices for these water sports weren't bad either. You will also see a HUGE inflatable slide that is a lot of fun, defiantly try it out. It's only 5 dollars for 5 different times or something like that. Also, there are some shops that people will try to come up and approach you by putting their hand out to shake and get you to see there store. These people are very friendly and just want you to see what they have, although they are aggressive it did not bother me. We bought stuff from one guy the first day, and he really helped us out the whole week telling us where to get things we asked about and the island itself. There are also some girls by the shops who offer cheaper massages for like 40/hour or 20 for a half hour.  Pools: The pools are very clean, big and nice. They have nice swim-up bars at every pool. Depending on your area, is the pool you'll probably be out. I was usually at the Royal Service one, and i'm not sure how different each pool was but we had a food bar that had nachos/burgers/chicken sandwiches, ice cream, pizza, basically whatever you wanted. It was great and the guy who was always serving food there was very helpful and nice. Our specific pool had a Jacuzzi in the middle of the pool but it wasn't a hot tub. However, I do believe the pool near the beach had one although I'm not positive. Bars/Restaurants/Food: The bars were great and had top-shelf drinks. They could make whatever you asked and didn't expect tips. However they were very thankful and appreciative when we did tip, and would treat us very well the whole week either way. They had any type of alcohol you'd want, was really surprised by the quality of the drinks. The restaurants and food were GREAT. We ate at the royal service buffet in the morning which was good, the buffet by the beach for lunch which was good and the restaurants at night were even better. We ate at the American, International, Dominican, Chinese, Italian and Japanese restaurants. Each was VERY good and the service was very friendly as well. If I had to eliminate one it would be the International but it was still good. Japanese was like any good hibachi restaurant, and the others just very good. You can ask them to make you anything or customize your order (i.e. ordering pasta dish and request chicken in it) I am probably the PICKIEST eater of all time, so my approval for this food means a lot. Nightlife: They have a nice looking disco in the hotel which is nice. It's fun and it seemed like MOST people, not all were with a boyfriend, or husband. So for atleast our week this wasn't exactly a singles place. However, the night is what you make of it and the bar, club, casino make it fun. There is also a club in the mall which is literally a 5 minute walk or cart-ride too. That place was fun too, we went their one night if you want to hangout somewhere with locals and tourists alike. The casino was nice and fun as well, not so big but it wasn't hard to get in a game especially later on. I won 30 bucks on roulette and it is now one of the top five moments in my life. Rooms: I shared a Junior Suite with one other and it was a very nice, normal room. yes, there were some tiny bugs and I hate bugs so I had to get someone over and they sprayed and it was fixed basically. Everyone has to remember where we are and bugs are normal. I will say that the room, and hotel had a VERY, VERY clean look and feel to it. The room was defiantly what I would consider very nice and they'll accommodate you very well.  Golf: We played golf one day and the course was very nice. I will recommend trying to bring clubs if its not too big of a hassle, or at least DEFINETLY balls. We were forced to rent clubs for 3 people and buy balls. They only hate titleist and charged us A LOT for them. The price to pay golf was ridiculous after paying for clubs and balls and the cart. Still, I'd recommend this course to any golfer. Plus, it is literally a three minute drive away. Just stay away from the chicken Sandwich at the restaurant/bar they have there, it was gross..lol Weather: The first day was GREAT, and the second day was terrible with pouring rain all day. We just sucked it up and play an intense game of Monopoly which I obviously won. After that day the next 5 days were very nice. It was Sunny in and out which was great bc it was just enough sun and some time to cool down. overall, great weather. This place is known for some rain and then clearing up within minutes. Very good weather though. Royal Service/Staff: The people there, the golf-carts, the better location of rooms, etc. all make it worth it. I would defiantly recommend it. The staff at royal service and even off royal service is GREAT. There all very happy, friendly, and accommodating. We made friends with a lot of them and even plan on keeping in touch with one staff member!  OVERALL: This was a GREAT vacation and I would recommend it to ANYONE. Just some tips, call up EARLY first thing in the AM to make reservations for dinner for the next day. You can make it one day in advance, DO IT...it is worth it.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Soose
<Content>3rd time and still great Spent Christmas at the Melia Caribe Tropical and found the Hotel gets better each time. I don't know why anyone can complain about this Hotel, the staff were absolutely wonderful, extremely friendly and with emailing the Hotel before hand got the exact room I requested. The checkin was painless we drunk champayne while we were given our keys etc and then taken to our room by golf cart. We did not go Royal Service as we have always found everything to be first rate anyway. The room was the nearest to the beach, infact the view from our terrace was the beach. The room was spotlessly clean with clean towels everyday. Booking the many restaurants each day was no problem, we booked them from our room around 5pm each day. My favourite ones were the American Grill and the Mexican. Did not think the Japanese was that good and the French ones did not like at all. Overall I found the food very good and could always find something I liked. Why do people think this Hotel is too big?. When I go on vacation to Europe I do not go to one bar each night or one restaurant, I have a walk round and visit several. All I can think is these people do not like to walk.and prefer to stay in one place for the duration of their vacation.Having spent 15 or more vacations in Dom Rep I can certainly recommend this Hotel. I think its one of the best.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LEllen12
<Content>Please don't make me go back! Our family just returned from one week at the Melia Caribe and Tropical. I won't go back. The service is completely nonexistent. We spent one week trying to get a blanket for my daughter's bed. We have three children so we upgraded to a family suite. My husband and I each had single beds (quite a surprise!). There was a trundle bed with linen for my boys. My daughter was supposed to have the couch but there wasn't any linens for her. We arrived in very late at night and had to wait over an hour with four phone calls just to get her sheets. However, we were never to get a blanket. We didn't have a do not disturb sign so we were often woken up by the housekeeper. Any special requests, such a late check out can take hours. It is extremely difficult to get reservations at the restaurants. They had a rule that if you were in a big group, you could only eat at 6:45 or 9:00 P.M. However, the restaurants were always half empty at 7:30 or 8:00 P.M. Once, we asked the waiter if he could turn down the air conditioning as it was freezing and he told us that it wasn't possible. It was impossible to change rooms. You could easily hear all your neighbors, the insulation was a joke. The food was decent, the beach was awesome, the weather fabulous. The staff was so unhelpful, it was ridiculous. Even on check out, they didn't even thank us for coming. No one, asked us the entire time, if we liked our stay. The activities never took place on time or at all. After this week, I am afraid to return to the Dominican Republic. A trip advsior member, Bloomfield Hills, Michigan  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Louise77
<Content>Faulty Towers in the Sun Not sure where to even start on this hotel! Just horrible with to many faults.We stayed over the New Year, being regular travellers to the DR, This is definately not a 5 star hotel I would rate it as a 2-3star.The surroundings are very attractive, the beach lovely, the shows good but thats it.The hotel was full to capacity, we tried to upgrade on numerous occasions before we went and when we arrived but it was full.We had a very long flight and was tired to say the least, we tried to check in, but I dont even think they had a room available for us there was a hustle and bustle going on in spanish. We were allocated a room not what we booked but we had no choice. Then the fun started, we were told to get on the bus given a map and told where to find our room, this place is like a maze. The cases would follow between 30 minutes and 90 minutes. We walked around for an hour trying to find the room jumping on and off the bus. We finally found the room opened the door was not impressed but after reading other reports I was not expecting to much. We had two bell boys bring the cases, hung around for a tip and would not leave the room, I would have given a tip if we were shown to our room by them, they was very rude so I decided no tip I showed them the door. Room:-We looked around the room which was filthy the mirrors was dirty there was crawling insects all up the door frame the patio doors had all hand prints over them, the bathroom was dirty and the whole room stunk of bleach, the dust was thick, I immediately started cleaning the room, we were so tired and wanted to settle.When we went to bed that night I went to lock the patio doors and the lock was on the floor thrown behind the curtain completely out of the wall. I called maintenance and waited an hour he fixed it banging and drilling. The next morning we awoke to a urine smell, I went to the bathroom and the toilet had leaked all over the floor, I called maintenance back again to fix it. My family from England was trying to call the room but the telephone was broken too. The whole room needed renovating, I informed my rep the next morning she ask us if we wanted to move rooms but tthen told us the hotel was full. I instructed her to get the room cleaned and repaired. Even when we left the room was still dirty and nothing ever did get done about it. The rooms are shabby dull dingy and broken.Waiting Staff  Food:-Its such a shame I have never seen such miserable staff and they look so unhappy, which is not there fault, this hotel is in need of management direction, the right hand does not know what the left hand is doing, they could not cope with the amount of people booked. New Years Day was a joke it was called We let you have a rest more like let the staff have a rest, there was no staff around everyone was moaning and scrambling for food, which was disgusting left overs from the night before. They even made the evening show up from the audience. The whole time we was there not one member of staff said hello, how are you, or even a smile. The lunchtme buffett, had flies all over the uncleared tables, and birds helping themselves to the buffett Dinner time buffet was queing to be seateed and no tables laid out, you plates never cleared from one course to the next. Traffic around the resort:-This is so dangerous someone is going to get seriously hurt soon with the staff the way they drive around the pathways of a night.Time share people:-These are so annoying they belong to the hotel and try to get you everywhere you go, it makes the hotel feel very distrusting, the staff need some kind of uniform on so that holiday makers can tell the staff from the timeshare people, they come out in dromes of a night.We had a good time while we was there, a holiday is what you make it, and the New Years Eve Beach party was fun, but there is no way in a million years I would return to Melia Caribe there is so many other lovely hotels in Punta Cana, and this hotel is not good value for money at all.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	2	1	3	

<Author>sojournsplenty
<Content>bigger isn't always better The Caribe Tropical is way larger than a resort should be. If you're near the lobby and restaurants, the pool and beach are a meandering 10 -15 minute walk. The trolley service loops the property, with predetermined stops, so a ride can actually take longer than walking. We used this service one evening during a rainstorm, and certainly parents with small children and the infirmed will favor it. Dont expect a that Royal Service will save you, as all those we spoke with said they called for the cart service all week, but nobody came. The reservation system for restaurants is poor, too. (even R.S) A face to face with guest services is the only way to get into specialty restaurants for dinner. After our first noisy night at the buffet, ducking children and avoiding strollers (Christmas week), we got into the Mexican, American Grill, Italian, Japanese and Chinese, which were all very good. The last 2 are total waiter service, the others offer buffet starters, salad, soup. Service includes bar orders filled promptly, and more attention than we received at lunches or our one buffet dinner, where orders were taken, and never filled.The beach and pool areas are basically clean and enjoyable, but premier chaises (and towels) are often poached by latecomers, who'll move in while you're in the water or at lunch. The resort has a certain malaise to it; all week we noticed unaddressed problems:public bathrooms with broken light fixtures and missing paper supplies, bottles never removed from lawns,discarded fliers fluttering on the beach. Our maid neglected to replace towels when cleaning our room, it took an hour and a half and 3 calls to get new ones.The usual all-inclusive activities and entertainment are here. Our 2 college kids had a great time.Golf- Getting tee times was a hassle, and $35 per person a ripoff for carts (no caddies). My husband and kids (both varsity players) felt the course is well-maintained, fast greens. It's inland with alot of wind (a.m.  p.m.)CAUTIONARY note: I got violently ill the second day. 5th trip to the D.R. (3 times Iberostar in Punta Cana  Puerto Plata, as well as Club Med) Never happened before..traveled over a Million miles: Europe, Africa, Mideast, Mexico, Caribbean. Puts a damper on the holiday, and there are no bathrooms on the Beach. Dont travel here without Imodium.We requested late checkout (5:30 flight home) and we paid $30 ($10 per hour) for the privilege of keeping one room, worht it.I give the place 3 stars, but the golf moved it up to 4 for my family.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>AlpharettaFamily4
<Content>Don't believe the hype After reading many of the reviews, I was actually quite terrified to even go, as I am definitely a hotel snob and have traveled to many Carribean destinations and stayed in all-inclusive resorts. I'm happy to say that our trip was amazing and even the most discerning traveler will not be disappointed. Our check-in was quick and easy. The room was beautiful, spacious and clean. We had a Jr. Family Suite in the 02 building, which was a perfect location near the family activities and beach. The beds were firm and everything worked properly. We brought a can of Raid but didn't need to use it as there were no bugs anywhere. The grounds were breathtaking and all of the staff were friendly and tried to engage you in conversation, even though many did not speak English well, some at all. The drinks were fine - not top shelf, but fine. The trains ran every few minutes, were an easy way to get around, and the kids actually enjoyed that part quite a bit. The food was no better and no worse than the all-inclusives we have stayed in in the past. Do not go expecting gourmet. Even in the gourmet restaurants you will not find it. There were plenty of steaks, chicken, pork chops, grouper, salmon, but little lobster, crab, shrimp to be found. The beach grilles were fine for breakfast, but their lack of variety got old after a while so we began taking the train up to the Market Place, where at least it seemed like a little more to choose from. The desserts pretty much sucked - if you are a dessert person as I am - you will be disappointed there. The reservation system for the a la carte restaurants was not ideal and it is impossible to get into the Japonese restaurant. Get your Benihana fix before you leave and don't waste your time trying. We had great service in the American Grille and Le Gourmet. El Guarapo was good, but pretty slow. I would not recommend leaving your children in teh Flintstones Club. Although the staff was nice, it did not seem like they kept a very close watch on the kids - we saw a few strays wandering around out of supervision's eye on occasion. In addition, they don't have a pager system if there is a problem. Unless your kids are over 8 or 9 and speak Spanish, I would keep them with you. The mini disco in the evenings was fun for the kids and parents alike. Unlike several of the Carribean resorts we have been to, English speaking guests are the minority here. We found that most families were from Spain, France, and the DR. We really didn't talk to as many people as we normally do (kids included) because of the communication barriers. Another thing - everyone there smokes - it is pretty gross - especially during meals. Make sure you request non-smoking if this is a pet peeve of yours as it is ours. I guess we just take smoke-free for granted in the US. About tipping - we brought $50 in ones and used up about $35. There were not that many occasions where we felt it was appropriate or necessary, and don't think you will get better service if you do tip - the day we tipped the maid $3, we did not get any towels. If you get a ride in one of the golf carts (rather than the train) or have an awesome bartender etc. maybe - otherwise, I'd say don't bother. Bring cash though because all of the extras are cash only - like photographs, boat rental, etc. And last but not least, the Vacation Club people will hound you. Don't give them your room number or else they will actually call you. Just tell them you already did the presentation and they will leave you alone. All in all, this was an awesome resort and a very fun vacation. Just remember to be patient, enjoy your surroundings and go with a good attitude. Not everything will be perfect or efficient, but that's ok. Happy Travels!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Fevers80
<Content>Wedding in Paradise!       Wedding gazebo by night  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jarett
<Content>Amazing Holiday-Fantastic ! Just returned from a two week stay at the melia caribe and can honestly say it was well worth the money and we had a great experience. I travelled with my girlfriend for a romantic getaway over the christmas break and we both had a wonderful time at the hotel. Right from the start everything was just perfect, and I can say that even as frequent traveller. The hotel is around a 15 minute drive from Punta Cana Airport, as soon as we drove into the resort we knew is was the place for us. check in was very fast and friendly. The reception staff seemed very happy to greet us and wish us an enjoyable stay. I would advise people to take the royal service option, private pool, restaurant, lounge with premium drinks etc all included. however we spoke to a couple which did not take this option and the standard of there rooms etc was also to a very high standardThe Room, very decent size, very clean and well maintained, bathroom also of a large size with power shower, bathtub, large sink . also maids supply you with a great variety of products whcih my girlfriend lovedFood,amazing, all 11 restuarants are very good, food is of a very high quality with lots of choice. they are all up to US top-notch standard restaurant, i find it very hard to understand how this resort to could get a negative review.Ground,also amazing, a massive resort, beautiful gardens full of wildlife and birds. although large regular trains and carts are available if you dont fancy walkingEntertainment,shows are really good, lots of great dancing and singing, enjoyable for all ages. There is a lot to do at this hotel. After the show at 10 there is a fun pub, casino and regular beach parties.Overall a great place, loved my time here, did not want to leave and am planning on returning in the future.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>volgogradbrad
<Content>Royal service a must! We stayed at this complex from Dec 19 thru Dec 26 2007 and were quite happy with everything. A friend who had stayed here last year advised us to upgrade to the Royal Service and it was the best advice he could give. Upon arrival we waited a mere 20 minutes before being whisked away to a private check-in at the VIP Lounge while others with regular service were left waiting. At check-in, we were immediately upgraded from a Junior Suite to a Deluxe Suite. The staff was more that friendly and cheerful. We experienced no problems in this regard during our stay.In my opinion, an bad reviews you read about this resport are from who expect first-class service but are unwilling to pay to receive it.BEACHES  POOLS: Royal service entitles you to a prive beach with cabana boy service right to your lounge chair. There is also a private pool for your use. The shuttle to the beach for ROYAL customers ran like clockwork every 10-15 minutes.RESTAURANTS: Royal Service entitles you to eat at a private restaurant with more liberal hours, better ambiance and less crowds. We ate that the Italian, Mexican, French, International and Japanese restaurants during our stay. All were good to excellent. Definitely plan one meal at the Japanese restaurant.GOLF: The local Cocotal course is a typical resport style course that is enjoyable but not memorable. At $35 for cart rental, it is a fantastic value. For serious golfers, bring your clubs, pay the money and play Punta Espada. It is without question the most beautiful golf course I've playing in my 40 years golfing experience.ACTIVITIES: We were on an excursion to snorkle on a reef and then swim with nurse sharks and stingrays. It was called Paradise something (can't remember). They also had a great show of dancing and entertainment on board. At $79 per person it was well worth the cost. My wife also went horseback riding on the beach and said she thoght it was great. Both my wife and daughter had treatments at the spa and they enjoyed that very much.CASINO: Played blackjack every night and won 5 of 6 nights. Seems like an honest game with friendly dealers but lots of players who don't know what the hell they're doing (splitting 10, standing in 14 with the dealer showing 7+, doubling down on 7 when deal has a 5; etc) If you can stand the frustration, it can be an enjoyable experience. Local rule, if the dealer has an Ace up, he'll continue to allow you to play out the hand including any splits or double downs. If he has 21 he wills ALL bets (no return of added split or double down bet). Overall it was one of the best vacation experiences I have had. The facilities are modern, beautiful and well maintained. It's just a beautiful place. If I had any complain, it would be that since it is a family resport, there always seemed to be children underfoot. It would have been nivce to have a small area at the beach and pool reservered for 'adults only. Other than that, great place and I recommend it highly.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DJAtlanta
<Content>Horrible service and food but a beautiful property It took us over 1 hour to check into this hotel even with the Royal Service- premium check in. The staff is extremely unfriendly and unhelpful. At the Royal Service pool, there are typically 3 to 4 guys standing around doing nothing but checking out the women. They don't smile, they don't say hello and when we say hello in spanish, they usually don't respond. We took my parents and sister and considered actually leaving 2 days early. We have traveled to over 17 countries and stayed in 5 star hotel and 2 star hotels. This was probably the worst service that we have ever received. On the other hand, the place is truly beautiful and lush. The grounds are very well kept and the rooms are acceptable. It is a shame that the service is not on par with the grounds. We won't return  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	1	1	4	

<Author>exquis
<Content>Great night life We stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from December 7th through December 17thRoyal ServiceI read a lot about Royal Service on this website and was ready to upgrade since many people wrote that they had a horrible time without upgrading. The only thing I did not know was the price of the upgrade ($70 a night per person) which to me was outrageous. Why should I pay for room service, better beach and better rooms, things that in some other all inclusive resorts were standards. I realized that it is the hotel's way to make more money on picky tourists. I heard many families who have stayed at both, the royal service and the standard service, and said that upgrading is not worth the extra money. The resort in generalIt is HUGE! I know that everyone writes that in their review and I read plenty of them before leaving for my vacation, but I stayed at large resorts before, but this is just way too big. Now I think I know why many people are not entirely happy with the resort. It is so huge that it is just impossible to make everyone happy and truly manage the area. It almost feels as if you are on your own. The beach is just too far from the main lobby (not 10 minutes, but more than 20minutes walking) and the lobby too far from the beach, so you do tons of walking back and forth. You have an option of taking the train/trolley to the lobby (where most of the restaurants are) but it just takes forever to come and then is extremely slow. We would only take it when it rained out (and it took us 30 minutes on the trolley to get to the lobby). RainDo not be surprised, it rains one minute and then it's hot again it is the Carribean and the weather is truly tropical.RoomsRooms are fine with basic necessities (I've been to much better rooms that were called standards for the price) but honestly we mostly just slept and bathed in the rooms. It is the time to be out and not in (otherwise just stay home and do not waste your money).Even if it rains (PLEASE TAKE YOUR UMBRELLA as the hotel overcharges for everything and you will just waste your money) you can relax in many of their lounges which are truly great, or go to the nearby mall to do some shopping or just walk around and kill time. FOODFood was pretty good. The best was the lunch at the beach restaurant on the tropical side. Lots of choices and a nice view of the beach. Breakfasts were good too with amazing chocolate croissants. PLEASE TIP, one dollar goes a long way and although the resort claims that tips are included in the price, do you really believe them? We took $100 in singles and tipped one dollar after every meal. Rarely did we see other people tip at all. One good tip: they serve drinks in tiny cups, so to save yourselves time, grab the styrofoam cups the hotel provides next to the ice machines scattered around the resort and ask the bartenders to fill them up with beer, soda etc. Because it is styrofam it stays cool longer and you can just chill without getting up longer as well. NightlifeThis resort has the best nightlife I've seen anywhere. They have great shows everyday, but the lounges are top notch, you feel like you are in a big metropolitan city in some nice club. Negatives-Too much traffic. If you are walking from the beach to the lobby there are only two or three main roads that you can take, on which cars pass by all the time, so you have to be careful and move aside. The cars are pretty old and you end up inhaling more fumes that they produce than if you live in the city. I truly was getting annoyed at this, and the hotel employees do not care at all that you are walking. -Cigarette smoke is just plain annoying. Most people who smoked at the resort were not considerate of others around them. They smoked in your face at the pool, on the beach, in restaurants, lounges etc. They did not care if there were kids around or not. -Prices - Everyone tries to rip off tourists. Be careful as the prices vary greatly. Whatever price the seller offers offer at least half of it or less. The product most likely is not even worth that. Otherwise walk away (unless you are willing to spend the money).-Time shares - please just ignore them, they do this because of the incentive the hotel gives them (for every presentation they receive $30 from the hotel per person and that is really a lot of money for them. They are a huge annoyance at this resort and their booths so you have to walk by them no matter what since it the only way to get to the restaurants, bars and eventually your room. They even got us on the beach, truly annoying. -sales people - Those are the owners of small souvenir shops by the beach. They will wake you up if you are sleeping in your beach chair to give you their business card and drag you to their store. If they succeed, they begin to rip you off by quoting outrageous prices. Taking a walk on the beach, you will probably encounter at least three or four people stopping you to lure you into their store. -waitress service - THis is one of the only resorts that does not have waitresses walking around the pool and the beach taking orders for drinks. They do not even have a bar by the beach, so you have to walk all the way to the pool area to get a drink.. It is really cheap. SAONA ISLANDThis is the best excursion we have ever been on. The beach on that island is just truly amazing. The most beautiful water I've seen. The island is not inhabited by anyone, no hotels are built there, and nature is preserved in its original form. The speedboat ride to the island is amazing, a great experience. You come back on the catamaran which is also real cool :-) You are out on the trip for 13 hours. We drove through Higuey, a city close to Punta Cana where you are able to see how Dominicans live.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>krysr7
<Content>Royal Service A Must! We stayed at the Melia caribe for our honey moon. We read a lot of reviews, and honestly I was a little nervous. Here's the deal-We got the cheapest room in the Royal Service. We were supposed to get an automatic upgrade (if available) for our honeymoon. We got it the second day there, after complaing to Funjet. MAKE SURE YOUR AGENT MARKS HONEYMOON IN THE COMPUTER! Otherwise, all went well. The food was good. Not outstanding, but definetly nothing to complain about. My fav was the Japanese Restaurant. The only bad thing about having 13 restaurants is that you can't try them all! I have a feeling our trip might not have gone so well had we not had the Royal Service. I heard people complain about quite a few things, but we never really had any major problems, and those that we did were rectified almost immediately. The resort is huge! Really! I don't think I really believed everyone else when I read other reviews. Part of the Royal Service however is shuttles to wherever you want to go, all you have to do is call them. We found it faster to walk to the VIP lounge and then catch a ride. One thing- the rooms are the farthes from the beach! You are closer to all the restaurants, lobby, pool, etc. But the beach is a good 10-15 minute walk. We walked a few times, caught a ride a lot more! Really not as bad as everyone says. This really is a family resort- there were a ton of kids! Another thing to mention- they had top shelf liquor (in the Royal Service areas) We were really surprised by the selection- they had just about everything. Just don't expect a Bud- the carry only Presidente Beer.(which really is pretty good!) The only time we left the resort was for the ATV tour- which I really recommend. Most fun we've had on vacation! All in all- we had a great time! Definetly recommend the resort (with Royal Service). Great place for family vacations, maybe not the best for honeymoon, but we liked it. There were no singles there, not much of a nightlife. There is a casino (watch out- slightly different rules than at home- and a whole lot of people that don't know what they are doing!) And there nightly shows were great! Hope this helps somebody!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>golferK
<Content>One Perfect Holiday!       our wedding  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>The_Canadians16
<Content>Heaven       swim up bar by the beach  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>pjtravelagent
<Content>resort was fantastic I just came back from a family and friends trip and after doing this trip for the past 9 years to different resorts and destinations, this was by far the best trip yet. The people were very friendly and extremely helpful. Most spoke english but it would help to know some spanish. The family suites which were closest to the beach were very convenient for us who are beach people. You are right near a great buffet and fun bar for drinks all day long. If you stay further away from the beach it can be inconvenient to have to wait for the shuttle to get to and from the beach. There is a shuttle to get you from the beach to the lobby/restaurants which goes a round about way. If you walk it...it is a good mile walk. Great exercise after eating and drinking all day! The food at all the buffets was really good. For lunch, the pasta bar was a hit with all the kids. The international restaurants were wonderful, especially the Japanese and the Mexican. All the bars and lounges were spectacular! There must be 10,000 candles lit all around the property which was absolutely beautiful. The resort was so well manicured. They were always cleaning or re-doing something. The beach was wonderful, more than enough beach chairs so no need to get up early to grab one like you have to at some resorts. For honeymoon couples that want something more private and quiet the Royal Service rooms is the way to go. They have a private beach with large bed-like couches, a private bar, restaurant and pool. Butler service, 24 hour room service, turn down service, etc. etc!! Can't say enough about it!!!I have been a travel agent for 26 years and can't say enough about this property and the people that work there!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>TonyPulis
<Content>Good For Relaxation We travelled to Melia Caribe Tropical for a friends wedding in a group of approx 25 people with an age range varying from 16 to mid 50's. This is my view as a 26 year old single male in the party:Grounds:Grounds  scenery at the resort were excellent, and always immaculately kept. Rooms:The rooms were good, aircon is excellent, decent size and always clean.....although the rooms cannot be classed as 5 star unless you opt for Royal Service. Maid came to the room every day without fail to clean, change towels and re-stock the fridge with Coke, 7up  bottled water,  if you ask at reception you will be able to get canned Beer from the bar in the french restaraunt to take back to your room. Any problems were sorted quickly upon calling the service desk....I had a leaking aircon unit upon arrival which was fixed within 20 minutes. Bring plenty of bug spray as a lot of the group were bitten, I have read a lot of reviews about seeing bugs in the rooms and most of our group experienced this. I had a cockroach and a lizard in my room, but this was all I saw in a 2 week stay....I suppose you have to accept you will get this in the carribean climate.Pools  Beach:The pools were very good  always clean, and the swim up bar was frequented regularly! Staff at the Caribe pool bar were very friendly and seemed to enjoy giving you as much drink as possible....Look out for Julio Cesar at this bar....top barman!!The beach was gorgeous, white sand and turqoise seas and again I always found that it was kept clean. Decent level of activities are available, but all motorised activities are at an additional cost...prices are very reasonable though.Food: The food in the resort I think we all found was excellent, there was always a big choice and something for everybodys taste in the buffets at Breakfast, Lunch  Teatime.By far the best part though was the Alacarte Restaraunts, which you can reserve for dinner each night. We did not have any problems booking these apart from the Japanese....this is a must visit but gets booked very quickly, you will need to book early morning for this one. We visited the following:Japanese (Must Visit), Chinese (Must visit), Italian (Don't bother!!), American Grill (Excellent), French (V.Good food, small portions), Dominican (Worth a visit - better than expected), Mexican (Good). Glasses of Wine  champagne are free, don't be fooled by the wine list that is put on the table, this is for full bottles which are charged for. We found service in all to be very good, but if you cannot get a booking every night the buffet is more than adequate.I ate all foods including salads, and had ice in all drinks and did not experience any illness. The ice is fine as it is purified and comes in bags from the freezer. The only thing I would advise against eating is the shellfish, a number of people had stomach complaints after eating this... it does not seem to be properly cleaned!!Daytime activities:There are many watersports available, as well as Tennis courts  golf. I played Golf once and found the course to be very good, a shuttle bus will take you from the hotel to the course  return you after your round. Golf is Free but you have to pay for the Mandatory buggy which is $75 for two people.The resort is good when the weather is dry, although when it rains there is very little to do...There are no sports bars (only opens at night) or indoor activities other than an internet cafe. Your only choice is to be confined to your room watching TV or get drunk at the undercover pool bar!!Many excursions are available, usually around $90 each. We did the following:Outback Safari - Excellent trip, would highly recommend. You get to see some of the country in the safe hands of the tour guide visiting a typical family home, business, and the sights in general. Excellent Lunch and drinks included.Trip to Saona Island (paradise Island) - A must do! After a coach ride to the port you travel by speadboat to a paradise island, stopping for a swim with the starfish in a natural pool on the way. You are then free to do as you wish on the island for approx 3 hours, a free bar and buffet lunch is included. You then travel back to port on a catamaran, which also has free drinks, music and carribean dancers.Deep Sea Fishing: Stay away at all costs!!! This is by far the worst trip I have ever been on, we did not touch a rod in 4 hours!! The trip was unorganised, our crew did not speak a word of english....other than rum  coke!!.....and we did not catch a thing. I appreciate fishing can be like this at times, but they didn't seem to have a clue what they were doing. $90 for a 4 hour boat ride!!!Evening activities:Other than the Casino/sports bar, and the fun pub (which never really got that busy) there is not a great deal to do after you have eaten. The fun pub was OK as there was a group of us, but where the guy learnt to DJ i do not know....he definitely needs more practice!! We frequented the casino most nights as this stayed open the latest. The bar staff in here and at the lobby bar were very ignorrant, you could ask for a specific drink and they would pour you what they felt like!! You are best to get a seat at one of the Casino tables, you will then get waitress service.There is a Hard Rock Cafe in the Mall on the complex too, this is not all inclusive though, and closes at 12:00am.Overall:Having read a number of worrying reports about this place before we left I was pleasantly surprised by the resort. We had no problems at check in, drinks were on hand and we were dealt with swiftly...although I think this was because we booked through an agent. Staff were always friendly on the whole, food was excellant and the resort was always kept clean  tidy. I would not personally recommend the Royal Service option, I do not think you get a great deal for the amount extra that you pay.You get a higher standard of room, unlimted room service, and your own pool and restaraunt along with priority restaraunt bookings.....The bride and groom had this but I didn't regret not taking this option. As i said above we ate in restaraunts most evenings anyway, and my room was more than adequate.People have previously moaned about the size of the resort, it is big but from Lobby to the beach is about a 10 minute walk. There are regular road trains to collect you if you cannot manage the walk!! You could also flag down one of the golf buggies who will take you wherever you want to go, a tip is always appreciated for this.I would recommend the resort for couples looking for a romantic getaway or a relaxing pool/beach holiday. It is not really a place that caters for young singles or groups.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>frankyflwrs
<Content>Very Nice Stay - Royal Service       Prosciutto with Melon Balls and Fresh Mozzarella  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Getaway04
<Content>Loved the Melia We had a group of 10 people that just returned from this resort. We all read the reviews on TripAdvisor and were a little concerned because we didn't spend the extra money to upgrade to the Royal Service. Upon arrival the check in was not slow like the reviews said. The staff was very friendly and quick. We arrived at different times and since I was the first to arrive I asked if the rest of the group could be at least close to my room. They took care of that without a problem. We booked our trip through Apple Vacations which turns out to be an advantage. When we were making reservations, we said that we were with Apple vacations and they let us make 4 reservations at once for our vacation. So again, no problem. The reviews said they had trouble making reservations for the dinners. We didn't. I asked everyone that was in our group what was the one complaint they had...the Pina Cola's were never the same at the different bars. Some were very strong and some not so strong. For those who complain about the trolley. Just walk ! it takes 5 minutes to walk anywhere and you need the exercise anyway !  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CaribbeanOueen
<Content>Total Relaxzation We just returned from our fantastic trip. We were at Melia from Nov 17,2007 thru Nov 23. This trip was a family trip it was myself my boyfriend and my 16 and 19 year old sons. The airport was just like other members said small unairconditioned on the way in but a small area was airconditioned on the way out. On the ride in we met a couple that had stayed here this would be there fourth time we had asked them about Royal Service we were gonna see if we could upgrade they suggested not to that they enjoyed the regular stay better that you really didnt get much more, that was great advise we didnt upgrade and truely loved everything our room(bldg 12) was great close to the beach and buffet my boys loved being so close the pool was right across the road I met other familys that had royal service and they werent getting any extra service they actually waited longer for rides and made theyre own reservations. Reservations were easy we got into every resturaunt we chose I called every day around 2PM. The food was pretty good we enjoyed The American Grill, Italian,Japenese, didnt care for the Chinese the Domiinican Rest. had midnight snacks that were good. The staff were very nice the maid was great one thing if you like washing with a wash cloth do yourself a favor bring some they dont seem to use them. The grounds were beautiful we didnt see any bugs like other members complained about. There was alot of seaweed, but beautiful water you can get good buys at the beach stores just bargin with them you can save alot we saved $50 on a Larimar braclet if your looking for a jacuzzi there is only one we could find that was in the spa and you can just go in and use it. So if your looking for a relaxing restfull time checkin get a massage and enjoy everything Melia has to offer .Had a great time in New Jersey .The price was great we will definatly be going back soon .Dont forget singles they are very appreciative when you tip the staff $50 singles went a long way Have Fun!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmartiniWisconsin
<Content>Beautiful Resort - not great for scuba though We have been to many resorts throughout the Caribbean and this one ranks as having one of the nicest grounds we have ever seen. I would say that their food is above average, and the nightly buffet is very good if you choose not to go to a restaurant. We did not find it difficult at all to get booked for dinner and thought the Japanese and Sea Food restaurants were the best. Be prepared for long walks at this resort as the grounds are huge. They have golf cart type trains that roll through the resort at regular intervals but we found it faster to walk. Keep in mind that they are not on the ocean, they are just off the beach so you will need to walk to the ocean to get a view of it. They do have one of the nicest pools I have ever seen and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The real downside to this resort is all the timeshare hassles (everyday they will be hitting you up) and our experience was that the scuba diving was terrible. The waters you will dive in will be rough and the visibility will be about 40 feet. I would recommend passing on this resort if you are going on a dive vacation.If you don't mind just staying in the resort for you entire vacation and just relaxing and perhaps spending hours at the pool bar :) - this would be the resort for you.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>desertislandgirl
<Content>Not a 5-star property I've just returned from a 5-night stay at this resort. I am in the hotel industry, so I am aware of all the challenges that a resort of this size in this part of the world can have. Here are some pros and cons I encountered during my stay:Pros: Public spaces are beautiful. Landscaping is very well maintained. Restaurants are clean and have nice ambiance. Almost every staff member is very friendly and accommodating. The beach is stunning and there are always enough chairs to accommodate guests. Enough activities to keep yourself busy if you want to. Cons: Rooms are in dire need of renovation. Bathrooms are old and tired as are the beds and furniture. There is almost no water pressureand showering can be a challenge - especially on days when there is a shortage of towels as well. Food is average and lacks real flavor. There are too many people in the resort and on the beach trying to sell you a time share, braids for your hair, pictures with lizards andother things that are not included in your all-inclusive package.Please keep in mind that although the packages are sold as all inclusive, tipping is very much appreciated by the staff. Overall not the worst vacation, but this is not a resort or location that I would return to on another occaison. It is nowhere near a 5-star property. Closer to a 3.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>michh1985
<Content>Way Too Big, Would Not Return.. I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical about a year ago, and completely forgot to review it. I'll try to write as best as I can remember, but overall, we did not have a pleasant stay, inconvenience after inconvenience. We had a large group age range from 9 - 90. There was something for everyone.First and foremost, a few very IMPORTANT TIPS about this resort:-don't get a room near the jungle as I like to call it-a room on the side near the beach is better as it's close to the pools, beach, etc. If you stay on the further side on the other side of the jungle, it's like a 20 min walk to the beach and pool, which I find ridiculous in a resort.-request a room on the second floor if possible, to avoid bugs-book your restaurant reservations as early as possible or you won't get one, and will have to eat at the buffet-any excursions should be booked through your hotel front desk, don't book through the vendors on the beachOverall, the resort has some good and bad points. I'll try to be fair in explaining both the positive and negative. We did not have the Royal Service.As stated, it took very long to check in, probably about an hour, and we had two persons with disabilities with us. We had requested in advance certain rooms near the pool, first floor, etc for these people in our group. They did not have any record of our requesting this and we got whatever was left.We were told by our travel agent that this resort was excellent for persons with disabilities, but I would really disagree.The main thing that I didn't like about this resort was that it's much too large and spread out. By the time I understood where everything was, it was time to leave. The two main lobbies look fairly similar and it's very confusing to know where you are. The trolly's that were provided to get around the resort were ALWAYS full, we found it faster to walk the 20 minutes to wherever we needed to go. This could also be due to March being a busy time.Our first room was near the jungle as I like to call it on the far side of the resort, away from the pool and beach. We arrived at night, so we had no idea and no one explained this to us. After 1 night in that room, the next day our room was infested with bugs, they looked like cockroaches or something!!! We were horrified and found that others on our floor had similar problems, one had a frog in her room.So they switched us fairly promptly and we got a room on the tropical side this time, and closer to the pool, which was great. We also requested to be on the second floor this time to avoid bugs, this helped A LOT. What I think this hotel really needs is some kind of guard under the door, there is a huge space under every door where any lizard and bug can crawl right into your room. One night a lizard was in our room at the head of our bed!!! We called front desk and someone came to take it away.Apart from this, the rooms were clean and tidy. The Tropical rooms have more of a carribbean feel to them, which is nice, but the caribe side is more classy and modern, both were nice, but the tropical rooms felt more like you were on vacation. The caribe rooms seemed to be newer. We had to leave a note to get towel animals LOL. Another thing we had a problem with was our safety deposit box, it would not work! We kept telling them and it would not get fixed and they continued to bill us for it. We didn't even end up using it since it didn't work and we had to fight them that we weren't paying for that portion of our bill. It took a while, but we didnt have to pay for it after.The grounds were immaculate, absolutely loved them. The flamingos and nature were beautiful!!! Just bring bug spray at night, but it was gorgeous to walk at night or during the day. Only thing is, when the ground gets wet, it's VERY slippery!!!!The restaurants were great, the Japanese is amazing, a must try!!! They cook right in front of you on a large grill that everyone sits around, it was very interesting. The buffets were good too, always had a good selection of food and never got sick. My only complaint was the 24 hour snack bar, the food was always stale there and not much selection, so if arriving at night, dont expect anything great. Breakfast was really nice near the beach. The Italian restaurante wasn't great at all, would not recommend.The nightly entertainment was great, but it started somewhat early and we never made it on time by the time we finished dinner. The disco was good, but there was never anyone in there, maybe a handful of people if that, and this was March!!! This resort is definitely for couples or older people who like to go to bed early, there is NO nightlife whatsoever.The pools were beautiful and kept clean, but always a shortage of towels so get your towels EARLY. Same goes for your room, we often did not have enough towels supplied to us, and after calling a few times, we would have to wait at least an hour to get towels brought to our room.We did one excursion, which was the best part of this trip, the swimming with the dolphin excursion. We took a bus to a different part of the beach, which was GORGEOUS. It had parrots and was really nice. You then get a short lesson and take a motor boat to the middle of the ocean, where you get to swim with the dolphins (3 of them) in an enclosed area and touch them for about 30 min. It was an amazing experience and highly recommended!!! It only cost us about $90 US each I believe and we were gone for about 4 hours. Completely worth it, but take note, you cannot wear eye glasses into the dolphin area, despite what they may tell you. Be sure to buy the CD with the pictures, maybe opt out of the DVD movie, its not the same thing as they led us to believe.The beach on the resort was nice, white sandy beach, but lots of seaweed. This isn't the resorts fault as all of the resorts along the beach had this.There are many things for the kids to do, a rock climbing wall, a trampoline, activities planned etc.At night we had taken a walk into the Royal Suites area, and the pool there is SO nice, would maybe consider this next time.I think that's everything, I'm sure there were a few other things that went wrong, they tried really hard to please us, but they were just so busy and this resort is much too large.Overall, I would only recommend this hotel to romantic couples or older people wanting to get away, possibly families, but its just so large.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>amortotal
<Content>nice time here great place to stay... 2nd time there... nice rooms, great beach but that entire area has a great beach. Facilities are good, food good and lots of it. front desk can be a challenge. get a room near the beach. Long walk/ride from some places like the restaurants in the main hotel area. Buffet restaurants right by the beach. make reservations for the water sports early, also for the restaurants (get the 'rules' upon check-in). will go there again during non-peak when the rates are lower.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>semperfi268
<Content>Great Family Vacation We were 5 families, a total of 16 people. 9 adults and 7 children ranging from 3 years to 17 years. Everyone had a great time. We arrived 11/17 and stayed until 11/24. Our rooms were clean and spacious (we had the family junior suite, 2 adults and 2 children 11 and 12). The food was good in both daytime buffets (breakfast and lunch). We ate in the resturants at night.. my favorite was the Japanese... the kids loved it. The French was so,so, Mexican was good, Italian was good, the International was also very good. The wait staff was very attentive, we tipped on a regular basis and sat in the same area of the buffets with the same wait staff. They do not speak much english, however, with patience you can get your point accross. The only downfall of this resort is it is huge. You have to take the trains to get you were you need to go. We stayed in building 3. If you go here request a room by the beach or pools. The daytime buffets are easily accessible from the pool or beach. We did not leave the resort for anything. I would definitley recomend this resort. Remember DO NOT DRINK THE WATER!!! There is bottled water everywhere. Out of the 16 of us only one person suffered stomach issues.We booked our trip thru GODREAMVACATIONS.COM Brandon Smith was our Travel Consultant. He did a wonderful job assisting us with our travel plans.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bluemoon327
<Content>Honeymoon bliss We were there from November 4 through November 10 for our honeymoon. Based on past reviews, we decided to upgrade to Royal Service, which really made the trip for us. It was an additional $70 per person per day. We ended up with a private restaurant, pool, and beach area. Ourroom was huge and even had a jacuzzi, we also had a pillow menu and they would deliver them each night. One night we had the butler come in and he drew a bath for us. We also had our own transportation to and from the beach and didn't have to wait for the train. The staff was really friendly and accommodating, we loved the golf cart driver who took us to the beach each day. The Royal Service office staff arranged our all of our reservations and we also had massages at the spa on a rainy day. We never made it to the golf or tennis courses, but they looked nice and well maintained. The atmosphere was relaxing and there were candles and incense everywhere. Our only major complaint was the food. Our private restaurant (Gaby) had a nice buffet for lunch and breakfast, but the other restaurants had food that was somewhat bland (high volume assembly-line style) anddidn't seem fresh. We enjoyed the Dominican restaurant the best and found the seafood place (Capri) to be the worst... the seafood was probably frozen and not fresh. The Japanese place was okay and the French wasn't as impressive as we had expected. We ordered room service for breakfast one morning, but it wasn't as good as the buffet. I also didn't enjoy their house wines and ended up drinking mojitos instead, which were really good. The liquors they had as part of the Royal Service were good and we would stop by the little bar each night before going out to dinner. I would recommend this place ifyou just want to take it easy, lay on the beach, eat and relax. We would definitely consider going back.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>higgybrown
<Content>What I Expected...pros and cons The hotel is georgeous, first impression was great.We stayed in Royal Service, building 49. It was just my husband, two kids 9 and 12 and myself. We had no problems checking in, I wanted a room on the top floor, but they didn't have any, so we got 1st floor. We checked in very quickly and after seeing the lines for the regular service was glad i upgraded to RS. We were escorted to our room and everything looked good and everything worked. We had no problems with the room. 1st problem we encountered was a timeshare person. We unloaded our bags and went over to check the Gabi Pool, with map in hand. A man came up who I thought was an employee from the hotel (tan shirt, and nametag) and offered to show us around. I thought this was just a service of RS. He took us on a long tour of the restauraunts and then tried his sales pitch, we couldn't get away from him and we were tired and hungry. We learned over the course of the week who they were and not to make eye contact with them, and don't look lost. It took us about 2.5 days to really understand the property and how things ran, this was something no one explained to us. We wasted a lot of time walking to the wrong places. My family was very interested in activities (children and adult), no one could really ever give us an answer on times and schedules.  I would never leave my young child with the kids club as I was talking to someone who had signed her children into the kids club and then an hour later went to check on them, ages 8 and 10. They had just left the kids club and were halfway home and by luck she ran into them. THere is really no safety as far as your child just leaving. They don't keep track of them. The food was good, not great. There is definately something for everyone. Service was awesome in mexican, italian and american. French service was poor, as well as the food. Gabi breakfast was crowded in the morning, but no other time. Getting a ride to the beach was not as easy as they make it sound. Sometimes we were half way there before someone came by to pick us up. There was never more than a 4 minute wait to come back from the beach. Yellow flags were up 3 out of 5 days, so no sailing on those days. My husband was very frustrated with the sailing reservations, it seems if you make a reservation and don't show up, the boats just sit there and nobody else can check them out. There are only 4 sailboats for the whole property so you have to reserve them early. There were activity employees on the beach trying to get volleyball and soccer and bocce ball games going. They were fun if you got enough people to join in.We did no excursions as we didn't want to waste a day of beach and pool. The pools were a blast, I would recommend you bring pool toys or your kids may get bored of just swimming. THere were a lot of kids at the Gabi Pool. I talked to older people who were told by their travel agent that RS was kid-free. They were sorely disappointed. In the French restaurant there was a baby that screamed for 10 minutes while the mother ignored it, finally a man from the other side of the restaurant got up and went over and asked her to take care of it. She then took it from the stroller and it quit crying. I was disappointed an employee didn't say something before a customer had to.My son left his water shoes (pretty expensive) right outside our door so he wouldn't get sand in the room and it didn't take long for them to get stolen. When we were getting ready to leave I put my tennis shoes on after they had sat in the room all week and there was a cockroach in them. I think the whole resort heard me scream. I was freaked out the rest of the day, when we got home I emptied my suitcases outside as I was afraid another critter had made it's way in something. CHECK YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU PUT THEM ON. We loved the grounds and the laid back atmosphere. I didn't feel like anyone went out of their way to help us. I didn't feel like Royal Service. THere was no butler whatsoever. Our rooom was made up everyday to our satisfaction, but no more than a hotel room. I had to ask 3 times for washclothes and they came pretty quickly. We had to get to the airport 3 hours before departure time (we did VIP service) which was a bummer. Someone stayed an extra hour and got a taxi.If you want, please ask me any questions while it's fresh in my memory!!!!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>smdt17
<Content>if you want a great holiday this is the place 17th November 07 we have just returned from the Melia, we had a great time, lots of relaxing. the sand is white and the sea is clear very little sea weed, no stones, shells or creatures.all the staff were so polite and couldnt do enough for you.the resort is large but there are 2 little trains every 10mins going around the resort plus lots of staff going about on 'golf type' cars always happy to give you a lift.i have a medical problem and would usually find walking distance difficult, but the place is very flat and the walks were lovely.we had breakfast every morning at the beach buffett turey, all the food was 5*.the turey was on the beach and the sea was 10 yards away.we had junior suite rooms, they were basic but large and we had no complaints.there were severasl bars all with open sides to gardens, drinks were great.we saw a wedding most days and they were beautiful.we cannot fault the holiday, the staff in fact we would recomend it to anyone.if you like luxury and being looked after intensely than go Royal service, we didnt feel we needed it, but the room are 5*plus amazing.the ground was a little slippy after the rain but with caution no problem at all we heard of no incidents.the hotel organises some great trips. there wee dancing lessons on the beach, pool excercise, games many things going on.Check in took 10min but Im told some took longer, but relax dont be in a hurry you will be served with drinks and there are big comfy chairs. your cases can take between 10 and 90min to reach your room but dont be in a hurry relax chill and have a drink from the fridge. Tips: this is up to the individual, the lads who brought our cases we gave 4$, and if we got a lift in a golf car we gave $2.if you want to upgrade to Royal service it can be around $80 - $120 a night but sometimes there are special deals.SC  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>jsml246
<Content>Disappointed I stayed at this hotel last week, and was disappointed. My husband and I upgraded to the resorts Royal Service to ensure a better stay, however, the concept of the service is good, but the staff seems unable to actually provide the services. When we arrived off the bus from the airport not one person greeted us or directed us where to check in. After asking 3-4 people where royal service check in was we were taken the back alley way to the VIP section, when we later learned it was a short walk to the lounge. Next, our private check in was very brief, and we were sent to a room that was not ready. I was not happy with this,and asked for another room, which we received. When we arrived to our 2nd room it was also not ready after being told it was. We complained to a manager that we were unsatisfied, and our first impression of is resort was poor. We received a simple apology. After traveling all day we were hungry, and wanted room service (which was also a VIP service).We had no room service menu, and made 3 phone calls to get a menu, and still we did not receive it until the next day. We also had planned to play two round s of golf, but could only play one b/c the concierge couldn't get a hold of the golf club.Also, every evening we were to receive turn down service (new towels, turn down the bed) we did not receive this service until we called and asked why we weren't receiving it. We also were told that the VIP restraunt had a la carte breakfast, lunch, and dinner. That was a lie. The resort is a la carte dinner only.. The lunch buffets were horrible, by that last day my husband and I were both sick. Dinners were good and the service was a little better there. This resort is pretty big and the landscaping is kept nice. The beach and pools are also nice. On our way home we ran into a few more couples who experienced the same issues, and some worse. All in all the price was nice, but I've been to other all inclusives and would rather pay a little more to ensure good food, and service.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>londonen9
<Content>nice gardens but although a beautiful resort the hotel photos on websites are grossly overated, the majority of the food is quite bad and the hotel is vast. limited entertainments for nights and wet days unless you like golf or tennis. The hotel and grounds are kept spotless and staff very pleasant but would not give this hotel a star rating of over 3 stars. It was our second trip to this island butif this had been our first it would have been our last.Please people do not be fooled by the sumptious photos, and please be aware that the restaurents and food are terrible.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>egilch
<Content>Could have been 5* except... and golf tips After reading the reviews on this site, I was confident that this hotel would meet the mark. It did on many levels. The rooms were nice, balcony with oceanview, the food was fantastic, the beach was beautiful and the service was good. (but we also tipped well)BRING BUG SPRAY!We stayed for a week. Played 4 rounds of golf, which was very nice. Be sure to book your tee times in advance if you want to play in the morning and you can pay $5.00 and they will store your clubs for the week so you don't have to haul them back and forth. Nice course. We played all 27 holes twice and it is a pretty forgiving course but there are some challenging holes involving alot of water.The Japanese resturant was the highlight of our dinning experience. Be prepared to walk at this resort, it is huge but we were basically on the beach and it was only a 8 minute walk to the lobby. We tipped one of the golf cart (for royal service only) drivers and found that they would stop for us after that too.We did not have royal service and from what we saw was glad that we didn't spend the extra money.This hotel will never be 5 stars because of the timeshare people. We politely said no and continued walking, sometimes they were a little more pushy and we would push back. It sucks and I wouldn't return to this hotel because of it. My recommendation just say you've already seen it. Then they leave you alone.Asides from that, service was great, food was fantastic, golf was awesome. Definitely a 4 * hotel.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>PhoebeGR
<Content>Royal Service a Mixed Bag       View outside patio  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	2	4	

<Author>policewife
<Content>Worst vacation ever!!!!!! This resort is highly over rated. 4 star is a joke, it's not even a 1 star. Service stinks. Roaches roam your rooms. Communication is poor unless you speak Spanish. Mildew everywhere. Bathrooms in your room not cleaned or supplied properly. Had to steal a roll of toilet paper from the pool side bathroom. We called for toilet paper and got room service with food and a newspaper!!! Walkways are very slippery when wet or raining. Several people fell at the restuarants where water splashes out of fountains on the floors. Resort is way too large and spread out. Someone had a pair of slacks stolen from his room.Beaches are covered with sea weed.I also believe that if you were to become ill there you would really suffer and if it was a heart attack or stroke you might even die.They do not understand english!!!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>f_chabot
<Content>Do not deserve 5 stars My wife and I stays at this hotel from Nov 1st to Nov 8th 2007. WE WERE NOT ROYAL SERVICE GUEST, SO NO SERVICE AT ALL! We did a lot of trips in Caribbean and normally go to 3 stars hotels and for the first time we decided to go for a 5 stars and we have been VERY disappointed of your hotel there..Here is pros and cons of our stay.:--------------CONS-------------No Royal Service = No service at all! We did not took the royal service (servicio real) because we was thinking it was a 5 stars hotel anyway. Seriously, if you don't take Royal Service, this hotel become a 3 stars hotel. 1-Royal service have nice golf cart shuttle to go everywhere each two minutes. Normal guest have to wait 15 minutes MINIMUM for the train shuttle and then it takes a slow 15 minutes ride to go to the beach. 2-Royal service have a bar on the beach. Normal guest must walk 8 minutes to walk to the nearest pool bar. 3-Royal service are served faster, better than anyone else. At the bars, restaurants, guest service, etc. If you are not Royal service you have to wait everywhere and poor service without smiles. At this hotel, guest that don't take royal service are not appreciated!!!! I just believed it was a 5 stars Melia hotel for everybody, not just for royal service.-About 6 times EACH days staff were trying to enrol us in any kind of Sol Melia reward programs. At the restaurant, in the lobby, on the beach, at the pool...ANYWHERE! It was the most annoying thing of our whole trip! Staff at the hotel were more annoying than local flea market sellers on the beach. Each day at the Turey buffet restaurant the hostess was asking us our room number without telling us why. When we asked why she wanted our room number, she told us that the reason was to send somebody to come visit us in our room to talk about reward programs.-There is a lot of promotion everywhere about the seafood in the restaurant of this hotel. We got shrimps only one day and that's it. Nothing else!!-There was a casino in the hotel, the Casino Palma Real. About 20% of the slot machines did not worked and it was not indicated, so I have lost money in broken machines!!!-Currency exchange office was closed all time of our stay.-On-site accommodations prices are ridiculous. Example .: A small solar cream bottle for 20 USD.!! -On the beach there is no toilets, no bars (except for royal service guest !?!?), nothing! Yes there is activities but when you try to do something (Example: volleyball) you can only have the ball at a specific time. If you want to play volleyball in the morning the beach staff said no sorry, the volleyball it's only on the afternoon. It's ridiculous!--------------PROS-----------------Great for families. There a lot of things to do for kids (private pool, activities all day long, night show for kids, good babysitting program). And there is refrigerator in all rooms.-A lot of excursions and activities available.-Good air conditioning in restaurant and rooms.-Food is awesome. A lot of different type of food. Excellent food quality.-All is beautiful and CLEAN.: Rooms, restaurants, outdoor facilities, etc.-There is a nice shopping center near the hotel (5 min walk) with a Hard Rock Caf茅 restaurant.-Evening entertainment are great!-VERY SAFE. A lot of security guards everywhere.--------------------------------------------------------------Finally it is a great hotel IF you take Royal service only!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	5	5	1	2	

<Author>JhonB
<Content>The place was like eye candy.       Pool Bar  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tripod420
<Content>Don't expect peace and quiet! So many kids,,, The resort was beautiful and the villa and room were quite nice. The service was top of the line for the Royal Service guests. I had heard some bad reviews about the food but honestly it wasn't that bad. The mexican restaurant was fresh and delicious, you could skip the seafood and japanese all together. Nothing but good things to say about the Gabi - Royal Service restaurant, breakfast, lunch and dinner buffet were top of the line. My complaints are only about the placement of families and children. With three days left to my trip the hotel placed a family of four next door to me, to say the noise level was about average would be a small understatement. I would think that they would have an area for families with small children seperate from the adult guests. I was under the impression from my travel agent that the resort, and the royal service area was geared more towards adults and couples. The royal service pool area was crawling with children from open to close. I enjoyed the resort over all but have had better experiences. I honestly would try something else next time...  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>be_mum_will_travel
<Content>Very disappointing - just too big! We stayed at MCT during tropical storm Noel - it rained solidly which is not a good start. This resort is huge. None of the beach/pool bars near the rooms stay open after 7pm so to get food and drink you must travel up to the reception area which tis 13 minutes walking or you can get the train if it is not full. Bothare pretty miserable when it is pouring with rain. Forget getting dressed up if you are going to be soaked when you arrive. To play golf you have to leave your room an hour before your tee time as it takes 15 minutes to get to reception (possibly longer if the train is not nearby) and then there is a resort bus which only runs once an hour to the golf course. The first time we waited an hour but it still didn't come and then the next day when we tried again, on arrival at the golf club we were told we needed to have brought vouchers from the hotel - do not pass go do not collect 200... Nowhere was this explained to us even when we were booking tee times and 2 of the 3 groups on the bus had likewise made the same mistake, the other having made it the previous day.... The activities were pretty much nonexistent even before the rain as it was low season and they didn't even publish a sheet of daily activites and the club room was mostly closed. The golf course also closed due to flooding so there was not a lot going on, we were glad to get out and go to Sunscape the beach which was more our scene.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	3	2	1	

<Author>phillyphan
<Content>good quick getaway My husband and I stayed in early November for a four day anniversary trip. Here鈥檚 an overview of our experience:RoomWe stayed in a Royal Service Deluxe Junior Suite. The floor and the bathroom were marble (except for the tub). The mattress was hard, but we slept fine. The linens were okay, but there were some holes in the pillow and sheets that we noticed on our last night. Each morning, the rooms were made up, but the night turndown service was inconsistent. One night we came home to a bottle of rum, candles and flowers on the bed and in the bathroom. The other nights, nothing. The room was clean, and housekeeping kept the bathroom stocked (but took away all of the conditioner and put extra lotion in it鈥檚 place). Our refrigerator had complimentary beer, soda and water that was inconsistently refilled. One issue with the room was that our travel agent had requested a king bed 鈥?she had written 鈥渃elebrating anniversary鈥?and king bed, please鈥?in all caps on our paperwork. We were shown to our room, and found two double beds. We asked to be moved, were told it would take an hour, and it actually took three. We had left our luggage in the first room, so we couldn鈥檛 change out of our traveling clothes. We gave ourselves a tour of the resort in the meantime.FoodThere were a number of restaurants in the hotel, and with only three nights, we obviously didn鈥檛 get to all of them. We tried to get some of the staff to tell us which to try, but they gave us a non-committal 鈥渢hey鈥檙e all good鈥?answer. We ate at the Gabi Restaurant, exclusively for Royal Service guests, each day for breakfast and lunch and the first night for dinnerbecause we couldn鈥檛 get a reservation due to our late arrival. The food at dinner was ala carte and buffet, and my husband was happy to eat two appetizers and a dinner. The food was decent 鈥?not great, but not terrible. The buffet breakfast and lunch were good. We really enjoyed the Dominican offerings 鈥?the rice and beans were a different style each day, and the plantain dishes were tasty. Reservations could only be made a day in advance. Because we enjoyed the Dominican food, we booked reservations at El Guarapo. The food was 鈥榰pscale鈥?Dominican, and it was not that impressive. We were in and out of the restaurant in about 45 minutes, including appetizer, main course and dessert. The food seemed pre-cooked, and came out very quickly. There was a wedding in another part of the restaurant, so I don鈥檛 know if that contributed to the pace of the meal. We weren鈥檛 done our first course before the next one came out. Our final night, we ate at Capri, the seafood restaurant. The food was better here, the kitchen was open, and they definitely prepared the food to order. At the beach bars and pool bar in the Royal Service section, there were snacks offered throughout the day. Service/StaffThe staff, for the most part, were accommodating and willing to help. We had issues with our second room 鈥?no robes, the TV remote didn鈥檛 work, our toilet ran 鈥?that took over a day for them to attend to. However, they were minor issues that were fixed. The golf cart drivers always stopped to see if we wanted a ride 鈥?we were located near the Royal Service lobby, and the walk to the beach was about 7 minutes, so we usually declined. Royal ServiceIt was a nice upgrade, as the beach and pool were never too crowded. However, while not crowded with people, there were a lot of beach chairs crammed into the Royal Service beach area. We鈥檙e early risers, and were at the beach before 9, so we never had a problem sitting where we wanted. Part of the Royal Service was supposed to include butler service (we never saw a butler) and a pillow menu (didn鈥檛 see that, either). The RS lobby did have a nice selection of alcohol after dinner where you could make your own drinks, as well as an espresso machine that was available all day.OverallThis vacation served it鈥檚 purpose 鈥?it was inexpensive, all-inclusive and got us a few days of sun. I鈥檓 used to smaller resorts, so one with over 1000 rooms overwhelmed me a bit. The grounds were well kept and there were turtles, herons (or egrets) and lots of anoles. We had tiny little bugs in our bathroom, but nothing more scary than that.I speak basic Spanish (two years in high school a decade ago), and was fine with communicating. Most of the staff speaks English well, and there were other staff members who were communicating with the French and German speaking guests. There was a large non-American guest population and a lot of topless sunbathing. There was some seaweed in the water 鈥?I don鈥檛 know if it was due to the tropical depression that went through the week prior or if it鈥檚 normally like that. I wasn鈥檛 wowed by the resort, and don't know if I'd go back, but it was a good quick getaway.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	2	4	3	

<Author>fly2play
<Content>Wow! Its big. Just got back from this wonderful resort, Nov. 1-4. I was surprised to see it listed as a 4star, was sure it was a 5 star and mentioned to everyone that it was beyond that. Food: Was great everywhere. Make reservations at the restaurants as soon as you get there. We had a party of 12 and we never had a problem. The breakfast buffet can not be missed it is awesome and the best I ever had. The beach lunch buffet I would pass on and take the tram to the, what I call, restaurant row and eat there instead. Coffee was excellent everyday! Lobby bar was packed every night, drinks are good, free black jack, the attire was dressy at night. Bottled water everywhere. Ask for the 151 rum, you might get an out of body experince like I did at the beach.Pool/Beach: Ususal carribean blue water, kind of cold, not too much seaweed. Lots of chairs on the beach, pool got alittle crowded, swim up bar was always crowded. Spa: Very nice. Alittle secret for ya, there are two indoor jucuzzi's opened to the public, you have to walk through the spa to get to it and it is not advertised anywhere, we found it by accident. I also booked a spa special with 2 free massages, when I went to redeem it they did not have any idea what I was talking about, I had to remedy it with guest services the next morning. I was not happy about that.Staff: They are everywhere and super friendly. They will speak english if you start it first but come on, you are in a spanish speaking country everyone in the world knows how to say Hola and Grasias, if not start there.Notes: Don't bother leaving the resort, the outside is scarry without a local. We went into town and there were armed guards at the shopping center with rifles. Yikes, thank god we were with family that were DR locals. The outside streets are very scary, no lines and not maintained. The business center has good computers and the onine rate is cheap. Casino is small, no REAL poker tables. Get a phone card because calling is expensive. Complaints: Just one, the resort is soooo large that you have to ride a tram to the beach and pool, we were next to the restaurants and one of the lobby's. But when I was in a real hurry I just flagged one of the passing golf carts, they always stopped and said yes to wherever I was going.Any free gift means listening to the 90 minute timeshare speech, don't fall for it.I highly recommend it! Have a great time!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>MontrealSunlovers
<Content>Fun in Punta Cana Hotel complex is vast. Front desk slow. Though we did get upgraded to a family suite with plasma TV, etc. - right at beach and pool and Agora Grill. Train right in front of suite. A long walk to lobby, usually took train - though toxic fumes.Tropical grounds are huge and beautiful with many peacocks, - flamingoes, pheasants, storks, many birds.Guest services somewhat lazy. Had invitation to plant a tree at golf course, then we were not informed it was cancelled - also Mexican Beach Party cancelled - yet not informed. Buffet was ok, though plenty of food. A la carte restaurants were very good. Mexican, Seafood and Japanese best. Celebrated a birthday at Capri, staff went out of their way to make it special. Also that day, went on horse and carriage ride - so beautiful with a full moon.All bars good service - tipping not at all expected. Lots of lounging space. Superior entertainment at theatre and live band in lobby bar - enjoy dancing. Disco show. Casino/sports bar very nice - canapes served.Pools very nice, with huge boulder rocks and fountain. Beach lovely sandy - though seaweed. Good tours - Jeep Jungle/Beach and Speed boats/snorkelling. Shopping center Palma Real, upscale..  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>SusieCUpstateNY
<Content>IT was overwhelming Our stay was Oct 19 - 26thNegatives Upon arrival at the hotel the guest ahead of us was having some sort of conflict with the Desk Clerk and his manager was very angry. It was then our turn and he said your room is 3904 right here pointing to a map and we said ok? He said not a good room for $100. more I can get you a better room. My boss is mad at me and this will make him happy. My husband wanting to have a more central location to the beach and pool, agreeded. He was presented a plain white envelop to place the $100.00 IN CASH! in the envelop. This gave me a bad feeling. In a foreign country, not knowing the layout of the hotel grounds (new to us) and then, this. So we were then to proceed to the Vacation Club reps who set up a time tomorrow! Yeah right! Onto our room, dropped us off on the wrong end of the building but we found our way. The room 3005 was average. The maid service did not appear the next full day and had to be reported, the following day she came at 6pm while we were showering. Faces cloths are obtained by face to face communication only. The bars were a long distance from the beach and you could not go to the one within the buffett unless you had a shirt and shoes! No receptacles for smokers! Vacation Club staff stalked you as much as possible! The shows were poor at best. Attended one and that was enough. The mesquitos were terrible and I had many welts on my legs and ankles. No communtication with when vendors were coming. Postives The food was outstanding and no problem with reservations. Pools and beach were clean and bar service was very good at the ones we went to. The Casino  Sports bar is small but fun we were amused for several hours. The towel service was fine and no beach vendors. The place is huge and takes a few days to understand the layout. Even then we did not get to the Tropical side at all. I will not be returning!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>ATourist6
<Content>Nice resort If you like being in a big resort with lovely grounds, nice air conditioned and spacious rooms, and a beautiful white sand beach, this is the place for you. If you enjoy an atmosphere where lots of folks are moseying up to the various buffets, bars and restaurants while being stuffed like Thanksgiving turkeys, this is the place for you. If you like to lay out by the large, inviting and beautiful pool, or on a lounge chair on the white sand beach while being blasted with loud music from one or two different places, this is the place for you. Basically, if you have no interest in the Dominican culture, people, or historical sights and just want to have a nice beach vacation at a reasonable price with all the amenities, this is the place for you. The Punta Cana/Bavaro area in general is populated with one big mega resort after another, like several very large, landlocked cruise ships side by side. The down side of this resort is, of course, those pesky timeshare folks. We had to turn down our opportunity for a timeshare presentation 3 times, but they did take no for an answer a lot more quickly than other places we've been. If you relish the thought of overeating, the restaurants and buffets are numerous and the food plentiful. We found the large buffet mediocre, but there was always plenty of fresh fruit and many other choices. Some of it sits out a little too long, but no one in our group suffered from GI upset. The restaurants are pretty good, we found we liked the Japanese and French the best. Service is spotty, we found that we received both excellent and terrible service from different places at different points in our stay. Inconsistent service would probably be the best way to describe it. We also paid a premium price to access the internet with our wireless notebook  found that it was very, very, very slow  kicked us off at various times. Had we not paid a premium for the internet minutes, we would've just shrugged our shoulders and said, well, we're in the Dominican Republic, but having paid for a service that wasn't easy to use made us less forgiving. Fortunately, we had a car as we'd driven to the resort from Santo Domingo. We were able to explore the area. We generally found that, for us, the area overall lacked the charm and culture of other places we'd visited in the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Benaroundtheworld
<Content>Went to Melia for a wedding I stayed at the Melia in June for my best friends wedding and i have held off writing a review because i didn't think i had anything valueable to say. I don't know if this will help but i would suggest going to Melia only if you know a little bit of spanish. I found it fustrating at times when some of the staff didn't speak english at all, (i know i am in their country and i should speak their langauge and i did speak spanish) but i could see how it might be hard for someone who doesn't know any spanish at all.  As for the wedding it was beautiful but i highly suggest NOT booking your wedding in the middle of the summer in Dominican Republic. The heat would not have been bad if i was by the pool or the beach but being in a bridesmaid dress in 90+ degrees was torture. Not only the wedding party but the guests where dying of heat. All the mens shirts were soaked with sweat and i think i got heat stroke. At the reception 80% of the guests left early because they were tired from the sun and not feeling well due to stomach issues. Everyday and every experience is different this was unfortunetly just my experience.  Royal service was well worth the money even though i never saw or met a butler. I enjoyed the private pool that had amazing cabanas with soft pillow top beds to escape the sun and take a nap. The golf carts that took you to the royal service beach (which was also beautiful) were a god send not to have to wait in the scortching sun for that trolley thing. And the Gabi resturant was a very convientent and nicely decorated. The casino provided us with hours of enterainment and i loved the late night mexican resturant, at 4am it's still hopin with people ready to party and if you need something to eat to soak up some alcohol.  In short - I recommend the Melia Caribe Tropical, Royal Service is the way to go and DO have a wedding at melia but DO NOT have the wedding in June, way too hot to be dressed up. Maybe a winter month would have been tolerable or plan to have the wedding at night, then again the chance for a down pour of rain is high. Hope at least one part of this was helpful...  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Koyote1
<Content>Excellent, Excellent, Excellent!!!!       japanese Restaurant  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelling_accardos
<Content>Really Enjoyed Melia Caribe Tropical My husband and I just returned from a 7 day vacation at Melia Caribe Tropical (10/13 鈥?10/20). It was a very important vaca, since it was our first family trip with our 10-month-old son. So, I鈥檒l be as honest about the resort as possible. We had a wonderful time. We had done quite a lot of research and, liking all-inclusives the way we do, decided to give MCT a try, as the price was far (and I mean A LOT) more reasonable than Beaches. Let me tell you, MCT gives more bang for the buck鈥?br/>Let me first describe your arrival at the Punta Cana airport. First of all, if you are traveling with an infant, you鈥檒l be surprised to find that your stroller, which you left at the gate at your departure, is not waiting for you at the bottom of the plane鈥檚 stairs. If you are as exhausted as we were, you鈥檒l be a little annoyed to find that you must carry your child and your belongings into the not air-conditioned airport. This would not be so bad if you didn鈥檛 have to wait for everyone to have their picture taken at the gate. Apparently, the Dominican Republic government believes you really want a picture of yourself BEFORE vacation in between two girls in native garb who aren鈥檛 even smiling. Personally, I think it is a great idea, but one that should be voluntary. And it isn鈥檛. (You can purchase the picture upon departure for $8.) After you get your picture taken, its time for immigration/customs. You must have a $10 tourism card to do this. Some people were lucky enough to have theirs prior to arrival. Check into this. If you can find one before you arrive, it will save you the headache of waiting in two lines. Once you purchase said tourism card, you go to the immigration line and have your passport stamped. Now onto baggage claim where you will finally find your stroller (if you had one) and (hopefully) your bags. Almost immediately after having gotten our bags, a bag-boy took them and helped us get a taxi. This is the best way to get to the hotel. MCT charges about $80 for a private transfer and a taxi will cost you only $30. Almost all taxis are vans and while some are in better shape than others, the drivers are pretty friendly and the ride is not too long (about 20-30 minutes). Our taxi had a lot of flies and the air-conditioning took a little while to kick in, but I have no complaints. Upon arrival at MCT, you鈥檒l be asked whether you are in Servicio Royal or not. For the life of me, I don鈥檛 know why anyone would choose otherwise. I鈥檇 read a lot of complaints about the long check-in out in the heat, etc. But, you鈥檒l experience none of that with SR. Your bellboy immediately takes you to the Royal Service Lounge, where you鈥檒l be happily greeted by air-conditioning and mimosas. Even if you have to wait a few minutes, you won鈥檛 mind in the AC. The staff in the SR lounge are very friendly and want to help you have a great vacation. The lounge isn鈥檛 as large as I thought it would be, but does have game tables (chess, dominoes, etc.), a tv area, bar (with food during the day and drinks at night), and the two computers with free internet service. This is also where you鈥檒l find the daily newspaper. Don鈥檛 expect it at your room. Okay, so after check-in, they whisk you away to your room. We stayed in the RS Deluxe One Bedroom Master Suite. I would never choose anything less for a family. In fact, I would see about getting the adjoining room, too, for a family of more than four. Anyway, our room was in Villa 50 on the first floor. Each building had 3 floors, but no elevators, so keep that in mind for those who are handicapped or traveling with small children. The living area was large and the couch folded out. It had a stereo and flat screen TV. The kitchen was interesting: there was a full-size fridge (which they stock daily with lots of water, Pepsi and Diet Pepsi, two El Presidente beers, and a bottle of Kiwi juice), a small coffee maker (if you鈥檙e bringing your own coffee, bring 4 cup basket filters), and all the cupboard space in the world. There is no microwave or stove, no silverware, no paper towels or dish washing liquid. A little weird, right? There are a few glasses and a sink though. Their feeling is that you don鈥檛 need anything else, since you can order all the room service you want. Our suite had a table, which came in very handy with our munchkin. If you need a high-chair, let them know and they will accommodate. The bedroom was large with another flat-screen TV. Not a lot of drawer space, though. The closet in the bedroom was pretty large, though, and had shelves (I suppose I could have just used all the kitchen's cupboard space). The Jacuzzi tub was huge and your butler will come and fill it for you with salts and flowers, but with the baby there was no time for that. We just filled it ourselves. The bathroom was pretty large too, with a special European jet shower. Don鈥檛 use the jets!!! They spray right out through the door and then the bathroom is flooded. I found this out the hard way. Just use the regular shower head. You鈥檒l still get clean.Now for the bad news, the ocean is not near the villas. I thought we鈥檇 at least be able to see the water, but no. I wasn鈥檛 upset, no rooms are really ocean-front. But, the cheaper rooms are closer to the beach. However, the private SR pool/club (Gabi) is right across the street. We really enjoyed this in the morning. In peak season (May 鈥?September), you need to reserve a palapa, but in the off-season (when we went), its first come, first serve. The pool was pretty quiet, with a swim-up bar and a snack bar that has everything from hamburgers and ice cream to skewers and fresh fruit. There is a waitress who comes around on occasion to take your drink order and sometimes a man passes a tray of fruit. Very nice. But hot! The Gabi restaurant is buffet and the food was okay. We mainly had breakfast there. Good for when you want a little peace and quiet.We spent our afternoons on the private SR beach. It is a good 5 to 7 minute walk, but we didn鈥檛 mind. It鈥檚 a very pretty walk, since the grounds of MCT are so beautiful. There are gorgeous flowers and palm trees everywhere, and even wildlife, if you look around. There was a pond with turtles and there are peacocks everywhere. I recommend walking for those who can. However, there is tons of transportation, especially on the SR side. There is a tram that takes you around the center of the main resort and those in SR have golf carts at their door to take them to the beach or wherever they want to go. The private beach is fairly small, with a beach bar where you can also get nachos (for those who like to snack). Its right next to the regular MCT beaches and you can walk the entire beach, if you want. One difference I noted, was the quiet. There are no jet skis or motorized watercraft. There are a few scuba boats and party boats that go by, but it was so refreshingly quiet! Just what a person wants on a beach. As for food, the buffets are pretty much the same. Not bad, not fab. There are fries and burgers and pizza. There is also steaks and fish and paella. A good selection. I tried to avoid the salads for a few days for fear of getting sick, but had a few toward the end and I鈥檓 fine. Be wary and you won鈥檛 get sick. The ala carte restaurants were okay, too. We tried the Dominican (good), the Italian (okay), the Mexican (okay), the Japanese (over-rated), and the American (our favorite). I know everyone raves about the Japanese place, but I鈥檝e had teppanyaki many times and this wasn鈥檛 so great. The show was so-so, but if you live near a Benihana, just go there. The sushi was terrible, too, and you only get 3 pieces. The house wine is alright. If you want a bottle of something better, you have to pay out of pocket. I would have done this, but my husband doesn鈥檛 drink wine and having a bottle to myself is trouble. The Italian restaurant was the only one that gave us a kid鈥檚 menu, though our son had already eaten. (Good tip 鈥?bring food for little ones. I brought applesauce, fruit cups, and baby cereal and he ate it all up. They have yogurt in the mornings and I鈥檇 stock up on those for him too. Bring your own Cheerios, since I could not find them there. And the cheese鈥here is no American cheese. Taste it first. If its yellow and square, its cheddar. My son sometimes ate the cheddar and even liked the peasant cheese. But for more persnickety pallets, you may have trouble. Just so you know.) We also got room service in our package! They only do 7 AM to 11 PM, but they will bring you almost anything you ask for. We had a bottle of champagne every night and in the morning, too, with OJ for our own mimosas. The burgers are really, really good, but be sure to ask for ketchup or you won鈥檛 get any. The fruit was delicious, too; had it almost every morning with a croissant! And the OJ鈥o die for! The coffee wasn鈥檛 so great though (bring your own and filters, too).Okay, the Kids Club. There were two kids there when I checked it out and NO infants. The caregivers weren鈥檛 all very friendly either. One was very nice and inquired after our day, but no one even looked at my son. They also told me 鈥渘o food here鈥? I don鈥檛 know whether they meant for me to bring the food for my son to eat or that he would not eat while in their care. Either way, I didn't get a warm and fuzzy feeling and decided against using the day care. I think older kids might enjoy the activities, provide there are more kids there. This looked a little lonely the day I looked into it.The spa鈥 had two massages. The first was the regular anti-stress massage at the Spa Tropical. It was alright. They don鈥檛 offer you a locker, so don鈥檛 bring valuables with you. And my first massage was outside in a tent. I didn鈥檛 ask for that, but I thought what the hey. However, you have to strip outside in the tent 鈥?no robes or anything. That first masseuse had about as much enthusiasm as I did at the airport. It was okay, though. The second was a combination massage (scalp and aromatherapy) at the Spa Caribe. My masseuse was Diana. GREAT!!! So relaxing and she actually took the time to work out where the kinks were. This time, the massage was inside and I was at least able to shower afterwards. My husband did a couple of scuba trips with Scuba Caribe and said they were fine. Not the best he鈥檚 had, but pretty good. As for those pesky timeshare salesman, they are everywhere. One practically leapt from a moving golf cart to pitch us and the most obnoxious one waited for me to go to the bathroom! If you have interest, go right ahead. They have spa packages and gifts if you give them 鈥渏ust 10 minutes鈥? I鈥檓 guessing it would be more than ten, though. We saw quite a few people being led around on tours. But, be warned鈥hey want the down payment there and then. Just so you know. If you aren鈥檛 interested, take my advice鈥on鈥檛 make eye contact! As for bugs, they are there. It鈥檚 the Caribbean鈥hey live there too! I found a dead cockroach on our floor one morning and one in my husband鈥檚 suitcase while I was packing to leave. Other than that, only the flies and mosquitoes are annoying. Bring bug spray. You鈥檒l need it. The AC in the room was cool enough, but the humidity is terrible. The sheets felt wet by morning; it was just that humid鈥攁nd this was the beginning of the 鈥渃old season鈥? To wrap it up, keep the following in mind: 1) Choose Royal Service. 2) Go in the off-season or it may be WAY too hot and crowded. 3) Plan for small kids (food, childcare or not, cribs and high chairs). 4) Learn a little Spanish (hola, donde esta el bano, por favor no quiero un timo sharo 鈥?just kidding). 5) Bring sunscreen and bug spray. 6) Bring some smaller bills for tipping (we noticed that waiters would lose interest if we didn鈥檛 tip and if you did tip, you got a little friendlier service). 7) Take a deep breath and relax 鈥?this is a vacation in a foreign country. If you wanted American culture, you would be in Disney World鈥?/p>  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>pebblezs
<Content>relaxing and sunny, but will not go back, rude staff!!!!!! Airport: Expect to walk out of the plane and onto the runway strip. Once you walk into the airport there are people that will stop you to take a picture. You can purchase these pictures at the end of your stay in DR upon departure. You HAVE to pay $10 for entering DR. The line is very long for customs. We had a rude pickup transportation driver. This was the beginning of our bad trip...Upon arriving Melia, at check in there is a little posting with prices of upgrade for royal service and regular room rates. My friend and I decided to upgrade and skip all excursions. Upgrading is well worth the money for an extra $30/night. We were told that they'll be a butler driving us to our restaurant every night and to the beach. The only service we got was housekeeping and Benjamin driving us back and forth whenever we saw him at the beach. Housekeeping and Benjamin was the best service we received at Melia besides the waiter at the French restaurant because we tipped the guy!!Restaurant: Hokkaido was good, it is a Japanese hibachi grill restaurant but on my first night at Melia the clock in our room was slow by an hr, without realizing this, the host at Hokkaido was not willing to accommodate my friend and i because she said we were late for our reservations and she was very rude. I mentioned this to the VIP Royal service desk and they were not nice about it. She just brushed us off!!! We were forced to go to Gabi restaurant at the Royal service and was bitten up with lots of mosquito bites!! The American Grill was good and so was the French restaurant. We didnt get a chance to try any other restaurants on the property.The lunch at the Royal Service side was by far much better than the Tropical buffet. Pool: There's always available lounge chairs at the Royal service pool area and never crowded in the pool. We did get a chance to walk over to the other pool. It's much larger with more people around the pool. Bring lots of sunscreen.Beach: The beach was pretty clean with the exceptions of occasional seaweed. I did see the people cleaning this up one afternoon. There's always security walking around the beach area. And like the Royal service pool area, the Royal service beach wasnt so crowded. The water is clear and strong waves. Even though we upgraded to royal service, we had a regular room that was only around the corner from the royal service pool and Gabi restaurant. The service sucks here!!! The hotel servers/waiters will either be really nice to you or ignore you completely. I think some of them are racist. There was one couple sitting next to us one morning and the waiter refilled their cup of coffee and walked away ignoring our request for refill. The waiters at night is much more nice than the daytime staff. The VIP lounge has free internet, books to read, coffee/tea/drinks and snacks through the morning and night.Spa: I couldnt find the spa at Melia. The property is so huge that I spent an hour walking around looking for it. There are two spa at this resort I booked a Aromatherapy massage. It was ok but she spent most of the time lightly rubbing my back. I can tell you this for sure, NY spas are much more experienced!!Overall the resort was relaxing, weather was nice and food was good. We didnt get sick but do be careful, we did hear several guest getting sick during their stay. I would not recommend this resort to any friends unless you want a quick getaway from the city life and hang out at a resort. The staff and Dominicans are rude!!! No offense to some of you out there. I would return to this hotel if there's a deal. This is my first and last time I would go to DR. I understand why some of my friends refuses to visit DR after one trip. Beware of flies and mosquitoes. There are lots of them all around!!!!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>wityobiddy01
<Content>Relaxing and fun We stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from Oct6-13. We opted for Royal Service, although since we were vacation club members with RCI, they were reluctant to let us upgrade. We ended up having to pay the extra $30.00 pp/per night to get the services of RS but ended up staying in a regular room with 2 double beds. I was glad that they even let us upgrade, so it kinda became a running joke throughout the rest of the week. Upgrading to RS was definitely worth it though. We hung around the Gabi Pool most of our trip. I loved the little stand by the RS pool that would pretty much make whatever you wanted. The steak skewers were delicious. Also there are covered beds that my husband and I took advantage of for afternoon naps, since the beds are pretty much the most uncomfortable things that I have ever slept on.The food was decent, but I definitely was ready for some real American food by our last night. We ended up going to eat at the Hard Rock Cafe which was expensive but very good. I loved the French restaurant and the Japanese. We did the Japanese twice it was so good.Staff seemed very friendly, especially Benji, who would always take us back and forth from our room to the beach and vice versa. Sofia in the RS lounge was always very helpful as well.The only problem that I had with the staff was the people who do the vacation club tour. DON'T DO IT! It is such a waste of time, and if you say no, they are very rude to you afterward. We were told we would receive a gift for taking the tour even if we declined membership, but when we did decline, they told us that we wouldn't be receiving anything. After brief convincing I told them that we better receive something after they just wasted 2 hours of our time, and they reluctantly gave us $70.00 Melia dollars.All in all, the trip was great. I wouldn't go back only because my husband and I don't like to visit the same place twice. Very beautiful though, and we have great pictures to prove it.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>meggyinboston
<Content>A fabulous weddingmoon       Us and our wedding party  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>gracericSpain
<Content>Great Way to Relax My husband and I (Canadians living in Spain) were at this resort with 20 others attending a wedding from Sep 29 to Oct 6. If the resort is promoting relaxing as one of the main attractions - they certainly did a great job. The resort was an experience we will not forget and the following is a review of our stay (I am trying to keep it short -- sorry if it is large):LOBBY: Very friendly Staff and willing to help someone at all times. STAFF/LANGUAGE: Client Facing Staff spoke English as well as many other languages. My husband and I speak Spanish so we did not have any problems conversing with the Staff. This staff included from all areas - Lobby, Bars, Restaurants, Buffet Restaurants, and Representatives on the beach.GROUNDS: Immaculately clean. The sleeping quarters were situated quite well and close to the beach. The landscaping (trees, bushes, many types of flowers, ponds) would provide coverage to the buildings (all were no larger than 2 stories) so you never felt that you were at a large resort with many vacationers. No need to walk - use the tram that circled the grounds (even though everthing was a hop, skip and a jump away - which was great way to walk off the calories that one injested). The walking was a great way to enjoy the many different types of birds and turtles on the grounds (peacocks, flamingos, herins, woodpeckers, and others that I do not know the names)SLEEPING QUARTERS: Rooms were large and always very clean. We had a King Size bed which was wonderful - no husband encroaching (haha). There were sofas and side chairs so no sitting on the bed when conversing or having a small gathering for drinks before dinner. The fridge bar was constantly stocked with pepsi, 7up and water. The bathroom was large and always very clean. The first day we arrived there were some fresh cut flowers in the bathroom, however, I asked that they were not placed in our room as I am allergic to insects and there were some insects in the flowers. But everyday following there were no flowers as the cleaning staff honored our wishes. They were fabulous and by the end of the week it was not hard to give them a generous tip. We had no issues with towels (actually we had a double set one day), soaps, or any problems with the water pressure and/or temperature. I must say that we miss that bed.BARS: All drinks that we tried were made well and some of the bars even had a Drink of the Day. If you want a nice tropical drink one can choose from many - ex - Mohito (made from fresh mint leaves), Banana Mama (one of my favourites), Passion (my husbands favorite) and many more. Our favorite bar was the Pool Bar - nice way to end the day at the beach while entertaining with others.POOL: The main pool is very big with different sections - ex - children, baby, jacuzzi and of course the whole pool. The pool is not designed as a rectangle so even though there could have been many people at the pool - it did not feel like it. We normally just used the pool at the end of our day at the beach to get our daily beach drink. When there is salt water just 1 minute away - we cannot stay pool side - we prefer the beach. But after talking with a few people that stayed at the pool they indicated that it was not hard to find chairs.BEACH TOWELS: No problems getting towels for the beach at 9am, 11am, 1pm - but we probably were not on location during the high season.BEACH: Clean, fine grain cream colored sand, and blue waters. Every morning there was a cleaning crew to remove the seaweed that washed up on the shoreline at night. My husband and I snorkled every day - just inside the swimming area there was an array of tropical fish, eels and anemones that made snorkling the highlight of the trip (other than the wedding). It was picture perfect and we could not get enough of it. We used to have a marine aquarium and it was like swimming with the fish that were in our aquarium. TRULY AMAZING!!!!! As with the beach towels - we never had a problem getting a chair - actually for 3 days noone used the beach part that we were on - everyone stayed on the part of the beach where the buffet restaurant was - it was like we had our own private beach. Again, probably not a high season -- but we were not complaining. There was a security guard posted at all times and therefore we were not bombarded with people that were trying to sell their goods. If one wanted to shop at the beach shops - they were at the end of the beach and due to not being part of the Hotel grounds one was approached by everyone trying to sell their goods - great way to compare prices and barter.SPA: Personally I do not do spas. However, for those of you would like to know about it -- My mother absolutely praised the spa - she as well as some others in our party had facials, different types of massages and manicures/pedicures, and again, thoroughly enjoyed their experiences/results.RESTAURANTS: For breakfast and lunch you can choose from the different buffets at the resort - and there was a variety every day so one was not bored. I must say that - yes it was a buffet - so some of the food was not hot. However, if you did not like it - dont eat it and go back for other dishes. We tried not to overdue it, but it was quite difficult. For dinner there are a variety of different restaurants that you need to make reservations for otherwise you could not get in. Due to not having alot of time we were not able to try all restaurants. Every restaurant that we did eat at (French, Seafood, Dominican, Japanesse, American) were fabulous - especially the Seafood and French. The only restaurant that we ate at that was not very good was the Italian - it was a disappointment and, of course, we ate there on our last night.THE WEDDING: The gazebo was a beautiful spot to hold the wedding. It was humid and I felt sorry for some of the guys who were sweating alot, however it only lasted around 15 minutes and we then went directly to the Golf Course to cool down, have a brunch and take photos before returning and eating the dinner at the Dominican Restaurant. All in all a Great Day. We would certainly recommend this resort to anyone that asks us our opinion.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Alcestes
<Content>Awful! This hotel is a piece of crap. The food is awful, the rooms worn out, the beach and pools are sooooo far away from most of the bungalows that you end up just not going, the ambience terrible, and the staff not very helpful, to say something. Go somewhere else, trust me, this property sucks.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>ZhongZhong
<Content>Had an excellent wedding       beach pic  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Keo1979
<Content>Brilliant but go Royal Service Brilliant Hotel it is a big complex but after a few days of getting used to where everything is the size is not a problem. From the moment you get there the people can鈥檛 do enough for you arrived at the airport in Punta Cana had a short wait for the bags then some local men come to take the bags to the coach (they do expect a tip for doing this though) then a 20 min drive to the hotel. Once at the hotel we were ushered to the Royal Service lounge which is nice and air conditioned, from there we were taken to our room opposite the Royal Service Pool And Restaurant. The porters take the bags to the room and show you how to book restaurants and how to work the telly.The resort has a number of restaurants on the site 9 (but only 6 were open when we went) all of which were very nice with great service. The resort also has a few buffet restaurants if you want more relaxed evening meal, there are lots of bars all offering a good range of drinks and cocktails again good table service.Hotel is really good cant understand the bad feedback it has had everything that we seen was brilliant even when we did have a problem with one of our parties rooms the service people come out in about 10 mins. There are bugs around but this is not because the place is dirty it is just that its so hot and humid. Would defiantly go to the hotel again the only thing putting me off is the 9 hour flight from the UK.Andy Keogh Keo1979@hotmail.com  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Spazdoodles
<Content>My fave all inclusive yet!       Outdoor seating area at buffet  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>WabushLabradorian
<Content>never again!! This was the worst trip of my life! I learned from this resort that big resorts are not for me...but to each his own. I was there for two weeks and I couldn't wait to get back out of it. Out of 14 days we had to call for towels 10 of them, and not only once! One day we called 3 times before finally getting the towels. The rooms were nice and roomy...but it's the first time I had experiences with bugs! The airconditioning doesn't work very well and the televisions definitely need to be replaced...The picture is terrible!I HATE bugs and I was stressed to the max by the time the trip was over. Every single day there was something from tiny, tiny bugs (the bathroom counter was covered one day) crickets, cockroaches (twice), ants and even a frog one night. The door doesn't seal very well so I am assuming that is how they were getting in. Every night I use to put a towel over the drain in the bathroom floor, the drain in the tub and one across the bottom of the door...but it still didn't help. I was ready to come home about the 8th day when I opened the closet door and a cockroach came running out! The best sleep I use to get was in the evening when my husband would be awake and I could take a nap or on the beach. Other than that I was up all night long. One night I woke and seen a shadow crawling up the wall...so of course I screamed at my husband and when he switched on the lights it was a frog! The service in general was poor and I think it is mainly due to the size of the resort...the staff have so much area to cover that it takes forever to get things done...if it gets done.This is also the first resort I have been at that the timeshare people are EVERYWHERE and they don't leave you alone. You can't leave your room without one of them approaching you. They have stands set up at the entrance to the buffets and the lobbies...and they are strolling around by the pools. You are pestered to death at this resort. The food wasn't too bad..but it did get kind of tiring by the end of the 1st week. We ate mostly at the American Grill and the buffet.The CHINESE was the worst thing I have ever tasted. It's not what I am use to calling Chinese food. The American grill is really good because you can get a steak, but don't expect to get the side order of your choice. The side orders are pretty much laid out for you.I completed a comment card at this resort upon my leaving and pretty much said what I have said here but to this day I have heard from nobody in customer service.This is a beautiful resort and well kept...but that's not enough to make a vacation!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>littlejet
<Content>An expansive resort with much to offer!       The Royal Service/VIP pool area  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>wagon11
<Content>Our experience at the Melia Caribe My girlfriend and I recently went to the Melia Caribe from Sept 9th - 14th. After reading numerous reviews (and watching the Weather Channel prior to leaving), I have to say we were a bit nervous about our upcoming trip. But hopefully this review will answer a few of your questions if you are headed to the resort and you will find it helpful. I'll try to cover as much as I can, so you are as informed as you can be.First off, I booked the trip through the hotel website (solmelia.com). Sol Melia resorts actually offers a low-price online guarantee, and booking was easy and not a problem. The only thing you need to be aware of when booking through the hotel website is that they will NOT charge your credit card when you make your reservation; they charge your card when you check into the hotel. Based on the reviews here on tripadvisor.com, we decided to get the Royal Service Master Suite.We flew out of Atlanta to the Dominican Republic on Delta Airlines. They offer flights twice a week, so your stay will typically be at least a few days.You'll arrive at the Dominican Republic airport and you walk from the plane into the terminal. You'll have to wait in line as you enter the terminal because they take your picture and then on your flight out they have it up on the wall in case you want to buy it. After you clear the photo op, you'll have to open up your wallet or purse, and pay $10 per person for a tourist entry card. It is completely meaningless---- not a visa or anything, but the DR is a poor country and charge everyone ten dollars just to get in.Once you get your bags, you'll be swarmed by baggage handlers who are VERY EAGER to grab your bags and take them to an awaiting taxi. Word of advice--- carry your own bags. It is only a short walk to the taxi areas and you don't know what can happen to your bags if you let someone else take them from you. Taxis are lined up outside the terminal. Don't accept a standard price from taxi drivers-- bargain them down. Most will take you to your resort for $20 (they typically start at $25). The drive to the Melia Caribe is boring, so don't bother pulling out your camera. Once we arrived, we showed the baggage handler our reservation and he took us to the Royal Service lounge / reception area. The staff in the Royal Service lounge is very nice. They present you with drinks when you come in and immediately get you checked into your room. At the lounge you are introduced to your personal butler, who takes care of everything from there. Our butler was Pablo, and he was great for the duration of our stay. Your butler will drive you to your room, unload your baggage, show you how to work the safe, and then leave you alone to enjoy your vacation. If you are looking for a great butler, ask for Pablo.Our room was nice, but the bed isn't the most comfortable in the world. It was not very supportive and actually slightly bowed in the middle. The bathroom situation is pretty wierd (as it is next to the shower and pretty much in view of the entire room), so if you aren't comfortable with the bathroom habits of your wife/girlfriend/family member, you will be by the time you get done with your trip. The jacuzzi in the Master suite is nice, and your butler will get it filled up and ready to go by whatever time you like. We had Pablo take care of our jacuzzi tub twice during our stay and it was great. I'd recommend bringing a citronella candle that will last you the week (or some bug spray) because the mosquitos will be in your room every night if you don't have anything. The maids clean your room every day and restock your fridge. The room service menu is VERY LIMITED. They have a few sandwiches, small pizzas, and waters/sodas, and that is it. So don't expect a full-blown menu.The Royal Service villas are right next to the Gabi Restaurant and the Royal Service pool. The pool is great and is surprisingly VERY CLEAN. I actually swam around the pool with goggles and was pretty shocked to see how clean it was. The pool is great and has plenty of private cabanas if you need some shade from the sun. My girlfriend and I spent most of our time at the beach, which was awesome. White sand beaches, clear turquoise water.....it really didn't get much better. We had fantastic weather during the week we were there (even though the Weather Channel forecasted rain all week). The beach drink/wait staff wasn't too great, but they will give you towels, get your drinks, and for the most part they leave you alone. Beach activities are plentyful, but everything costs money (even the so-called free activities). We went snorkeling with sharks, and it was a great afternoon activity. Stick to the beach if you are looking for a relaxing time, with family or friends.Up to this point I really have not had any complaints about the resort, and you're probably wondering why I only gave the Melia Caribe three stars. My biggest complaint is the food. The restaurants are really sad in terms of selection, quality of food, and variation of menus. Even the Gabi Restaurant, which is supposed to be the best on on the resort, is pretty sad. The service is very good, but the food just isn't that great. Don't expect gourmet meals anywhere you go. About the only restaurant that I even thought was OK was the mexican food restaurant, La Hacienda. Drinks are also pretty bland/weak, with not much alcohol content. The wine is not great either. I actually felt bad because a lot of the waiters will actually ask you if they can do anything to make your dining experience better, but the quality of food is just sub-par.So overall, the experience that my girlfriend and I had at the Melia Caribe Tropical was good. It was a very relaxing vacation for the two of us and the resort is beautiful. Be prepared not to eat too well, and you'll be just fine. I hope this review helped you to plan your visit, and enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>WhitneyB
<Content>Nice, but really big We stayed on the Caribe side in a royal service deluxe one bedroom suite. On the trip were me and my two friends (25 year olds) and my mom.Check in and RoomsDuring check in, they do bring you a wet lemon sented towel and a mimosa which is very refreshing. The people at the royal service check in were extremely nice! We speak very little spanish and did not really encounter a language problem with them or anyone at the resort except for a maid which was no big deal.  We had four people and two rooms and had asked for adjoining rooms when booking the room. We even had a Spanish speaking friend call a couple weeks before we left to confirm our reservations and that we had adjoining rooms. We arrived and were in two totally seperate buildings and they told us they had no adjoining rooms available. A golf cart was waiting to take us and our luggage to the room which was nice. The room was not what was pictured on the internet as a one bedroom royal service suite, but it was nice. The bed was extremely comfortable. My friends in the other room had no remote control for the TV in the bedroom, and their phone did not work for 3 days after repeatedly calling the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd day to get it fixed. This was a big inconveinence seeing as my friends were in a different building and I had to walk over there everytime I needed to ask something. The bathroom was nice with a large tub (had little ity bugs crawling all over it) and a great shower. There was plenty of closet and storage space for 2 people's stuff. The fridge was always stocked with soft drinks, beer, juice, and water. The maids did a nice job and left mints on your pillow.BeachThe beach was a LONG walk from our royal sevice room. It took us about 15 mins to get there in the blazing heat. They advertise carts that take you back and forth from the beach. We would start walking toward the beach and could usually flag one down. The royal service beach was beautiful! We had no problem getting one of those covered thingies. There were topless women there and larger men in speedos so be prepared if you are not used to that. There was a little seaweed one day, but no big deal. The water was clear and a very nice temperature.Water SportsWe did the kayak(free) and the parasailing(around $35 i think). Be prepared that you are not allowed to bring ANY of your stuff on the parasailing boat and they want you to leave it on the beach unattended. We were not happy about this but were eventually going to leave it but take our expensive cameras and money with us. They INSISTED that we leave the cameras at the beach, even though my friend's was water proof and she said if she lost it or it got wet or anything, it was her fault, not theirs. Well, she and the parasailing guy got in a yelling match and it was not pretty. We eventually went and figured out the whole reason we couldn't take the camera is because they take a picture of you with THEIR camera and want tou to buy it from them. The whole time everyone was unloading off of the boat, the driver was yelling TIP TIP TIP TIP TIP!!! That was annoying. FoodMost of the food was really good. We had no problems getting a reservation at the ala cart resturants. Avoid the Italian restaurant...it was HORRIBLE! WE had to go eat somewhere else afterwards. The Japaneese restaurant was great and so was the French restaurant. A surprise to me was the Domincan restaurant. It was great! We did not go to the Mexican restaurant. The Gabbi Club restaurant was by far the best and the waiters were awesome. Side Tripsthere is a desk where you can arrange to do excursions. The desk is only staffed at certain hours.We went and rode dune boogies one day of our trip and had a lot of fun. You have to ride an open air truck to a location about 30 minutes away. One of the guides spoke Spanish, French, and English all very well and I think he knew other languages as well. After a little instruction we boarded our buggies and rode down dirt roads through big mud puddles and through pastures with all sorts of farm animals. It was really cool! I saw the tallest pig I had EVER seen. We eventually ended up on a deserted beach (well deserted aside from the people there trying to sell you jewelry and bannana leaf hats) where we took a dip in the ocean. We then rode on to a cave that had a crystal clear, cold, lagoon inside where you could take another dip. We then rode back to the farm and had a cold soft drink and then went and rode horses around for a little while. It was probably the best time we had while in the Domincan. It was really neat to ride the truck through the town and then ride the buggies and horses through the country side. In conclusion, since I have writen a novel pretty much, the resort was really a nice place to stay aside from a few minor things. The room was very comfortable, the food was mostly good, the drinks were good and could be really strong if you asked for them to be. The staff was friendly, the R.S.pool was great (forgot to mention that earlier) and so was the beach. Oh and there was a Michael Jackson impersonator show one night, and we all really enjoyed that. The dancers were amazing! Some of it was a tad bit on the cheesy side, but if you just let loose and sing along and enjoy the dancing, you will have a great time. The beach was way too far from the ocean. I don't think I have ever stayed at a beach front resort where the water was so far away. You think it would be closer, especially for the royal service guests. We were, however, right across from the pool and the Gabbi Club. Ok, I'm done. I hope this was helpful. I would reccomend thie Melia Caribe, just bring comfortable shoes because you will be doing alot of walking.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>beso14
<Content>Beautiful hotel, perhaps too big       room in villa 28 (all the ones we saw in villlas 24-31 looked the same)  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Sofi-Arminda
<Content>Just great ! We have just returned from a week at the Melia Caribe. The hotel is magnificent and the service was very good. The grounds were lovely maintained, it is a paradise!. We stayed on the Caribe side (not royal service), close to the pool, the beach and the SPA. We definitively had a great time and would come back in the future. The food is very good and the selection is vast, maybe it was because the hotel was not too full but we did not have any problems in getting reservations for the a la carte restaurants (we consider the Japanesse restaurant the best). The pool and the beach are wonderful, and had no problems in getting a chair at either place. It was a worthy experience !  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Keithtianhar
<Content>Disappointed in basic standard of resort, royal service a must Arrived as a family of 6 people, including my mum, we were firstly met by a long wait a reception in the heat of the day. We had 3 rooms virtually together which was good, the room decor and quality was just about adequate, not what you would expect from a 5* resort. The ala'carte resteraunts were great especially the Capri, (sea food) La Gondola (Italian), La Pagoda (Thai). Whatch out for some of the bar staff at the main bar, they are always looking for the big tippers and can leave you waiting a while to be served. The grounds were kept immaculate, and the little train runs regularly, the bell boys will always stop and give you a ride on their carts.Some staff are not very fluent in English and we tried to speak Spanish at our basic level, so communication can be difficult. We decided to upgrade to Royal Service the last two days of our vacation and only wish we had done this from day one, the experience was totally different, this side was 5* and what we had expected from the normal standard room, we would return but only in Royal Service, the money they charge can be negociated on arrival.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	3	2	3	

<Author>ShellyandShaun
<Content>The Good, The Bad The Ugly and Everything Else in Between -The drive to the hotel is not very pretty. Punta Cana is one Big contruction site, it will be nice in like 10 years but right now is just not so nice. there is GARBAGE everywhere!!!! its a thrird world country but poverty is no excuse to throw garbage on the side of the roads on the green areas.. Everywhere!!!-The hotels is basically a gated complex once you enter it is very pretty.- Once we arrived at the lobby we were prompted by the staff to leave our luggage by the side with the porters while we check in.once you get yor room assigned then you tell the porter and then they deliver your luggage. Big Mistake...-One of our luggages was stolen/lost??? while being looked after it by the hotel staff. we called the managers and the told us that it was probably delivered to a different guest room and that they will have the staff look at every room etc. they managment said that they would carry an investigation, but nothing turned up... -The luggage was either stolen or lost under the cared of the hotel staff and we/ everyone is told to leave their luggage there. so you would think the hotel is responsive for this... not according to them, instead we were meet with hostility and aI don't care its not our problem our our responsablity responsethe exact words of the management was  there is nothing we can do, its not our responsablityhow can that be the luggage was stolen or lost while under their care. we were not offer any kind of conpensation and we had 3 kids left without clothing for a whole week. we asked the manager if they would at least provide some bathing suits for the kids they said yes that they will personally deliver a set for each at the room... 2 days after still no bathing suits , they reason was because they were being clean!!! since they were USED bathing suits left by previous guest.. we were outraged.. and we told them we would not accept them.... at the end to the day we were left without our luggage with all brand new thingsand a management that would not do nothing about it.-We there for a our wedding/blessing/honeymoon and we had spoken with the wedding department in advance, we were expecting an upgrade.. one that DID not happen.we were greated as VIPS and given champagne at the guest services desk... we were told that we where being given an upgrade and in broken english told .. very very nice room....they room as far from nice.... it was like a motel room!!!! and there was rust in all the fixtures, NO air conditioner, NO hot waterfar from a honeymoon suite like we were promised.we contacted our wedding coordinator the next day, told her about the room and how we ddint get the upgrade and that our room was so discusting. Miss Sol the coodinator told us that if we were not given the upgrade upon arrival that that was it .. she could not move us.. not even later.... we were less than impress with this lack of costumer service and how the management just Didn't want to help!!!the Following day we meet with our THOMSON rep.. Jon he was great.. we told him about the problem with our room and guess what.. he said no worries i will talk to them and you will be changed to another room... and we did !! we were given what we initially were promised a room with a jacuzzy and with hot water nand air con... what the hotel staff could not do .. our holiday rep from THOMSON did.the same problem of dirty, smelly, dated room was encountered by some our wedding party guest. however they book thru expedia/ internet and they are not REPS for them at the hotel so did not have anyone to defend them.. so for that I would recomment to go with a travel agency rather than booking thru the internet .. -The HOtel is BIG and its very divided. the CARIBE side in my opinon was nicer. both the caribe and tropical have a restaurant oin from of the beach and next to their pool.for Caribe is Turey, for Tropical is Agora. they are open restaurants by the beach... they were both VERY DIRTY and there were FLIES EVERYWHERE all over the food al over the plates... how can they even allow this to happen its a heath hazzard, many of the cooks would be wiping their sweet while cooking the food and not wash their hands .. right infront of us while cooking the food. the flies where everywhere, they were this domes cover on the food but they have opening on the front for serving , thats how they flies would get in.... no food tray was left without havng flies all over it .. I wanted to throw up.we were in building 36, right in front of the beach facing palma real hotel and the royal service beach, nice location, nice room in comparison to the first one we got but still dated and in need of tlc. the beach was right next to us and also they turey grill but it was so discusting we had to take the trolly everyday to the main lobby to have some food with out it being laced with FLIES.Breakfast Buffet is at the MARKET PLACE restaurant (formely known as Atabales).. its a buffet and its been newly renovated so its very very pretty, Lunch buffet is at the GONDOLA (its the italian rest) but its a bit dated.. but we were told that is was being renovated in september.The Restaurants: All food: MEDIOCRE, Decor: Very Pretty, Service: they try really hard and work really hard but they were messing the orders half of the time , I just think they are not properly trainned.. not fault on the workers but fault on the management... (nothing was authentic (except for the dominican one)each have a very very limited menus, I could have gotten more variety at the buffet. in fact the food is just like in the buffet just nicely plated and in smaller portions.HOKKAIDO: (japanese) not authentic, rather greasy, not much of a show.. the cheft brought everything already cutted up so it was not like a performace in the chopping and the cooking like its done in japanese restaurantsHACIENDA: (mexican) not authentic.... the menu basically burritos and enchiladas nicely plated... that is not real mexican food that is fastfood why burritos at an a la carte restaurant... I have tons of mexican friends and they mexican cuisine is extensice and its certainly not just burritos and tacos. AMERICAN GRILL: Basically DEnnis/ Applebys menu.. burgers and fries.MA MAISON:(french) not french at all... just basically nicely plated buffet foodPAGODA: (asian) nothing special.. had the most choices in the menu but it was basically not an a la carte.. the menu was basically the tipical asian dishes: sweet and sour pork, egg rolls, fried dumplins etc ... nicely plated but were the same as in the buffet.. it was all assembled food ... to food that was created like its done in an a la carteCAPRI: (seafood) : same food like in the buffet just nicely plated... I was disappointed how the litte things were not done .. example the mash potatoes.. they are NOT REAL potatoes but the INStant Mix .. and that was nasty.. come on how difficult is to make a real mash potatoes.. and this was in all the restaurantsLE GOURMET: (international) same food that you find in the others.. there is not difference LA GONDOLA: (Italian) the restaurant is dated and a bit dirty.. but its going to be redone in september .. the menu was nothing special, regular pasta menues you see in your neighborhood italian restaurant...but not the menu of a proper a la carte gourmet resturantEL GUARAPO: (Dominican) By far the best service off all the restaurants and the most authentic, very nice in my opinion but not a western menu... I had the CHIVO ( which is Baby goat ).. i thought it was nice but my husband (british taste buds) would not even think of it.. do it depends if you like to try local things, different taste to what you are used to.THE MARKET PLACE: (Buffet) very nice for a buffet the restaurant has been recently renovated so its pretty and modern. the food basically the same you would find at the other restaurants but instead of having a set menu .. you pick what you like etc and the service is very nice and efficient. I would compare it to a Bristo.TUREY: (beach buffet restaurant.) FLIES FLIES FLIES... the food is not as good as the main lobby buffet marketplace... more of the  different food.. and when say different is not in a nice sense... service is Very bad. the staff is not as proper more like they are hanging out.. and the music is always spanish.. which can be a bit annoying cause they put it very loud .. the coffee and the juices where nasti.. all had an after taste or from concentrate... the bar is very limited and dirty...AGORA: (Beach buffet) they worst of them all!!! the most dated and the most dirty things .. FLIES FLIES FLIES all over the food .. service horrible OVer all the restaurants were unimaginative, not cooked by a cheft but a undertrained cook, the use of intant potato mix is ridiculous. the service was ok to nice.. nothing special .. for a hotel that big and part of such a big chain.. its simply unacceptable to have undertrained staff that even though they are very pleasent and try really hard... god bless them at the end of they day you end upbot being happy with how the food was made... ( salty, and assembled rather than created)THE BARS: the beach buffet restaurant bars and the swim up bars are BAD..The exotic drinks are made from a mix in a slushy machine like the ones from seven eleven, not natural fruit but comercial pour from the gallon sort of thing .. very sugary... very few premium brandsthe Lobby bars, OK.. also used the SLushy machine to make drinks, example.... for a pina colada.. they just pour some of the slushy machine mix and then top it when a spash of room .. don't even mix them for you.. and then thats what they call a pina colada ....one day you can have a well dont cosmo or apple martini other days they would make youa drink that is completely diffrent.. example.. i order one day a sour apple martini.. one day it was green and taste like an apple martini the other day was RED and it tasted like RUM and Had cranberry juice ... thats certainly not an apple martiniCOCO LOCO is one of the few frinks that is made from scratch.. with coconut milk, milk , sugar and ice in the BLENDER for you topped with cinnamon .. and NOT from the slushy machine!!!!!THE LOBBIES: HOT and HUMID but very Beautiful.... in the tropical Lobby no fans at the lobby or the bar.. its so HUMID you cant even sit there.....In the CARIBE lobby which is the main lobby to check in in etc etc and for meeting .. NO fans the air just sits, very humid, very hot .. its a real problem. some fans at the caribe lobby bar but still very hot ... its a problem that many other guest complained about... the only places with air conditioner are the CASINO and the Restrooms!!!!!! everything else is hot and humid. the LObby is supposed to be a meeting point a place to you want to hang around in.. not in this case.... you can't stand being there....the Casino bar makes more decent drinks but i guess is because its a continious sort revenue and they want you to stay there and gambleALL the bar tenders and the bar maids are very very nice and pleasant. all working staff and very nice and could not do enough for you .. really hard working people... the FRONT desk and management is another story.. Difficult not willing help.The TRolly System... at the beggining nice like do ride them as you get to see the grounds .. but when its hot and you are waiting for them its very annoying .. and by the end of our 2 weeks we were tired if the trolly system. so for the future a smaller hotel for usTips on where to stay.... IF staying near the Beach:PROS: the beach is near you and so is the pool , so no walking long distinance in the heat of the day....CONS: the beach buffets are discusting!! flies everywhere, and its more for the party animal / masses, the bars are not as nice, poor choices of drinks and dated and dirtyIF staying near the lobbies:PROS: the rooms I think the rooms are nicer and the people more relax not too loud there, the restaurants are NEAR you no need for trollies and the ground are nicer since near the lobby is where the newer and is where the  nightlife is like the theater and the bars and the casino so anything that happens will be near you. near the LObbies are where the royal service is and also the Vacation club suites ( timeshares) so the food and service is much much better because people are paying more there so it caters for that and NO Flies at the buffetsCONS: long way to the Beach and the Pool so you will be dependent on the trolly or have a long walk in the heat and humidity.NIGHLIFE within the hotel: Nightlife Basically ends at 11pm.. as the nightly 1 hour shows ends.. the FUN pub?? uhmm not so fun .. yeah they play music but its empty for the most part.. i took a peek every night and it was not so fun most of the time very empty... I felt so sorry about the new guest us at the begining they will show at the lobby at 10 pm thinking that their night was about to begin and will dance until the hours of the night . when it was ending right then.. I would see then boringly after a like an hour oof trying to see if anything was happening they would go back to the trolly stop to go back to their rooms ... so sadTHE SHOWS: OK .. some ok .. some very boring ....they are like cabaret like ... impersonations etc .. and what is it with the MICHAEL JACKSON SHOWS.. goosh .... repetitive , dated!!!!! they are all dance shows .. dance dance dance .. after 2 shows you seen them all .. i would have like to see more like musicals .. with a story line ... or a play??? or comedy ... but actual comedy .. not clownishTHe check out.. can be long and they make you fill a survey.. which takes time .. my husband didnt know how to say nobeware .. dont use the phone to dial out .otherwise you will be charged an outrageous amount..BEAWARE of the safe usage..... we used the safe.. then at the check out they wanted to charge us 28 dollars for using it ( 2$ per day) when they didnt tell us we would be charged .. and held my Luggage Hostage.. if i didnt pay.... even if I didnt sign not was told that there would be a charge.... and they were very rude and would not accept fault on their side.. all they could say is YOU PAY YOU PAY....PRICES and ITems at the Palma real mall and lobby shops:OVER PRICED... the same items you can find them other places, you find the same item everywhereGETTING OUT to shop: I have never felt most harazzed ever before.... its like a feeding frenzy.. like u are a piece of meat in a lake full of pirahnas.....everything is over priced.. seriously over priced.. it was a very unpreasent experience going out into the little towns to shop in punta cana, would not like to do it again .. I was born in dominican republic but I was raised in NY and now I live in england with my husband who is british .. and it was a discrace to see how what I sadly call my people behave like .. complete harazement, and the dirt and the junk everywhere!!!!! discusting ... THE AIRPORT: our luggages were over weight.. so we knew we would pay or if lucky they would let us thru.well what happned was that really didnt it for me and realized where I was and how lawless and how its a feeding frenzy and how you feel like everyone wants money from you.we were checking in for our deparrture and we had to pay 20$ usd each which was ok .. when it came time to weight the luggage we were over weight by 12 kilos .. which meant 240$ ( 20$ per kilo to pay) .... I was like oh my gosh can you please let me go .. I dominican and I live over seas bought loads of stuff for keepsake, can you give a break..... well what the check in clerk told me was just out of order but it worked for me...he said well that he would let me go and not to pay the 240$ but instead go to the ATM and get SOMETHING FOR HIM and bring it back and he would let the luggage with the weight go.... so we did we gave him 70$ FOR HIM TO POCKET WHILE AT WORK AT THE WORK COUNTER .. I never thought that briveI will never come back to punta cana again .. I will go to puerto plata perhaps.. maybe .. but honestly im so disappointed with the experience that I doubt it .. I think mexico or egypt for us next year  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>SB2007Ireland
<Content>Lovely Location-Poor Resort Myself and my husband have just arrived back from Dominican Republic. We stayed at the all inclusive Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana. Although we had an enjoyable holiday this was not down to the resort. The room was shabby (a Deluxe Junior Suite supposedly!!), the food was awful (mostly buffet and snack food available), and they served bottom class alcohol (which was included in the price aswell)....Although the staff were friendly and helpful, they became very rude if you did not want to buy what they were selling or said no when offered information on various activities. Also, alot of the staff in the resort were sales people for their Vacation Club and we found ourselves railroaded into the information tour for signing up for the club. Like I said it is very very hard to say no to them. Another point was that in this all inclusive resort all non motorised water sports were supposed to be included. Although they are free the lessons / training on how to use the equipment before doing the activity are quite expensive and you do start to feel slightly ripped off!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>AJ21
<Content>Don't be put off by some reviews you may have read After reading some of the reviews for this hotel prior to our visit I was very apprehensive - particularly as the purpose of the visit was for my daughter's wedding. I need not have worried. Pretty much everything about this hotel was perfect from the grounds which were immaculate to the food which was well presented and delicious to the staff who were very friendly and helpful.The wedding was perfect and I would definitely recommend this hotel for this. The wedding gazebo was beautiful .As for the critisism I have seen regarding the booking of speciality restaurants- all I can say is that we had no trouble which considering there were 11 in our party and that these restaurants are not huge was great. I generally managed to book at the 1st attempt. You do need to be a little flexible about the time you eat - but as you are on holiday and have no prior engagements - not too difficult. There were some renovations underway when we were there but this ws not intrusive and if the areas which have been renovated are an indication of things to come - it is going to be fantastic.Generally a great place to stay and one I would recommend.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Meplus3
<Content>Family of 4's experience, Don't Worry and Go, We had a great time! Background: We (my husband and two children, ages 8 and 4) just returned from a 12 day trip to the Melia Caribe Tropical, beginning Aug 22nd. All in all, we had a wonderful time. I speak fluent Spanish and we visit the Dominican Republic annually. We usually stay at the Barcelo Palace (really nice), Hamaca (hated it), Gran Flamenco (horrible) or Gran Bahia (nice). Since we heard that the Melia was more geared toward families, we decided to give it a try. We were not disappointed. The resort is full of children.Check In: Arrived from JFK at 10:15am. Were in our rooms by noon. No problem.Grounds: Immaculate!!!! Truly a beautifully landscaped and decorated resort. However, the walkways are extremely slippery! We all slipped several times and the walkway were not even wet. Room: Family Suites building 2 first floor overlooking the Kids Club and pool. Beautiful, spacious room close to the beach, Agora Grill (breakfast and lunch), main pool and Kids Club. The room has two TV's (one flat screen, the other regular). It comes with an iron and large umbrella. We really liked our room. However on the second to last day, the ceiling of the bathroom was leaking. It appears that there was a leak from the second floor bath tub. No problem. I called ext. 3000 (Servi Express) and went about my business of having a good time. By the time we came back from the beach, the problem was resolved and the bathroom was clean.Beach: Absolutely Beautiful!!! Clear green water, good snorkeling. There are ample beach loungers. However, you should get to the beach early (by 7am) to reserve a beach umbrella. I used to bring my towels and beach toys and leave it on the loungers under the umbrella. The resort provides the children with a really nice pail full of shovels, bubble making liquid and sand/ water toys. The children really loved it. If it is not in your room, do ask the cleaning lady. She will get it.Pool: The resort has several pools which are enormous and spectacular with swim up bar. They have these huts with mattresses which are pretty hard to come by unless you get to the pool early. However, you can get one in the late afternoon (after 3:30pm). By the way, you can get free coconuts from the gardeners poolside. I suggest that you try it. Coconut milk is excellent for hydration and tastes delicious.Food: I have to admit that the Barcelo Palace had more variety in their buffets. However, the food was fine even for my picky eaters. In order to avoid stomach ailments, we avoided all raw food. We had breakfast and lunch at the Agora Grill, only because it was next to our building and right on the beach. Dinner was another story. Since we stayed at the resort for 12 days, I can give you the perspective of a resort at near capacity and when the tourist season is winding down. The first week was a real test on my nerves when it came to making reservations for dinner. I called the reservation hotline at 9am to make reservations for the following evening... the first day, I was on the line (ringing phone) for 40 minutes!!!! I hung up and called the front desk to complain... they patched me through and I was able to make my reservation for that evening and the following. Next day, 30 minutes!!! Called the front desk and again immediately patched through. For the next 6 days, it was the same story. Until earlier this week when the guests began to depart, then it was a completely different experience. I actually got through within 5 minutes.Our favorite restaurant was the Dominican (Guarapo) and Mexican (Hacienda). Least favorite, Capri and Gondola. The Japanese was OK, at best. They prepare the food with way too much salt. We did not try any of the others.Transportation: Since the resort is enormous, they have two trains and at times some vans to transport guests to various areas of the resort. The trains are supposed to arrive every 15 minutes. However, toward the beginning of our trip we waited upwards of 25 minutes for a train. They have a horse drawn carriage daily from 3pm to 11pm which was a really nice ride in the evening. It is free, but we tipped the driver.Kids Club: We attended the nightly mini disco and had a blast!!! The children loved it!!! The children dance and participate in nightly contests. Loads of fun!Medical Experience: On the 9th day of our trip, my children developed very high fever (103 deg F) in the evening. I gave them Children's Tylenol without success. The following morning I took them to the resort doctor. He was very pleasant. He gave them an injection which during the course of about 2 hours completed eliminated all ill symptoms. However, this recovery only occured after we had visited the Hospiten ER... that little visit set us back $615!!!! The ER doctor checked their breathing and throat..... no lab work! Diagnosis, throat infection. When I complained about the price tag, the receptionist responded that my insurance would reimburse me!! Whatever you do, try to avoid getting hurt. It could cost you a small fortune!!Check Out: A breeze... 10 minutes.Summary: I can see how this resort can become inconvienent when it is near full capacity. Between the restaurant reservation process and the availability of the train, it can make one pull out their hair. I spoke to the staff and they recommended visiting during the last weeks of August, Sept, Oct. They said that Dec was really crowded. I can say that our first week, was a bit trying. While the second week was shear delight. I found that the staff was very helpful and pleasant. They are extremely hard working people who make very little. Make sure that you bring along some singles and tip these people. We met alot of wonderful people (other guests) from the U.S., Spain, Venzuela, Mexico and England. The guests are alot friendlier here than in other resorts that we have visited. All in all we all agree that we would return. We had a really nice time, even with the one day medical issue.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Roonie8165
<Content>Second time visiting! Loved it!       Royal Service Pool  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Heard
<Content>Had a nice time Visited this property 8/27-8/30. It was a nice place and it was very large. Be prepared to do some walking. The grounds are beautiful and very well kept. We were in room 4117 one of the buildings furthest from the beach/pool. We were close to the lobby and restaurants which was nice....just wish we were closer to beach. There was a pool right outside our door which was for Royal Service only. I was rather annoyed by this......the pool was huge...not sure why it couldnt be for everyone since the pool we had to use was atleast a 15 minute walk. (yes, there were trams too) I could understand a special lobby, restaurant and other things for Royal Service...but not the pool. The room was nice. There were a few bugs in the room, but nothing to really complain about.....we were in the Caribbean after all. When I say bugs I mean an occasional mosquito, teeny-tiny aunts around the bathroom sink, and a gnat or two. (and I hate bugs!!!!!) There were slippers in the room which were nice. Robes were there too. One of ours had a pretty nice sized hole in it. We never could get the safe to work, which was also a little annoying. Upon check out they tried to charge us $6 for the safe. When we told them we couldnt get it to work, they told us to sit and wait about 20min. to get it taken care of.......we opted not to mess with it and paid the $6.....but it was rather frustrating.The restaurants were average. Breakfast buffet was good.We did the American Grill one night and it was just ok.....Also did the Mexican and it was a little better.Room Service was good too....they had salads, chicken sandwiches, hamburgers, blt's, pizza and other sandwiches. There were a few desert items on the menu. We asked for cookies which were not on the menu and they brought us several different kinds. (those were just ok too.....satisfied the sweet tooth)We had access to a pillow menu which was nice. They allowed 1 per person in the room. Lavendar/Chamomille was nice. You order your pillow each night. For some reason the last night the pillow never came. Not sure what happened. I really didn't want to hassle with it so I never called.They have a really cool bar area and it is called the Gabi (sp?) Nice relaxing seating with candles, scents, and music. It was open air. I could sit out there all night!!!!Preito Tours was our ground handler....they were great! Assisted our every need. This country appeared to be hungry for money. Airport gifts were highest ever as was the food. I haven't decided if I would go back or not. The beaches are absolutely breathtaking!!!!!!! That may be the only reason. The proce was reasonable for what you got.One last thing.....at the bar they have this shot called Mamajauwana (sp?) it is pretty gross. Don't do it. It burns your throat!!!! :)Have fun!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kay76
<Content>Beautiful place, but customer service sorely lacking My family and I stayed at the Melia last week. We were a big group, 27 total, with children. The resort was absolutely beautiful, very large complex. The beach was breathtaking, clean, white sand. The grounds were well kept. I think the staff could have been more courteous. Their attitude was oh well. They did not go out of their way to please people. I heard other guests complain as well about the service. Check-in was a long process. I was suppose to have a room upgrade and it was not in their system. Nothing was done to accomodate me.Another issue was making dinner reservations. It was very, very difficult to make reservations for our group. Many times we had to eat late or break up the group. Most annoying was going to dinner without half of our group and the restaurant could have clearly seated us all. I usually had to call several times a day to make reservations because all the restaurants were always booked, according to the reservations desks, but at the same time they would not allow you to make reservations days in advance. I think they could have been more accomodating to us as a group and as guests period. The attitude among the staff was unacceptable.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Nu327
<Content>Great Place! Horrible service! We stayed for a week in Melia Caribe Tropical. We choose it because we have confidence in Meli脿 hotels.The hotel is great, with gardens, pools, activities, etc... waht you expect to find in a great resort.The hotel has two problems: teh humidity and the staff.Rooms are not well conditioned for the exagerated humidity in Punta Cana. I didin't find the way to dry my swimsuit. The one I weared the first day arrived wet when we get back to Barcelona. But the main problem is the staff. They're not there to serve you, not to make you feel comofortable., It seems a party for the staff too. We had read the checking was really slow. We jump out the bus to be the firsts. We did the check in and they told us they'll bring us our suitcases to room. We went to the room and wait... we wait two hours and half!!They were playing in the swimmimgpool (not with guest,,,), eating in the buffet ( if you wanted and ice crime, you have to wait 5 minutes until 5 or 6 staff members where there taking icecream for theirselves!)It seemed they were there to catch a girlfriend, not to work!BUt I don't know if is it in this hotel or in the whole republica dominicana!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>frazzano
<Content>Great Family Vacation I spent a great deal of time planning this vacation for my family. We have 3 small children ages 5,3,and 1 and it was important to find a resort that would accommodate us. After reading many of the reviews that were posted I was very nervous and up until a few days before our trip I was considering changing hotels. Here is my honest review of the resort.Booking the Trip: I went directly to the resort's website solmelia.com and I got the best deal through them. I saved a lot of money this way.Accommodations: We orginally booked a family jr. suite however when we arrived we upgraded to the Royal Service and it was the BEST decision we could have made. We arrived to the resort around 1 pm on a Tues. and there were not many people checking in. Therefore, there was not the long wait that everyone complained about. Once we decided to upgrade we were taken to the VIP lounge. In comparing the two areas of the resort I will say that the Royal Service was a 5 star where the other side of the resort is more like a Holiday Inn. Staying at the Royal Service was like paradise. We received impeccable service from everyone. It was only a 5 minute walk to the beach and we had 24 hr. access to transportation if we chose not to walk. The rooms were beautiful. We were in a one bedroom master suite, building #49. The R.S. provided us with 24 hr. room service, butler service( our butler prepared our jacuzzi and brought us a bottle of champagne) pillow menu,private beach. It was well worth every extra penny.Food/Drinks: The Gabi restuarant and snack bar at the R.S. were wonderful. We NEVER had a problem making reservations for the other restuarants as long as we called in the a.m the day before. Here is where we ate:Capri: Great seafood Japanese: Also great food, restuarant a bit warmDominican: Best food and air conditioning (we ate here twice)International: not too good, poor serviceThe best advice was to buy Bubba Kegs. It kept our drinks cold throughout the day. Flinstones Kids Camp: Great place for the kids. We dropped all three off for about 1 1/2 hrs. in the afternoon and they enjoyed playing with other children and also appreciated a break from the sun. My husband and I also enjoyed a little R  R.Activities: I didn't really see many activities going on. I'm not sure if it was because we were busy with the kids or if they really just didn't have much going on. We did go snorkling one morning $27 pp. It was worth the trip. Book it through the hut on the beach and avoid the counter in the lobby where someone was offering us the same excursion for triple the price.Entertainmnet: The shows were not that exciting. This is an area that could use improvement.Overall, we had a great time. I speak spanish therefore communicating wasn't a problem. However, I found that many of the staff members spoke english. I would highly recommend staying at the R.S.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Linthicums
<Content>We Had a BLAST!!!!! Can't Wait To Return!       Evan - ready for another dip...  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>poppy1239
<Content>utterly fantastic!!! My family and I (husband and 8 year old son) returned from our best holiday ever a week ago and after reading so many negative reviews on this site before we went i knew i had to write one that balanced them out.This hotel is big but not as huge as some people made out, when we arrived we expected to see some sprawling metropolis but that is not the case, yes it is big most of that is due to the amount of accomadation they offer however because the resort is split into two sections tropical and caribe you do not need to go everywhere in the resort in order to enjoy the facilities as each side had a pool, etc. We stayed royal service as we fancied treating ourself and it was amazing, just feeling special for two weeks was great, it advertises butler service with these rooms but after the first day we did not see ours. Not complaining about this because did not really know what he was supposed to do other than offer to run a scented bath we were not really aware how to 'use' him. If you are RS when you arrive you go to the special VIP checkin, (however the main checkin was quiet but we did arrive later about 5pm and when we walked through lobby another day at 2pm it was busier - but it is holiday time) When we were taken to our room in golf buggy thing and our butler opened the door we were amazed it was a lovely lovely room, lots of marble and wood very nice mini bar alcoholic and soft drinks and juice for kids. Balcony looked out at gardens which were lovely. Initial impressions were good!!Over the course of the two weeks we ate at 4 different restaurants other than that we are at the Gabi, it suited us not bothering with reservations and the menu is varied so enough to keep you going. At the Gabi our son mainly ate at the buffett as it offered pasta etc but we stuck to the menu for dinner and the food is fantastic. We have been on many all inclusive holidays and the a la carte dining it great as it stops you stuffing your face at the buffett every night. Other restaurants we are at were:mexican - i did not enjoy this thought waiters were bit slow and not very friendly. food was okay but i did not like mine much.Japansese - neither myself or my family enjoyed this we went as supposed to be an experience but if the food is not up to much tnen no pointxperiencing it. Bascially you sit around a hot plate with 8 other people. (if you enjoy meeting new people and chatting then great but with 8 year old to amuse not easy as was so wuiet felt could not talk) Food choice was limited as was cooked in front of you, it tasted like chinese i cook nothing special.American Diner - we all loved this the music was great, the service was awesome, out waiter continually filled up our onion ring pole when we finished it and the food was really really good, esp the steak,Chinese - we went here on out second to last night and it was amazing. Everything about this place is great, the setting in lovely, all high ceilings and drapes and the food is the best chinese i have tasted - would highly recommend it we wished we had discovered it sooner as would have def gone again.Reservations were a but annoying when you ring few times bookings we thought we made hadnot been. Being RS we found going to VIP receoption and making them face to face was easiest once we missed a reservation we made as trip returned later then expected and we were able to get a new place. RS reception were great all in all for sorting things out and the lounge was a great (air conditioned) place to chill out. They have canapes in the afternoon and tea coffee available all day, as well as that they have big comfy sofas and tele and internet access. Of all the times we went the tele was free so out son watched cartoons ot played on internet while we would sit. All in same place so not leaving him or anything. The swimming pool in RS was amazing as were all the pools, swim up bars were great but felt they should have had someone serving there all the time as ended up waitng around as queue built up but was not hours just minutes just being bit fussy. We went to the beach a couple of times but got bitten by sand bugs so did not bother and i did not like the stuff fleating in the sea. ( was not bad i am just bit pathetic when it comes to things like that) Only thing that we really really hated during our two weeks was a trip we signed up for to Samoa Island.. Our tour rep gave a talk about it and we though sounds good but it was possibly the worst day ever, Maybe we did not listen very well but really do not think it was fairly advertised.Bearing in mind we were staying at this amazing all inclusive hotel, we left the hotel for the trip at seven in the morning for a two hour dive to the port then a 2 hour sailing to the island. The sailing was awful they crammed about 70 people on this catermeran and had the music so loud it was distorted,plus the only drinks offered were coke, which was warn, rum or beer, luckily we had the foresight to take a bottle of juice with us or our son would have had nothing all day. The island when we arrived was far from the secluded island we had expected it was jam packed with tourists and eating areas repeated all up the coast line. When we got in the water for a swim it felt like swimming in a sardine can, add to the that the speed boats petrol etc and it was majorily unpleasant. We were there three hours aswell which was far too long. This is where we had the beach BBQ - not as wild as it may sound they were in built in huts and there were hundreds of people queuing to eat. There was salad spag bol and meat from bbq and some fruit. THIS WAS ALL WE HAD TO EAT ALL DAY! and this i though was terrible seeing as we were out from 7 till 7:15. What was done was two stops to gift shops in the way there and back where you could purchase stuff. One of the other annoying things about this trip and it happened on one other we went on too, was the 'paparazzi' we picked up a man on the way there who we were told would be filming us all day. Literally this man shouted and shreamed through the whole day catching peoples attention and shoving the camera in your face (honestly) at one point i was putting cream on my son and he was there inches from me filming. I think after several rude stares he got the message. Not saying the man himself was horrible but what a job, the purpose of this is so that at the end you will buy the DVD of your day. Just ittitated me in the end i wanted to push him off the boat. I do not go away on holiday for that kind of intrusive and consistent annoyance.Our main time was spent lying round on the beds on the outside of the RS pool, get up early to avoid missing out. It was ideal for kids as provided shade and comfort, they were king sixe beds. We read, played games and just chilled out there, plus it was a nice base if you want to spend all day by the pool What irritated me was that someone people reserved them then did not turn up till late afternooon and i thought this was unfair meant they were out of use all day. It does say by each one that you can not reserve then longer than an hour or your stuff will be removed but this never happened. We would have lunch here from the Gabi beach grill, best food there ever steak sandwiches, nachos, hot dogs, paella all lovely.Overall this hotel was fantastic we would not have wished for a better holiday, however having been to Barbados twice and St Lucia DOM REP is not someone i would go again. I feel that they are too interested in pumping tourists for more and more money once there. I appreciate it is a poor country but this is just annoying and they seem to spoil the natural beauty spots in order to again pump as much money as they can which is a real shame as it is a lovely place. This was a great holiday because of the hotel, would recommend the hotel chain and would use them again in a different place.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anyonebut
<Content>Please Don't Go!! Call Your Travel Agent Immediately!! First of all I鈥檝e stayed in many DR resorts (Riu Palace, Caribe Club Princess twice, Palladium Bavaro twice, Sunscape Punta Cana Grande, IFA Villas Bavaro etc. I even stayed the week before at a wonderful 4 star resort in Mexico before traveling to the DR. My resort choices over the years range in their ratings from 3 stars to 6 stars. I have also visited all-inclusives all over the Caribbean. I鈥檝e been faithful to Apple Vacations because their Apple ratings are usually accurate and our experiences in the resorts have been relatively flawless and enjoyable. Something usually isn鈥檛 perfect but we take the bad and are able to make the best of it in most cases. I always write a review and this review will be the first negative trip review for me. I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical several years ago and had a pretty flawless stay. I hated the beach restaurants at that time but was able to find great buffets and restaurants in other areas of the resorts. I also read the other reviews regarding this resort on Tripadvisor and chalked poor reviews up to picky patrons who couldn鈥檛 be satisfied anywhere. Please reread those negative reviews. I was wrong. If you have not taken your vacation yet, please call your travel agent right away!! and change resorts. We traveled to this alleged five star resort on July 6, 2007. The Good1. Check In- Surprisingly and contrary to other reviews, they allowed us to check in early right upon arrival. 2. Resort Appearance- The resort looks great in pictures and in person. The greenery, buildings, lobby and beach are still great to look at. Now for the Very Bad 1. Extremely aggressive timeshare people in yellow shirts harass you in the lobby on the train, in the restaurants, on the beach. They are everywhere and are a nuisance from the moment that you walk through the lobby. We hated them and the last thing we wanted to do was buy a timeshare in that awful resort. 2. The Room-The Jr. Suite that we received looked nothing like the internet pics and did not resemble the nicer room that I had last time. I did see rooms like I had before but we weren鈥檛 placed in one for some reason. The furniture was somewhat worn and had a butlers pantry instead of a seating area. I noticed little black bugs on the counters and in the bathroom but I attributed them to the fresh flowers and threw them out. We were never able to get rid of the bugs during our stay. They resembled ants but were smaller. 3. Lack of Food -They tell you to call the reservation hotline to reserve ala carte restaurants for the current day and the following day. They forgot to say that no one ever answers that hotline. It rings repeatedly, stays busy or when they do answer, they say 鈥淲e are all booked up.鈥?鈥淧lease call back later to check for cancellations or book for the next day.鈥?After calling many times, we were unable to book a restaurant for our arrival day or the next day. We gave up and went to the beach. We tried the beach grill but there were few choices and lots of greasy snack bar foods. Plain pans of rice with a few carrots. Plain pans of fish, chicken or pork. Desserts were limited out there and it was hot in that beach grill. The tables have no linen table cloths and your dishes will pile up because service is poor to non-existent in there. I mistakenly reassured my husband that they had other restaurants that I enjoyed last time. In the morning, they didn鈥檛 even have pans of scrambled eggs, pancakes or waffles. Isn鈥檛 that standard?. The omelet line is so long in the morning, you wouldn鈥檛 want an egg. 4. Poor Service- After spending a pretty great first day on the beach, we returned to our room only to find that we had no water coming into the bathtub/shower. We called the desk for assistance but no one came after waiting for about 1 hour. Still no answer on that reservation hotline either. We took off in search of restaurants. We saw beautiful ala cartes with well dressed people who seemed satisfied but we found no buffets. We saw signs for the buffets and looked on our resort map but still found no buffets. Finally we were informed that they have torn all of the buffet restaurants down and we discovered lots of construction. Finally we went to the front desk to again complain about the water/food issues. We were tired, dirty and simply needed food. Surely they could have secured a restaurant reservation for us. Those restaurants weren't full. We were simply given the hotline number again and were told that the buffets from the past no longer existed. The signs were wrong. To make matters worse I detected an attitude from the lady at the front desk instead of sympathy. The only place to eat is that awful, hot beach grill if you are unable to secure a reservation. That grill would be used for all meals. Having no choice, we walked back to the beach grill to head off starvation. 5. The room shower was repaired finally but still had very little water pressure. The next morning I tried the restaurant hotline again and managed to get a voice. Everything was booked for our second day already. It was only 9:05 AM! The thought of another day in that beach grill sickened me. We were able to book a reservation for the Japanese restaurant on the third day, however, we were told that we would have to stop what were doing in the middle of the day and pick up a ticket at the restaurant or we would not be admitted. We were also told that we could call back to check on restaurant cancellations after 2:30 p.m. 6. We then noticed water all over the floor of the bathroom on the second day. The toilet had suddenly sprung a leak. I was also beginning to experience flu/viral symptoms that would plague me for the remainder of the week. I could have contracted the illness on the plane but you never know. I was able to live with the symptoms all week but it definitely put a damper on some activities. 7. Spending the vacation on the phone dialing a hotline morning, afternoon and night and walking to various restaurants to pick up tickets was not how I planned to spend my week. I also refused to watch hundreds of people enjoying the very upscale ala cartes while I stayed in the beach grill. I lost all sense of calm and headed to the lobby to find the Apple Vacations rep who normally is stationed in the lobby of the hotel. We found that he would be off for a couple of days. I then went to guest services and requested that Apple Vacations be called. They finally assisted me by making this call. A rep arrived 20 minutes later and we pleaded with him to be moved from that property. Thank goodness, we were sent to the lovely Palladium Grand Bavaro resort. We had to pay an extra $67 and cab fare to move and make the accommodations equal but it was worth it. The nightmare of the Melia Caribe Tropical was completely forgotten when we were able to actually enjoy a great beach, hotel room and eat wonderful foods including normal breakfast choices, chilled wines, salmon, caviar and sushi in a variety of super air conditioned restaurants at the beautiful Palladium for the remainder of our vacation. What a 360 degree turn! I dealt with the illness and still am thankful that we were able to turn this vacation around with a resort move.  Other Very Bad Things1 - The resort was huge which requires the use of trams for the patrons. The Melia also allows numerous employees to ride through the resorts on trucks, motor bikes, golf carts etc. I grew weary of constantly stepping aside for the excessive traffic that existed. Our other resort was equally as large and did not allow all of that traffic. 2. Hotel patrons who have purchased the Royal Service option have a lock on the restaurant reservations. They even have butlers who make their reservations, special restaurants, VIP clubs and private beach. Hotel literature clearly indicates that Royal Service patrons have preferential treatment and are given restaurant reservations first. We assumed that these guests were the happy, well dressed patrons who were actually able to enjoy the resort. The Melia has completely forgotten its average client who would not pay or be able to afford additional hundreds for Royal Service. I will never deal with a resort who provides services based upon class and status. While they strive to be six star with rich amenities, we can remember 3 star resorts that outperformed this place in all areas. We give the Melia no stars for our stay. I will return to the Dominican Republic next year but I will never stay in a Melia Resort again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>bigdogdw
<Content>GOING BACK       and they eat out of your hand  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jyktex
<Content>Wonderful Vacation I found TripAdvisor so helpful that I wanted to return the favor and write a review even though much of what I will say is repetitive. Primarily I wanted to assure everyone that my family's experience was great and that we thoroughly enjoyed our time at the Melia Caribe Tropical. I, too, read the reviews and was really nervous but we had a great experience. Part of the benefit of TripAdvisor was going in with our eyes open as to the problems, how to get around them, etc. So we knew what to expect. The positives - beautiful grounds, friendly staff, overall good food although the beach buffets lose their appeal after the first day or two - food sitting out in the hot weather, flies, etc. The pools were also excellent. Even though we were closer to the Caribe pool we enjoyed the Tropical more. The kids club was good and my 5 year old enjoyed himself enough to go 2 days. Even though my son does not speak spanish, the staff spoke decent english and I found that kids in his age group find ways to communicate regardless of language. SUrprisingly, we also had decent luck with the bugs. I usually am the one who gets eaten alive when no one else does but I got bit only once and my son and husband didn't appear to be bitten at all.Many of the negatives that people have pointed out are true - reservations are a pain although my family (only 3 of us and that makes a difference) walked up to at least 2 of the restaurants and were allowed to eat there without a prior reservation. People cancel and it helps to just go with the flow. We did not, however, succeed in getting in to the Japanese restaurant. The facility is huge but I didn't find this to be a negative. The train service was never a big delay and even when you did wait, you could usually convince someone in a bus or golf cart to take you where you wanted to go. We did have problems with our plumbing that I suspect come from water pressure when everyone is using the shower at the same time of day - i.e., around 5-7 when people are getting ready for dinner. WE also had a few bugs but honestly it's the carribean. ALso, there is seaweed on the beach but it's not the long, tentacle-like kind but the short, stick-like variety. This didn't prove to be a problem for us or our 5 year old.Advice - Bring about $150 in ones (we were there for a week), check out alternatives to the buffet ( a new one opened our last day there that was located where the a la carte restaurants were located and it didn't require reservations - open for breakfast and dinner) and bring an open mind and a relaxing attitude.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bes55
<Content>It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't good either Just got back from a 7 night stay at Melia Caribe Tropical (Punta Cana) with my family.Half of the service staff was very friendly and helpful, the other half was outright annoyed that we bothered them.The place is just a bit confusing to get around - and their map didn't really help.To begin with, we were given a room with wrong number of beds, and then we had to explain 5 times why we needed a different room.I don't know why everyone was raving about the food - maybe my family and I are too picky, but it was NOT good. The only a la cart restaurant that was half-way decent was the American grill. Everyone was trying to make reservation to the Japanese restaurant - it was really bad, with a wait of over an hour after the reservation time, stale sushi, brown lettuce in the salad and overcooked, over salted rice, meat and seafood.There's construction going on in certain places (like one of the buffet halls) which is by their own brochure is supposed to be open until 10:30 - but nobody mentioned this.On our way out, just in case we called hour and a half before leaving to get our luggage, in the end both we and our Apple transfer rep had to ask 3 more times to get it to the lobby - in the end we left about 20 minutes after our departure time.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>mmvacationer
<Content>Depressed in NJ, having Punta Cana withdrawal Just got back from 8 wonderful days with my 2 teenagers and husband. Check in was a little slow, and it's like let's make a deal with the room you get. We requested to be near the pool and beach and were granted that after about 20 minutes of going back and forth between the check in person and the manager. The grounds are beautifully manicured with gorgeous tropical plants. Peacocks and flamingos roam free and eat out of your hand. The pool was great and the beach was too. Every morning the workers rake up all the seaweed off of the beach. We did not have a problem getting into the ala carte restaurants. We actually got into all of them except the Japanese one. The buffet was a good alternative. They are very adament about the closed toes shoes for men. We saw 3 men sent away because they had sandals on. It would be nice if they had more activites during the day and evening for teenagers. They have a club, but if you don't like to dance or drink there isn't much more for them to do. We did take 2 excursions off the resort. One was to Catalina Island for snorkeling. Great time, but long day. 7am to 7pm. The second trip was horseback riding. I would highly recommend it. You can sign up for this tour at the towel hut right by the pool. I had the best massage at the Spa. I paid for 30 minutes and it lasted well over that. No one is in a rush in Punta Cana. 10 minutes our time is like 30 minutes their time. All of the employees were helpful and cheerful. We especially liked Frances from Scuba Caribe. If you get the chance take the catamaran out. It is so relaxing. and free! You will feel like a sailor and see the coastline from the water. It is a beautiful sight. The drinks at the lobby bars are much better than the pool bar. Be careful with the hotel keys. They look like credit cards and deactivate easily. We had ours next to our camera or a credit card and when we went to use it, it would not open the door. This happened twice. The walk way around the pool is very slippery. Be careful or wear shoes. If you are going in the summer, you will definitely need to get one of the umbrellas to sit under. It is like a 15 degree difference under them. No kidding! Use 30SPF or higher. The sun is brutal.I will be honest. The first day I was very discouraged at how large the resort was. We had to refer to our map just to find our way to the lobby. You can walk faster from point a to b instead of waiting for the train. By the second day we were navigating around without the map and really enjoyed being there. If you don't want to harassed to buy something, don't go to the flea market down the beach. They come at you from all directions begging you to buy something. If you do, bargain, bargain, bargain. I got some jewelry that started out at $90.00 for $30, and I probably still paid too much.Overall we had a great vacation and are already talking about where we will go next.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grouptravelpro
<Content>Beautiful grounds and beach but....... Just returned from a 7 night stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical with my family of 4 and extended family and friends for a total of 21 people. Trip was great but with a few problems.First-check in was not a problem-breezed through within 1/2 hour and were served cool drinks while waiting for the rest of our party to finish. Luggage was delivered promptly to our room but upon arrival we discovered that in order to get the power on in the room you need to insert a room card into the slot-ask for an extra one upon arrival so that you can leave it in while out of the room as it also controlled my A/C. My friends and sister did not have this problem but just to be sure get an extra one just in case.Second-the beach is beautiful and although there is sea-grass floating it is raked daily. There are plenty of grass huts to lay under-try to get one as the sun is strong.The pool area is well-maintained but guests do tend to litter their cups and straws. Also we saw several babies in diapers and some naked in the pool which led to us seeing some excrement in the pool. The staff does come around and clean up the pool all day long and we did notice that it seemed well chlorinated in the evening.Third-dinner reservations are really a pain and require some creative planning-we actually had to call home to ask our travel agent to book some for us because it was impossible unless we wanted to eat at 9:45 each night if we were lucky enough to even get into a restaurant. I realize that booking for 21 people may seem difficult but when we noticed the many empty tables where we did eat it made me wonder. We did run into a Vacation Club member who told us that there are tables held for Royal Service guests and Vacation Club members and if they do not cancel the tables go unused and others cannot get in. There is construction ongoing in the Tropical lobby area and one evening while dining in the International restaurant the A/C went out and it was about 100 degrees inside and we did not even have our dinner yet. We finally got our dinner at 11:45 pm after listening to the dinner cleanup in the kitchen and finding out that several guests took their meals into the adjoing Thai restaurant. This was not offered to us and we would have left but by that time the buffet was closed and we would not have been able to eat.I know this seems like a long review but I wanted my fellows travelers to be aware of the potential problems.All in all the good outweighed the bad but I would suggest if possible to try the Royal Service-they seemed to have perfected that service.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>BrianneandMaze
<Content>A fantastic vacation!!! Would definately recommend to others My boyfriend and I stayed at the Melia Caribe from July 29 - August 5/07. We absolutely LOVED the vacation! We booked our trip last minute (less than two weeks before we were leaving) through a travel agent and read a number of the reviews posted on this website before we left. We were a bit worried about some of the negative comments made...however, none of them were true!We arrived at the Dominican airport and moved quickly through customs and to get our luggage. We then took a bus from the airport directly to our resort. There was a tour guide on the bus who taught the group some necessary words to know in Spanish such as washroom and beer. Check in was quick - we waited no more than 10 minutes in line and they quickly got us our swipe cards and towel cards. We took the train to our Villa (#34) and our luggage arrived minutes later. Our room was beautiful. A king sized bed, sitting area, tv, patio door with a deck, and a nice bathroom. The A/C worked perfectly and it was always cold in our room. Our room was cleaned each day and we always had fresh towels upon return from a day at the beach/pool.The beach was beautiful as well. Clean white sand and clear water. The water had small twigs floating in it most days, however no seaweed. We swam in it every day. It was difficult to get a chair under a hut on the beach, however, there were always chairs in the shade under trees...finding a place to sit, whether sun or shade, was never a problem.The pool was amazing! Always clean and not too busy. It was more difficult to get a spot in the shade at the pool...the huts were taken very early in the morning, however, there were many chairs in shade and in the sun available no matter what time of day. The swim up bar was amazing - they make the best mudslide! Drinks are strong - a lot of alcohol, but still tasty. The bartenders were friendly and prompt with making drinks.The buffet (breakfast and lunch) was great - huge selection of food...the omlettes were outstanding. At lunch, a chef would make a large pan of rice mixed with seafood...definately try this - it was fantastic!! The restaurants were also great. Our second day there, they made changes to the reservation system that so many reviews complained about. The reservation system was open daily from 9am to 9pm and reservations could be made for that day and/or the following day. We did have to wait on hold several times, however, not for long. We really enjoyed the Capri, Pagoda, the American Grill, and the Hokkaido restaurants. We also ate at Ma Maison, which we did not enjoy as much. There is a dress code for the A la Carte restaurants that was enforced while we were there. Men must wear closed toed shoes and long pants. We did see several men eating that were wearing cargo shorts, however, long pants were suggested. Women do not have a dress code.The resort is beautifully landscaped , immaculate, and large. The size of the resort was never a concern. We didn't have to walk more than 15 min to get to a restaurant or to the lobby. A train went by every 15 min or so and you could get a ride to where you wanted to go. We saw no bugs, only small lizards which are more scared of you then you might be of them. Also, there are many birds roaming the grounds...peacocks being the most prominent. We also saw parrots, a cat, and flamingos.The employees of this resort were fantastic! Not one employee passed without saying Hola! and a smile. They worked hard to ensure the guests were happy. Tips were appreciated by the employees - be sure to bring a lot of $1 US bills to tip those employees that work hard to make your trip enjoyable. They really appreciate the tips. We also brought toilettries and small dollar store gifts to tip the maid with each day before we left for the beach.The gift shop was nice, however, the clothing is expensive. They have a lot of nice jewellery, rum, gifts, and souvenirs. It was cheaper to buy rum and jewellery at the gift shop than at the Duty Free store at the Dominican Airport. There are vendors that come weekly and set up their displays on the resort property. You can haggle with them to pay a cheaper amount. Do not accept their first offer. Finally, the Sol Melia/Time Share employees were persistent and obnoxious. They want to sell you time shares into the Sol Melia hotel/resort chain and will try to do so by getting you to agree to go on a tour of the Royal Service and a presentation on it while you eat breakfast or lunch with them. Do not agree to this if you aren't interested - they will continuously ask you each time you pass one of their employees. A firm no thanks worked well for us and they didn't bother us again. Overall, this was a fantastic vacation. Neither of us had ever travelled to the Dominican, but would honestly say we will be returning to this resort hopefully in the near future. Definatley the best vacation we have ever been on!! Trust us - you will love it! :)  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wonder369
<Content>Better than I thought I booked my trip, then read many reviews and got a bit worried,but it was better than I thought. Many things were true, check-in very slow, The lobby was pretty, but very warm, Dinner reservations were annoying to get. We ate at every resturant we wanted to, including Japanese, but someone needed to be on the phone at 9:00, it took us anywhere between 5-40 minutes for someone to answer the phone. We waited by the lobby phone at 8:45 and I got an answer I handed to the phone to the next person in line. It was annoying to spend so much time on the phone, but we met many nice people in the same situation. Our room was OK, we did get clean towels and water and soda. I left the maid $1 and a little gift (perfume, lipstick) every day. The room did smell musty,I brought an air fresher from home. The AC was very weak, and I felt the floor was dirty. I was happy NOT to find any bugs!The beach was BEAUTIFUL, a few twigs, but not a bother. The Dominican people were nice, we did tip alot, because we wanted to tip. Did not really have a language problem, took along a Spanish dictionary, but never used it.THe grounds were pretty and well kept. The food was better than I imaged. We ate breakfast indoors, which we liked, not as warm, no bugs, less crowded, you get seated. All resturants were good, American grill, French, International. I didn't care for the Capri, thought it smelled fishy and food tasted fishy. Japanese was nice, you eat with 12 at a table, and it was nice to talk to other people. Fried ice cream was great! ENtertainment was bad, it was outdoors and hot. It reminded of a child's dance recital. On a whole we had a great time,it does take a day or two to get used to the place, taking the train and finding where everything is located. We avoided the time share people, but we spoke to people who took the tour and yes, it was a lot longer than promised and they were pushy, but you did get a gift. Finally, We were 6 people and no one got sick!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	2	3	1	4	-1	

<Author>scaldar
<Content>Very Good Time at the Melia Staying here for 10 days in August 2006. We booked a Royal Service room. Rooms was very clean and spacious. Service in the Royal Service area was good and worht the extra money. Royal service pool area was great. In other pools it was very crowded. Royal service resturant was great because you didn't ever need to make reservations. Any other resturants you always had to make reservations and the two times we tried, times and space were limited and we really didn't want to have to plan a full day in advance where and what we wanted to eat and have to call to book our reservation. All the food we ate tasted good but my wife and I did get a little sick. We don't get sick easy, never have got sick before in Mexico or anywhere else so I don't know what got us sick. I think the Royal Service really made this a good trip. I don't think I would have been very happy with out it.Punta Cana in general in a resort town. We hardly ever left the resort primarly because there is not much to do out of the resort. It is flat and not very pretty except for the beaches. The beaches have really white sand with warm clear water. We went parasailing and banana boat riding. Overall we have a good trip to the Melia in Punta Cana. I would recommend the Melia but probably will never come back to Punta Cana. Not enough in Punta Cana to do and see to bring me back. I like Hawaii much better.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>superyooch
<Content>Melia Caribe - The Truth!!!!! Just returned yesterday from my 5 day, 4 night stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical. I鈥檓 writing this review while everything is still fresh on my mind. I went on this vacation with 5 of my other friends (there were 2 couples in the group). This is my first all-inclusive vacation. Arrival/Departure 鈥?You actually exit the plane outside. The airport is very tropical and looks like one huge hut. Customs and baggage claim was not an issue. You do pay $10.00 in taxes upon arrival. The cab ride was about 20 minutes and we paid $30.00 for the 6 of us in one minivan. Departure took longer than expected. Security had to hand-inspected everyone鈥檚 luggage which resulted in long lines for check in. After we picked up our boarding passes, we still had to wait on line for customs and another bag check. Right before boarding the plane, there was another random check of carry on luggage. Keep in mind that the waiting in line is done at an airport with no air conditioning except after you clear customs. This is one part of Punta Cana I will not miss.Check in 鈥?I have to agree with most of the reviews that the check in at the resort is very slow. The reception is outdoors so it was also very hot. Luckily, there was a waitress who was able to take our drink orders. That was a nice accommodation. Upon checking in, they will give you a map of the hotel and explain to you how the a la carte dining works. You will also get a wrist band that you will have to wear for the rest of your stay. We arrived at the resort around 2:00 and 2 of the 3 rooms were ready. Official check in time is 4:00. They were able to accommodate us in getting all 3 of our rooms in the same villa. Rooms 鈥?All of our rooms were in Villa 40. I stayed in Room 4008 with double beds and considered a junior suite. All the rooms in that villa had balconies. The room was nicer than I expected. It鈥檚 decorated in orange and white linens and window treatments. There was a couch in the 鈥渓iving room鈥?section and the room was fairly large for a hotel room. There is some wear and tear but I think that just comes with aging of the hotel. There is a mini-bar that is stocked with sodas and bottled water. The bathroom has the basic amenities. There is even a bidet. The shower is the one thing I鈥檇 have to complain about. The water pressure is very low and the water never gets hot. A couple we were traveling with who stayed in Room 4006 actually had a mosquito problem in their shower. They requested a room change and were moved to a different villa with no problem at all. Villa 40 is near a construction site and if you are a light sleeper, you might be woken up on it. We used the safe to store our valuables. It costs $2/night. A small price to pay for a sense of security.Grounds 鈥?The grounds are beautifully kept. There are tons of palm trees, shrubs and flowers all over. There are also peacocks that roam around. They鈥檙e pretty and add a whimsical touch to the resort. The resort is very clean and there are huge maps everywhere. The lobbies are decorated nicely and very tropical. There is also a tram that makes several stops within the resort as the resort is very big. It was about a 10 minute walk from our villa to the beach/pool. It wasn鈥檛 bad but if you cannot stand the heat, you might want to ask for a room closer to the beach/pool. The one complaint I have about the resort is that the cobblestone pathways are VERY SLIPPERY. There are signs everywhere that warn you, but if you wear thong slippers like most vacationers do, beware. Aqua shoes might be the way to go. The same cobblestones are used at the pool and of course I almost slipped a dozen times walking around. I can鈥檛 even imagine walking around the resorts after a thunderstorm. Service 鈥?The service here is really good. Everyone is friendly and hospitable. We tipped constantly and they do remember who you are. Our rooms were cleaned everyday; however, new towels were not given to us everyday. We had to call housekeeping twice to ask them to bring new towels. This was strange to us, but not a big deal.Pool/Beach 鈥?We spent most of our stay at the pool since the beach did not have a bar or waiters taking orders for drinks. You鈥檇 have to get to the beach at a reasonable hour to get a hut and beach chairs. The beach is pretty big with some souvenir shops and a place to book water sports on one side. There are 2 buffets by the beach/pool. We went to both and they served the same type of foods. One, however, had indoor and outdoor seating whereas the other just had outdoor seating. The beach was very nice; water was very warm and calm. There were some water plants that washed up on the shore but it was tolerable. I was expecting it to be cleaned but it never was during our stay there. The water has the same 鈥渄ebris鈥?floating in it. The sand is very fine, one of the nicest sands I have seen. The water is nice, similar to other Caribbean Islands I would say, but nothing extraordinary. As for water sports, one of the couples I traveled with went parasailing. It was $75 for two people, for about 20 minutes. Three of us went on what they called a 鈥淔ly Boat鈥? It was basically a hang glider with a motor attached to it on top of a raft. This only seats one person since there is a pilot that will fly you around. It costs $60 for 15 minutes. I really liked this because it was unlike anything I have ever seen before. You really get a panoramic view of the ocean and of the island. They list the price of this as $70 but we haggled and got the price of $60. The pool is very clean, surprisingly, even by the swim up bar area. There are 2 platforms in the pool where you can lay and tan on. I loved it since you can never get too hot laying on the platforms since your back will still be in water. Restaurants 鈥?After reading many reviews about the reservation process, we were a bit nervous that we weren鈥檛 able to dine at any of the a la carte restaurants. We called at 9:00 pm every night to make reservations for the next day. We were fortunate enough to eat at one of the restaurants every night we were there. Do not get discouraged if you keep getting a busy signal, just keep trying. It鈥檚 similar to trying to purchase concert tickets. We tried the Japanese, Mexican, French and the Seafood restaurant. I liked the Mexican and Japanese the best. We had our own private room during Japanese for hibachi. The food was delicious and comparable to some of the restaurants I have tried in New York City. Mexican was also very good. The atmosphere was fun and this was the one restaurant where they had a dessert buffet. They even had a group of singers come in and serenade the patrons. All the restaurants had many choices on the menu, with French and Japanese having the least. For the most part, you were able to choose one appetizer, one soup, one entr茅e and one dessert. All the restaurants were very nicely decorated and had great ambiance. I was very surprised that the restaurants were so nice for an All Inclusive. Breakfast buffet was also very delicious. We ate at La Hacienda for breakfast every morning because it was close to our room and delicious. For lunch, we ate at the buffets by the beach and pool. The best pina coladas are made in the lounge area right outside of La Hacienda. I think it鈥檚 because the machine is out of the sun so the drink is not as watery as some of the others from other bars. Entertainment/Nightlife 鈥?The resort is pretty quiet with Friday and Saturday being the busiest. The lounge right outside the restaurant has a deejay that plays trance/house music around 11:30 pm. It gets pretty packed with people dancing and the staff is in masquerade costumes. On Saturday night, there is a Cirque Du Soleil-ish type of show in the stage area. It鈥檚 very entertaining. Every night, there is a band in the Caribe Lobby, people do salsa and dance there. There is also a night club called the Fun Pub, I鈥檓 not sure what the minimum age there, but I saw some kids that looked 16 years old there. We went there 3 times. The first time, the deejay played reggaeton and hip hop. The last 2 times, the deejay played all Spanish music. The casino was always crowded. It had a roulette table, a dozen slot machines and 2 black jack tables. For the most part, there is no exciting night life at the resort. We passed by a rock climbing wall and an area with obstacle courses, but I think those were more for the children.Spa 鈥?The spa was very nice and relaxing. It was my very first massage and I enjoyed it. I paid $40 for a 25 minute massage and $95 for a body scrub. Very well worth it. There are 2 Jacuzzis you can use and they also were very nice. A sauna was also available. You can get outdoor massages by the pool as well but none of us did. All in all, I enjoyed my stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical. I will say that I will never return to Punta Cana. Not because I had a bad experience but because an all inclusive trip is just not my ideal vacation. I like to walk around and experience the local towns and restaurants. Staying at an all inclusive resort does not really allow you to do that. I didn鈥檛 do any excursions and basically relaxed everyday. This resort is perfect if you just want to eat, sleep, drink and swim. It鈥檚 something I would recommend for couples and families if you want a relaxing vacation. With that said, I鈥檓 glad my first all inclusive was with Melia. It definitely exceeded my expectations.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>greasehockey
<Content>Whats the problem ? We recently returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical. We stayed at the Tropical side close to the beach. As many other readers have mentioned we were concerned about some of the negative reviews. I have one question, what is the problem ?The resort itself was the most beautiful we have ever travelled. We were pleasantly surprised at how beautiful this place was.The size has its advantages: You can take a train, jump into a golf cart or walk. The longest walk from our building # 4 to the Caribe Lobby was 15 mins. Once you know the lay of the land a walk between the two pools and buffet restaurants was no more then 5 mins.The beach was well kept, busy and you need to get a hut early. There was always room around the pools. We spent more time in the Caribe pool.As for the kids, we travelled with a 10 and 8 yr. old. Both went to the Cool Club and enjoyed the tree obstacle course ( Roca Adventure ).Food was good, book your a la carte restaurants with your travel rep ! We went with Sunquest, asked Boris for a restaurant, he took care of it in minutes. Save the phone frustration.Book outside excursions with your travel rep. If anything goes wrong they will take care of you. A concern we had was booking through Hotels.bed and when we had a bad experience it was an endless battle for satisfication. Be leary if the Jurassic Park Buggies ! Take the Festival Cruise. 1/2 day snorkling and pary boat, alot of fun.If service for a drink is slow in the buffet restaurant, it will take all but two minutes to get your own drink at the bar.Anyhow we really enjoyed the Melia experience, there was lots to do and we had a great time.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>NewPrincess
<Content>Beautiful Beach very nice resort       Beautiful Beach  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>JoshNJennasMom
<Content>Wonderful family vacation       Comfy beds by the Gabi pool  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Member99
<Content>Ideal Honeymoon       By the Beach  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>parrothead91
<Content>Great with Kids Recently returned from the Melia Caribe. I traveled with 3 kids ages 6,6, and 3. This place was great for a family of 5 because we all were allowed to stay in the same room. Most other places we looked at only allowed 4. Found this on Vacationkids.com who listed hotels that accept families of 5. I read several reviews saying that check in took forever but I had absolutly no problem. If you have kids I would recommend staying in building 2. 20 feet from the main pool, close to the beach and the buffet restaurant for breakfast and lunch. I had low expectaions of the food going in but it actually was very very good. Breakfast at the Mexican restaurant was very good and it was nice to be in the air conditioning for a while. The grounds were perfectly manicured. They had a rock climbing wall and zip lines for the kids in the palm trees. The beach was one of the nicest beaches I have ever seen (including Hawaii). We had no problem getting a tiki umbrella on the beach if you put your towells down by 9. The best advice I can give anyone is to make dinner reservations the night before. You can start calling at 9pm and I had no trouble getting into any of the restaurants because I called by 10pm. They had a flinstone kids show where all the kids are invited on stage dance with the charachters. They had volleyball on the beach as well as hosted beach activites such as darts competition and dancing lessons in the sand. It was very hot and humid but we spent all day at the beach and pool so it did not really matter. The restaurants are by the main lobby so we needed to take the tram there. Not that convenient but it was only once per day and the kids enjoyed the ride. Hot waiting. You will see golf carts flying around and everytime I flagged one down they took me wherever I needed to go. Overall, I think this resort exceeded the expectations set by Suzie Sturm, my travel agent,and I would recommend this resort especially if you are traveling with children.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leener25
<Content>Great but not perfect My boyfriend and I were looking to book a long weekend (Thursday-Monday) at a tropical, all-inclusive resort. We're in our mid-twenties and neither of us have overflowing bank accounts, so price was a big factor. Both of us had heard good things about Punta Cana and once we saw the price was reasonable (through Orbitz) we decided to go there.Melia Caribe Tropical had great pictures online, and I have to say the resort really lived up to the pictures. The place is beautiful and nicely laid out. The bedroom was surprisingly large, and it was very clean. However, we did encounter some problems. When we arrived at the resort, we had to wait over an hour to check in - the people ahead of us in line ended up waiting close to 2 hours! When it was finally our turn, it took about 15 minutes to officially check in and get our room keys. Maybe it's an American thing, but there was just no sense of urgency to get people through the line and checked in. Many of us were frustrated.I know very limited Spanish - my boyfriend doesn't know any - so at times there was a language barrier. But the staff was always friendly and willing to help, even if they didn't really understand what you were saying.Making reservations for dinner at night was a little difficult. Sometimes the phone rang unanswered for minutes, so I'd hang up and call back and after a couple more minutes someone would finally answer. From what I was told by other people vacationing there, the resort doesn't like to overwhelm their staff so the restaurants are never very full. The buffets for breakfast and lunch were pretty good - no complaints there, although I would recommend going at a time when the place is not packed with people - otherwise it is very hard to find a seat/table.All in all, for what my boyfriend and I wanted in a vacation, Melia Caribe was pretty great. It wasn't perfect - but few vacations are.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	1	4	3	

<Author>RafyPuertoRico
<Content>We have been in better places in Punta Cana We just returned from our summer vacation at the Melia Caribe Tropical (July 19-23 / group of 6) and I can say that all the bad reviews in this section are true. The restaurant reservation system is a mess. You have to be creative with the hotel personnel to get what you want. The food at the night reservation restaurants is average, been the worst The Pagoda (Chinese / Thai?) The drink mixes are very poor. I think that the huge size of the hotel dilutes the general quality of service. You get less of what you have paid. What is good? The nightly show and the mamajuana. The dancers are extraordinary talented and the mamajuana (a national drink) puts you in orbit.I have been before in the Bavaro Princess and in the Iberostar where I received better personal service and have enjoyed more my vacation. I don't recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	2	2	

<Author>Leon55
<Content>Great hotel in Punta Cana The good: Food and food presentation especially at the International (surf and Turf especially) and seafood restaurants. The service....every staff member went out of their way to help us and with a smile on their face. The beach: beautiful but too slanted if you're a runner like I am....had to do the fast walk and weighted hand thing. They try to clean the beachfront of the reeds every morning before anyone goes out there. The rooms....cleaned everyday and bed made. Building 16 Tropical side was perfect for access to the beach and to both beach buffet restaurants.The Bad: The trolley transportation..Too long to wait and the night one goes everywhere but where you want to go...tipped the golf cart guys and went anywhere we wanted to go. Bring plenty of single dollars and tip these people....they deserve it and they'll treat you like royalty....Went July 7-14 and hot...hot...hot..but breezes wonderful on the beach. Tours: recommend the small speed boats to Sauna, beautiful!Recommend highly as long as you don't mind family resorts.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BullNJ
<Content>Had a great time! Me and some friends(6 total) stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical for a week in July. I found the resort to be beautiful! The check is was VERY slow, but we were okay with it since the staff was accomidating us to have rooms in good location and near each other. Never had a problem with room after that, was cleaned daily, never had the problem with towel delivery. Also never had a problem getting a spot on beach with shade, just tried to get out there by 9am everyday. Food in restaurants was good, never was able to get into japanese, they do need to upgrade the resevation system. Enjoyed the snorkeling trip and ATV trip, highly recommend the ATV trip! Pool was good, never had problem getting drink in pool, did find it odd we didn't smell chlorine! Some in my group had some stomach issues but nothing that wasn't expected. Vendors on beach will go down in price, some items i found to be a little cheaper in airport on the way home. Overall had a great time and experience at resort. Staff was amazing!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>topguntnl
<Content>Honest review I just got back from 7 days at the Melia Resort and I will give the Honest truth of my week. Let me start by saying that I have waited for my passport for 18 weeks and up until the day i left I never recieved it, so i had to go without a birth certificate. The only paper I had on me was the paper you print out from the passport agency. Thank god there were no problems traveling with this. I made it in and out without a problem.I have traveled to many Islands and I am not picky so I went into this booking on a whim and read all the reviews posted on this site. If i would have believed some of these reviews, I was almost ready to change hotels. I am so glad I didn't.Firstly, do your homework and gather up as many things possible about the resort you choose. Pictures, postings,word of mouth, and reviews but build a profile to see what is consistent good or bad.I booked from july the 14th to the 20th and stayed in the Royal Service Master suite and it was one of the best experiences on vacation that I have encountered. I would like to thank my butler Victor who went out of his way to make sure my family had eveything we needed and wanted.From the time we arrived at the resort we checked in less than 15 minutes. We recieved cool towels for our heads and mamosa's while we waited for room keys. The resort is rather large but my wife who walks with a cane walked to the beach and all over the resort without a problem. Everyone we encountered spoke enough english to answer your questions, there was never a language barrier in the hotel. We made dinner reservations every night no later than 7 pm. We always got through and never waited or had to call back. No restaurant enforced a dress code. I saw people in sandals, t shirts, open toed shoes, no collar shirts. Not a person was turned away. Some things that were a downside to the resort was that we traveled with my son who is a teenager and there really isn't alot for teens to do there. They will get bored very fast. also the soda that is served outside the restaurants wasn't really that good and the water is mineral water so I didn't really like it that much. You get better water and soda inside the a La Cartes for some reason. The buffet breakfast other than an omlettes was always cold (Pancakes,french toast) also the main lobbys where people hang out at night have no air condition so it can get sticky at night.The A La carte Restaurants were good, not great - not bad - but good.The beach was never an issue for anything. There was always chairs, huts, etc... If you are traveling with kids be aware there were many topless women on the beach, So if you don't want your children to see this then just move to another area where they are clothed.Entertainment was ok ,kind of repetitive everynight and it ended by 11 pm. The casino is small but it gives you something to do at night. The resort is beautiful landscaped and kept immaculate. There were never any bugs in the room or any rats that was posted on previous reviews. As a matter of fact I struggled to find a bug. I was quite amazed since this is a tropical island. The dominican people are extremly pleasant and greet you all the time with a simple Ola. The maids were great always stocking your rooms with towels and soda in your fridge.I do recommend bringing around 200 dollars in small bills, These people work very hard and even though it is an all inclusive, they look for there tips to supplement there low wages. They will go out of there way if you tip once in a while.I would also like to thank my new friend Maria Cristina Ramirez in the Caribe Lobby, she always had our drinks ready when we came to the lobby and she usually danced them to us.Overall this resort lives up to a high standard of service and luxury for the price. You have to remember when on an island not everything will go 100 percent your way. You have to take it easy and fix the problem and forget it. You will enjoy this resort and have a great time. Do not believe the bad reviews because if I did, I never would have stayed at such a beautiful resort. I can't wait to go back. If you have any questions, I would love to answer them for you.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vakay
<Content>Did Not Meet Our Expectations We were very disappointed in our stay at that the Melia Caribe Tropicale. Let me start by saying that we were a big group of 13 which can always pose some problems with arrangements. The beach was very nice but vacationers need to be mindful of picking up their stuff since quite often we found plastic cups in the water. That goes for the pool too, as we would find garbage lying around. Our biggest challenges were with the dinner reservations..their system needs a major overhauling..to make reservations for the following nights meal you needed to call starting at 9:00 pm the night before. Each night one of our group needed to remove themselves from dinner to go to the phone in the restaurant and call guest services for reservations..this was not a 5 minute deal..this was a 20-30 minute ordeal since the entire resort with the exception of royal service guests is doing the same thing. We were only able to get reservations to where we wanted on 2 nights the other nights we had to take what was available ..this is a joke..since each night when we walked into the restaurants there were at least 7-8 tables empty. We were informed that the resort holds blocks off a certain number of tables for Royal Service and that you can call back at 1:00 the day of to see if they were taken, if not they are then up for grabs..we tried that on a few occassions, but were still turned away. They also told us that if we showed up at a restaurant without reservations that we would be turned away (with kids..we opted not to try this option). The food was mediocre at best. We enjoyed the Japanese restaurant and the Mexican, however the Italian and the American were not good. We had heard that the French was good too, but again could not get reservations. The buffets were fair at best..The selection of alcohol was minimal and difficult to get a proper drink..my Margarita did not tast like anything close to a Margarita. You could not get premium brand liquor and if you wanted it..their were very few bars that had them and of course we were told that we would have to pay. I didn't see on their website that you would have to pay extra for imported alcohol, same was with the wine..you could get their house wine, but if you wanted a particular bottle off the wine list it was extra. The rooms were decent..when we arrived we were told that we were going to be put in the Family Suites...had I known I would have asked to go into a standard room as the dinasour bones pillows, curtain pulls and, decorations don't exactly do it for me..I get that they were keeping up with the Flintstones theme..but my children who are 7  9 don't know the Flintstones (wasn't their era). Our tub was clogged, but they fixed it by the next day. The AC was not strong and I am someone that my husband says is cold in August..so for me to be warm..must say something about the system..may just need an update. Another concern for us was that 3 of the people in our group got swimmers ear..it was mentioned to us that there could be higher level of bacteria in the pool..I don't know enough about swimmers ear to comment on it, but I must admit..I never did smell any chlorine. The activities for the kids cost money..they had a zip line, rock climbing wall and trampolines..again I couldn't find any mention of extra fees on their website, but when we got their they were charges to use it. Overall the place looks tired and could use a bit of a sprucing up. As a group we had fun and laughs, but agreed that this was not a place we would go back to. Several of us also got a stomach bug..but I'm a believer that this can happen anywhere..so I don't attribute that to the place..if that were the case I would end up never leaving the states.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>pacificspade
<Content>melia caribe is the best!!! whats up fellas? my name is Jason from NYC. My dad, my brother, and I stayed at the Melia Caribe from july 6-15th and all i can say is, GO HERE! this was our third time in Punta Cana, and Melia is simply the best resort you can hope to find in Punta Cana. We went there to celebrate my 19th birthday and I had a blast. Melia Caribe is fairly big, but the grounds and landscaping is SOOOOO beautiful, you will hardly even notice the duration of a walk. All the exotic trees, plants, and little animals running around is breathtaking. The water of Bavaro Beach is NIIIIICCCEEE! the water is clear blue and just the feel of it is so smooth to the skin, you have to experience it for yourself of course! Melia has several restaurants and buffets, along with 5 or 6 bars. All the restaurants are excellent, but the best one in my opinion is the French restaurant called Ma Maison (eat the salmon dishes!!) The food is excellent in Melia, the drinks are just as good! The Dominican People are VERY VERY nice, so different from what you find in America! They are always smiling and very friendly! ... The rooms are comfortable and clean, most are spacious...DO NOT forget to catch the shows in the Caribe side of the hotel starting at 10 pm, it is terrific.. all you need for the show is a seat, a nice cold Presidente (dominican Beer)..the drinking and gambling age for that island is 17, so i was made! ... The lobby is big and beautiful! ... All in all, the Melia Caribe is the most beautiful and accomodating hotel in Punta Cana. Friendly staff, great food and drinks, fun shows and disco clubs. STAY HERE BOTTOM LINE!!! You will NOT regret it!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>traveler147
<Content>Best Trip Ever!!!!! My stay at Melia Caribe Tropical was on i will never forget. Not only did I come home with gifts and pictures, but with the memories of the friends we will never forget....THE STAFF.They made us feel like we were kings and queens, while giving us the comfort of being in our own neighborhood and home. everywhere you turn there is someone there saying hello with a big smile. when i return to punta cana, I will be staying at Melia Caribe Tropical again!!Melissa Egebo-Queens, New York  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joe350z
<Content>Plop Plop Fiz Fiz Just returned from a week july 4th-11th with a group of 11.This is a honest review from a new jersey native.CHECK IN-VERY VERY SLOWArrived at 2pm with nobody on line and it took well over 35 minutes to check in,quickly the line built to over a hour wait with just 5 people in line.I asked for a close room to the beach and was granted.This place is huge so it was a minute walk to the pool,beach,buffet,but a very long walk to the sit down resturants and the lobby where the bars and shows are held.They have a train that comes buy every 15 minutes,but never waited,i walked.THE POOLS- Very large and never crowed.They have 2,one on the tropical side,and one on the caribe side.Getting chairs was never a problem.Getting a unbrella after 10am could be tough though.They have a pool bar at each pool.Never a wait to get a drink.THE BEACH- Very large white sand beach with plenty of chairs,and never crowed.Getting a shade umbrella was tough after 10am.They have all kinds of watersports availble.The only free ones included were the paddleboat and canoes.Get Them early.SEAWEED-Never a problem.Its actually little twiggs that float at different parts of the beach and wash up after a full day.Never a problem with swimming.Its not the green seaweed you think it is.They pick it all up after dark so its clean in the am.THE ROOM- Average sized room with a couch and a little patio.Includes a mini fridge,whichthey stock with water and soda at no charge.Leave the maid a small tip if you would like extra.Room has a small safe also.THE HOTEL- VERY VERY VERY PRETTY,beautifully landscaped grounds eveywhere.Very clean.Peacocks roam free everywhere.THE RESTURANTS- You have a choice of 2 buffet and nine sit down.The buffets serve breakfast and lunch and afternoon snacks.One serves dinner.The nine resturants were all above average with good food.You have to call the night before from 9-11pm to make reservations for the following night,no exceptions.You can were shorts,both men and women.MEN CANNOT wear OPEN TOE SANDLES.They will turn you away.BEWARE the service is extremly slow.ONLY had trouble getting into the japanese resurant whick cooks hibatchi style.On my second to last night i got help from the hotess who got me in for my last night.I tipped her nicely for the help.That is the only place that is hard to get in because of the good food and small amount of space.They open the mexican for late nite snacks.BARS- Plenty of bars all around with good drinks,UNLIMITED BOTTLED WATER FREE OF CHARGE you can order anything you want including wine and shots.Great service from all if you tipped or did not.they will also fill any mugs you may bring along with no problem.LOBBY bars close at 12am,then you have to move to the disco for drinks till 4am.The disco was empty most of the time.Music not that good.ENTERTAINMENT-LACKING--- They have nothing to do during the day,they have a water arobics class for about twenty minutes,and some vollyball on the beach.Thats it.The Kids have a flintstone camp that might keep your little ones happy for a few days.They have nightly shows at 10pm which are pretty good,then some live music till 12am.THE NEGATIVES----- SICK SICK SICK! My whole group of 11 americans got the runs after returning back.Some of us had it mid week for a day or two.Took pepto which quickly stopped it.We all still have gas and the runs 5 days later.ONE OF THE KIDS AGED 15 CAUGHT A VIRAL INFECTION,AND WAS IN THE HOSPITAL WITH A 104 FEVER A DAY AFTER RETURNING.HER FACE IS NUMB ON ONESIDE,AND WILL REMAIN FOR 4-6 WEEKS.DOCTOR SAID IT WAS CAUGHT FROM THE WATER,OR THE FOOD.WE ALL AVOIDED THE SALAD,FRIUT.THOUGH WE DID NOT GET SICK DURING THE TRIP,AND WITH THE MISFORTUNE OF THE CHILD FALLING ILL THE TRIP WAS GOOD.WE ALL NEW AHEAD OF TIME THAT WE COULD GET SICK,WE WENT TO PUNTA CANA FULLY PREPARED.I WOULD NOT RETURN TO THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC.ANY QUESTIONS FEEL FREE TO ASK.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	5	3	4	3	1	4	3	

<Author>djmed
<Content>Absolutely awesome family vacation We spent an amazing five days at the Melia from July 8th-13th. I read many ratings prior to going and frankly many of them made me nervous. After being there I wonder what some of those people were writing about. It was fabulous!!! We did book Royal Service and I would definitely do that again. With the Royal Service, you have prefered access for reservations at the ala carte restaurants and all you have to do is tell the front desk which restaurant you want reservations for the next day and they book it for you. If you do not want to make reservations, the private RS restaurant-The Gabi, is available for royal service and the food is terrific. The service is also above average. We also ate the the Japenese Restaurant-terrific, The Gourmet(International food) -fabulous, The Dominican Restaurant-very nice, and the Chinese-not good at all!! That is the only negative I would say about the entire resort. With the Royal Service, you also have a private pool which my husband and I enjoyed but you are only a ride away from the larger pools if you like a little more action. Our boys, 14 and 16 liked hanging out at the Caribe pool. There were more teenagers there and they had a great time. The resort is huge. We really enjoyed the walking around, but if you have difficulty walking this is probably not for you. The train that ran from the RS lobby to the beach came very often. The young man that drove it, Benjamin, was one of the nicest persons - always smiling when he saw you.Be sure that the men bring closed toe shoes. They really enforce the closed shoe dress code. And bring strong sunscreen, my husband and son burned thier shoulders with 30. I wore 45 and tanned but did not burn.One night we went to the Caribe Lobby were they had local music and dancing. They have young men who know how to maranga? and salsa and are willing to teach you. After watching for a while, I even talked my husband into trying it as well. Only the ala carte restaurants and the casino are air conditioned, everything else is open air so it is warm. But, I loved it. We were on vacation in a tropical paradise. What makes it so special are the DR people. They are very warm and friendly. From our maid to the bus driver, they all made us feel very welcomed and comfortable and we do not speak Spanish although we tried to use our sons Spanish class experience to learn a little while we were there.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wonheart
<Content>Beautiful Grounds, Friendly Help Just spent 7 days with my wife, 14 yr old daughter and a friend of hers. By all appearances it was a beautiful place. Grounds are maintained quite well. Unfortunately it's beauty is overshadowed by someone trying to sell you something around every corner. As you exit the lobby on your way to your room your stopped by someone who wants to tell you about Sole Melia(?), their vacation club. I immediately told the guy I had no interest in buying anything and he went from being willing to do anything for me to begrudgingly giving me directions to the train.  They also post these vendors at the entrances to the buffets, which is a little tasteless, in my opinion. One night a week they allow local junk vendors to set up shop outside the ala cart restaurants. My wife, daughter and her friend spent collectively approx. $250 for jewelry that might have cost $50 to make. I'll take the 5th on that.  As you exit the Agora buffet to the beach and turn right and walk about 20 feet your approached by no less than 5 locals who have shops they want you to go into. Oddly enough, all the shops contain the same things at the same prices but they each say they're cheaper.  The room was descent enough. We had a family style room which could have slept 7- two full size and three twins. The fridge kept things cool not cold. Suggestion - KEEP THE THERMOSTAT AT THE ABSOLUTE COLDEST SETTING. My wife turned ours down about 1/2 way when we got there because it was pretty cold. I woke up about 2am sweating. Our room was no. 0106. Great location. About 50 feet from a huge pool, a 2 minute walk the Agora buffet and a 3 minute walk to the beach. Buildings 1,2,3 and 4 are all fairly close to all that stuff.  If you want a descent spot to sit arount the pool you need to have your stuff out there by 07:30-08:00 at the latest. If you want a good spot on the beach it needs to be earlier than that. There are some nice palm branch umbrellas on the beach but they go pretty quick. There's a sign up at the far end of the pool saying you shouldn't save chairs etc like that but people do it all the time. The pools are very nice and well maintained. They get cleaned every day. There is seaweed that washes up on the beach during the day but a group of guys rake it up every morning.  They have shows in the evenings which consist of some pretty good dancers.  The food in the buffet was pretty good. Nothing was ever as hot as I'm used to it but the flavor was good. We ate in the American and Italian restaurants. Both have limited menus but the food was good. You have to make reservations the day before. We also ate one night at a Hard Rock Cafe across the street at a mall. We paid almost $70 for the four of us. Two hamburgers, two chicken tenders with fries and 4 sodas. Oh well.  We did the snorkeling, parasailing, ATV and horseback tours all booked through the guy with expedia at the desk in the lobby.The snorkeling was OK. They take you to an area where the fish are baited to stay there. The ATV tour wasn't worth it. My wife and daughter enjoyed the parasailing and horseback ride.  All in all I didn't think it was worth what we paid. I'd rather gone to Hawaii for the same money.  If anyone smokes cigars, you can walk out the entrance and across the street to a little indoor mall. There is a cigar shop called Cigs. (i think that's what the name was). When you walk in the entrance it's on the opposite side and a little to the right. (There's one right when you walk in on the right. Not that one) Anyway, they have their own brand called Cigs. I bought one and it was, bar none, the best cigar I've ever smoked.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>DutchinUSA
<Content>vacation in Pardise for families Melia Caribe Tropical is a great Familky resort. If you are looking for a small resort, do not go here, but if you are looking for a great vacation and a nice scenery, this is the place to go!I stayed here with my wife and 2 kids (3 and 4 yrs old), The hotel has numerous kids activities starting with kids 4 months- 4 years, 5-8 yrs and 9-13 yrs. The resort is consisting of villas (2 stories high) so no huge towers, giving the resort a unique layout.The food served in one of the 9 restaurants and/or in the buffet close to the beach is of great quality, there is plenty of choice for everyone. Really loved the Chinese/Thai, Dominican and Japanese restaurant. The personel was very friendly and always ready to assist where needed. I would advise every family to go there, and book a stay on the Tropical side (where the kids club is located).  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Husker4AshburnVA
<Content>Tripadvisor Junkie Returns With Review Staying at the Melia Caribe Punta Cana was truly a memorable experience for me and my family. I exhaustively studied the reviews for three months prior to our trip and, like others have said, worried about all of the negative comments especially when you spend $5K + for a vacation. I even compiled a greatest hits document (12 pages!) of comments and took them with me for reference. Many tips were very helpful...I'll repeat some and add some...but one of the best pieces of advice was that people will complain about anything. I took all the advice with a grain of salt' and would advise you to do the same with my review; I am posting it to assist others like us who were worried about all of the comments. Come to the Melia with a positive attitude, a friendly smile, and a willingness to roll with the punches and you'll be just fine. As you鈥檒l see, the Dominican people really make the vacation 鈥?what a wonderful staff. I also apologize for the length of the review but wanted to address things that I would have wanted to know.We just returned from a 7 night stay (5 July - 12 July) and are a family of four (our kids are 18 and 13). Our passports were finalized on 3 July and we needed to contact our Congressman to get them. Anyone else in this situation should do the same as our airline, US Customs, and Dominican Republic Customs were looking for them. We didn't see anyone produce the proof of application to get anywhere. We also carefully considered what medication we needed and my wife and I decided to get the HEP A vaccine (our kids already had it) and malaria medication. Our doctor (and good friend) gave great advice by saying we wouldn't be wrong by taking it or not but if it gave us piece of mind, go ahead.The airport was what we thought it would be 鈥?thatched roof and not too much red tape. A couple of planes off-loaded so it probably took us 15-25 minutes to get through the line. The entry fee was $10 per person but we were never hit up for any other fee. Once we got the luggage, we gave a firm 鈥淣o gracias鈥?to the men who wanted to carry our bags to the Prieto Tour desk fifteen feet away (good advice!). When we got to the hotel (about a 20 minute ride), we were prepared for the worst with check-in. The result? A very, very friendly representative who got us checked in in about 15 minutes. We got side-by-side rooms (no inter-room door) but did not get a room with 2 double beds. She explained that to (1) get close to the beach and (2) get a room with a king and another with 2 doubles that adjoin would not be possible with the amount of people staying there. Rather than get mad and demand a manager, we 鈥渞olled with the punches鈥?and had no issues. I could see that if a couple of buses off-loaded 75 people it would take a while but that would be tough anywhere. We then were approached by Guest Services who handed us off to one of the Melia 鈥渢ime-share鈥?salesmen who did an 鈥渋ntro to the resort鈥?talk. We knew this was coming but politely and firmly declined any further meetings (good advice!). Meanwhile, the same Guest Services rep got us a booking that night for Le Gourmet. The next morning, the Prieto Tours representative had a special info session which had very helpful advice: don鈥檛 drink more than 4 coconut drinks a day (i.e., it鈥檚 a laxative), don鈥檛 drink the tap water, the restaurant and bar water is fine, don鈥檛 buy the larimar stone at the beach 鈥?it鈥檚 fake, don鈥檛 pay more than $20 for a bottle of mamajuana, and don鈥檛 buy Cuban cigars and expect to get them into the US.We did not use the Royal Service (more about that later) and stayed on the Caribe side. The rooms were spacious and the air conditioning and ceiling fan kept it cool. Full disclosure 鈥?we had a cockroach in our bathroom on two different days but I figured this was not unusual for the Caribbean. Our maid service was a little sporadic. We tipped almost every day and got a bottle of rum in each room on the first day. Other days we didn鈥檛 get towels or a refill on the toilet paper so we called and they brought it to us (not in 15 minutes but within a couple of hours). My daughter enjoyed writing a different note in Spanish to the maid each day which was a nice touch. One day the A/C went out for about 10 hours. Our room stayed moderately cool but we were at the beach so we really weren鈥檛 affected by it. We enjoyed breakfast and lunch everyday at the buffet 鈥?the food was just fine and some was the best we had while we were there-- to include the ala carte restaurants. We stayed away from anything that looked like it had been setting out a while but we鈥檇 do the same in the US. The 鈥減asta man鈥?and 鈥渙melet man鈥?were great fun and we tipped them at the end of the week. They were so grateful. Even the 鈥渨aiter鈥?who we usually had gave us a bottle of red wine at the end of the week and we had not tipped him all week. They were VERY nice and worked SO HARD to make sure you got what you wanted. The beach activities were hilarious. The guys were enthusiastic and very friendly. We were not able to get a thatched hut very often but with so many palm trees there are numerous shady spots that are almost the same experience. Make the effort to move and you鈥檒l be fine. We actually thought the best time on the beach was from 4 pm on when the sun was less intense and the activities were in full swing. The swim-up bar at the pool was great fun. We brought Bubba Kegs (found at Target) and they gladly filled them up (great advice!) to the envy of all. For activities, my kids and I went scuba diving with Scuba Caribe. They did a superb job of instruction and attending to us; the ratio on our dive was 1 instructor to 4 people. The kids also did para-sailing one day and had a great time. We also went on the 鈥淐aribbean Festival鈥?(make sure this is the one you book--$78 pp鈥攁nd worth it!) snorkeling 鈥減arty boat鈥?and it lived up to its name. There was plenty of dancing, singing, and the inevitable mamajuana at the end. The amount of fish we saw there was actually better than during the scuba. It was the highlight of our activities. Our personal approach was not to do something everyday that took up the whole day but to relax in between.For dinner, we got reservations EVERY NIGHT at the ala carte restaurants. Yes鈥t doesn鈥檛 seem like an efficient system and I believe you will have problems if you鈥檙e a larger group but we got in where we wanted and the longest wait on the phone for a reservation was 20 minutes. Unacceptable? We didn鈥檛 get worked up about it like we saw a lot of people do around us. The two tips I used were to start calling a couple of minutes before 9 pm and let it keep ringing but also to talk to someone on hold and tell them not to hang up (great advice!). The food was very good 鈥?the pork and chicken were better than the beef. Wonderful presentation. Good red wine. Worst service for us involved a 2+ hour dinner at the Dominican (but fantastic meal) but, hey, what鈥檚 the rush? The Capri and Japanese restaurants were in high demand. We did eat at both, but we personally enjoyed the others (Le Gourmet, French, Dominican, Mexican) more.For full disclosure, I鈥檒l state here that my son and I did get sick which was unusual because I would have predicted it would have been my daughter and wife. It lasted for a day but did not confine us to our rooms. We just didn鈥檛 have a huge appetite and didn鈥檛 feel like drinking at all. Once we got over it, it was like being inoculated so we ate and drank like we did at the beginning! We met two others who had the same experience but it certainly wasn鈥檛 rampant. Again, look at the number of people at the resort, the number of complaints, and then realize it probably really varies based on your own 鈥渃onstitution鈥?as to whether or not you鈥檒l come down with it. We did not take any medications for it either. The bartenders were fabulous. There was more than enough alcohol and if you somehow didn鈥檛 think there was, tell them and they鈥檒l make another or add liquor. If I wanted Johnny Walker or Tanguery, I asked for it and they poured it no problem (great advice!). They introduced us to 鈥渕amajuana鈥?which is a unique liqueur made from local plants, honey, red wine and rum. You can鈥檛 leave the DR with 鈥渄ry鈥?mamajuana鈥?so put some rum in and you鈥檒l be fine to leave (great advice!). We spent the nights from 9:30 on in the Tropical Lobby where they had live music and men (staff) who loved to dance. My wife and daughter had the greatest time with these enthusiastic gentlemen who were VERY pleasant and polite. After a few days around the resort, the people get to know you and really connect. We always said 鈥淗ola鈥?to anyone we saw 鈥?cooks, groundsmen, waiters, salesmen -- and got the same in return. These people are wonderful, hard working people who will respond positively if treated with kindness and respect. Unfortunately, we saw a few groups get ugly and demanding. Maybe there were issues but I really believe there鈥檚 a lot of 鈥淚 paid for this vacation and better not have (a) any problems whatsoever and (b) not have to do anything on my part.鈥?When you tried to speak a little Spanish, the staff really seemed to appreciate it (good advice!) and accommodated you as best they could. For what you need, language is really not a barrier.The only real problem came the last day after check out when the Prieto Tour bus did not come to pick us up despite several calls and even a few 鈥渄rive bys.鈥?We had to take a memorable cab ride to the airport. There were no departure fees or any other hassles.In conclusion, the beach was fabulous, the food was great, the rooms were comfortable, the resort was big but it made it never seem crowded, the sun was intense so bring SPF 20,000, the walking was fine for exercise, the drinks were flowing, and the activities were fun. But we will really miss the Dominican people. The staff was so friendly and funny. We talked about going back but we all agreed that it would probably never be a better experience since we would always compare our great week this July. Consider that I gave this hotel the highest rating despite getting sick and having A/C problems鈥?that鈥檚 how strongly we felt about the vacation. I hope this review was helpful and assisted you in some way.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>needs
<Content>Excellent Vacation!! My family and I had an excellent vacation at Melia Caribe Tropical. My husband and I, our 7 month old daughter and my parents went June 29th to July 5th. We stayed Royal Service and it was well worth every penny. The entire week was perfect. The airport was cleaned and we were on our way to the resort in no time at all. We took a transfer and if we did it all over again we would take a cab to avoid stopping at other hotels on the way to our resort. When we arrived we were taken to the royal sevice office to get our room assignment. Our butler took us and our luggage to our room on a golf cart. We tipped our butler $20.00 in hopes he would around to help all week, but never saw him much until it was time to leave. This wasn't that big of a deal, but I don't think they should advertise the benefits of a butler if they are never around. Our room was very clean and we never saw one bug the entire week we were there. The air conditioning couldn't have been any better. Our room was always very cool. We always left a gift for our maid. I don't think it made a difference in how our room was cleaned though. We never had flowers put in our room, but thats ok. It always looked great and it was nice at night when the maid pulled the sheets down and left candy. We loved the pillow menu. This was just another small bonus of royal service.It was easy to get dinner reservations and we liked all of the restaurants, except the Italian. We didn't try the Capis (seafood). The Japanese restaurant was a lot of fun and the rice was excellent there. The gabi was great too, just very HOT because it didn't have air conditioning. We liked the breakfast buffet at the gabi because the food was in a closed room so no flies or birds could get by the food. The food was good and no one in our family got sick from the food.The pool at the royal service was a perfect 10. It was never very crowded and it had little huts over the water so you could be in the shade. This was perfect for our 7 month old baby. Also, we had a great waitress get us drinks the entire day. There is a grill by the pool that we ate lunch at every day. The food was good, especially the grilled chicken, cheese fries and choc. ice-cream. We went to the tropical pool one day and couldn't wait to get back to our nice, quiet pool in royal service. Also, the cabanna's in royal service are the BEST! Our baby took a nap in them every day. My husband and step-dad would get up and save one at 6:30 every morning. The beach is beautiful. The water was warm and very clear. There was lots of water activities you could do if you're interested. There is a lot of seeweed but it didn't bother me.The transportation with royal sevice was great. We would call and minutes later a golf cart would be there to pick us up and take us where we wanted to go.We did have to visit the hospital because my mom had a bad throat and ear infection (she didin't get this at the resort but at home before we left). The medical office at the resort called us a cab to take us to the hosiptal. The hospital was safe and clean. My mom got medicine and was back at the resort a few hours later.We tipped all week for everything...not because we felt we had to but because we wanted to. The Dominican people are very nice and go out there way to make your vacation great. We also got out of the airport rather quickly too. No lines or problems.This was a great vacation. Everything was perfect. We have no complaints besides the butler, but that wasn't a big deal anyway. We didn't want to leave and would definitely return.FYI: They don't take travelers checks in the Dominican.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dive32
<Content>Melia was awesome! We just returned from a 6 day stay at the Melia, from July 4-9. I went ahead and upgraded to the Royal Services after reading the other complaints. I can not say enough about this resort. The rooms were made early and they came to turn down the sheets and draw a bath at nights. They really catered to us. If you want the premium alcohol, just ask and they'll give it to you. The frozen drink machines don't have alcohol but kids also ask for those, so I can understand why they don't add it. The food, pool, spa, etc. everything was great. We did notice that if you're winning at the casino - they'll pull the dealer in a heartbeat. The only negative thing I can comment on is the dinner, there were men in shorts, sandals, tennis shoes. My husband and I would have loved to dress more casual but after reading the reviews we didn't bring anything casual for dinner. I never saw anyone turned away (and they were not all royal service). We plan on returning to the Melia next year.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LoveTheSoleil
<Content>Terrible service. Frustrating experience. Just returned from Melia Caribe Tropical. This was my 3rd all inclusive vacation. This hotel has pros and cons, just like other places. However, for us, the cons outweighed the pros and for that reason, we would never go back to this hotel. CHECK-IN: Absolutely horrific. There was a long line up, and our turn came over an hour later. After another 30 minutes of watching the guy play on the computer and ignore our questions, we were abruptly told that we would be transferred to a another hotel due to overbooking problems. The next day, we were sent back to the Melia. Therefore, the first 2 days of our vacation was all about waiting, being told lies and getting frustrated. The people working there are extremely rude and big liars, be prepared. RESORT: Huge and absolutely beautiful. The landscaping is truly amazing. However, the size of this resort became a huge problem. There is a very very long road separating the lobby from the bungalow/beach area. There was no way we could walk that road, it was too long. There is a train that passes by every 15 minutes, but you could wait up to an hour at night (after the show) due to the slow service and the limited quantity of seats. So we felt completely dependent on the train and we lost a lot of time because of it. The guys driving the train don't speak English, you have to communicate with them with hand and feet gestures and cross your fingers that they take you to the right place... SERVICE: Incredibly bad. This was the worst part of our vacation. First of all, if you don't speak Spanish, you will feel like a moron. Only about 1% of employees speak decent English, the waiters in restaurants don't even understand the order unless you point out the selected meal on the menu. About 90% of the visitors staying at this resort were Latinos. Therefore, the workers don't make any effort in learning English. Their communication skills are unacceptable considering the industry they work in. ROOM: Not pretty. Yes, you can smell humidity, but that is normal in tropical resorts, it's inevitable. The thing we did not appreciate is the maid service. There was always something missing (towel, sheet). Save your money, giving out tips won't help. The bathroom was not very clean either. BEACH: Nice, but I have seen better beaches. The beach in Cuba is 100 times cleaner and nicer. Here, the water is light green and full of seaweed. Some good things about the beach: there is no waves, the water is warm, and the sand is very fine and white. POOL: Very beautiful, but extremely crowded. Some people were in the pool with their clothes and I saw several babies in diapers. Not very hygienic.FOOD: The breakfast buffet is excellent, there is a wide variety of food. Note that the service is very slow, and so the coffee would always arrive very late (on many occasions, after we were finished eating). For lunch, we tried the 2 buffets. Again, there is a wide variety of food, some good and some bad. The a la carte restaurants were OK. We really really loved the Chinese restaurant. We didn't like the French food. The reservations must be done over the phone the day before (between 9pm and 11pm) or on the same day after 9am. You have to call asap, otherwise you won't find a place. I know this caused a problem for some people. ANIMATION: Very nice group of people. The evening shows were nice, but I would have liked to see more comedy (fun stuff).  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>cecille
<Content>Great resort, great experience, we had a lot of fun My husband and I, and two couple of friends just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical. We stayed at the regular program and not the royal service We had a GREAT TIME. The resort is beautiful, the people who works there is very nice: front desk, housekeeping, bartenders, waiters, etc. The rooms are very comfortable and clean. The swimming pool is beautiful, very large. The beach is great, we spent hours in the ocean. The hotel grounds are umbeleivable... so beautiful and well mantained. Something I loved is to see those beautiful peacocks walking around ! The food is good. We loved the buffet breakfast (you can even start with a glass of champagne!). We had breakfast one day at the Hacienda (Mexican restaurant. by the reception area) and the rest of days at the Turey, next to the beach. There are several a la carte restaurants, but we just tried two of them, the Dominican and the American. The Dominican is good but there are not too many choices of food. The American is a plain local... there a different choices of meat and ribs. I had the Churrasco (skirt) and it was very good. The rest of the days we had dinner at the Agora buffet next too the beach and we had plenty of choices. Nothing gourmet but.... it's just a sport buffet place next to the beach.... The drinks are good, but if you are at the pool bar I would recommend to order just beer (Presidente, the local one which is very good), because the mixed drinks are not too good at that bar, the bartenders just rush to serve. Mixed drinks are good at the other bars inside the resort.The hotel is HUGE.... there is a train passing every 15 minutes, but sometimes we walked (it was nice, specially after a big meal!). The only thing I missed is a nice discotheque. There is only one and it was not too nice.... :o(We took one of the tours that the travel agency offers (of course, you have to pay for it). It was great! It's the visit to the Saona Island, they take you to this island in a Catamaran.... it's a lot of fun, there's music, dancing, and drinks. They bring you back in a speed boat which is also a lot of fun. In general, we did like the resort and we had a great time. I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lily4
<Content>Some good, some not so good We went there for our 25th Wedding Anniversary and we had mostly a great time, but, there's always a BUT! But I will not go back there for a vacation again. First the resort is way to big, we've stayed at smaller resorts and they are much more appealing. The food was actually quite good but getting a reservation at an ala carte is VERY difficult. You have to start calling at 9pm and really can't get through for at least 1/2 hour unless your lucky and by then all the good times are taken. We had much better luck and a lot less time dialing at 2:30 the day of the reservation and got mostly what we wanted. Men must wear shoes that are actually shoes and not sandals even if they are closed toe and heel. The beach quite nice and breezy which really is needed because it is way too hot there in June. Do request to have a room by the pool and beach because you can't walk to the pool and beach during the day much to hot and humid and the train is slow and spews out all this toxic exhaust. Much nicer to walk to dinner and back at night when it is a little cooler. Check in was really as painful as it get's, I don't think ever met people as unaccommodating as them. First day they checked us into a room by the lobby with 2 single beds and said they couldn't switch us even though they switched us from our original rooms that were scratched out by pen right in front of us. I think I spent 2 hours the first day trying to get a decent room and then 2 hours the second day getting a decent room and then 2 hours after that waiting for the bell boys to switch our luggage. Then they checked us into a room that had a welcome Honeymoon package for another couple and then we received their welcome bottle of rum and fruit tray. Needless to say we were then afraid that the Honeymoon couple were going to also be checked into our new room which actually was quite nice. The week then went quite well until the traveller's diarrhea hit, and you can get quite dehydrated quickly in that extreme heat. I will not return to this resort, we previously stayed at the RIU properties in the Dominican which I would return to and the beach is much nicer there. I think I will stick to Canada in the summer and will go south in the winter only.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>sandrajet
<Content>This is the honest review you need to read First I want to say hello to our new friends Angela and Donald. We had a great time with you guys. We arrived at this resort on Tuesday July 3rd and stayed until Sunday the 8th. My husband and I have traveled all over the carribean. St. Lucia (sandals) Jamaica (Sandals), Nassau (Breezes) St. Thomas, Antiqua, Turks and Caicos, Grand Caymen, St. Maarten, Mexico (cancun and playa del carmen- Adventura Spa Palace and Royal Hideaway) Not that any of you care about this but just that it hopefully will make you pay attention to this review. First let me say we are not snobs and just like decent accomodations and drinks with a nice beach and pool as well as a nice atomosphere. Basically we aren't that hard to please. Good Rooms- The rooms are nice, spacious and clean and the resort is very pretty. A bit big but pretty. If you like to get a little bit of exercise you really can walk everywhere. Nothing is that far. We stayed in Building #38 and walked everyday to the beach and pool which maybe took 7 minutes..not a big deal. If you want to be near the pool ask for building #26 as the pool is right behind it.Beach and pools- great beach and pool nice white sand and clear water and several very big pools. lots of room to swim never seemed overly crowded,Not so good..The food at the buffets was really not that great..edible yes but good no. The drinks at the bar if you like frozen drinks were awful to the point were I had to drink beer all week. Some of the ala carte resteraunts were decent but again not great. our best meal was at the International Resteraunt. The Capri was Ok and I the Japenese Steakhouse is suppossed to be good. Remember you have to call after 9pm for the next day reservations. If you call and it rings and rings hang up and call back (youll most likely get a busy) but if you hang up again and call back someone usually answers (strange I know but it seemed to work as I was able to get through and make reservations every night)This hotel caters to family and kids..if has a ton to do for kids but if your looking for a romantic getaway this is not the place.The service also was less then stellar which made me think we should have done the royal service. I would give this resort overall a 3 to 3.5 stars but it is not 4 or 5 due to the drinks/food. The resort is pretty enough but it really lacks in this area.If you are a family and want to travel with your kids and have fun and don't care that much about food this is the place for you.Hope this helps..any questions you can email me at sandycrowley2878@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>aramz
<Content>Great Caribbean experience My boyfriend and I stayed at the Melia Caribe last September for 7 nights. First off, I've been to multiple resorts in the Caribbean (DR, Jamaica, Bahamas) and Mexico. Grounds: Melia Caribe is very large, in fact got lost the first nighttrying to go to dinner. There is a trolley but we never took it... walking is relaxing and nice, especially since the grounds are so beautiful. Honestly the most well-tended and lush grounds, definitelymakes you feel like you're in a Caribbean paradise.Pool and Beach: Very nice and spacious, never had a problem getting chairs under a hut. Of course this could be because we went in off-season. Only complaint is that I wish there was a bar on the beach, but it wasn't too far from the pool bars so no biggie.Service: No complaints...sometimes a bit slow but nothing out of ordinary for a relaxing Caribbean environment. Bartenders were alwaysvery friendly and quick to get drink orders. Food: Yummy --- never any problems...buffets can get old after a few days of the same, but same with any resort. Another good thing about the Melia Caribe is the restaurant selection. I would suggest the buffets for breakfast and lunch, but always reserving dinner spots atone of the a la carte restaurants. Good variety and a nice change of pace. Room: Clean and spacious, always cleaned well with plenty of towels. Air conditioner was strong which is a big plus. Always came back to a nice cold room after being outside. For some reason our room was missing a clock though.Casino: Pretty weak and small. Not much to offer except blackjack andcaribbean stud poker. Don't go to this resort if you're a big gambler...it was enough for a couple hours entertainment each night but not what i would call a 'real' casino.All in all, this is a great Caribbean resort -- really the perfect place for a relaxing enjoyable vacation.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tripster74
<Content>All-Inclusive LAST Resort The beach was beautiful! The swim up bar was a lot of fun. But the service was lacking and the rooms were sub-standard. I heard that the experiences in the Royal Service side was much better. A lot of the staff treat you in a condescending manner, and it's far worse if you don't speak spanish. It was a hot time of year (June 27-July 1) so the only place that felt truly delicious was our AC'd room (some of the people in our party were having AC problems). Some of the restaurants were too warm to drink wine. And that's even if you had a reservation they actually honored. Most of the time we were arguing with someone about our reservations we set. We had made them before we got to the resort, confirmed them the night before while at the resort, and they still managed to keep us from enjoying dinner where we wanted and when. The buffets were only good if you got there as soon as the food was put out. The mixed drinks were nasty and the wine was pretty bad too. The bars were outdoors and not comfortable at all, unless your idea of comfort is sitting in sweltering heat with no moving air around you. The bartenders seemed to see you better if you had cash in hand. There are not enough huts on the beach to seek refuge from the sun, and believe me you'll need it. After 2 hours, my brain felt like it was frying. There were a lot of activities, amenities, restaurants and just things going on that we never knew about, but heard about on the trolley-train circuit that a resort of that size should at the very least have a print out of what's going on where delivered to their patrons rooms daily. We did receive housekeeping, but every day it was a different time, sometimes not until after 5pm. The casino was just about the only place to go at night, but if you don't gamble, you're basically just drinking bad alcohol. All the food at this resort tastes the same - soggy and tasteless. But i heard the Japanese was good, but by the time we were given reservations, i got sick from the food and it was our last night, so i did not get a chance to really enjoy. They tell you that there is food at night (9pm) buffet style, if the A la Carte restaurants do not have enough room, but if there are private functions going on, you are not permitted to enter, leaving you no choice but to buy potato chips or cookies at the gift shop. There was a couple of times we were at the buffet places ( which is the only place to go for breakfast and lunch) and the place was packed with more employees eating than resort guests, leaving the place cramped for space. There were 60 people in our party, and not one of our groups were given the dinner reservation that was asked for. The resort staff lied to us numerous times about confirming dinner reservations and changing them without our knowledge to suit other guests at the resort. We found out later that Royal Service guests were given our reservations. The room smelled really bad too. Like moldy, damp  dirty. The paint on the walls literally comes off with your fingernail, it's so damp. The shower head didn't work. They left flowers in the room that were dead by the time we ever got the chance to see them (they shut off the AC after they clean your room). No room service, only the Royal Service side got that. The only good thing about our room was that it was close to the beach  pool. The ATM machine only dispenses pesos at the resort (although dollars are accepted everywhere). Everything at the gift shop is at least double what you would normally pay in the states. The funny thing about Pina Colada's and other Fruity mixed drinks they advertise, not only do they make them different each time, different colors  textures, but we later caught on that if you do not specify whether you want alcohol or not, they will give it to you without alcohol. And if you are prone to being bitten by mosquitoes, you will be bitten. I came home with 30 bites. I planned on writing far more about Melia Caribe Tropical, but realized that we got what we paid for and it wasn't about food, service or anything like that for us - it was about bonding with the people we were traveling with. As the saying goes - it's not where you are but who you're with that counts. But I do not plan on returning to the Dominican Republic, much less this all-inclusive last resort.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Palmtree2000
<Content>Go Elswhere Unless You Love Loud Music and the NYC Subway System The biggest problem with this resort is its size. The grounds are gorgeous but getting around is a big hassle requiring waiting in the hot sun for trams. In fact sometimes it is necessary to transfer from one tram to another to get to where you want reminding me of using the NYC subway system. The place is generally chaotic and confusing. Making reservations for a restaurant is a nightmare. The foods is ok.Check in and check out was an abomination causing us to almost miss our transportation back to the airport. If booking a package by-pass the prepaid transfers. They require waiting in long lines and then spending time sitting on a bus going from hotel to hotel. It's faster to take a taxi for $25. I stayed in the Royal Service area which is well worth the extra money. The rooms are beautiful. Rooms in the rest of the hotel are dumps.Service is poor although the staff is friendly enough. Housekeeping can be sporadic.I only received turn down service twice during my eight day stay. One person in my party received no housekeeping service one day. Another in my party had flooding in her room from the rain, and another a stuffed drain that required two trips to fix and was only finally fixed after it flooded the room below. Finally if you love loud obnoxious music this is the place for you. Forget taking a nap. The music pounds everywhere 18 hours a day.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>LM0820
<Content>Don't Stay Here! My husband, 20 yr old son and 17 yr old daughter returned from our 7 night stay at this resort on July 3rd. The grounds are beautiful...peacocks and beautiful flowers adorn the property. But, Here is my review in a nutshell:1. It is VERY HOT!2. Wear comfortable shoes - you will walk a lot to and from the beach/pool/restaurants.3. Men need to bring SHOES - no sandals of any kind are permitted in the restaurants so if you want to eat at any, the men will need sneakers, or any type of shoes. Women may wear whatever they want. We could not eat dinner at any of the a la carte restaurants because we're from Florida and my husband brought only flip flops and leather dress sandals...he was not permitted in the restaurants for dinner!4. DO NOT STOP to talk to the people wearing shirts with the logo Sol Melia on them, unless you are interested in spending up to 3 hours listening to a sales pitch for a time share.5. The employees that work in the lobby area, can be rude. 6. The gentleman at Guest Services was so rude to us that we were considering coming home early. He told us, after we voiced some concerns regarding our room's cleanliness and some insect issues, that if we wanted to go home, we could pack right then and do so. We would have to sue the hotel once we got back to the US.7. To use the water sports equipment you will need to reserve it. Make reservations early!8. Definitely go out to the country - it is beautiful and the natives are VERY friendly...much friendlier than the resort personnel.We took the Bavaro Runners tour and it was the best day we had in DR! Well worth your money!10. Did I mention the employees at the main lobby can be rude?!12. When you order drinks, make sure you tell them you want alcohol, otherwise you won't get any in your drink.13. The only tips worth giving are the housekeeper and the bartenders if you are going to frequent the same bar.14. If you enjoy the sun but need a little break some times, get to the beach early and get a hut...they are awesome!I would not recommend this resort to anyone because of the rudeness of the employees...especially Guest Services!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	5	2	3	1	4	

<Author>TrazeTraveler
<Content>Royal Service is the way to go!!       Swim up pool bar  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Twinkie_7
<Content>Nightmare in Melia We just go back from Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana and what a nightmare it was. I'll start with the positive. The weather was beautiful, the beach and pools are gorgeous and very clean, and the activity men on the beach that give dance lessons and do areobic exercises were very friendly, nice, and fun. Other than that our vacation was awful. For the most part the food is edible, but not good and it made the majority of my family sick. It is almost impossible to get dinner reservations. They allow you to call between9-11pm the night before and 2-4 pm the day of and no matter what timeyou call, everything is booked. We were a party of 9, but I always made it clear that we can be split into parties of 2, and it was still difficult. By 9:15 pm (It took 15 minutes to get through with all the busy signals) everything was booked. So I would have to leave the beach everyday and walk back to my room to call at 2 pm hoping for a cancellation. I later found out from my tour guide that they hold x amount of tables for people staying on the royal service side and they don't book all of the tables in each restaurant for lack of waiters. One woman I spoke to told me she gave the reservation guy $50 and he got her into the Japanese restaurant for the following day. The Japanese restuarant is the most popular and difficult to get into because the food is that good. But when I askedthe guy if I could reserve Japanese for the following night, he told me the computer does not allow him to. So this resort is run on money and lies. My room never had maid service before 7 pm. So there were no towels to shower with to get to dinner. We had to call the front desk and argue to get towels. They would finally arrive after about 40 minutes and the maid would get to our room after we left for dinner. I later found out that my sister-in-law would hand the maid $5 each morning and she was given an endless supply of towels and had her room made up early every morning. Also, you should know that men need to wear closed toed shoes and collared shirts to get into all of the restaurants or they will not be served. My dad and brothers learned this the hard way. It cost $10per person to get into the country and $20 per person to get out. Find out if your travel agent covers this. Overall, this resort was more concerned with its rules then customer satisfaction. It is a huge resort with a lot of walking. They have a train service, but it runs every 20 minutes and follows a specific route, so I noticed it's quicker to walk. I complained to one of the guest service men about all of the walking from my room to both lobbies and he told me that I knew it was a big resort so I shouldn't have come. These people are extremely rude and unaccommodating and lack decent communication skills. Be prepared for a major run around. I would advise you not to vacation to this resort if you're looking for something relaxing and enjoyable.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>1	3	2	1	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>MattnKel402
<Content>Never Go- I'm Serious. This is not some complaint about weak drinks or moldy hotel rooms. It has taken me over a year to have the stomach to write this review.Long story short, within 48 hours of arriving at the hotel, my husband asked me to call a doctor. Fortunately I speak spanish, because most of the staff speaks minimal English- which is fine, until your husband thinks he's dying he's in so much pain. He was hospitalized for 2 days and on an IV. The doctor explained to me thathis E Coli was a common problem for tourists, as many of the wait staff does not wash their hands after using the restroom- seriously.When we got back to the hotel and were deciding how to get home, I got sick. I was too sick to even be taken out by ambulance or helicoper. The hotel LITERALLY had to place a nurse in my room 24 hrsa day to change my IV until 4 days later when I was well enough to fly home. Our hospital and medical bills totalled around $3000.00. Trip insurance did not cover the trip because we had use of our room (since I could not leave) the entire time. When I called the hotel to speak to my doctor the week after, the staff explained that the entire medical staff had been terminated over the weekend and that I could not access my medical records, which I needed to process my insurance claim.I know this sounds unbelievable. It was. Do not go, and do not expectthe hotel chain to care if you become ill due to their food preparation.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>juniorNorthCarolina
<Content>the good, the bad and the ugly We have just returned from a stay at the Melia from June 24-July 1. We were a group of 10 and had a great time in spite of the Melia. Check in was frustrating because we tried to get 4 rooms close together and close to the beach and pool. We had two rooms in building 10 and two rooms in building 12. Both were perfect locations and we were pleased with that. The rooms were average but the main problem was the air conditioning. It did not work great and was very rarely confortable in the room. Also it was a great tip to put a card in the slot to keep air conditioning running while out of the room but be aware that on the rare occasion that maid service comes in they will pull the card out and turn off the AC. In the week that we were there we only had maid service 3 times and the third time my husband had to call the supervisor to get it. If they do come they take the towels and dont leave new ones. Of course you wont know this until you get out of the shower! One day we started calling for towels at 4:00 and were still calling at 12:00a.m until they were finally delivered. The service was horrible!!!!!! Not only was maid service bad but the service in the restaurants was very slow. One night in the American Grill we waited 2 hours for a hamburger. I feel the service everywhere in the resort left alot to be desired. The food was pretty good and the buffets had something for everyone. At night we ate at the ala carte rest. and they were pretty good. The Japanese was the best food. We were so hot we started picking restaurants with the best air conditioning (the Dominican rest.) It is so hot this time of year so we were in the water all day . The beach and pool we beautiful with plenty of chairs. We did get up early to get a hut on the beach - they are all gone by 7:00 a.m. It is really beautiful that time of the day so we didnt mind. The non motorized water sports like the bikes were free of charge but had to make a reservation. My son took a windsurfing lesson for $25.00 and was told that was the only charge and he would be able to use it free for the rest of the week. Not true - $5.00 waiver fee every time used. The resort was beautiful but too large for our taste. We were lucky that our rooms were close to everything but I really felt sorry for the people who had to take a train just to get to the pool, beach or restaurants. The main lobby and bar areas were very pretty but it was so hot and there were no fans that they were hard to enjoy The casino served its purpose and provided us with lots of fun and a cool place to have a drink.Overall we had a great time and thought the place was beautiful. We would not go back because of the service and the extremely large size of the resort.Helpful hints for travel: luggage can only weigh 50 lbs (did not know this and was shifting weight in my suitcases at the check in counter) Also, if you buy Mamajuana ( a local drink) to bring home buy the already mixed kind not just the bottle with the herbs and roots in it (you will see what I mean when you get there). They will not let you through customs unless already mixed.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Demona
<Content>4 out of 5 - worth the trip The Good- great beach, decent pool, lots of loungers- buffet restaurant well stocked- the food at the a la carte restaurants was wow.- rooms were luxurious- enough activities for those interested.The Bad- bring lots of $1 bills for tips- resort is large, and not everyone will like waiting for trains or walking in the heat- no bar on the beachThe Ugly- Time Share salesmen- Getting dinner reservations at the a la carte restaurants. What an ordeal! A lot of people I talked to were really irritated about how difficult it was to make a dinner reservation.Overall, quite impressed. Quality resort with two flaws holding it back from better scores.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bunni1
<Content>Nice Place but make sure you lock up your MONEY... The only warning I would give is to keep your money and valuables in the safe.. We took a large group and four our of the eight rooms reserved were rob of their cash.. Please be mindful as I would hate that to happen to anyone else. Otherwise, this resort was big and beautiful.. Sometimes hard to get from one place to another but, who is in a hurry - we were on vacation : ).. The people were very nice, gracious, and accommodating.. I took a tip from another reviewer before going to bring $100.00 worth of $1.'s and that really came in handy for giving out tips.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Jilly2715
<Content>What to expect Let me first say, I have traveled all over ( Carribean, Africa, Asia, and the US). I was convinced to travel to the DR by someone who had travled often there. She only had wonderful things to say about it, so I figured what the Heck, lets go. My boyfriend and I landed on June 9 2007 in the DR. The airport was a little chaotic but we didn't mind, it was time to relax. We got our luggage and found a taxi to take us to our hotel. From the airport to the hotel there is a paved road surround by the jungle. Most other roads, were sand. You could see that they are trying to build up the country but they have a long way to go. We say empty billboard signs along the road and also what seemed to be vacation houses for tourists ( I can't see how the locals would afford these) When we finally arrived to the Melia, we were very lucky because we were what seemed to be the 1st to arrive from our flight but it didn't matter because we waited about 30 minutes while a couple was checking out. The first desk is EXTREMELY slow!!!!!! I'm very serious about this!!!!!!!!! With the sweltering heat, It was extremelty annoying to wait but we were paitent and I would say check in was about an hour. We were then led from the front desk to our room. The room was ok, not what I expected. It was a ltitle dingy...not what the pictures showed. I felt like all the furniture was purchased from another hotel going out of business. The resort itself was very nice, we had peacocks roaming around (but sometimes they would scream when you were trying to sleep). I didn't hang out at the pool but I did travel to the beach. It was nice, white sandy beaches, and the water was blue. They did have non motorized water sports that I did take advantage of bt make sure you get their early because you have to sign up to use them for a half hour. You can only use them from 9-5. Their are two resturants on the beach which was nice cause you could get up, walk down to the beach, have breakfast and then go lay out. I generally ate lunch there as well. There was no bar/ waitress service at the beach which kinda sucked. I walked everywhere on the resort. I didn't bother to wait for the train 1) because it took to long  2) nothing was that far away. The food was ok at the resturants. I thought the French was the best. I did take advantage of playing tennis. I brought my own raquet  balls but they will lend you some. At night we walked to the mall right outside of our hotel. It had about 10 store. We also played in the casino, watched the show one night and walked to the beach were they had music and dancing. Yes almost everyone there speaks spanish including the tourists. That didn't bother me, the service was pretty good although everyday when we returned from the beach, there were no towels in our room as if they were washing and giving us back the same ones. Overall, I would say this hotel is about 10 years behing Cancun, Mexico and if your looking for and nice all inclusive, travel there or Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	1	4	-1	

<Author>star_lovr
<Content>Great Place for a Wedding if you are easy going!!! Great Vacation!! We went to Melia in May 2007 it was great! The food was wonderful, the service was great! My sister was married on May 30th. The wedding was beautiful. Though we are used to having a lot more control than we did. There was no rehersal, and really did not know what was going on until 5 min. before the wedding. I suggest you get the horse and carriage, the horse is a little thin but it was beautiful. Tell them you want the white one. Also many people that we know who were married in the Dominican were charged extra money at the last min prior to leaving for our vacation. They said that it was a new government fee. The resort also tried to charge us extra for the 2007 prices even though we paid in 2006. This was only for the wedding, though we were able to get out of it as we complained and they said the payment in 2006 was valid. Be sure to take comfortable shoes. There is a lot of walking. The drinks were strong. If a woman ordered a drink it was weaker than if a man ordered it. Though either way they were strong. ;) I suggest taking a large insulated mug with you as the cups they give you are small and the ice melts very fast. Also if you take a floating matress you can relax in the pool. We gave ours to the maids upon departure. I had planned on going swimming with the dolphins as it is a life dream of mine. We found out that none of the resorts deal with them any more as there were many rumors that they beat the dolphins. I decided not to go as I did not want to contribute to that. We did go on the Kontiki Party Boat. OMG it was so much fun. They are great entertainers, and you go snorkeling for 1 hour. Drinks are included. Mainly rum. Sex on the Boat is their specialty. If you want to party and dance your butt off I suggest you take this trip. We used an entire video tape as it was so much fun.We had one accident, as one of the bridesmaids was having a little too much fun on our first day there. She decided to dive into the 4 foot deep pool and broke her nose. My sister and her went to the hospital, as the on site doctor suggested. The doctor did not go with them. Unfortunatly it was a Sunday and the hospital was not able to get ahold of the insurance agency and would not let her leave until they recieved $700US. After my sister was pushsed around physicaly by the security guard, and they tried to put the girl to sleep to put gause up her nose. They also tried to get them to sign papers in spanish ( that they could not read). They finally ended up leaving and returning to the resort. My suggestion is to ALWAYS have your insurance card on you incase of emergency. And dont get hurt on a Sunday ;) After all the drama everything was relaxing and enjoyable. Though she had broke her nose in the pool therefore bleeding in the pool. The pool was not cleaned. It looked clean, but they did not appear to care about the blood in the pool.They show on the web site that they have the large bikes for the water and I really wanted to use one. Though I did not see one while I was there. The entertainment I found a little cheesy, though it was entertaining. Overall it was a great vacation and I am already looking into going back.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>mountaincutup
<Content>Family vacation in paradise       It is really that beautiful everywhere on the resort  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>passapena
<Content>Absolutely great! From the moment you arrive to this hotel you feel the royalty service and attention. While we waited to check in a young lady came by with beverages for everyone. Absolutely excellent service at the front desk, at the restaurants, pool, everywhere. The room was perfect, pleasant, clean, so much landscaping that if was a pleasure to sit out in the balcony and enjoy the view.Unfortuneately, we were only here one night but we got the best out of it while we were here. The Pool area is very clean and nice. The Beach was like a POOL warm and waveless.....perfect! We ate at Capri, the seafood restaurant, my husband ate stuffed calamari for appetizer and for the main meal lobster tail with chicken and meat, absolutely delicious.If you want to really relax and feel like your in a dream vacation come to the Melia Caribe, its worth it!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ZEGANS1968
<Content>Royal Service is a Royal Joke if you have Victor and Francesco as Butlers We spent june 14th-21st at the melia. It is a beautiful resort, with wonderful views. The royal service was a great dissappointment for us. If you get victor or francesco as butlers, you will not see them after you are taken to your room. The y did not come thru with any of our requests and went as far as avoiding us and other of the guests they were assigned too. In fact the day out of check out they drove right past us. Make sure at check in you do your reservations, requests jacuzzi services and follow up with calls. We seemed to have been forgotten and didn't get the specialized service we wanted. I will say the Gabi is a great place to eat--Wandi- he is the best a caters to your needs. Wendy the bartender at the lobby was wonderful. They have great snacks. Benjamin, one of the drivers is the best and i will also say nicolas was wonderful. Other than that---you were on your own. I would consider talking to the resort and requesting to not have these butlers--maybe than your service will be great. I knew there was a problem when i spoke to 4 different couples that had the same complaint.As for the rides--do hesitate to keep calling until someone comes. As for the obstacle course and ziplines they were at an additional charge each and every time you used them after we were told differently.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	3	2	1	

<Author>hilarytaylor
<Content>Never Again We just returned from a 9 day stay at the Sol Melia Caribe Tropical with our 4 children and a nanny.We rented 2 'suites' in the family section because you can't be near the beach or the 'family section if you book royal service which they didn't tell us until we got there. We spent over an hour and a half rearranging our rooms and giving up the royal service so we could be next to our kids and the beach. The rooms are very run down, dirty and old. The maids couldn't seem to find king size sheets for our bed and pillows and would put standard or queen on instead so our pillow cases were to short for the pillows and the sheets covered only half of the bed. We would be partly on the exposed mattress. Yuck!!There was constant leaking from the bathrooms on the 2nd floor into our bathroom which was gross. I had to call everyday at least 2 times to get towels for all of us to use to shower and clean up,and there are ants and other creatures in the rooms as well.Don't go expecting to have a lot to do on the beach as the website leads you to believe. Very few water sports are inclusive and the ones that are, the paddle boats (3 of them), the wind surfers (3 of them) and the sail boats (2 of them) are very, very old and run down. This is a very large resort so you have to make a reservation and you may not get to use any of this equipment till the next day. You have to pay for the banana boats. There is a slide you have to pay for too.That's it. Needless to say, our 12 and 14 years olds were bored by the 2nd day. We had previously gone to a beaches resort in Jamaica and this resort paled in comparison!There is only one location to get towels for the beach and the pools and it is far to walk to and they only give you one per person so you can't just get then for your whole family. A few times I went to trade in used towels for new and they didn't even have any. Crazy.This resort is HUGE. The lobby, the restaurants and all the evening entertainment is a 15 min walk from the rooms or you can take a train which is still 15 min after you have waited at the stop to get a ride.All the staff there, from the people at check in to the bartenders are very unfriendly. It was like we were putting them out by asking for something.The dress code for dinner in the restaurants is very misleading. My husband wore slacks, a collared shirt and closed toe sandals and we were all turned away because of his 'shoes'. I looked in and there was a man in the same restaurant wearing jeans and tennis shoes and a ball cap eating dinner with his family.The one good thing we can say is that the food in the restaurants was all very good . We did enjoy those.All in All, that was our 2nd time at a Sol Melia resort and we will never go to any Sol Melia resort again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	2	

<Author>mikeyNorthCarolina
<Content>Great resort - need to work on water amenities Thanks to those that posted on tripadvisor. I used this info to book my trip. The resort was very nice, very clean, and the people were terrific. The restaurants were good - we used Royal Service so we didn't have problems making reservations. I would highly recommend Royal Service - it's worth the extra. Only disappointment was in water activities. The snorkeling from the beach was non-existent. If you wanted to snorkel you had to pay about $27 per person to have the hotel take you right off the beach to a reef (this should be provided as an all-inclusive). They also did not provide lessons on the windsurfing or sailboats - unless you wanted to pay extra - all other inclusive resorts we've stayed at included this in the overall price. The water is not as clear in Punta Cana as Turks and Caicos, but the resort was so much better.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Elena_and_Eric
<Content>Got ROYAL SERVICE and loved every minute of it! My fiance and I just got back from Melia Caribe yesterday. Stayed for 4 nights (for a wedding) and booked Royal Service.Anyone planning on visiting--ROYAL SERVICE IS A MUST. I cannot stress this enough. We traveled with a large group, many who did not book RS and regretted it.RS gives you access to a private check-in and check out, a private section at the beach, private pool, private restaurant, butler-like service in addition to all of the perks of the resort.Wonderful place, great time. (We were actually sad to leave.)Safe travels!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seah2o-girl
<Content>We can't wait to go back! Our group consisted of myself (32 yr. old female), my mother and my 7 yr. old son. I do not speak fluent Spanish but know enough to get by. I was nervous about booking this trip, but now I know better!My son stayed in the Bam Bam club everyday and is begging to go back. The staff gives so much attention to the children that I never felt nervous. We had walkie talkies to keep in touch. (More for my sanity than my son's). The kid's entertainment is wonderful! He played from 10:00a.m. til 11:30p.m. in the arcade or the Fun Pub. Then it was time for the adults to take over. :)The pools are identical but the one near the Agora and Kid's Club is quieter. The other is pretty busy and loud! Everyone seemed to be having fun.The food was great at the Pagoda, Capri and Hokaido. I didn't care for the others. But then again, I am very picky.We stayed for 10 days and we changed our room at check-in (which was very quick). We asked for the second floor (vaulted ceilings) room 3820. It is near the main Lobby which is the hot spot at night and also features the shows for adults.I can not say enough how wonderful this trip was and the security was everywhere until 2 a.m. If you want a great vacation with excellent service, go to Melia! I know we will be back next year. But instead of the first 2 weeks of June we will travel the last week of May and first week of June. It appears that the second week of June slows down too much.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vimkisser
<Content>Wonderful Vacation! June 8-15, 2007My husband and I were thrilled with our stay at the Melia. Airport, check-in, our room, everything went great. The service was always wonderful, but then we never had to deal with any problems. Our lights, a/c, key etc. all worked perfectly. They even presented a fruit platter and bottle of wine for our anniversary. Dinner reservations were sometimes annoying, especially when we went on a day excursion and forgot to book something the night before. We went to the Capri (favourite) Dominican (very good) Chinese (presentation was beautiful, food good) and the American Grill (good) The buffets had enough variety to keep us full the other times. The golf was super! Not so free (mandatory $70 cart fee) but then with it being so hot, the cart was worth every penny! The course is beautiful and the staff very helpful. They aren't used to seeing the woman drive the cart though!The best part of all were the many nice people we met during our stay, both the guests and the staff. The Dominican people are truly happy and very friendly. The worst part? Having to leave Punta Cana!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>krissblonde
<Content>Royal Service is a "must" My husband and I, plus another couple, went here in Jan. 2006 and again in Jan. 2007, staying for 4 nights each. The first time we werenot able to upgrade to Royal Service, and the accomodations were not satisfactory. The food buffets were loaded with flies, the room was never clean, it was hard to get dinner reservations, and the a la carte restaurants were quite bad. I refused to even consider returning to this place unless we upgraded to Royal Service, which we did in Jan. 2007, and it was wonderful. Private restaurant, private beach and pool, butler service, private concierge service, etc. An entirely different experience. I would not recommend going unless you can upgrade to Royal Service, which only cost an extra $150/person.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alijSc
<Content>Definately 5 Star Melia Caribe We just got back from a stay at the Sol Melia Caribe Tropical - stayed 8 nights from 5 June - 13 June.I read mixed, but mainly good reviews before I went and I must say I was more than satisfied with the hotel - I thought it was definately 5 star and rated much higher than the Sandals property I stayed at in Jamaica a year ago. We didn't go for the Royal Service - we thought about it after reading the reviews but couldn't get a response from the hotel about how much extra it was to upgrade so decided to stay with our original booking.One thing I will say is that the Tropical Lobby is under major construction and I would highly recommend that you request a room on the Caribe side - it is too much hassle walking around the construction at the moment (I never could be bothered waiting for the train). We were put in a room at the Tropical side but the construction completely blocked off the walkway between lobbys so asked to move after 2 days. It was no problem - they moved us and in fact the room was nicer were we were.The grounds are big (but hey, we need all the exercise we can get after 3 good meals a day and trying all those cocktails!) but they are beautiful and well maintained, we just kept looking at everything and saw something different each time we walked down to the beach. The peacocks are great to watch and also the pink flamingoes by the wedding chapel.For those who don't like to see topless sunbathing I must say they were few and far between but if you really don't want to see it then just so you know it is not acceptable at the main pools only on the beach and at the quiet spa pools which were hardly used while we were there.Over 8 nights we ate at the A La Carte restaurants every night and got to eat at all the ones we wanted to try, we only used buffet for breakfast and lunch. We chose not to try the Italian and Mexican restaurants but of the ones we did try the Japanese, Thai, French (Ma Maison) and Seafood (Capri) were the best. They were excellent. The International was good food but the very slow service spoiled it. American Grill - not so great. Just use the phones in the bars etc after 9pm to make a reservation and if you really don't get what you want it was good advice that I read somewhere to try again after 2pm the next day when they release reservations for Royal Service guests.We did see someone turned away for wearing beach type sandals, the guy tried to say they were shoes not flip flops but in my opinion they were not fit for anything else other than the beach they did look grubby. His clothes were OK but they noticed his shoes. They made a big fuss and demanded thay they call someone and the wife said she was a travel agent and would never recommend Melia again. Big deal lady, if you are a travel agent and can't be bothered to find out facts about the dress code and then stick to it then you aren't a very good travel agent anyway LOL!The Palma Real Shopping Center across the road is kind of half open but will definately add to the area when it is fully open with a Hard Rock Cafe, Tony Roma's and various little bars, cafe's and shops. My advise for picking up gifts is just to go there - the stall holders along the beach Just start off way too high and it is too hot to barter. We did take our Bubba Kegs and they were very handy - we just used them for iced water to take to the beach. The bartenders fill them up no problem - never asked for any alcohol in them though.The hotel has three nice bar areas on an evening, the Avenue Bar has some fun entertainment on Fridays - has cool seating and really is a nice bar. Didn't spend much time at the bar or Fun Pub in the Tropical side - just because it was a pain to get to. The Fun Pub looked kind of weird with cabana/bed type seating.We did take malaria tablets and never saw one mosquito and never got bitten. Just saw one bug in the room and it was dead after being slept on all night!All in all a great resort.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>meliaheaven
<Content>paradise heaven       love in paradise  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>wannabetravlin
<Content>Royal Service: Just Do It! My husband, Myself and our (almost) 2 year old son stayed at this reort never staying in all-inclusive ever. We are cuisers, so this was an all- new experience. We stayed in the Royal Service section and these comments are our findings:I'm sure you will read on the other reviews other then mine that the grounds are well kept. This is an understatement. The grounds were so meticulous and relazing. Flowers adorned everywhere you looked, various exotic birds and wildlife and roaming freely and will even eat out of your hand (the peacocks love goldfish crackers)! The only way I would characterize Royal Service is that you feel like a D List celebrity. Meaning that you get adequate attention from the staff but not too much. Nothing is overwhelming just peaceful and nice.CHECK IN - easy. we arrived in the evening when things tend to slow down a bit, so we had no problem, but if you arrive in teh morning I can see where it would be a little chaotic.HOUSEKEEPING: if you don't know ANY spanish, you are sunk. bring a cheet sheet with items in spansh such as TOWELS, SOAP, COFFEE, SODA, etc. They will ask you if you speak spanish and even if you say no. they will continue to speak in spanish. They are super friendly nonetheless. Since we had our son with us and he generally naps in the early afternoon, a few days we were unable to get our room done. They do not start cleaning early evein if you put the make up room sign at 9:00am hoping they will oblige. not so much. they get to it when they get to it.BEACHES: Beautiful water is super nice. if you snorkel, not much going on but HUGE starfish at the deeper end of the swimming area. The house photographers go up and down the beach and take your picture. The women go up and down (not bothering anyone) to see if women want their hair done. That's it. It was fantastic. Royal service had their own beach with nice chairs and HUGE palm umbrellas. Our own bar and towl hut and a server of drinks.plenty of space. the standard side there were plenty of chairs for everyone, but not as much shade. Note: there are topless sunbathers, but this was nothing as compared to when we vacationed in Tahiti. There were more top-full then top-less.POOL: Same as the beaches. Beautiful. well kept, swim up bar. Plenty of space and our own grill and wait person.The Royal Service had the little Palapas that was the only thing one had to try to snag before offiicial pool time.Note: sun is brutal. Pack PLENTY of sunscreen and after burn (we're really fair skinned) The gift shop has it, but it will cost you. Also pack a float/raft thingy.FOOD: Breakfast was good. they always had something for everyone. Lunch is usually only served by the beach or pool and is buffet. If you're not too picky you'll get by just fine, the resort uses creative ways to strectch the food budget. They will try to make the ordinary extrodinary, when they should have just left it ordinary. There is usually only 1 resturant open during lunch on the compund. Good luck trying to find it, but again they serve the same thing they are at the buffets ocean-side the only difference is that it's inside. BTW. you can't just wear your bathing suit to the open air buffets, you need to sprt a coverall or shirt. We tried only 2 of the restaurants that week the Capri (decent) and the Japanese (good if you don't know great Japanese food. it's Dominicans making Japanses food it that tells you something). With Royal Service they have their own resturant which does not require reservationa dtheir menu items were heavenly. (the service is really slow, but nice) alongside a buffet with a pasta station so if you didn't eat enough off the menu or your kid won't eat off the menu, this is terrific.TRANSPORTATION: I can't say enough about Royal service. We had our own little trolley that went back and forth from the lobby to the beach and elsewhere if needed. they always stoppes and asked if you wanted a ride if you were walking in any direction. If we would have to take the Train we probably would have gotten more frustraing reviews. My child LOVED the train so everymorning we took it around the complex to amuse him. the drive didn't seem too happy that we were joyriding, but he never said anything.SPECIAL SERIVCES: I had a massage and it was great. they also do not speak any English, so bring your cheatsheet. We also went on the hard sell of the timeshare/vacaitonclub. All in all, it probably isn't a bad deal, but we could say no and got out of there no problem. they do say an hour, but it's more like 2 1/2. If you are not in Royal ervice they show you the royal serivce side and if you are royal service they show you the neighboring reosrt Paradisus - again. nice people, pushy, but how many of them in the states aren't?BARS/DRINKING: good. they do not give you large size drinks, so ordering 2 would maybe cut down on the frequency of visits to the bar, other than that, not much to say.TIPPING: After reading all the reviews we brought some singles. (the ratio of pesos to dollars is 31 to 1). the people appreciate it, but I really don't see any improvement in the service. You tip to be nice. They are generally a pleasant people and very accomodating.All in all this was a phenominal experience and we will most definitely come back. If you booked your trip, have a great time! but most of all, you are on vacation, go with the flow and the flow is slow!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mollyenc
<Content>Am already planning my next trip! I got married at this resort in January 2007. I am so glad I chose this location for my wedding! I had friends and family there and everyone had an amazing time and we are all going back next year to celebrate my husband's and my one year anniversary.The location was beautiful! Weather was perfect and the beach could not have been nicer. The resort itself was gorgeous. It was large but it was no problem to walk around and there were multiple trolley's to take you everywhere if you didn't want to walk.The rooms were very nice. My husband and I stayed in the Royal Service Suite but my guests stayed in the deluxe junior suites. Every room has it's own private balcony and are large. They were clean and nicely furnished.The food was great! We didn't have any problems getting reservations at the a la carte restaurants. The buffets had a huge selection and everything tasted wonderful. There were plenty of bars all over the resort so you're never far from a cold drink.The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. I have read complaints that not much of the staff spoke english but you're at a resort in the Dominican Republic, it comes with the territory. I had no problems communicating with the staff and enjoyed the fact that everyone who worked there was very local. It added to the experience.This resort was also a perfect location for the wedding itself. My wedding coordinator (provided by the resort) took care of everything and I bascially just showed up. Everything was perfect.All in all, I couldn't say enough positive things about this resort. If you go to Punta Cana, stay here! (it's also very close to the airport)  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kat71
<Content>Great Vacation My boyfriend and I stayed here the first week in June '07. We decided not to do the Royal Service option, but had family staying there at the same time who did, so we got a clear sense of the differences. If we had to do it again we would have payed the extra money for Royal Service. Not so much for the butler service and pillow menu, but for the much less crowded, nicer pool, the additional restaurant, a nicer room, premium liquor at the Royal Service bar, and better chairs at the beach.... beach chair drink service also would have been pretty nice! The on demand golf cart service also would have come in handy because this resort is BIG! The only negative that we could see with the Royal Service is that these are the rooms farthest away from the beach... although a golf cart will take you there whenever you request.A few negatives...We asked for a King size bed and got a room with two double beds (not full size... but double... a little bigger than a twin). We asked to move, but it was not possible the first night , and once we were settled we opted to stay put. The room was very nice though.The resort is very spread out. There is a shuttle service that runs around the resprt. But it always seemed to be going the opposit direction as us, and the golf carts are sort of like cabs in NYC... hail one down as it is going by if no one else is in it. HOWEVER, given the all-inclusive meals and drinks, we probably managed not to gain weight on the vacation because we walked everywhere, so this negative turned into a positive!The Sol Melia Vacation Club is a sort of a time-share run by the people who own the Melia Caribe Tropical. We were talked into doing the 90-minute vacation club presentation with the promise that it would really only take 30 minutes, and we would get gift certificates for a free massage at the spa. Be warned... this presentation WILL take the full 90-minutes. Ours actually took 2 hours. Some of the information was interesting, but it took us making it VERY clear that we were done and wanted to leave to get them to stop trying to get us to buy something then and there. We did get our free spa treatments though.... very nice! Just be aware that it will take the full 90 minutes (if not longer), and that they will give you the hard sell.All of that being said. We truly loved out vacation, and recommend this resort.... splurge for Royal Service, though. It is worth it!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>sdtraveler21
<Content>Not the best - not the worst We stayed at this resort 5/30 - 6/3 for a wedding. I had read all thereviews before our trip and was a little worried, but went into it with an open mind (I'll admit, I'm easy going, but have a high standard when it comes to hotels). It rained twice, but only the first two nights. When it downpoors, the walkways get flooded, so be careful and use the umbrellas in your closet.The wedding: Beautiful. The gazebo was gorgeous and the setting was lovely. the ceremony was short, and I'm not sure the couple got the original vows they chose, but still nice just the same. Tip: book thebanquet room for the reception, as it's too hot to have it outside.Rooms: Decent. I was told not to bother booking RS, but now I wish I had. Our room was nice, but could not turn on one light without turning on all the lights (ie. If someone is still sleeping and you want to turn on the light in the bathroom, you had to turn on all thelights. A bit strange. We had it good compared to some. Our A/C worked and others had a motion sensor in their room that cut off the A/C when they slept. Not good. One day our entire floor didn't get towels - pretty inconsistent service.Dining: I was not impressed with the buffet, but was forced to eat it many times, as most of the restaurants are not open for breakfast or lunch. Mexican is open for breakfast. Don't wait too late to eat breakfast - or you'll be stuck eating hot dogs and undercooked burgers until they reopen at 12:30. The American Grill was very good and the food at the wedding reception was excellent. The Chinese restaurant has issues with terrible service. I would recommend makingyour reservations for the week when you arrive so you don't have to hassle with it later.Resort: Yes, it is huge. I don't mind walking, but it does get hot. I wouldn't recommend for seniors or very young children. the walking wasn't too bad, but by the time you figure your way around the place,it's time to leave. Staff was helpfull trying to shuttle folks around. But I did see some get frustrated with the trains as there are two, and they only cover half of the resort. It is terribly confusing. The beach is a good 15 min. from the lobby, so plan your day accordingly. We never had problems finding chairs. Also, make sure you confirm your shuttle ride back to the airport, as they will give you a hard time if you're not on their confirmed list.Overall - the beach and pool were wonderful, and that was mainly whatI cared about. Remember, this is an all-inclusive and you get what you pay for. We never had a problem getting drinks, but the options were limited and they weren't that great. They told us not to tip, but I did on occasion. I dont' know if it had much difference in the treatment I got. For what it was worth, we had a great time, but if you are looking for the ultimate in service, stay at the Paradisius on the other sideof the resort.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>justmarried84
<Content>Paradise We have just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical and all i can say is that i would like to know where all these people who moan about the hotel and service usually take their holidays as we had a fantastic time and couldnot find anything to complain about! We stayed there from the 21st May to the 4th June and got married at the hotel on the 28th May. Our wedding day was very special and although the wedding planner in the resort was not fantastic our Thomson Rep (Louise) was always at hand to assist with any problems -thanks a million Louise! We never experienced any problems with the staff - they went out of their way to help us and were always polite. Rooms were cleaned every day and the food was excellent.If anyone is considering having their wedding at this hotel we would recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HDqueen
<Content>Loved it!! Fabulous Vacation!! Loved this resort! My Husband and I just returned yesterday :-) Our 7 night stay from 5/28- 6/4 was FABULOUS!!! We did book Royal Servicewhich does seem to be the best option! Depending upon your likes and dislikes of room atmosphere, I would suggest booking Royal Service Master Suite or larger. The Jr Suites appear to be the same type of room as non Royal Service Guests. We booked a Jr Suite (Villa 42) but ended up upgrading for $20 pp/day to the Master Suite (Villa 50) on the other side of the Royal Service Pool and Gabi Restaurant.After switching to the Master Suite, we were very comfortable and the mini bar was fully stocked (better than the mini fridge we had inthe Jr Suite which was not very cold and not fully stocked) Also the safe in the Jr Suite was not working when we arrived, however, maintenance was there within 15 minutes to fix it. The Master Suite safe worked from the moment we arrived and was in better condition. In my opinon, I would strongly suggest Royal Service Master Suites !!The first two nights as well as our last night we ate the Gabi which was wonderful!! Juan and Bolivar are two of the Servers and they arereally great guys! They made sure we were well taken care of at all times and very friendly and fun to talk to :-) We then tried the Japanese, Chinese, Italian and Mediterranean restaurants. Out of the ones we tried, we ranked the Gabi first, then the Japanese,Mediterranean, Chinese and Italian last. The food overall was excellent!!!! The Royal Servive Pool Snack bar was great too! The Chicken was the BEST!!!The Resort is very large, however, you had a choice to walk or take the carts and/or train to your destination. We never had any problems with the transportation around this complex. It is a beatiful resort and everyone was very pleasant and very helpful if needed.Our Butler Francisco was great also. He was always asking if we needed a ride or help with anything and even offered to do some of our shopping for us to get us the better prices on the items we wanted :-) The Pools are large and never seemed crowded. The Beach was absolutely amazing!! White sand and the clearest blue water :-) I do not swim myself but did enjoy wading up to my neck in the water, it was so clear and cool that it was the most relaxing feeling I could imagine! The seaweed that others complained about....yes there is seaweed (it is the ocean :-) however, not so much so that it causes a problem :-) The Grounds and the Beaches are very well groomed and maintained!Staying at this resort is what you make of it, it can be very relaxing and very romantic or as active as you like with the numerous excursions offered. We had a WONDERFUL vacation and will go back as soon as we can!!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>iamawfull
<Content>I give it a 6 1/2 First the good stuff 1.Good restaurants Capri was my favorite. Great seafood, great variety, staff was wonderful. The Pagoda is a wonderful Chinese (Thai) restaurant with a good variety of dishes. Le Gourmet did not offer much that i liked, but what I had was great!  The Haikkaido Japanese steakhouse was a fun experience and good food as well. I also tried the Garapo Dominican restaurant and had a wonderful steak dinner. I was talked out of the American Grill (steaks) because several people told me that the steaks were not of high quality (this is heresay since i did not go there) 2. Golf Perks - I played the Cocotal five times and think it is a wonderful course. It is not the $300 course that has ocean front views, but it has 3 nine hole courses for all levels of play.  3. Great Pool area - whether you want to sit in the sun or drink at the pool/swim up bar, it is a great gathering place. 4. If you are looking for a place for a wedding, the wedding chapel is outdoors and very attractive for a wedding (but for me, been there done that!!) 5. The grounds are awesome! The do a great job of keeping the gardens in good shape! 6. The people are friendly! Even the men mowing the grass say Ola!  7, Bavarro Beach is beautiful! The tour operators are a pain in the [--], but there is a lot going on. The area is plain beautiful !!   Now for the negatives: 1. The Place is HUGE !! If you are by the pool, it is a 10-15 minute walk. The trains only run every 15 minutes. We had a Monsoon two nights and lots of people missed dinner reservations because the trains was too packed and they had to wait for the next train! 2. I had no phone for six days (and this is how you make dinner and golf reservations. I had to go to the train stop to make my calls) 3. They also has power outages. Not for any length of time, but it happened about half a dozen times.  4. Some of the restaurants are OK. The italian is pretty ho hum as far as quality. They mexican one is also pretty ordinary. (I mean, all you really have to do is put salsa on it!). 5. I had a personal bad experience when I arrived. My luggage got lost, so the first night I had on shorts, t-shirt, and flip flops. None of the restaurants would let me in (I had not eaten since breakfast!). The one restaurant that would (Agora), I could not find. I went in the direction i was told, did not find it, and two security guards told me it was closed. I went back to Guest Services, and the lady there could not help me get in one of the restaurants and told my I would have to find the Agora. When I told here I had already done that once, her statement was well then I can' t help you. (one thing I forgot to mention, the Agora is a 18 minute walk from the lobby!)  Let me respond to a couple things i read on this board: I had no problem spending American $$ and getting back pesos. I always got back $$ Also, cigars. The cigars at the golf course and at the Agora restaurant were wonderful (no banana leaves!). At the Agora, there is a fellow rolling them all day long. Bought one, smoked it and it was wonderful, rolled tight, and smoked smooth. They went for $5 apiece. When I left I bartered and bought 50 for $125 (half price). BUY A BUBBA KEG !! That was the best advice! People mentioned the Jellyfish restaurant. I did not eat there because I did not discover it until the next to last day. It is on the ocean, has cushioned chairs overlooking the ocean, and a great menu! it is a 10 minute walk on the beach or a short cab ride. I realize we are doing the all inclusive, but it seems like a nice alternative. I will definitely go next time.While 6 1/2 might be understating, I put a lot of emphasis on the fact that they did not even try to resolve or placate me with the phone issue. I literally had to leave my room and go to an outside phone at a tram station to make dinner and golf reservations. Also, the unwillingness to help a new arrival get a meal after I had spent 45 minutes trying to find the restaurant they told me about and turning me away when i came back to tell them that I could not find it was inappropriate. Would I go back? Probably if I knew that I was going to play golf. Otherwise, there are plenty other resorts that are smaller with the same quality of food.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	2	2	

<Author>Nina1020
<Content>You get your money's worth and then some!!! My husband and I stayed at the Melia for 5 days 5/28-6/01. Of course I've read reviews prior to booking and I decided to try it out for myself. This was my 4th trip to Punta Cana, my 1st stay at the Melia. I've stayed at the Catalonia, RIU, and Grand Palladium. The Melia was by far my favorite. Yes it is a very large resort, I did not mind at all because you never feel as if it is crowded. The grounds were beautiful aour room was fine. We inquired about upgrading to Royal Service, they wanted an additional $700, I'm glad we did not waste the money because our trip was perfect and we probably would have never met all the people we did if we had stayed at the RS. For dinner we ate at the Dominican restaurant (great), The American Grill (Okay), The Japanese (Okay). For breakfast and lunch we ate at the buffets on the beach, there is a wide variety to choose from, something for everybody. At night we played Roullette and Black Jack at the casino, which by the way was crowded every night.  I do not have anything negative to say about this resort. I've traveled to many islands and have cruised as well. You get what you pay for. we booked a week before our trip and got an excellent deal. I would return to this resort again and I would recommend it to anyone with or without children looking to have a nice relaxing vacation.P.S. Yes it did rain every night but that did not stop us or anyone else for that matter, you just get on the troley and your at your destination. But for those who I heard complaining about the rain maybe you should do some research and go at a time of year when it does not rain. the resort really does not have any control over the weather.P.S.S. PLEASE TIP!!!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KazanGirl
<Content>Great Family Vacation We went to Melia with our 2-year old son and loved every minute of our vacation. After reading the reviews, I was prepared for anything. However, I was pleasantly surprised! The check in took 10 minutes, we took the train to our room (building 27- just minutes away from the beach and the buffet), our luggage was already looking for us. The room was much better than we expected, we didn't spend much time in it anyway. The hotel itself is very beautiful, we enjoyed the peacocks, flamingos, and the fish in the little ponds in the lobby. The food in all the restaurants that we went to (new one very night) was very good, it was easy to find something from the regular menu for our son (they have kid's menu, but it's the same in each restaurant).If you are planning a romantic vacation as a couple, do not go to this hotel. Families with kids, I think, will really like it.The only little thing that we didn't like was the fact that the train operators seem to not care about the schedule or the routs (of course, our son didn't care, he loved little Thomas-look-alike train no matter where it was going). Overall, we had a great vacation and if we go to Dominican Republic again, we will definately go to Melia (we went to Bavaro Palace a few years ago and did not like it at all!)  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sweethomechicago1
<Content>Beautiful beach This resort had the most beautiful beach I'd ever been to. The water is like a swimming pool. Bring SPF 50...we burned through SPF 30 the first day. The sun is very strong! We heard the best time to visit the resort is January-March, but we went in May and the weather was perfect. Hardly any rain. Definately upgrade to Royal Service if you are going to this resort....very worth the extra money. You get a private restaurant, pool, private beach, extra bar on the beach, private lounge with internet access, and they will book all your dinner reservations for you. The royal service suites are also nice and large. All the rooms have a fridge that is stocked daily with bottled water, beer, pop, and juice. The overall service was great, our only complaint was room service..the food was terrible which was surprising because the restaurants were really good. I also have to mention the coffee in the Dominican is fantastic! The ATV tour (booked through Prieto Tours) was awesome. The Melia seemed like a great place for families with children. The kids we saw seemed to be having fun. The weddings we saw also looked beautiful. I wouldn't recommend it as a romantic getaway or honeymoon, but it is a great resort perfect for families or groups.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>cdallen64
<Content>TOOOO.......BIG!!! My wife and I stayed at the Melia for 10-days from 5/18 to 5/27. The resort is aesthetically pleasing, but is entirely too big. It is enormous!! The shuttles that are provided to take you from place to place run few and far between, and, even with Royal Service, transportation is difficult. The lobby is entirely too far from the beach with too may structures and too much vegetation in the path to get a breeze, making it stiffling. We stayed in the casino/sports bar to get the a/c. Walking to the beach is out-of-the-question, unless you love to walk.Our friends did not upgrade, and had the same exact room, and the same service, and were closer to the beach. Save having access to the Gabi Club, Royal Service is a complete waste of money. Safes do not come with the room, unless you have Royal Service, $2.00/day rental. Oh, and men, don't bother trying to wear sandles to any of the a la carte restaurants. We were banned from one on the first day, and told it is unacceptable footwear for gentlemen. So, we ended up wearing sneakers to dinner every night.All in all, not bad, but we will not return there. We've been to Punta Cana three times, including this one, and enjoyed the other two very much. The Majestic Colonial and Secrets Excellence are better, in my opinion.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>LJ1983
<Content>Just Wonderfull!!!!! We stayed at the property for 5 glorius days and booked thru American express. We added the Royal Service as a last thought and it was truly remarkable. The staff couldn't do enough for us -- restaurant reservations, unexpected gifts in our room every couple of days, the Gabbi bar and restaurant (for Royal Service) was a great experience to talk with the locals and learn their customs but above all the food was exceptional. The pool with swim up bar for Royal Service was excellent -- can't say enough about our trip. We ate in the Japanese, French  American restaurants and our last night was spent at the Gabbi and everything was great. Again, thru the Royal Service you can make reservations whenever you want with the VIP staff. The casino is not what you know about them - don't play the slots...they don't pay off but my husband did well at Black Jack. And with the Royal Service you just hop on a cart, they take you to the beach that's roped off just for this service (and there is security on that private section), they have their own beach bar and when you are ready to leave, all you have to do is pick up a phone  there they are to transport you back. The room was very clean and loved the flowers in the bathroom everyday that were picked that very morning. Order room service just 1 afternoon and asked for a beer and white wine -- they brought a whole bottle of quality white wine! Yes, the drinks here are all top shelf . Would truly go back in a minute. Met some very nice people too!  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HR62
<Content>Fabulous For Families       chinese restaurant  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LaColombiana
<Content>Wonderful Wedding Experience       Our wedding day  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>donnatop
<Content>Wonderful Experience We just returned from a week at the Melia Caribe, Royal Service. We have been to many all-inclusives in several countries, but by far, this was the best.As soon as we arrived and identifiied ourselves as RS we were taken immediately to the RS check in where it took less than 15 minutes for 8 of us to be checked in with drinks and hourdourves. We were then taken to our rooms by tram. Our first night we ate dinner at the Gabi and met Wandie who would become our friend and care taker for the next week. Even when we went to the different restaurants, Wandie always had desert and drinks layed out for us when we returned. The location is lovely and is very spread out. That suited us as we like to play tennis and get a lot of physical activity along with all the food and drink on a vacation. There was always a tram to jump on if you didn't want to walk.The rooms were well equipped and the fridge was always stocked with beer, fruit juice and water. The Gabi seemed like it was open for business 24 hours a day and hourdourves were served around the RS pool mid-morning. as well as at the RS beach.If you are thinking of going, the only way to go is Royal Service. There were never more than 25 to 30 people in the private RS pool. You always felt special and waited on at all times.Only one person in our party had any gastric problems and that was the night before we left so it wasn't a big problem and he felt better by the next morning. You should be prepared with Immodium and Pepto just in case. They really do have a pillow menu and we all had great fun ordering new ones each day. Getting reservations for any of the specialty restaurants was a phone call to RS and it was taken care of. It was an excellent vacation and though we have never returned to the same all-inclusive I believe we will be returning here.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ToddMontreal
<Content>Awesome place! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Melia Caribe from May 5-12th. We had a hard time choosing from the various resorts and we did a fair amount of research before booking. We chose the Melia Caribe for various reasons and let me tell you...I can't imagine that a better resort exists anywhere. We had an amazing time, and the resort was spectacular.We read several reviews where people complained about the same things (size of the resort, seaweed on beach, restaurants and reservations, service, etc.) and we were a bit worried. I can honestly say that we worried for nothing. The resort exceeded our expectations. It was everything we hoped for and more. Go here and you will have an awesome time.I'll try to address the major complaints that I read from other people鈥檚 reviews. Let me say that I can't believe what some people complain about.Size of the resort: The resort is quite large, but very simple. We took the trolley once only and that was because it was raining. We actually liked the fact that there was walking to do. It helped with the copious amounts of food and alcohol that we ingested. We stayed up by the lobby and walked everywhere. It was an 8-minute walk to the beach among beautiful surroundings. If you can't walk for 8 minutes three or four times a day then you have a problem. If you don't want to walk, the trolleys are everywhere. For those that can't figure out where the trolleys are going, you obviously have another problem. There are detailed maps everywhere. It's quite simple. Think straight line and you'll be OK.Seaweed: Not bad at all, we hardly noticed it. There are plenty of areas on the beach to sit or swim and most have no seaweed at all. For the areas that do have seaweed, it's nothing. Don't even think about it. Non-issue.Food: We're foodies (big time) and the food was awesome. The A la Carte restaurants were amazing. They blew us away with the quality of the food and with the presentation. Trust me, I'm a food guy. We loved the Chinese restaurant-went twice for Roasted Duck. The Japanese restaurant was great, The French wasn't bad (we're from Quebec, so we know French food), the Dominican restaurant was excellent, the Mediterranean restaurant was fantastic, and the Italian was good too. The only complaint I had about the restaurants was the house wine. It was garbage. There was a decent wine list available for an extra cost, but we were always pretty loose by dinner, so an entire bottle wasn't recommended. We never ate at the beach buffets because the a la carte restaurants were available. I can鈥檛 imagine why anyone would eat at an outdoor buffet when there are 9 or 10 indoor restaurants available. I read complaints about flies at the buffet. Obviously there are going to be flies at an outdoor buffet. That鈥檚 why there are a la carte restaurants. The same goes for breakfast and lunch. There is an indoor breakfast and lunch buffet at the Mexican restaurant. It was incredible. They always had a large assortment of fine cheeses, beautiful salads, hot and cold stuff-everything. Why go to the outdoor buffet? As for the reservations, we had no problem ever. Someone told us that the trick is to call after 2:00 the day you want the reservation-that's when the Royal Service reservations are closed and apparently a bunch are held on reserve and freed up for the rest of the guests.Service: The people are awesome and willing to do anything. The Dominicans are truly great people. We spent a fair amount of money on tips, and were happy to do it. I used to be a bartender and I expected tips to supplement my income. These guys need tips to live. Whenever we sat down at a bar with the intention of staying for a few drinks I gave the bartender $5 US right away. We had fresh drinks the moment our existing drinks were half empty-Always. If we went to a bar with the intention of having just one drink (rare) then I'd tip a buck for each order. After a few days, the bartenders remember you and bend over backwards to get you something. I even tipped the guy who made my eggs in the morning because he did such an awesome job. After the first day, he remembered how I liked my eggs and had them ready for me when he saw me in line. If you're nice to these people and you genuinely appreciate what they do, they will reward you at every opportunity. They really are great people. If you鈥檙e rude to them, they may not be so nice. I saw plenty of rude guests complaining about the service. It made me laugh. I learned three Spanish words during my stay: Ola鈥揌ello, Gracias鈥揟hank you, and Anejo鈥揳ged Rum. I saw plenty of people who never said thank you. I imagine it鈥檚 because they think the language barrier prevents the Dominicans from understanding what it means. Trust me, they understand it and appreciate it. Use it freely.This is already long, so I鈥檒l sum it up. Go to this resort. We loved it and had an amazing time. It was worth every penny.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dean0
<Content>Wedding/Vacation We stayed at the Melia Caribe from the 10th to the 17th of January with a group of 13 for our wedding!. It was his first all inclusive, her 5th. To summarize; 1.The Good-The Presidente (beer) is AWESOME.-The beach is beautiful. I can verify that 30 guys sweep the seaweed each morning at 6am. It builds up during the day.-There are lots of palapas (but come early) and loungers (you don't have to come early for those)-The a la carte restaurants are good, but the reservation system needs to be improved. The restaraunts were usually empty, even after you were told your time was not available... -Buffets were buffets everywhere. BUT, nobody got sick!-Drinks were NOT watered down, especially by Derry at the swim up bar. The best ones are in the lobbies!!-The pool and area are huge and AWESOME. -The grounds are lush,tropical, like an unbelievable park.-The massages at the tropical spa were great!-The Bavaro Runners tour was EXCELLENT.-Free use of water toys, like the paddle boat!-The rooms are nice and clean. (ESPN!!) Didn't see a varmint the whole time. There are mosquitoes though. The Bad!-The Resort is HUGE. It is a 15 minute death march to the lobby/a la cartes/casino, on slippery, hard to walk on cobblestone.-The train takes longer then walking! DON'T sit behind the engine or you'll get monoxided!-The casino is small.-The restaurant reservation system NEEDS improvement.-The check in was slow, and true to other reviews, they aren't very helpful.-The red VIP wrist band means jack diddly squat.-They were very aggressive for the tips, but it doesn't seem to get you very much more. We tipped $5 for our maid one morning, and nothing changed from the days we didn't leave a tip.One couple didn't get toilet paper for 3 days!! TIP:THE STORAGE UNIT AT THE BOTTOM OF THE STAIRS IS NOT LOCKED. GET YOUR OWN TP AND PEPSI!!-Service in the buffet resteraunts was lacking...The WeddingWe started corresponding months ahead! THEY ARE VERY slow in returning e-mails. BE PATIENT.When we arrived there, we were expecting an upgrade to a royal service suite, but were told none were available. Instead, we got a red wrist band (see above). When asked what this meant, we were told we were VIP's, and were then promptly refused entry to the VIP lounge and the royal service resteraunt. Happy Honeymoon!We met with Lilliana, the wedding coordinator. Please note, this is not who we corresponded with the entire time. To her benefit, she did make most of our dinner reservations for the week.But she definitely didn't go the extra mile to do little things for us.ex)We asked to see the choices for our wedding vows. The morning of the wedding, we still did not have them. We never did get them, and found ourselves reciting something we were unprepared for at the ceremony.There was also a problem with the photographer. We were told we were going to recieve a portrait with our wedding package. When we asked if we had a choice of where this picture would be taken, the pose, etc, we were basically told No.She said he would take it at anytime, UNLESS WE negotiated a price with them. Thinking this was a sham, we told her to forget it. We didn't need him there.Low and behold, as she was walking down the aisle to the gazebo, there he was!THEN, after the wedding, they took us to the beach for more pictures. Already having told our sister in law to do it for us, she followed. The photographer then GAVE HER DRIVER WRONG DIRECTIONS to the site, so he could get exclusive pictures that we would have to buy if we wanted!!!Oh well. They were very beautiful. We should note, the photographer is independent to the resort. BARGAIN!Other than that, the horse drawn carriage was nice, the gazebo was beautiful, the cake was good! The musical trio was excellent. We were made to feel like royalty the whole night.The reception and dinner were great.There were also no delays in getting our wedding certificate in the mail (2 months). Miscellaneous;-Air Transat (Canada...) SUCKS.-Stay in villas 34-36 or 23-28, close to all the good stuff!-Talk to your credit card company and let them know you'll be spending money outside the country. As i found out, it could cause some frustrating delays (like half of of your 7 days...).All in all, it was a dream wedding at a beautiful resort. We are realistic that all weddings have there problems.Still, they need to do some work on their service.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>happyvacationer66
<Content>Beautiful Pool and Beaches My family was there from April 19 to 25th, 2007. Everyone is always excited at the start of a vacation. So, you step off the plane with your custom paper filled out (because you received it on the airline and had time to fill out one per family)and walk into the terminal where you wait in line for a long time(depending how many planes land at one time) to pay $10 per person to enter the country, then are told you need a custom paper per person and the official then asks you for $5 - which I did not pay reading previously that it is a scam, nor did I fill out the extra custom papers.I had arranged for a taxi (Rafael Silva)to pick us up - which was great he was waiting and brought us directly to the hotel. He was also timely to pick us up for our return flight.The good and the bad:We arrived at the hotel before anyone else from the airport and no one was in line to check in. I was thinking what luck, this will be quick. Wrong! I booked direct through Sol Melia, I had an email confirmation(in English and in Spanish) of the price and kind of room I was to receive. They tried to charge me $1000 more than what my email said, this took over an hour to work out. I get to the room which was to have 2 queen beds a twin with a trundle and a pull out sofa. Instead it had 2 full size(this is questionable very small) and a twin bed and a hard not pull out sofa. Well I tried to call but the phone did not work. The phone was fixed 2 days later and many trips to the from desk to complain. I was able to get extra sheets and pillows from our housekeeper and a trundle was under the twin bed 2 days before we were going to check out. It rained very heavy one night and the roof leaked right over the bed. Don't worry it stops leaking when it stops raining. The shower leaked and flooded the bathroom during every shower and the cord to dry your bathing suits on was missing. I don't think that the bugs people saw were cockroaches I believe they were palmetto bugs which are similiar - whatever the are we had just one. Our room was located near the pool and one of the buffets and near a train stop so that was all good. I wish I had asked for another room key because in order to have the fan and airconditioner on you needed to leave a key in the wall, but housekeeping pulls it out when they come in so when you come back all hot and sticky your room is hot too. People also wrote about theft - we did not experience any problems and there were guards everywhere around the resort. I felt very secure. The time share people are very annoying and you have to be nasty with them to go away but then they do.For the number of people there the pool is nearly empty so the kids had plenty of room to swim and play. Good luck trying to get a cabana. The bartender at the swim up bar remembers what you like and how you like it which is really great. The beach is one of the nicest I have ever been to. They clean the seaweed each morning. They need more non paying water sports that are open. The food left much to be desired. We ate at the Japanese, French, and International which were all very good. The Mexican was okay. The Capri smelled fishy as soon as you walk in and food was just okay. Chinese was terrible. Reservations are a joke. You call and call and can never get the time of the restaurant you want but if you are there for a week you can usually get into all of them. We ate at the buffet by the pool for breakfast and lunch most everyday. It was always the same. There were a lot of choices so you should be able to find something you like. The Paella was really good. For a change of pace we did try the Italian buffet for lunch one day there were a few different choices there and it was airconditioned and closed in so you did not have to fight off the flies. If you live in the US and are use to airconditioning it is not the same here at all. Just remember there is no room service at this hotel and they definately cater to the people who purchase RS. None of these things ruined out trip but you go an vacation to relax you hope for less problems. I would definately go back to Punta Cana just not this hotel. The waiters and bartenders and housekeeping really tried hard to make you happy. The front desk should try a little harder. People come from all over the world and many languages are spoken by the vacationers but the front desk speaks Spanish only and very limited English. I speak a little Spanish but not enough to resolve a problem.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>olleus12
<Content>Not a complainer but this hotel is bad My husband and I decided to stay at this resort even after reading the reviews and staying at another Melia in Los Cabos (which was not so great as well) but we figured that some people just like to complain so lets give it a try. Well this is my opinion:The Positive things about the Hotel:1. Beach and grounds are beutiful... and the majority of the people working there are out to please you and are very friendly.The Negative things.1. Royal Service is a scam. It was not Royal for us and we are simple travelers. I have a 16 month old son who woke up at 11:00 at night crying, only to find a roach on him. When my husband called the front desk they thought it was a joke untill i took it to the manager in the morning. They just stated that every place has roaches. I understand that but not on my baby and I paid an extra 700.00 dollars to upgrade my room for royal service.2. I have ate at alot of all inclusive resorts and this was by far the worst. I did not get sick but it was bad food. Example: We asked for grilled cheese. They prepare it by deep fat frying it. Everything is a greese pit there. I lost weight, that was the only plus thing.3. My room in royal service was never clean, my phone did not work for 3 days so we could not call for room service, extra towels, I needed a pillow for my son. It's alot of walking to get to places but that did not bother me at all. Also I was impressed with how kid friendly this resort is. I guess the bottom line is my husband and I made the best out of it we started to joke around about how funny our trip had become. No telephone, Bathtub was broke, Food was bad, Cockroach on my son, everyone has there hand out for money. Also be aware that it costs 10 each to enter the country and 20 dollars each to exit the country. I travel all over the world and really do not expect much but when you pay to upgrade and your service is like this, take your money some where else........ Good traveling  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	-1	3	1	-1	

<Author>BP5
<Content>lock up This was my first time in DR and I enjoyed this resort very much. We were in the Royal Service section and found staff, accommodation, food, and facilities all great with the exception of a robbery attempt in our villa. The two culprits climbed up the pillars at the back of the building and tried balcony doors on the second floor, getting into one. So heed my advice and be sure every precaution is taken to keep your things secure.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimme
<Content>Perfect Vacation! My husband and I stayed in Royal Service for 1 week, May 4 - 11 with our 2 daughters 5  7.Check in was a breeze, we arrived at the hotel at 11:30 AM - check in took 5 minutes. They met us with mimosas and orange juice for the girls. Our room was ready and our butler took us there in a golf cart. Did not see butler again until we checked out. No big deal - didn't need him and we didn't call for his services.Room: Wonderful. 1 Bedroom Master Suite. Very large and clean!!! The jacuzzi tub is probably 1 1/2 times the size of ours at home and the girls loved it. Food: Great. We only tried 2 resturants other than the gabi. American - good and Japanese - great. We preferred eating at the gabi - the food was better than the two ala cart resturants we tried and you didn't have to commit to a reservation time. Beach: Gorgeous beach. Pink sand and clear water. Constant breeze. The first two days there was seaweed, after that - none. Service: The employees were great. They work very hard to please and we didn't have a problem with the languabe barrier. We took $200 in $1's and tipped during the week. I believe the service would have been wonderful tip on no tip.After reading tripadvisor for probably 2 months I was hesitant about our trip...stories of rats, roaches, getting sick from the food and being robbed at either the resort or the airport. It didn't take me long to realize that all my worrying was for nothing. I looked at probably every carribean island. Traveling with 2 kids we wanted all-inclusive, short flight (3 1/2 hours), short drive to resort (15-20 minutes) good food and affordable. I couldn't have been happier in our choice of Punta Cana and Melia Caribe Royal Suites. We will definitely be back.Having said that - I don't think I would have been quite as pleased had we not stayed in Royal Service. We would have still enjoyed the island and our stay but in our opinion staying in Royal Service was icing on the cake!One negative that I don't blame the resort for as they spray for bugs...it's a tropical island - I did see 1 cockroach in our room - it was the size of a small matchbox car!!! I only mention it because for some people that might ruin their trip. Some tips: USA3000 non-stop flight $200 pp. Had a taxi waiting for us at Punta Cana airport - Dominican Transfer $70.00 round trip. Whole family took acidophilus daily (Rhino chewable for kids) just as a precaution...not one upset stomach the whole week - we ate anything we wanted!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>james1123
<Content>Melia a huge mega-hotel property We booked our trip to the Melia Punta Cana through Cheap Caribbean during Easter week. Most other weeks of the year would have been considerably cheaper. On the whole we liked our stay. My wife and I are NYers so below are our blunt thoughts and the highlights:Best part: Top shelf alcohol was included including Absolute Vodka and Brugal Rum. The Presidente tap beer is also very good. Broad selection of restaurants to choose from (favorite Capri) Our room was very nice and right on the beach. The staff was very friendly and nice. The weather was perfect the entire week.The beach is beautiful.A good place for kids due to a Flintstone themed play area. Worst part:The bar mixers at the pool were gross. Ended up taking Pineapple juice and OJ from breakfast buffet for use in the PM.To much all you can eat  the Japanese was very disappointing.Reserving a beach hut and chairs at 7:30 am the latest.Calling in dinner reservations at 9pm and waiting for someone to eventually pick-up. The distance from the beach to the Lobby is over 1 mile.The locals say yes to everything even if they have no idea what you asked.There is a special Club section for $60.00 per nigh which you get a preferred beach area and special priority for dinner reservations. Preferred transport from room to destination. The absolute worst part was the time share sales staff in the hotel. These bozos are everywhere from check in to the breakfast and lunch buffet areas. Just don't make eye contact and keep moving. If you show no interest they will get the idea. Still annoying having these bozos at the resort soliciting time shares .  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>clubackyarda
<Content>Go, relax and have a great time!!! We just spent a fabulous week April 30th - May 7th at the Melia Caribe with our 2 children ages 19  22. It was their first trip to a hot resort so we wanted to make sure it was a memorable experience for all of us. My husband and I have been to 5 star resorts in the Bahama's and Costa Rica. We booked our trip through Marlin Travel who highly recommended this location from feedback from other clients who had attended. We were not disappointed. This place is absolutely gorgeous! The gardeners take very good care of the grounds. We saw flamingo's walking in one of the ponds near the Tropical lobby. There are Peacock's strutting their stuff on the grounds and at the beach. Air Travel: Air Transat Toronto Departure 6:15 a.m. Punta Cana Departure 8:00 p.m. On time both ways (Half hour early on departure day)Punta Cana Airport: Please have some patience. Everyone wants to get to their resort and start their vacation. Three flights came in at the same time and they were doing their best to get everyone through.We heard some unnecessary grumblings from some travellers. Make sure you have all your paperwork completed and ready to present.Check-In: We got to the resort about 11:30 a.m. and our rooms were not yet available. Check out time is 12 noon. They just asked that we hand them our reservation forms and gave us our wrist bands and pool towel cards, suggested we go enjoy lunch and a few drinks and asked us to come back around 3 for our rooms. Luggage was being watched by bell boys. Change room was available for those who didn'talready have their summer gear already on. Sol Mei: Watch for the guys in the white shirts. They're reps for the Sol Mei Time Share. If you're not intertested. be stern and tell them. They leave you alone once you start getting some colour on your skin and they look for the newbies.Beach: The beach is absolutely gorgeous - beautiful white sand. Yes, there's seaweed and if you go out early enough you'll notice the workers do rake it up early in the day. They can't control what comesin through out the day. If you go for a walk along the beach, you'll be approached by vendors trying to sell their souvenirs. They're all very friendly... some can be pushy! There are lots of beach chairs available; some of the cabana chairs are taken early in the day. Oh yes, lots of topless sunbathers!!! When in the Dominican, do as the rest of the tourists do!Pool: Beautiful!! We hung out mostly by the pool. Some topless bathers there as well. If you have a favourite spot you want reserved then you need to get out early in the morning to reserve your spot. Please don't reserve if you don't intend to use it. We were beside reserved chairs and the people didn't come for 4 - 5 hours. That's not fair. Food: Lots to choose from. Breakfast and Lunch is buffet and there'sa great selection of foods to keep everyone happy. The a la carte restaurants are fabulous! We enjoyed the American Grill, La Hacienda, La Gondola, Hokkaido, El Guarapo and Ma Maison. My son is a picky eater and he found things to eat at all the restaurants. Service was A+ at most restaurants, a little slower at others, but I'm on vacation, so who cares! Reservations are fairly easy to get providing you're not too picky as to when you eat. Seating is reserved until 2 p.m. for the Royal Service group and then opened up to the resort public. If you call shortly after 2, you can pretty well get in at any time any where. If you wait longer, you'll probably get a reservation at 9:45 p.m. which actually isn't too bad. Just have a late lunch and a little siesta before you go to supper!! We closed Ma Maison one night and ended up dancing with the waiters and having a heck of a great time. Hokkaido is a Japanese restaurant where the chef cooks in front of you. Originally our kids didn't think they would be joining us b/c they were gone on a tour. They did get back on time but we couldn't get them in with us b/c its a group seating of 12 per table. We tried giving the hostess some money but she wouldn't accept it. There truly was no room at the table. So money doesn't always talk as some have previously mentioned. Men, please make sure you bring dress shorts or long pants and you definately need closed shoes. Sandals not acceptable for men.Bars: There's a drink waiting for you pretty well anywhere you goon the resort. Lots to choose from! Premium brands are available. Local beer is Presidente and its actually not too bad. Again, have a little patience. Some people are ordering drinks for their group and it takes a little longer for the bartender to make them all. Tipping the bartender once in a while does go a long way. Rooms: We stayed in complex # 33 which was close to the pool, beach and El Turey Grill (Main buffet  snacks). It was a fair walk from the Main Lobby and where the A La Carte restaurants were. The rooms were clean and spacious. We had a King bed and the kids had two double beds. At first they booked us in separate villa's but were good enough to find a villa that could accomodate two rooms. Our maid did a great job and if we needed anything we just left a note and she would have it available (other than liquor or beer). Only water and pop is available in the fridge. There's a coffee maker in the room, iron  ironing board, and hairdryer. Tipping: Bring lots of $1.US or $5. US for tipping! They really do appreciate it. A lot of these waiters /bartenders work at different area's of the resort and they do recognize the tippers and go the extra mile for them. Tipping the maid also goes a long way.Golfing: Free?? golf is included at the Melia. My husband and son went out 3 times and did 18 holes. They brought their own clubs. For $5.00 per person you can leave your clubs at the resort for the week. They booked their requested tee time's for 7:20 a.m. before we got to the resort. It was highly recommended they confirm their times with the Cocotal Golf and Country Club once we got in Punta Cana in case their requested tee times were lost. Cart is mandatory.Make sure you pick up coupons at Guest Services so you're only paying $35.00 PER PERSON for your cart instead of $70.00. The course is gorgeous. Bring lots of balls as they're expensive to buy. It gets very hot in the morning so the earlier you can get a tee time, the better. The only disadvantage is if you want to eat before you go golfing, there's basically only coffee and cereal available that early in the morning. Bring some granola bars from home if necessary.Day Trips: As it was probably our last family vacation together we wanted to get out and do some things. We did the Bavaro Runners, Marinarium, Quad (4 X 4) and Horseback riding.Bavaro Runners is more of a cultural tour than a party tour. So if you're looking for a big party, don't go. There are a lot of children expecting gifts to be handed out. We stopped at a school and gave some gifts and also were told when we could throw gifts to kids at the side of the road. The kids did the Marinarium sunset tour and had a blast. My daughter went horseback riding and really enjoyed it as the tour took her along the countryside and galloping along the beach. Our favourite was the Quad tour. If you can afford it, rent a 4 x 4 for every rider. Wear clothing that you can throw out afterwards. It's recommended to wear runners but you don't need to. Again, wear footwear you can throw out. We went through back roads that had puddles all over the place. We went through those puddles and splashed anyone riding in site. Hence taking Malaria pills!!! We road along a beach and were able to stop and walk into the water with everything we had on to rinse off. There's a camera man taking a video of the trip. It's only $35.00 and its a great 20 minute recap of the ride. They drop it off at your hotel the next day. With all the tours, they stop at a few souvenir spots so bring lots of money if you want to buy souvenirs. If you're bringing gifts for children, I would recommend saving some for all your tours b/c there are always children around that would like to get something. We didn't think of bringing gifts on our Quad tour so I gave some of the young children $1.00 U.S. and it definately brightened their faces.Gift idea's: The dollar store is a great place to stock up!Stickers, books, colouring books, crayons, balls, frisbee's, hair gizmo's, bubbles, skipping ropes, rulers, candy, gum, etc. Check Out: Check out time is 12 noon. Our flight didn't leave until 8:00 p.m. and the bus wasn't taking us back to the airport until 4:30 so the resort extended our rooms until 2 p.m. at no charge. You have to ask at the front desk. So we were able to enjoy another great day of sunshine at the resort, check out and have a late lunch.We had a terrific week. We met some really great friends that we hope to keep in touch with. Melia Caribe Tropical is a huge resort. You can walk from the back of the resort to the main lobby at the front in about 15 minutes. There is a train that goes around to pick up people at specific spots. After all the food you eat, the walk won't hurt! It's not too bad walking in heals, but if you're feet are getting sore, what the heck, take your shoes off. Our only regret is somehow we lost our pictures from Sunday to Thursday from the memory card. Too bad, we had some great picutres. We heard some people complaining about their stay but these were the same people complaining if they didn't get their drink from the bartender the moment they walked to the bar. My advice.... relax! You're on vacation with hundreds of others. You'll be back in the rat race soon enough. We will definately go back again to the Melia Caribe. My son is already planning a trip with his friends to go back next year!! Enjoy!!!  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Soose
<Content>Fabulous Holiday Stayed at Melia Caribe in April/May and had a wonderful time. This Hotel is as near perfect as you can get. After staying in DR 10 times I would rate this the best and Casa Marina Reef the worst.CHECK IN10 mins to check in but 1 hour to receive baggage in our room. Did not bribe anyone(as someone mentioned) but was allocated the best room location. This was nearest to the beach with an ocean view on the Caribe side. The Royal Service Clents had to wait by the bus stop for transport to their rooms when we had only to walk a few yards.BEACHThe beach is beautiful. Some people stated that the seaweed was not cleared away. If you get up early you can see bags full of seaweed being removed every day. Unfortunately the seaweed came back within a short space of time.POOLPools are the biggest I have ever seen. The Caribe pool was more for relaxing. We timed how long it took to walk round it, 7 mins. Tropical pool was more for the children with games etc.FOODThe buffet restaurants for Breakfast and lunch are very good, what you would expect on all inclusive. The speciality restaurants are excellent if you like fairly rich food. My favourites were the American Grill and Los Dos which is the one outside next to the Avenue Bar. For smokers this is the only restaurant which you are allowed to smoke in(quite right too).BARSA must is the Avenue Bar on Wednesdays and Fridays. These are party nights. Had a great time even though had a bad headache the next day. The Bar staff here are the best. Did not need to order drinks they just appeared before I had finished the last one. Try the Chocolate martini - lovely.RoomsThe room I had was very comfortable. Coffee maker, Iron and Ironing board, Scales, hairdryer and fridge with drinks.The maid came in every day and left it immaculate.GOLFThis is definately the Hotel to stay in for free golf. You only had to pay for the buggy. It was very well organised for transport and tee times. The course was excellent but not easy.Overall I can understand people finding the Hotel too large but as we were very lucky and got a room near to pool and beach we only had to walk at night for the restauants and bars. This takes approx 10-15 mins. I didn't bother with the train even when it rained which was often in the first week. As for people saying don't wear high heel shoes, I did and found it easy to walk, no problem at all. The only criticism I would make is that there is not a beach bar so its a long walk for a drink. This did not affect us as it was so near to our room we got our drinks from there and used the insulated mugs.If I can organise another holiday this year I would certainly go again.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Yc___DFW
<Content>Good vacation.... Bad wedding location. I have very MIXED emotions about the Melia hotel. I have stayed there twice and have had great experiences w/ the stays, but when problems arise they are big and once home (out of the Dominican) there is nothing you can do about them! I am a bride who wed there in December. My husband and I wanted to make sure the resort was the place for our guests so we visited the March before to check out the place. We loved it there and decided it was were we wanted to exchange vows. We had 45 guests attend our wedding bringing the resort a significant amount of revenue for the off season. The wedding planner at the resort is very overworked so getting everything planned was difficult and down to the wire. I will give her credit that she does a good job, but the support staff is lacking. Our wedding was scheduled for 4:00, but due to resort delay (they would not tell us why there was a delay) it did not start until 4:50. The day up to the point of the wedding was beautiful w/ no weather problems. Unfortuantely for us, by the time the resort got to putting on the wedding a storm was coming in. Our wedding ended up being very wet from the rain. Due to the storm, our ceremony was about 5-10 minutes long w/ everything cut significantly short, no video or pictures of the wedding due to the rain, and being pronounced man and wife before the exchange of vows by the wedding planner (not the minister). We stayed at the resort for about 4 days after the wedding and were not able to get anyone there to discuss the problems w/ us. All we were told is that it was 'their' fault. We filed a formal complaint at the resort thinking we would at least be contacted to discuss w/ no luck. We requested a refund on some of the services that we paid for, but were not provided given the weather. Through our wedding planner in the states we were able to get in contact w/ the director of all Melia weddings and thought that we were getting somewhere w/ our complaint. She 'seemed' understanding of the fact that this was our wedding day and was ruined by no fault of our own. Things were going well until a couple of months ago when she just stopped returning our e-mails. So..... my message to those wanting to be MARRIED at the Melia is--- DON'T do it! Even though the flowers were beautiful and it was a great resort for a vacation w/ families and friends, the overall stress of the wedding there is not worth it. They run by their own clock. If you do decide to get married there though, MAKE SURE that all issues are resolved before leaving the resort as once you are back home you are ignored. If something goes wrong and you have a complaint, make yourself vocal. We were too understanding and were hoping that things would be taken care of when we got back. I truely believe that if we would have made a vocal complaint in the lobby were other guests could have 'heard', the resort would have taken care of the issues. We even tried to dispute the credit card payment, but due to international laws American Express was unable to assist us. Instead of the $1,000 refund due to services not provided all AMEX could do was give us a $75 credit.At the same time.... my message for those looking for an affordable VACATION, I would say GO and have a great time. The resort has a lot to offer and we had a great time w/ our friends and family members. The grounds are beautiful and we loved the food at all the restaraunts. I have recommended people go there for their honeymoon w/o concerns. It truely is a beautiful place. Just remember, if problems arise, make sure they are solved before coming home!!!!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>CanadaBigbear
<Content>Fantastic Vacation, no negatives Ultra clean, Immaculate grounds, Fantastic staff. We stayed at the Melia from April 26-May 3 (my wife, myself and our seven year old), and had no issues other than a small case of travellers tummy (1 day). For all the complaints about check-in/out we had none (a little planning goes a long way, don't wait till the last minute). The pool and beach were exceptional (occasionally had to change our sons direction to avoid European sunbathers). The restaurants were great, with awesome food quality, don't expect everything to taste exactly as it does at home. We wouldn't hesitate to highly recommend the Melia and will be returning.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mimi8998
<Content>Not too pleased this time We stayed at Melia Caribe Royal Service from 4/11 - 4/25/2007. This is the second visit we have had to Melia Caribe. We stayed for 10 days last April and I wrote a glowing review of our stay last year. We had such a great time that we returned there again this year. The difference was like night and day. We booked through Liberty Travel months ago and had asked my agent to call them while I was there to make sure that I was reserving for the same type of a room that I had last year. I had had a master suite in the RS section last year. When I looked at the room accomodations this year, it seemed that the wording was a little different. So that is why I had my agent call. She asked them to check to see what type of room we had last year and that was what I wanted this year. So everything seemed good. We also requested a balcony overlooking the pool in the RS section. I thought that since we would be staying for 2 weeks and dropping a ton of money, we would probably get the room choice we wanted. When we arrived, we found that we were given what they call a master suite this year. It is a smaller suite and is situated at the ends of the separate royal service buildings. Our first room that they brought us to overlooked the back of the resort. I refused it, went back to the RS lobby and they assigned another room. When we went to see that one, it overlooked the street at the end of the RS, but was still a smaller end room. I went back and said that I had requested a master suite overlooking the pool. They said all those rooms were already reserved. I said, yes, I am one of the people who reserved one. They then said I asked for a master suite and not a one bedroon master suite. (That is where the different naming convention this year comes in!). I told them how my agent talked to them, with me sitting right next to her, and she insisted that what I booked is the smaller room. She said there would be no bigger rooms opening til 4/20 and if we wanted one, it would cost us an additional $800. I told them no-way, and went back to my room and called my agent. She called them and the management would not move on its stand. No new room for us or no upgrade offered!Ok, so we settled down in our small room, ordered piillows. They didn't come til we were in bed at 11pm. Next morning, the maid takes them away. So I ordered them again in early morning. By 9pm, they still hadn't come so I called again and was told they would be ther. They never came. So I called the next day and again, they came around 10:30 at night. So the next morning, and every morning after that, I hid the pillows in my suitcase. So, if you want to keep your extra pillows, I would suggest you hide your pillows daily.The third day we were there, I knew that some new email buddies (that I had influenced in their decision to come to Melia caribe) were arriving. After they had checked in, I found that they had booked Junion Suites, but were upgraded, at no extra cost to the one bedroom master suites!!! Which supposedly none were available when I had asked 3 days earlier.Spoke with another couple who decided that the tropical side of the resort was not what they wanted, so they were able to upgrade at an extra $15 a day to the RS master suites. We were not offered that either!My birthday was on Sunday. So on Friday my husband went to the RS desk to book a birthday cake for me. He spoke to someone over 1/2 hour and they wrote everything down. The cake was booked for Sunday night and all we had to do was call the restaurant on Saturday for our sunday night reservation. So we reserved Ma Maison, where the cake was supposed to be. Well, you guessed it, they had no notification of a cake. So we went to the RS lobby after dinner, and they looked through their books, and nothing was written!!Went to dinner one night and the girl would not let us in. She pointed to the picture on her podium (which looked like a pcture of mens shorts) and said he couldn't come in with shorts. Yet shorts are allowed for men, just no open toed shoes for men. So we left. My husband had worn dress shorts to all the other restaurants with no trouble. So the next day, I went back to the podium and noticed that the picture was not of shorts, but of bathing trunks! My husband did not have bathing trunks on. He had on dress shorts. so we made the reservations for the same restaurant the next night, he wore the same thing, and the same girl let us in this time with no trouble. Go figure!One more reservation glitch (they had nothing written down for us in their book) at Capri the night before we left. So all in all, Melia Caribe ruined our vacation this time. The waiters and room staff were wonderful, the weather was wonderful, the beach and pool was wonderful,the food was good, but the glitches were incredible. In addition, their free for RS guests internet computers were down from Wednesday when we arrived, to Sunday, and then went down again the second week we were there. And, they would not give the RS people (who are supposed to get this service for free) a voucher to use at the pay for internet in the other part of the hotel. The tv's acted up for the whole complex multiple times. And the room we were in was right next to the back of the entertainment area so if we did not go to the shows at night, it was OK, cuz they sounded like they were in our front room every night!So, sorry to have rambled on, but I was sooooo disappointed this time. And believe it or not, I never complain about anything. I was very polite with my requests and never yelled. But we were going to look at and probably buy a vacation rental club unit or suite cuz we had thought we would like to go back every year. But, as of the first days glitches, we said no way. Would we go back again. No way! I feel that there must be some new administration there this year cuz I certainly got shafted. My travel agency is also quite upset with them. So if you go there, I hope you have a great time like we had the first year. Cuz once the mistakes happen, they seem to snowball. Good luck!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	2	2	

<Author>canadian55Ontario
<Content>I wish I was still there The Melia Caribe was my first trip ever, therefore I do not have much to compare. But as a first trip I highly recommend this resort for couples and families. There are many things you are able to do to keep one busy. ( just ask one of the Scuba Caribe staff) haha. FOODafter you let your body settle from the unlimited booze you find that all the food, especially the a la carts are amazing. the American grill and the Japanese restuarant are a must. food was always available for the guests so you would never go hungry!ROOMSGreat rooms!! Although when you go on a trip many people do not like to stay in there room very often, however after being in the hot sun it is nice to take five and relax in some air conditioned realestate. POOL Everyone can only take so much music that they are unfamiliar with. So it was quite a delight when someone put their iPod and played some country, everyone in the pool was dancing and drinking more they could handle!!! That day was the best poolside day ever!!1 Thanks to who ever supplied us with the music!SERVICEservice was unbelievable, everyone was very nice and willing to help you find out what you needed to know. The employees became very personal as they wouldn't forget you night to night!BEACHProbably the best beach I have ever witnessed, the clear water and the white sand was beautiful. just beign able to be there and soak up some sun was quite pleasent!I really recommend this resort as I am already looking to see when I will be able to visit it again!!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>NewHampshireLupus
<Content>Beautiful property but Huge disappointment  My family  I just returned from a 7 day stay on the Tropical side of the resort. We'll NEVER go back! We have stayed @ other all-incl resorts before so what we found came as quite a shock. I have NEVER seen a resort where money truely did talk! After reading one of the other reviews I find myself wondering if we may have gotten better rooms if we had offer a bribe to the receptionist as well! We paid a significant cost for our room (which we didn't end up with)  were unaware that flashing cash would get us ANYTHING we wanted  get it 1st. This sickens me beyond belief! I feel bad they probably don't earn much for the work they do but perhaps they should make it a little less apparent tipping is everything.We arrived @ the hotel to be greeted by a 2HR check-in!! All we got told want a problem with our res existed but not what the problem was. We had been given adjoining rooms in the 04 villa but ended up as an afterthought in the 19 villa. The rooms were in rough shape  need some updates/repairs. There was constnt smell of feces in the bathrooms  beds like a stone! We decided to listen to the vaca pkg presentation knowing it was designed to try to sell us something. What we got was told how we were considered 2nd class  got only 2nd class because we didn't choose their ROYAL SERVICE option. Man is this a way to sell something! Point out what is wrong with the level they could afford for the sake a sale! Remember we already felt like an afterthought because of check-in. The food was satisfactory in quality. The restaurant selections were pretty good over all but far more of a headache than necessary to get a table (perhaps money would have helped here too!). The place we enjoyed the most for quality of food  service it would be the Capri Restaurant. However, the buffets lacked greatly in variety. If you had the VIP level your buffets were laid out in a a/c'd  closed in room v. the open plan of our side. I'm sure this would have prevented the sharing (without knowing) of bagels, breads,  rolls. Service was a disappointment (with the excpetion of the waitor @ the Capri)!!!! They were friendly but slow. My children would order a drink and it would more than likely be almost the end of the meal before it arrived. If you have a life threatening food allergy not commonly seen (tomato) expect trouble. The language barrier was most difficult during these times. God help you if you ask what is in something  not all the ingredients are listed.Our youngest child loved her camp activities but our 2 older ones had a terrible time. To find out the activities either day or night too massive amounts of work. If you are the type who was there to party then you had no problems. The pools  beaches were beautiful but not enough covered seating (needed to be there by 5-6am). Not good for those far away from either as we ended up!! The spa was okay but again language problems. It's not the most comfortable to sit there knowing you are being discussed but not fully understanding. Hey, could be helpful to have your manicurist understand the word OUCH!!!! They hacked up my daughter's cuticals  she is now waiting for them to heal what she got was oops, don't tell boss!!!In closing, this was our last visit to this resort  pening tell others to avoid it. If you have already booked your stay  cannot get out of it I suggest upgrading to VIP if you can afford it or expect things to go bad. Avoid the presentation unless you want to feel stupid for wanting to research things before ou hand over a huge amount of your hard earned cash  have the 2nd class status reinforced. If the review I read if correct then bring lots of small bills to buy your way to anything you want (better room, better service,  better experience)  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	1	2	1	

<Author>aveny3
<Content>Advice for first-time all-inclusive travelers       Peacocks roamed the resort freely  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lori749
<Content>Go with Royal Service at the Melia Just want to add that going with Royal Service is like staying in an upgraded section of the resort and it made a difference to me: 1. You have a private pool called the Gabi Pool situated near the Royal Service jr suites.2. The Gabi pool is connected to a much nicer restaurant for breakfast/lunch/dinner buffet than the regular pools. Better service is offered especially for breakfast. It is still a buffet but less people so you don't have to stand in line to order your omlet. Remember the regular buffet restaurant is serving 900 people compared to the Royal Service restaurant serving 140 something rooms.3. Private beach section with Royal Service 'butler' to get your drinks compared to the regular beach section that has 1000 plus beach lounges and you walk to the bar near the pool to get a watered down sugary drink that lasts about 2 seconds.Note: you need to tip the butler about $5 a day for more alcohol and good service.4. Check in with the Royal Service makes a huge difference when you have been traveling all day. We arrived into a crowded lobby with outrageous lines and 3 tour buses. When we were escorted through the lines to the airconditioned private Royal Service lounge check in it was a wonderful feeling to sit and start chatting w/ a rep that made your dinner reservations on the spot and a porter to immediately take you and your luggage to your junior suite. That is my 2 cents...food is adequate, but themed restaurants are beautifully decorated (like Disney), and the grounds are very pretty. It is a paradise!I did not encounter any bugs what so ever and most importantwe did not have a need to use the Pepto Bismal we brought.Keep an open mind for this inexpensive caribbean beach vacation~Enjoy  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>teddybearNewJersey
<Content>Your in Paradise My boyfriend and I just came back from what I call Paradise. From the time we arrived at the resort, check in was easy,quick. The service was excellent, from the employees, restaurants, rooms were so clean and all the surrounding grounds are well groomed constantly. I am fussy , when it comes to clean room, and restaurants. But this place pasted my standards A1!!! There are so many activates for singles, couples,and families. We even had a wonderful massages on the beach , that I highly recommend . It's so relaxing and to top that off with a dip in the whirlpool to complete your ,WOW!!!!!! I can not say enough, how satisfied we were with the service at the Melia Caribe Tropical. This trip was worth every penny We are hoping to go back next here.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karendiego
<Content>Had a GREAT time! This was a GREAT hotel! The rooms were really nice and gave a secluded feel because it isnt a high-rise hotel. They are little buildings that have 2 rooms on the first floor and 2 rooms on the 2ndfloor. I didnt see or hear my neighbors once. We had our own balcony.. I think every room had it's own balcony. The bathrooms are pretty big for hotel bathrooms. The resort was HUGE! It is so big that there is a trolly that goes around the resort to pick up and drop off people. The landscaping and everything was sooo beautiful! You really wouldn't think that you would be able to get something so nice for so cheap! The staff was great! Most people spoke english but if you speak spanish to them they seem to bond with you better. If you're going to hang out at the pool bar during the day I suggest you tip the bartenders a couple dollars in the morning. Because the bar can get a little busy in the afternoon but if you give them a tip, you will have a second drink in front of you before you can finish the first no matter how busy it gets! Dont forget to bring you're own Pepto Bismol, Motrin, sunscreen, and things like that... they sell all of that stuff there but for WAAYY too much money! I bought a little bottle of sunscreen for $20 dollars. So dont forget to bring your own stuff! The food was pretty good. The hibachi was great! We ate there twice... it's definetily the best restaurant. The lunch buffet at la gondola was really good.. we ate it every day for lunch and never gotbored with it. Los Atabales had pretty good breakfast, just a little bit cold.There is a club at night that also has a pool table, but its more fora group of people or younger teens. We learned to wake up early and do our partying at the swim up bar during the day. If you plan on doing one of the snorkeling expeditions bring your own underwater camera! They charged a lot to buy one there! But the snorkeling was great and then you go and swim with nurse sharks and sting rays... it was scary but really really cool! The boat we went on was a littlemore relax and laid back...we thought we were signing up for the party one..the party one looks like a tiki hut and everyone on it is dancing and having a good time. Thats the one we wanted but we were happy with the one we did.When you walk onto the beach from the resort, go right and walk down until you see the little shops on your right. They have beautiful paintings and the people that work there are so nice! They give you this free necklace that is good luck or something its black rope witha wooden carved like totem pole head as a charm. its a really cool little place. I know you'll have fun! The whole vacatiion was so amazing! You can bargain for everything in the Domenican so dont buy anything before negociating for a lower price.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>treese
<Content>you won't be disappointed There were six of us in my party, all women in our 40s  50s and my 21 year old daughter. We found our whole vacation went very well. We found all the staff very helpful and obliging, even if they couldn't speak very much english, they would find someone who could help us. We did go on one excursion, it also was well worth the $75.00 fee. We went by bus to a catamarn to an Island where we ate and spent 2 hrs enjoying the water, then back by speed boat to the bus( we loved this). The whole trip lasted about 9 hours over all, from getting on the bus to getting back to the resort. Great time. Free food and drinks. Also shopping at a small market was included. Our only minor disappointment was that we found the water cooler than in Cuba, we had been to Cuba three times and the water was so warm. The resort itself we found fabulous, clean, pools very clean, over all we were impressed with how clean everthing was. Staff very friendly from gardeners to maids to bartenders, quick service and with a smile. We had not one time share person approach us! Maybe because we were all woman, I can honestly say we never even saw one. Even the vendors on the beach were very respectful if we said no. they just left, no begging. The food was very good, great varations in all food groups. Over all a great experience. Would go back to this resort.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flyeatbeachandleave
<Content>Kids Club Review The Mini Club, which is for 4 months to 4 years old was dark, cold, small and boring for kids that were 2 to 4. It was a perfect spot for parents to leave their infants during the hot hours of the day at the resort. The nannies seemed perfectly content to sit on the small kids couches, shaking the babies in the infant chairs or rocking them to sleep, but could care less about entertaining the bigger kids in this category. The gap in the level of interaction was noticed by other parents of kids who were hoping for more activities/toys/games/entertainment for their kids of this age. We went around the rules a bit and became friends with one of the babysitters who watched the older kids. If she could clear permission with the Mini Club babysitters, she would keep an eye on our daughter while she played on the juggle gym outside with a few older kids. We didn't keep our daughter in the Mini Club for more than 2 hours at once and that was on one day. We just felt sorry for her. We, her parents, were hoping to get some time alone to read and reconnect, but our vacation shifted and it became an all out find ways to entertain the kid kind of vacation. We would've gone to Disney or done something else. We ended up buying an inflatable floaty for the pool--they don't provide them, you have to bring your own; took train rides, went to the beach--the Caribe lobby gift shop sells floaties and sandbox toys, for an outrageous price. Occassionally, we spent a few hours in the room because it became too hot to let her run at full speed outside. Even the Kids Club, for 5-9 year olds, kept the kids in the shade doing crafts until the heat dissipated around 3pm. That was not what I was hoping for being on vacation in the caribbean.For the 5 year olds and up, the parents were estatic! They couldn't get their kids to out of the Kids Club. There are so many activities for these guys--a lot we felt could've have been tailored for the Mini club kids. We were envious that for the Kid's Club age group they had taken so much care to provide a decent set of activities, while the 2-4 year olds were stuck inside left to argue over a few toys--literally. This is a tough age (temper tantrums, the ever present 'mine' attitude, the energy that could power three utility companies) and there were babysitters who clearly didn't want to play with the kids. They wanted to watch them from a chair in the room. My husband stayed behind often playing with our daughter until she became distracted with a few toys or made friends with another kid, and once the babysitter, who I guess was tired of his presence, told him the parents were required to leave after 10 minutes. He told her point blank that he was waiting for her to engage the kids. She responded It's tiring. Yeah we know. This isn't home where we can pull out a box of toys or go to the park or turn on Little Einsteins. We took playdough, crayons, swim gear, sandcastle building stuff but she wanted her bike, her play kitchen, her legos, etc., which was the gap we were hoping the mini club would fill. I mean, BUY SOME LEGOS! Our daughter didn't entirely hate the Mini Club. She asked us to go once a day because she wanted to hang out with other kids or go on the slide --the big playground, but we couldn't imagine she'd be happy for more than 2 hours at a time, and quite often she was at the door waiting for us to come back, which just killed me. (There is this amazing playground outside with a padded floor and no way for them to hurt themselves on it. They can't fall off or get stuck. )They don't provide lunch or snacks for the kids, you have to bring diapers, snacks and their sippy cup, which we put in a little bag with our contact info in it. We would tell the babysitters where we were going to be and they could care less. On to the babysitters. My husband and I did get to go out a few nights. We would not have done this unless we had found the best babysitter we've ever had! Her name is Zuleica Olea. We met two others and let one of them babysit our daughter on a night Zuleica couldn't make it but we were home after two hours. We rushed through dinner... I don't remember where we went. The great thing is that the hotel, once you arrange for a babysitter through guest services, alerts ground security to this arrangement, which made us feel better. Overall, that section of the resort, which was the Tropical side, was just ok. Our room's sink was always clogged, the beds were crazy uncomfortable--we stayed in the family suite--our door keys never worked in the door--we had to jump into the balcony to break into our own room. Maintenance came out three separate times to fix it, etc. And if it rains the walkways on the grounds are like ice. It's ridiculous. The paddle boats, catamarans and kayaks were always booked. The restaurants, where you have to make reservations, were always booked--but you could still get in if you called at 3pm...it was a pain to make it back to a hotel phone to call in that reservation at 3pm.The upside is if you have young kids who you know are going to make a mess of things everywhere they go then you can overlook a few things like key cards and boring kids clubs. We had fun with each other and made our own experience there. We didn't get sick from the food or water. We didn't see any bugs, rats, spiders, etc. We saw a frog, a bunch of lizards. The grounds are lush and the sea was amazing. They have photographers walking the grounds so you can get a nice family photo. Yeah there are peddlers of every tchotcke you can think of, but Dominicans are so friendly you don't mind taking a few minutes chatting with them. And that's really the highlight: we never met a staff person in a bad mood...everyone always had a smile, which at times made all the difference.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>jvand
<Content>Loved it Big But Good Vancouver BC       Rs Pool  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>NovaScotiaBeachbums
<Content>Great Vacation, So So Accommodations My husband and I just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical after a 1 week stay ( Apr 19-27). When we arrived at the resort at 11am check in was quite chaotic, there was no check in desk only a table with 5 or 6 employees a stack of room keys and a fist full of bracelets. When we originally booked through our agent we were supposed to have a deluxe jr suite on the Caribe side, what we got was a room which I described as reminents of the Cuban Missle Crisis. ( I will explain further). I do have to say arriving at the resort so early in the day we did get a room right away which alot of other new guests didn't get.Here is a breakdown of our opinionRooms: Our room was ready right away, it was on the second floor, and within a 2 minute walk to both pools and the beach, as well as being across the lane from the Turey Buffet. But the tiles on the floor were at one time polished marble but like I said earlier about the Cuban Missle Crisis. When you entered the bathroom you had to step down about 2 inches, and after the first shower I realized why, FLOOD, FLOOD, FLOOD! We had 2 double beds in the room but they were more like oversized twin beds, our fridge was stocked with water and pop daily, but unfortunalty there was no waffle mix provided for the waffle iron in the room, [--]..... I would have much preferred a coffee maker!For the first 4 days the maid service sucked by the 3rd day I had to resort to taking toilet paper from the pool at night, and I made beds, and most days our rooms weren't even cleaned until after 4pm. On the 4th day there must have been a shift change becuase the maid service drastically changed, clean towels, 2 rolls of TP and the floor was mopped and the bedding changed. When I called the front desk to tell them we were in the Tropical and were supposed to be in the Caribe and wanted to be moved to what we had paid for a month and a half in advance the answer was no, no reason given just no.Food: The food was very good with lots of selection at the buffets for breakfast lunch and an afternoon snack. The a la cartes were difficult to get a reservation before 9pm but we were told by the first Air Transat rep that was becuase 1/2 the seats were reserved for the Royal Service but after 2pm what ever wasn't booked by RS was released to everyone else. We at the Chinese, the Italian, Mexican, and the American all were very good.Bar Service: The alcohol flowed freely with quite a few name brands and there was never a wait for drinks and the staff were very friendly and I found there was never a language barrier with any of the staff with the exception of the first maid.Beach/Pools: Both were equally beautiful with lots of chairs, I heard people complaining about seaweed on the beach but I didn't find that there was alot but being from NS seaweed isn't an issue for me.Air Transat Rep: Alain is his name and if you have a problem like being in the wrong section of the resort, good luck finding him, even though his book says he is going to be at the desk for 2 hours a day he was't there for us, we travelled with 3 other couples and each one of us got tired of waiting for him for more than an hour on the designated days, I did catch up with him on the last moring I was there and he was dealing with 2 other couples who just so happened to have the same problem as we did (go figure) and his excuse for us not catching each other was in a rather rude tone  I can't work every day, I need a day off too you know I would love to have job where I only have to work 2 hours a day and then not even show up!Beware the guys in the white golf shirts hanging around the lobby and the buffets they will hound you until you forcefully tell them to leave you alone, they are selling time shares and for $325USD per month for 10 years you can become a member of the Sol Melia family oh and hey you get a free T-shirt!This resort is quite large and if you don't like to walk than this is not the place for you, the gardens and roaming birds are nice but not nice enough for me to return to this resort!2 thumbs down!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	2	3	

<Author>Dincarella
<Content>Lovely place, but prob. not going back Hello all.We stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical for 6 days from 4/20 to 4/25. I'll try to write an objective review despite the fact that my husband and I are still sick with traveler's gastric issues after being home for four days. This has never happened in our travels and we've been to several countries/islands in the last 8 years. We also had a petty theft (and we live in nyc and have never been robbed) and we didn't have great weather. I'll also try to write a thorough review as I have appreciated the time other travelers have taken to inform me in the past. I've posted this with headings so if you're not interested you can skip over some parts.ARRIVALThe arrival at Punta Cana airport was unremarkable and similar to other's reports. We purchased a $10.00 tourist card and then stood in a long line to hand it over to someone a few feet away who also stamps your passport. I recommend one of you get in the line for the tourist card and the other start to wait in the custom's line to save time. The airport is charming, open construction with thatched roof. There is no jet way you walk to the main terminal after descending the stairs from the plane.The airport is very clean and simple and there is the steady beat of Island drums and costume-clad young girls to welcome you to the facility.TRANSFERWe had pre-booked a roundtrip transfer with our trip and we found the booth quickly and were escorted to a modern, clean van. It was extremely humid that day and they put the AC on quickly for us. We got to the hotel in about 20 minutes or so.CHECK-INI took note from someone else on these boards and visibly placed a $5.00 bill on top of my reservation papers on the counter when I spoke to the front desk clerk. My intention was to have a room near the pool and beach since that was our primary reason for visiting. At first he gave us a room near the lobby/restaurants but I asked him to look again. He did and gave us an ideal location (building 27) that is near the Caribe beach, pool and one of the Beach Grills. He smiled as I slid the $5.00 bill over to him after he assigned us a good location. We were greeted immediately with cold beer and fruit punch upon check-in.A young woman approached us under the guise of welcoming us to the resort and insisted we would receive a welcome package and gift by visiting a desk just past the check-in. She walked with us a bit and was very charming. When I realized that we were being escorted to the Time Share desk we politely declined and wished them a nice day and walked away towards our room.The time share sales people were certainly present often through our visit, but we found that by simply raising our hand and smiling no that they didn't press us. It wasn't as irritating as I feared it would be by reading some of the previous reviews.ROOMWe had a Deluxe Junior Suite which was fine. The room was very clean, a decent size with a small couch, lounge chair, desk and coffee table. The AC worked very well, the decor was tasteful and fresh and we had a little terrace overlooking a garden area. The bathroom is fairly large and has a bidet. The tub is pretty high which could be tricky for a senior citizen or a short person like me. :)We were given a bottle of rum and some little soaps and a heart-shaped candle the first two days of our visit.We paid the $2.00 a day to use the safe. I found it necessary to actually place a reminder paper note over the spigot in the sink because after a night out or when you're tired it could be asy to brush your teeth with the water or drink from it accidently. The room did have a strong musty smell--but there was no mold anywhere. I brought some spray perfume and sprayed when we got there. I have asthma and was worried about the mold--but I had not problems--although I took precautions by using my inhalers for a week before the trip.GETTING AROUNDIt was very humid for most of our stay and although we're typically very big on walking, we found ourselves taking the little train around the resort most of the time. The cobblestones were not comfortable to walk on--even with rubber soled shoes and when they are wet they are extremely slippery. The train came often and it was fun at first. It was a nice chance to chat with others at the resort and learn about their stay and recommendations. It can be a little confusing at first to figure out where you're going--but someone on the train always knows and can tell you. Sometimes we'd just ask the train driver before we got on how many stops to ___ and they'd usually be able to communicate that to us.Several times we got picked up at the little train stop by some of the Royal Service guys on the golf carts. When they're not busy shuttling people they randomly stop and ask if you want a ride. They were always good spirited and sweet and we tipped them a buck or so.FOODWe're foodies who live in NYC and we tried to mentally adjust to prepare for okay food. The food would be comporable in our opinion to lower level catering food--with a couple exceptions that were better. For example, the Japanese restaurant--which was fine. There was no great food to be had anywhere and we didn't really expect that. (the pizza at the beach grill was pretty good)The a la carte restaurants were really pretty--lots of ambience and beautiful architecture. They really have SO much of this right except for much of the food is overcooked or tough and the sauces are either bland or sugary. I really think if they get the right food manager in this place it could make a huge difference. The menu is fairly sophisticated and the presentation is nice. They really are trying, you can tell. The service was fine--the wait staff were extremely sweet and were working their butts off to keep everyone happy. I was dismayed to see many people not leaving any tips for them at all. We felt that $2-3 for a dinner was not a lot to us but cumulatively could mean a lot for these hard-working people. Good karma!The Buffets were where we suspect we got sick. The food is left out in open air--not air conditioned and it's just a stomach issue waiting to happen. We tried to choose the things that were being made fresh--omlettes, pizza, etc. But something got us good. We drank the bottled water, etc. but by day 2 my husband was sick and by day 3 I was sick. We spoke with several other people during our stay who had the same issue. This and the size of the resort would be the reason we would not return. We realize this could happen anywhere--but when we spoke to others with the same issue--it made us think twice. If resorts like this want to attract more of the American market, they're going to have to take far greater steps for precautions against traveler's illness--much like Mexico has accomplished in their tourist districts.We lost our appetite and felt somewhat lethargic and it really took a lot away from our trip. And we're the glass is half full type people.Getting reservations at the A La Carte was a bit of a pain in the butt...it takes about 20 minutes to get through to the reservations line. However, we don't mind eating late and were able to get 9 pm reservations where we wanted to go on most nights.POOL and BEACHWe were on the Caribe side (and yes there ARE more children on the tropical side) and the pool is truly fantastic. We gained from the wisdom of some of the people who posted on TA and we brought 2 rafts from the dollar store and insulated mugs. They were a great addition to our vacation. The swim up bar is fun. Sometimes the music was a bit loud when i wanted some peace and quiet but mostly it was fine.We got our room key and $30 stolen from our bag which was hidden under a beach towel by our lounge chair. Every other day my husband kept the cash and key in his bathing suit pocket. That one day he wore a suit with no pocket. The hotel manager came to us to give us new reprogrammed keys. He was polite but not apologetic and suggested it was another hotel guest as opposed to his staff. I found that comment odd since we hadn't accused any of his staff to begin with. However, it wasn't a big loss and we shrugged it off as bad judgement on our part and we were more careful from then on. In the US, we would have expected a small gesture by the manager to make us feel better about the incident--I'm not sure what that would be in an all-inclusive, but I'm sure there's something small. It's no biggie, though.There were NOT too many children when we were there. We made sure we booked after Spring Break. Yes, there were kids (we love kids but this was an adult vacation for us) and yet the pool was plenty large enough to find some space away from them. We didnt find there were too many children to detract from a romantic vacation at all.The best hotel pool I've ever been in.The Beach is gorgeous. Yes there were some days with more seaweed than others but the water was clean and beautiful and the sand was the softest powdery sand ever. CASINOThe casino is tiny and very old fashioned. If you're looking for a sleek Vegas experience, you'll surely get a chuckle from this place. But we had a blast there--we met some interesting people at the Caribbean stud table and laughed and even won a bit.This was the only part of the casinos where the employees seemed kind of miserable.The slots are very old--they don't take bills. Even though it's tiny...lots of people were laughing and having fun.SIZE OF THE RESORTI didn't really understand what people were complaining about when I read the reviews before coming. I couldnt understand why the size of the resort could matter. Now, I do. For us, I think we prefer a smaller resort. (we loved the Marriott in Curacao, for instance.)It felt a bit like a chore to get around--either walking or taking a train. The train was sweet but it got a little old after day 2 and you just wanted to walk out of your room and be within a short walk to dinner or the casino, etc. I was surprised we didn't feel like walking much because we walk a great deal in NYC--however, I failed to factor in the humidity and heat which makes walking less fun. We felt like we spent a lot of time just getting around. The grounds are beautiful, though. It feels as though you're driving through a lovely well-landscaped condo neighborhood on the little train.GENERAL MISC STUFF:We found the service to be good. Yes, there was a language barrier and why wouldn't there be? We're in their country, not ours. I brought a tiny spanish/english dictionary with me and found it helped on several occasions--leaving notes for maid, etc.The staff really appreciated the effort to use a couple of spanish words here and there and they smiled. The language issue was not a major obstacle at this resort in our opinion.Wear comfy shoes OR put your sexy shoes in a little tote bag and slip off your flip flops and put them on once you reach the restaurant or casino lobby, etc.Bring Immodium! (a whole box if you'll be there awhile or you are a big family.) Bring 50 SPF sunscreen. Yes, 50! We both tanned right through 50 SPF. We got down to 30 and then on the last day i wore 15 and it was overcast and I got quite burned.It rained every day we were there for some period of time. We had 2 days that were mostly sunny. We realized we were taking a chance booking in late April since it's the shoulder of the rainy season. I would recommend booking from January to March. The locals confirmed that.The lobby bathrooms are gorgeous--there's one that's like a museum--with ceramic vases on pedastals and a fountain in the middle of the room.Felix the bartender at the Tropical Lobby bar is very entertaining and fun. Tell him you read about him on TA. He kinda likes that.The nightly shows are very silly and barely watchable.We took a cab one night to the Princess Towers Casino--which is about 4 times the size of the one at Melia--not worth the trip, in our opinion. Only if you're really antsy to go somewhere else.Make sure you get a cab booked from the hotel--don't take gypsy cabs locally if you leave the property.The crowd at the hotel was a down to earth group. We liked that and thought it was fun-- this is not a pretentious kind of place. This is regular middle class folks with some yuppies thrown in and a handful of affluent VIP types. If you're looking for a Scene--e.g, the hottest babes or guys, the prada shoes, the see and Be Seen group--this is not the place.If you're looking for nice middle class families and couples mostly from Canada, US, Europe (france and Germany, I think) you would feel comfortable with this group.Don't worry if you're a couple lbs overweight--nobody at the pool will notice. Because of the faux cobble stoned paths, women wore sundresses or capris with flip flops or sandals at night. Very few women in heels because it's so slippery, etc.Hope this review helps you with your travel plans.Be well!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>mny68
<Content>Should have stayed home I did not choose this destination, it was a company trip for my husband. I did not want to go after reading all the horrible reviews but decided to go for him. Check in was done for us by the companies travel agent so we did not have to stand in line for that, however, it took my husband three trips to the lobby to get our room key to work. We did not have RS and the rooms were not to our standards very old looking. The resort is very large, I did not take the train because I did not like the stop and go so I walked which was ok with me. The food was horrible at all the restaurants. I was not impressed with any of it. I did not have any problems with the people working there they were friendly for the most part. The grounds were nice. The beach is just a beach. I prefer Hawaii to the Caribbean. Overall, if you just want to sit and do nothing for awhile then this place is good. I was too bored with nothing to do for five days and I did not feel like it was safe enough to venture outside the resort. I would never go back.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PEIvacationers
<Content>great vacation We stayed on the caribe side for 8 days. We were 2 couples and have travelled for 4 years to different places and have always returned home happy, this year was no different!The hotel is big, and check in is slow... said many times and knew to expect it. There is a abundance of people offering to get you drinks during check in or whenever relaxing in the bars or lobby. they did not alter service based on tipping, but is appreciated.The men could wear shorts for supper at a la carte's but must be dress shorts. They CANNOT wear any kind of open shoe.... this is strictly upheld.We checked in at 10:30am, left our bags locked in the lobby and returned at 3 to get our key and acess to our room. since we had read reviews we knew that at 3 pm on our first day we went to the phones in the lobby once we had a room number and called 6313 and got a reservation for the first night... we had reservations every night at good times by calling 6313 at 9 pm each night (someitmes took 5 minutes to get thorugh) We enjoyed a la carte everynightWe did get our anti malaria pills and did get bit by mosquitoes .. i would recoomend using bug spray in the evening on your legs.There is a mall outside the resort, more expensive and no real dominican type gifts , if you want souvenirs go to the mall on the beach, it is to the right as soon as you leave our resort. we were on the 2nd floor in villa 31 and twice the drains downstairs backed up with a strong sewage smell.. i am glad we requested the 2nd floor.... no bugs either! People were there cleaning up as soon as it happened, but if you had shoes etc under the sink in the bathroom that is where the drain is.... your stuff could get ruined.Our room was overbooked the first ngiht and we had our keys cleared off and another couple were trying to get into our room while we were there... luckily i am paranoid and had the chain on the door.... they were shocked as us, and we had to go to the lobby(5 minutewalk) and get our keys fixed and expalin... no big deal though, things happen!the weather was ok, it rained very very hard 2 different days and flooding did occur, the next day it was as if it never rained!We put on our bathing suits one night and grabbed the umbrella from our closet and put our clothes in a bad and walked to the lobby and ahcnged in the bathroom in time for our dinner reservation! Many did this, it was no problem, can't control the weather.The environment of the lobby,grounds and bars was exceptional..... the details were what made this place the nicest we have been to, the incense in the avenue bar candle holders and the scented candles in every bathroom along with flowers make each trip to the bathroom in a different area of the resort interesting! very clean.Have a great trip, as you can tell things did happen that were slightly disruptive but that is life I was on vacation and did not let little things bother us. i would recommend this Hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>pmelt99
<Content>Good vaca sandwiched in between two big problems My wife and I stayed here from the 13th through the 18th of April. We stayed at the Bahia Principe in May of 2006. When we finally arrived to the resort after 10 hours of travel (layover in Atlanta), the lobby was somewhat chaotic. Come to find out they did not have a room for us. Claiming the computers were down which allowed the hotel to overbook. Not talking a couple of rooms here. They overbooked by about 10%. We had booked two and a half months in advance of our arrival. They took us into a room only to find out that we were being sent to the Paradisus Punta Cana which was a melia property. They did not disclose to us exactly where this property was located. They made it seem like it was the Paradisus Palma Real next door. There were eight friends meeting us down there the next day so we thought this would be ok for a night. They stressed that when we returned the next day, we would be over-compensated in some way. Got in the taxi and he passed up the Palma Real. Driver said they had paid him to go to the Paradisus Punta Cana. We asked Donde Esta Paradisus Punta Cana? 20 minutes north. Long story short here, we returned the next day after feeling like we missed an entire day and there was no compensation except they gave us a VIP bracelet which turned out to get us nothing. No room upgrade, nothing in the room. All we wanted to do was enjoy the remainder of our short stay, so we basically let it go. The beach was fantastic. Water was relatively calm when compared to when we stayed last year at the Bahia. Food was better here than at the Bahia. Reservations were a joke for a large group. Mostly 10:00PM reservations. We were able to sneak a 7:30PM reservation in at the American grill. Which by they way, our entire group enjoyed the most, contrary to other reviews here. We also ate at the seafood (not bad; we were there for about three hours before we finished), Italian (ok as well) and the rest of the time was spent at the buffet, which we thought was pretty good for a buffet. Spent most of our nights at the lobby bar which was fun. Waitresses joked with us and bartenders came to recognize us. We tipped there just like we were here in the states and they certainly like that. On the occasions we did not tip, service level remained relatively the same. Casino was ok and much bigger than the one at the Bahia. Didn't play at all and those in our group that did, lost every night. Our last full day there it rained for basically the entire day. Kind of a bummer but we made the best of it. When we got back in the evening to get ready for dinner, there were multiple cracks in the ceiling and wouldn't you know it, our bed was soaking wet along with the floor and bathroom. Called X3000 and they said they would send a guy. 30 minutes later, no guy. Called again and they said we should personally go down to the lobby. We did this and they said they would have to send a guy. We pleaded that this was our last night and we would just like to switch rooms. Of course, their answer was, We don't really have any rooms left. They did option us the the Paradisus Punta Cana again and they really just set us off. Then miraculously, a room became available. This took about two and a half hours out of our last night there. In no way was there any compensation for we had gone through neither the first night there nor the leaky ceiling. We always had thought, this kind of stuff would never happen to us and then it became reality. So all in all a good vacation sandwiched in between a couple of major complaints. We are currently trying to contact the corporate office but we are not expecting a return call or e-mail of any sort if they run corporate like they do the Melia Caribe Tropical. If you return to the website where you booked your vacation and the hotel shows no availability, be cautious.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>VirginiaMom3
<Content>Honest Review from Mother travelling with 3 young kids We went to the Royal Service Melia Caribe with our 6, 4, and 1 year old for 7 nights. Just returned. Some good...some bad. Hopefully this review will save you some grief and some time as the hotel in ENORMOUS.TRAVEL: Our entry into the D.R. was fabulous. Quick and polite. We were at our hotel withing 45 min of our arrival. When we left..different story. We got to the airport 2 hours before our flight and needed every minute of it. We were in line most of the time. Luckily it was an overcast day so we didn't die of heat. HOTEL: Our entry in Royal Service was horrific. Let me say this..don't assume you have a reservation. We watched so many guests, like ourselves, arrive assuming we had our reservation and we didn't. There isn't any rhyme or reason or good explanation..they will just tell you they don't have it. We spent our first 4 hours at the hotel fighting and [--] and throwing our hands up. We were finally put in a small room (one kind bed for the 5 of us!) for one night. And...after telling Lucy, the Royal Service manager that we were now on a first name basis with, that there is no way in hell we could stay in that room for more that one night....the room that we THOUGHT we had booked suddenly became available the next day. We had friends arriving 3 days later so we THOUGHT we confirmed their reservation and saved them the grief that we went through but....on our friend's day of arrival they AGAIN did not have their reservation. It's really crazy...I've never seen anything like it. SO....again...we all fought and [--] and complained and they ended up having to go to another hotel for one night and come back the next day so that they could get the room that they THOUGHT they had inthe first place. It was alot of stress for a vacation. But...it got better...The hotel is ENORMOUS - which can be frustrating b/c it takes so long to get to places. There is a train that the kids love that runs around the hotel every 15minutes or so. It takes about 30 minutes to do the whole loop. If you do Royal Service there is a golf cart that will take you frmo your room to the beach and if you need a special lift somewhere else. The resort was too huge to walk around with my 3 young kids...and the cobblestone that they have running throughout if VERY bumpy...so, don't think you are going to stroll your little one to sleep while you walk around like I thought I would do!!! So..you must take the train with the little ones. It's too hot to walk as far as you need to walk to get places. THE ROOM. The Royal Service one bedroom master suite (the largest room they have) is gorgeous. My husband and I slept in the king bed, our 6 and 4 year old slept on the pull out couch and cot in the main living room and our baby slept in a crib in the space between the bathroom and the kind bed rom. It's hard to explain but..it worked great. There is a full fridge for baby food or whatever you can take from the buffets...and a microwave if you bug your butler to get one for you. THE FOOD You must do Royal Service. The Gabi restaurant is the best food there and you must be Royal Service to eat there. The breakfast is great...french toast, pancakes, fruit loops, fruit, made to order omelletes and smoothies. REally good. Lunch and dinner buffet is also great. I'm not a big red meat eater..but, I must admit the red meat dishes were terrific. Our kids ate mostly at the hut next to the royal service pool. Pizza, hot dogs, ice cream, fruit and popcorn. The hut also has good hanmburgers, fajitas (some days) and chicken. We only went to two of the restaurants. The japanese was great (men must wear close toed shoes) and the italiian was fine. Otherwise we ate at the Gabi - other guests told us not to bother venturing..so we didn't.OH...and nobody got sick on anything....I fed my one year old all the food (she doesn't eat baby food) and she was fine. We didn't brush our teeth with the water..used bottle water and of course, drank bottled water...but...no problems at all. THE POOL. The Royal Service pool is right next to the royal service rooms and it's beautiful. There are steps for the younger kids who need shallower water and there is also a baby pool. They have little hot tub like things in the middle of the pool---but they aren't hot!----that bubble up and the kids loved those. There are great tiki hut beds next to the pool that you MUST get up early and reserve. We went out every day at 6 am and put our towels out...and there would already be some reserved! It was great though..the kids would swim all morning, then have lunch and watch a movie on our portable dvd player in the hut while the adults hung out. THE BEACH. Beautiful.- but not close. Dont' expect to roll out of your Royal Service room and be at the beach. With 3 small kids we didn't make it to the beach as much as I would've liked b/c it was too far to just go for an hour here and an hour there. If you and your family can go there and set up for the day...it will be fine. But, we needed to come back for naps, cranky kids, sun breaks etc...so, it was too far away to do that. That is the only reason I would choose NOT to do Royal Service b/c if you aren't R.S. you can get a room closer to the beach. I love the beach..and I'm sad that I didn't get to spend more time there. We spent alot of our time at the pool. There is no difference between the Royal Service beach and the other except for a line in the sand. Again..you must get up early and reserve a hut if you want one. No beds at the beach..just lounge chairs. It's HOT. in April...so...make sure you do your best to cover up. My kids wore shirts and hats after the first hour or two in the sun. Reapply sunscreen whenever you can. We were told of two sunburn incidents during our week there that required hospitalization. I'm serious.KIDS STUFF. We didn't make it to the Flinstone camp although I heard good things about it. We did go to the kids show at night which is just a group of camp counselors getting up and singing and bringing the kids up to sing and dance and do a game. It's good fro 2 - maybe 6 year olds. Anyone older will be bored. The arcade is okay...not like a U.S. arcade but it has a fusball table, air hockey table, pool table and some playstation. OVERALL. We had a great week, after a few days we forgot the hassle of our arrival and settled in. Food was good, overall the service is not good but, you come to expect it and it's okay. WEather was perfect. But, can't say I would go back to this hotel. I personally would choose a smaller hotel with 3 kiddos to shlepp around. If you don't mind taking alot of time to get from here to there...this hotel will be fine for you. Try to speak some spanish..you will learn and they will appreciate it. ****ON last note. My 1 year old got sick while we were there and I had to go the clinic that is on the premises. It was clean and the ddoctor seemed pretty knowledgeable. He sent me to the hospital b/c I had an infant and he wanted me to see a pediatrician - which he is not. The hospital is clean and obviously set up for tourists who can afford to go there. Not a native in sight..except the doctors and nurses. My daughter had to get a chest x-ray and was given an antibiotic. Cost me $500 but...it was an overall good and safe experience. The royal service golf cart picked me up ...drove me directly to the clinic..and they they took me in a special car to the hospital. I then took a cab back to the hotel. I was nervous going to a different country with an infant for just this reason..but, it actually was okay. I had called my doctor friends in the US to confirm that what they gave me was okay..and it was all good. So...if you have ato visit the doc there....at least they have one and it was very professional.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	1	2	2	

<Author>honeybb777
<Content>Learn to use the safe       Map of the resort  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>guyCalgary
<Content>Will not return The resort was overbooked during our stay. Check-in was a nightmare. Booking a reservation in a la carte restaurant was possible but what we found was that booking activities at the resort and actually honoring a reservation are two different things. On more than one occasion members of our group made reservations for dinner or some other free resource (paddle boats, kayak, etc.) only to find, for one reason or another, our reservation would not be honored.Be prepared to tip to get any service let alone good service.I will never return!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>handy101055
<Content>Go Royal Service After waiting two months to see if all the gripes, complaints and or praises were true we finally experienced the Melia Caribe. I've been to eight Caribbean resorts in the past two years (Cancun, Riviera Maya, Jamiaca) and this ranks number one, but do upgrade to the Royal Service.Immigration and the tourist card is a brief nussance at the airport as you arrive. They didn't even glance at our passport or immigrationpaperwork. The taxi ride to the resort was quick and check in (RS) took less than five minutes from taxi to our room.The resort is immense! Being in the Royal Service we saw a lot of thesame people, however venturing out to the larger pools and buffets wefound that indeed there were hundreds of guests especially venturing out at night for dinner. The RS side is quiet with complete service by waiters who recall your face, name, likes, dislikes, etc. The one bedroom suite was very spacious and totally spotless. The toiletries were the only thing that didn't live up to the expecations we've cometo expect from a spa type resort. Dinner reservations were a breeze with the concierge service. Those who weren't RS had a difficult timegetting into restaurants of their choice (per conversations with non-RS guests). Liquor was top shelf although the Presidente beer is justso so.The reason we chose the Melia Caribe was for the beach and it didn't dissapoint. The sand is as I remember Cancun from 15 years ago, powdery white without so much as a pebble.The language barrier wasn't much of a problem and many of the waitersactually took pride in trying to teach guests their language.Breakfast buffets are a bit weak as compared to other Caribbean resorts, so we usually opted for made to order omlets. The house wineisn't French or even Californian, but flows freely. Then again this is a country that manufactures rum.......so do as the Roman's and drink their drinks.Bottom line.....spend the extra bucks and go RS, you'll be happy you did. On a scale of ten I give the Melia Caribe a 9.5 (which from me is outstanding!!!!)  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>darumba
<Content>Beautiful Resort/Detailed Review We stayed in RS villa #49. Room 4902. Pool view, ground level. We only saw 1 bug in our room but did have some little black gnat like insects flying around in the room. I HATE bugs but it was not to the point where it was bad. The little gnats don't bite, just fly around. And there weren't THAT many.Anyway, we would ONLY go RS again if we went back. We preferred the RS Gabi restaurant over the beach restaurants and the RS pool was much prettier and cleaner then the main pools. The buildings were prettier and the rooms were great. We had a 1 bedroom master suite. They also had jr. suites in these buildings which were much smaller than the Master suite but still had jacuzzi in them and separate bedroom. The resort is VERY big and we are used to and prefer large resorts but this was really big. Didn't bother us since whenever you would start to walk anywhere, a cart or the train would always come by and pick you up if you wanted a ride. That was never a problem. Towels were never a problem either at the beach or pool. I did get up every morning to reserve a palapa by the pool at 6ish in the morning. The RS beach area is beautiful too. We had nicer chairs then the regular side. Just another added specialty about the RS. We also had pillow menus each night and they say RS has a butler but we didn't have one, although Victor at check-in took GREAT care of us and got us anything we needed all week. One night he filled our jacuzzi and put all fresh flower petals around it and left us a nice note with a bottle of champagne. I believe he was a manager. He was wonderful to us. Also Liziana at check-in was good to us. And Jorge at the Beach bar was awesome. He would make us special drinks in a fresh coconut or pineapple. The people here are very friendly and most would go out of their way to make you feel special.Food was not very good at the beach buffets. We avoided those 2 restaurants. (Turey and Agora) The Gabi restaurant was very good for all meals. Our biggest complaint about the vacation would be the flies at the open air restaurants. They were REALLY bad. Specialty restaurants were very good. The only one we didn't like was the Italian. But the Japanese, Mai Maison, Le Gourmet, Mexican were all fantastic! Men can get in with shorts as long as they are nice shorts and have to wear close toed shoes. No need for long pants for men.They did not have the banana boat or the water bikes which we wanted to do, but there is a cool blowup slide down the beach to the right in the middle of all of the little shops. That was FUN! We also did sailing and kayaking. There was seaweed as others have said but would not keep us from going back. After all, it is the ocean and it's not like it was thick and they kept our beach very clean. I have to say, I think our beach/resort (besides the Paradisius next door) were the nicest in the area. We walked quite a ways in both directions and noticed that the other resorts did not look as nice as ours and their beaches weren't as clean as ours.They have all of the activities at the main pools not the RS pool. Not sure how much they had there since we didn't spend much time at those pools. I know they had water aerobics. On the beach they had volleyball and water balloon tosses and dancing and darts. Volleyball was pretty popular. They had soccer nets set up on the beach but never saw anybody playing. Some days they came around with monkeys, parrots, or a snake for pictures and there is somebody who also walks around pulling people to the side for general pictures. He is alot of fun. His picutres are 4 for 20.00 since they don't include the animals in them but the animal ones are 8.00 ea.We never had a problem making dinner reservations. There is somewhat of a language barrier if you don't know Spanish but they do try and AGAIN didn't let it bother us. They work long hours and are hard workers so tipping is definitely recommended. They really appreciate it.We had transportation paid for to and from the airport and used it on the way in but the driver took us all over the place and it took an hour to get to the Melia from the airport when it is only a 15 min. drive so on the way home, we took the cab and it was much better. Just a suggestion.This resort is absolutely beautiful and we had a wonderful stay. Our girls are 6 and 12 and loved it also. Would return some day but for now we want to try different islands.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>redir
<Content>Wedding at the Melia Caribe Tropical I was recently married at the Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana and we had a wonderful vacation/honeymoon/wedding. We went with a group of 50 and we all thought the resort was beautiful, the food was delicious and the drinks flowed freely. The wedding coordinator, Angelica, was absolutely wonderful. She has weddings down to a science and she made sure that we had the wedding of our dreams. My only complaint is with HFoto, I did not meet the photographer until I was walking down the aisle and did not get firm pricing until the day after the wedding. They charged me $10 per photo to be placed on a CD, this price did not include prints or an album. The photographer Jerry was excellent and took several wonderful pictures however; I wish I would have brought my own photographer (it would have been cheaper). The owner (Fabio) of HFoto was extremely rude to me on the phone and would not negiotiate price. HFoto is a subcontractor with the resort and share a hut on the beach with the towel stand, I recommend you stop by there prior to getting married and determine pricing if you plan to use them.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>nlyron
<Content>penalty for an overbooked hotel... who pays ? The guest Just to show that I am not a rookie at traveling I have to say that this was my 4th trip to the Dominican Republic and I have been traveling to other islands for about 10 years. Once we were settled in our rooms we had a great time and the rooms, service and grounds are spectacular. The problem came at the beginning. Our vacation was to run Friday 4/13 to Friday 4/20 but the hotel was overbooked and we lost a full frustrating day.  We booked the trip on 11/06/06 but 10 days before departure we were told the hotel was overbooked and we would have to spend the first day at another hotel. When airlines overbook there is always a penalty to be paid but the hotel said they would upgrade us to royal service but without a room upgrade. Then they put our room as far away from the royal service area as possible. This property is so huge that a train is needed to get anywhere. Our second problem came when we actually got to the hotel and our room was not ready. Buses were unloading and people were happily going to their rooms as we had to sit and wait till 5:30 PM before we got our room key. THEN when we took the train trip to our room we found the bed stripped and the maid washing the floor as though the previous guests had just left. It took 3 phone calls before I gave up trying to reach the front desk manager and one more call to the hotel manager who said he's get back to me. He did... at 6:30 PM and of course the room was ready then. He offered to move us closer to the royal service area but not till late the next day. Lose another day ? I don't think so. The next day we found a bottle of champaign (which I left for the maid) and a warm plate of cold cuts and cheese (no idea how long these had been sitting in the room while we were at the beach). Once we were settled we enjoyed the hotel but if airlines have to pay for overbooking who's going to make the hotel pay SOMETHING. An extra day or something like that wont work because you can't change vacation plans or air tickets but the hotel shoul be forced to do SOMETHING. I have included my entire story in emails to my travel agent (Liberty Travel), the tour company (TNT) and the hotel chain. Both TNT and Liberty Travel have contacted me and said they plan to follow up and get back to me. we'll see......  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Halifaxsuntan
<Content>Overall great place               More photos  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Jose_Bueno
<Content>Paradise We are just back from Melia Caribe Tropical and absolutely loved it. We went with another family and between us had 3 kids, 2 who were 18 and one 14. We opted for Royal Service and it was worth it. The expedited check-in process took all of about 5 minutes. The room we had was gorgeous, 1BR with jacuzzi, kitchen, dining room and living room. We were right accross from the pool which also was beautiful.Before booking I read a lot of reviews of this resort and, based on them, had some reservations about going here. However, after staying there, and we have traveled quite a bit, all I can say is that some people will complain about just about anything. Because if you dont like this place, you probably wont like anyplace. In fact, if you dont like this place please write a review and list for me places that are better, because I'd love to go there. This place is truly Paradise.Overall the food was way better than I expected. You have to understand that with all-inclusives, you are not going to be eating at gormet restaurants. But having said that, it would be impossible, with the 8 or 9 restaurants, not to find food you will like. There is sufficient variety at the buffets for breakfast and lunch that it does not get monotonous. We also never had any trouble getting dinner reservations(one of the advantages of Royal Service) and used our butler to do it for us.The beach was fantastic(Royal Service had its own private section) and you could walk for miles. There are a variety of places to shop in either direction from the hotel, although everybody seems to be selling the same stuff. The water was also fantastic. You could stay in the water all day. And yes, you mid-western corn farmers, there is seaweed in the ocean. Big deal, its not very much and some days there is none. There are plenty of activities at the resort and for those that you have to pay for, if you walk down the beach you can usually get them cheaper.The resort is large but we found the walking to be enjoyable. It helps to work off the food/drinks but there is transportation if you need it.Drinks were great, with plenty of top shelf liquors, and the bartenders were always willing to make them stronger if you asked. We found the service to be fine, maybe a little slower than in the US but no big deal.None of us spoke Spanish and it really was not an issue. The staff spoke enough English that we had no meaningful communication problems.We would definitely recommend this resort without hesitation and really could not find anything to complain about.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rdaveesh
<Content>Rough Start to an otherwise great Vacation My wife and I just got back from our week long honeymoon at the Melia. After reading a lot of reviews prior to our trip, I was a little concerned. However, I think people complain just for the sake of complaining. We got there at about noon on April 13th. We booked the Royal Service, which I will get into later. Upon arrival, we went to the private Royal Service check in to hear that our room was not ready yet. Not a big deal since it was noon and that is when check out is, so the maid service needs some time to clean the room. We were told to come back about 90 minutes later and our room was still not ready. We were told to enjoy the amenenties and come back in an hour. We were in our jeans and could not get to any other clothes in our luggage so it was very uncomfortable. An hour went by and I went back to check in, now the girl says come with me. You need to speak to the manager. Uh Oh, this can't be good and it wasn't. He told me that some of the online reservations got lost and they were booked for the night and had to send us to another resort about 15 minutes away. It was now 3:00 and we had to get back into a taxi and go to another resort and start the check in process again. We were not the only people that had this problem. So that is the bad.Now for the good. We woke up Saturday morning and checked out of the resort to return to the Melia. The hotel paid for our taxi rides and gave us our first night free. We checked into our Royal Service One Bedroom Master suite and it was beautiful. The Royal Service is the way to go and here is why. For one, there is a pool right outside of the Villas that is for Royal Service guests only. The private check in seems to go a little bit faster. There is a Restaurant also right outside of the Royal Service Villas. The only thing that was a little bit far away was the beach (8-10 minute walk) but there are golf carts driving around constantly to take you where ever you need to go. The food was ok, not great but it never is at an all inclusive resort . We ate the Gabi Lounge for most meals, which is the Royal Service restaurant. We did eat one night in the American Grill which was ok, but the service was a little slow. We also ate 2 meals at the Chinese restaurant which I liked.You need reservations for the a la carte restaurants, but with the Royal Service, it never seemed to be a problem. I called the day of and got reservations. I have read a few reviews that said the language barrier was very tough and the staff was not very friendly, I do not agree with this at all. Most of the staff did speak enough english to get what you need. And I thought that the staff was very friendly.Be careful if someone says did you get your welcoming package, this is usually someone trying to sell you a timeshare. I only had to ward them off twice. The one thing that I should mention is that if you want a little hut at the Royal Service pool, wake up very early and throw some towels on the chairs. We never had a problem getting lounge chairs, but the huts were tough to come by.Also, just to note, there isn't much of a night life. This wasn't a big deal for us because we throughly enjoyed laying around and relaxing and aren't much of the bar/club type. But if that's what you're looking for then this isn't the place to go. There are several bars in the resort where you can hang out but they are still pretty low key and relaxed.All that being said, this was a very relaxing vacation for us. We enjoyed the pool and the close proximity of all other amenities to the Royal Service.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>BeachRoamerWhitby
<Content>Easy to recommend this resort Our group (five of us: my girlfriend, her 15 year old son, her 23 year old daughter, and the daughter's boyfriend) stayed at the Melia from March 31st to April 7th. We had a great time. Thank you to others who have posted reviews as they were extremely helpful. First of all, the place is BIG, so bring some comfortable walking shoes. The trains are always running, so you don't have to walk, but we enjoyed the walks. Our rooms were in Building 40, which was close to the main Caribe lobby. We thought about moving closer to the beach, but found it was handy to be near the main buildings for dinners and nightly entertainment. We'd stroll down to the beach area for the entire day, including breakfast and lunch, and wouldn't return to the room until it was time to get ready for dinner anyway. And then it was only a short walk in our dinner clothes. We managed to have a la carte dinners every night, although making reservations was a chore - start calling ext. 6313 immediately at 9:00 p.m. to make reservations for the next day. There are phones all over the resort that you can use for this. If someone is already on the phone, ask them to pass it to you instead of hanging up when they are done! It might take you 20 minutes to get through otherwise..They reserve half of all the a la cartes for the Royal Service guests, so they get first pick. If you don't get what you want, grab something and call again at 2:00 p.m. the next day, this is when they release the reservations not used by the Royal Service groups. Getting a reservation between 7:00 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. is not easy if you're a group of five. We ate three times at the American Grill and it was great. We ate twice at the Dominican restaurant and it was good, but it was REAL slow - be patient and you'll enjoy it. The Japanese restaurant is the toughest to get in - we made it finally on our last night and it was very good. The beach was great, a bit weedy, but they kept cleaning it up - probably a result of the storms the week before we arrived (we had great weather each and every day - mostly sunny, few clouds, and windy to keep it from getting too hot). The pools were great too, we usually sat poolside in the late afternoon. No problem getting 4 or 5 chairs whenever we needed them. Staff are very courteous. The 15 year old played pick up beach volleyball for several hours every morning and afternoon. We did have a few problems in our room, but took it all in stride (shower, toilet, and one of our beds collapsed on one side as the legs folded under!) and had lots of fun. The grounds are beautifully landscaped and the buildings are well spread out so that you don't feel crowded at all. The activities staff are not overly enthusiastic, but there is always plenty to do. You can walk up and down the beach for several miles in either direction. A great place for families. If you are extremely concerned about having a la carte dinners at particular times it might be wise to opt for Royal Service.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>HappyFamilyMinnesota
<Content>Perfect Getaway We stayed at the Melia Royal Service the last week of March, traveling wtih our two children (8 and 5). Upon checkin, we had issues with our reservation being cancelled, but it was quickly rectified and we were given an upgraded room to make ammends. The room was beautiful, clean, and quiet although we had record rainfall and the roof was a bit leaky. The service was terrific, and our host Victor was second to none. The food was OK, but no one got sick and there were plenty of options. My kids are craving the hamburgers that we had at the Royal Service poolside, but we can't match the delicious taste here at home. It is a perfect place to take kids the age of our kids, we loved almost every minute of it, but did have two rainy days, which we hear is odd for that time of year. Do not do anything but Royal Service if you go - it is SO worth it. Also, I was very impressed by the workout facilities - typically resorts but a couple of broken machines in a room somewhere and call it a gym, but this resort has a bonafide workout facility with free weights and machines, and even a personal trainer. Don't miss out on this resort if you have kids, it is wonderful!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>VitDJ
<Content>Middle of the Road Upon arrival to Melia Cabri Tropical, we were pleased- very very clean, open resort. The language barrier is tough- not many on staff speak even broken English. The check-in process was terrible and the staff were not helpful at all- very lax.Our initial Villa (#20) was nice, but too far from the beach, so the following day we moved closer to the beach area (#33)- due to the size of the resort, it was a good 10 minute walk from Villa #20 to the pools/beach so we were happy to move BUT, our new Villa didn't have AC and while they assured us they were working on it, that never happened! As well, there were a few ants (maybe to be expected in such a tropical place) but overall, not the worst but not 5 star (maybe 3).The food (lunch/breakfast at the buffett) was good- they had it all, pizza-hamburgers-hot dogs-chicken-fries- and the list goes on. If you can't find something you like, you're too picky to be leaving your own kitchen. As well, the ala cart restaurants were good (make reservations the day of dinner, not the night before)- the American Grill was fantastic (the chix wings were awesome) but the French restaurant was bad- the lobster was terrible!!! but can't win them all, got try them out and find what you like. (the mexican was good too).The pool area was great- bartenders friendly; the drinks were good- beers beer! the mixed drinks were a bit sweet but it depends on the bartender. Great weather- friendley people- and the Spa was nice too (for adults, go to the pool next to the spa, it's quiet, not crowded and relaxing!)- Overall, a good trip! BUT don't fall prey to the time share nazis that try and get you to tour their Royal Service Hotel (2 hrs) and buy into it for......$32,0000!!!!! Thats right, for a mere $325.00/mth for 10yrs you can become a Royal Service member! Have Fun- bring lots of sun block and don't drink the water!!!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	1	2	2	

<Author>Caleyx2
<Content>A little less expensive: you get what you pay for The best thing about this resort is, as always in the Domincan Republic, the service. All of the employees are smiling and friendly. They will bend over backward to make you happy. This is true whether you tip or not, but a few bucks in tips put them into overdrive. I gave the waiters in the specialty restaurants $3/night, the server at the breakfast buffet $4 over the course of the week and two bartenders $3 each during the week. They couldn't do enough for me. I have been to enough places in the Caribbean where the employees were almost surly, so I appreciated this. The specialty restaurants were also a plus. There had to be 10-11 of them. We got to six of them and none was a disappointment. The best were Ma Maison and Le Gourmet. Ma Maison and The American Grill had a different house wine than the other restaurants; it was significantly better. (When I voiced my approval of it at the American Grill, the waiter left the bottle on the table.) One restaurant, Los Dos, isn't on the map or even mentioned anywhere. We happened to see it and stopped to ask about it. It is outdoor seating, for couples only, has live music and has a set menu (no choice), but the night we were there it had a lobster appetizer and and filet entree. The pools were large and the beach was great. The only thing is that you have to get there early to get palapas and the best locations; even though the beach and pool area were full, they are set up so that they don't feel crowded. Even at its busiest there was only a wait of a couple of minutes at the pool and swim-up bars.Negatives. The nightly shows were below average. We went once and that was enough. The resort is a little older. When it was built, it was probably top of the line, but newer resorts have surpassed it in amenites and beauty. The worst thing about the resort is that it should either be just a little smaller, or just a little bigger. We had a room half way between the lobby/restaurants and the beach/pool. We should have gotten a room closer to one or the other (probably the latter). They have a trolley system that runs about every 15 minutes. It was something of a hike for us to get to the trolley stop, then we had to wait for the trolley, sit on the trolley until it came to the stop we wanted and then we still had to walk to where we wanted to go. The Caribe and the Tropical are two separate resorts, but they share the trolley system, which runs clockwise in a big rectangle. If we wanted to go to the lobby or the restaurants, we had to ride down to the beaches and pools, back along the Tropical side to the Tropical lobby and finally to the Caribe lobby area. It was easier just to walk. Be warned, also, that the timeshare sales desk is strategically located so that you have to run the gauntlet of sales people. They are not as obnoxious as some time share sales forces can be (They take no for an answer.), but you will be hit up for their pitch periodically. The system for making specialty restaurant reservations was awkward, at best. You can begin making reservations at 9:00 P.M. the night before. So, to get good times, you had to be by a phone at nine and start calling. Of course you usually got a busy signal and had to keep redialing until you got through. One night we found ourselves in the lobby at 9:00 P.M. I could only laugh at the feeding frenzy at the house phones. A further problem was that the resort has a premium service (Royal Service, $40/day) and some portion of the prime reservations were set aside for these people. Their unused reservations were then released at 3:00 P.M. That was a second chance to make reservations, but most nights the result was that when we were eating, the restaurants were 1/3 to 1/2 empty.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>Bigravel88
<Content>Very honest review.       Beach view  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	5	-1	

<Author>Cherish29
<Content>If you don't like to walk, don't go here The hotel is a very clean place, the biggest problem was the walking and then there was trying to get reservations for the ala Carte restaurants...they tell you to phone between 9 pm and 11 pm for the next day, but most of the time they do not answer the phones, try calling at 2pm for the same evening worked alot better for us.When going on the flee market scene on the beach go to the green mall...they are alot more willing to barter then the first 4 or 5 stores. The flee market that happens on the resort is very expensive...not very good deals at all.All in all the resort was good the alcohol was not. The people you meet there from all over the world are awesome, But I won't be going back to this particular resort.Stacie  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>NewfoundlandPacman
<Content>Meila was excellent! Just got back from one week at the Melia Caribe from April 05 12, 2007 with Transat Holidays. We were a party of six (3 couples) between 30 and 40. Let me say first that reports of the walking distance between main lobby and pool/beach are greatly exaggerated! We were in building 38 and it was 2 minutes to the lobby and a 5 minute walk to the pool/beach area. There is a train service that runs constantly, but in my opinion you don't need it as it is quicker to walk.Also, this is really 2 resorts in one, there is the Caribe side and the Tropical side, they are virtually identical and run parallel to each other. You have access to the services of both.Check-in: this was extremely slow. We arrived with about 30 people from our flight and it took over an hour to get everyone checked in. We did not get the rooms we requested but this was really no big deal. Everything after check-in was excellent.Rooms: We did not get Royal Service but instead had the regular Deluxe Jr. Suite on second floor (I prefer this as it seems to cut down on the critters). These rooms were large and well equipped. Shampoo, body wash, lotion, soap, hair dryer in bathroom. Iron/ironing board, king size bed, extra pillows, coffee maker, alarm clock, tv, sitting area with couch and chairs.Maid Service: service was excellent, fridge restocked daily with lots of water, pop, coffee. We would normally leave a note and a couple of $$ every couple of days for the maid.Restaurants: Food was excellent, including the buffets. We ate at theTurey grill for breakfast and lunch, lots of selection. We ate at Capri (Mediterranean), Ma Maison (French), Gondola (Italian), Hokkaido (Japanese) and the American Grill. We liked the Capri best but all served excellent food. The only complaint is it can be difficult to get a reservation. You have to call between 9pm and 11pmthe night before for a reservation the next day. We would call from the house phones (6313) in the lobby at 9pm and never had a problem getting through. Bars: Avenue Bar was a cool place to hang out before/after dinner. Big comfortable chairs/couches and excellent wait staff to bring yourdrinks. The casino/sports bar is a decent size and also a good spot to hang out. Checked out the disco a couple of times but preferred the live music at the Tropical lobby bar which was every evening from 9:30 to 12:30am. BTY, the pool bar shuts down at 7pm. After thateverything happens at the front of the resort around the 2 main lobbies (caribe and tropical)Bars serve a limited selection of International brands but you have to ask for them; Bacardi rum, Absolut vodka, Balanties and J  B scotch, etc. The only beer is Presidente but its great to drink.Pools/Beach: Pool is quite large with plenty of palapas/chairs and trees for shade. Swimup bar was great, sometimes a little busy but never a real problem getting served (especially if tip a few $$). Beach was awesome, miles and miles of sand, water was clean and clear, some seaweed on windy days but not enough to be annoying. Theusual issues with palapas/huts; you need to be there early to get one. However, never any shortage of beach chairs.Golf: We golfed one day and pre-booked our tee-time directly through the golf courses website. This probably wasn't necessary as it wasn'tthat difficult to book times once you got there. There is a shuttle available to get you to/from the course (complimentary) and the course is in great shape. Golf carts are mandatory and cost $35/person.Shopping: There is a shopping mall (Palma Real) located directly adjacent to the resort, you can walk there in a few minutes by walking straight out the front entrance of the lobby. There is actually an entrance to the mall located on the resort itself. This mall is quite new so there only about 15 shops and a few restaurants open right now. There is a Tony Roma's open and they are currently building a Hard Rock Cafe.Overall, I would recommend this resort, it lived up to its 4.5 star rating. Grounds were beautiful and well maintained.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>BayridgeBrooklyn
<Content>Royal Service The Only Way To Go We went to this resort with our three kids (2,7,8). This was our second time in the Dominican Republic. This resort was huge, but very clean. The ROYAL SERVICE was worth every penny. The Royal Service had it's own Restauraunt, Pool  Beach  Room Service. The room was beautiful and very clean. We were in Villa 49 and on the second floor. We had a great view of the pool  restaurant. The food at the Royal Service Restaurant was great and the drinks were top shelf. Even the wine was good. Tipping gets you everything. Try to go with the same waiter or waitress, they remember who tips them. A few dollars gets you great service. We spent another $200 in tips. But it gave us the best in service. We went to the other side for the kids club. Great activities for the kids. Even at night they have a game room which you can leave the kids. You can also pay for a sitter to come to your room.When we went to other side we could not believe the difference from the Royal Service. Our lounge chairs, huts  pool were so much better and not as crowded. The restaurants were good but needed a reservation. They will not let you in with out one. Call after 12pm for the next day reservation. The Italian was not good. The American Grill, Chinese  French were great. But every night we would finish the night at the Royal Service Restaurant. No reservation needed. We would definitely go back next year.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>likestotravelNewYork
<Content>Some of the good, Some of the bad We just returned from our trip yesterday and wanted to write before I forgot. It is helpful to have some opinions of others. Our stay in the DR was average. The weather was just perfect, with a constant light breeze. Not a drop of rain! First of all if you are with kids, it becomes difficult. There are alot of families, so very kid friendly. So big that you or the kids could become lost just going to the bathroom. Forget about it if you have to leave the beach for a drink, your not coming back for awhile. We stayed in Royal Service, worth the money. Can't imagine the service without it. The service is the worst that we have every experienced. The language barrier is terrible. If you don't speak Spanish, your in trouble. It is not a requirement to speak English or another language. Nobody ever has a smile on their face, it was if you were a bother to them. We ate breakfast in the same place every morning, and everyday it took 30 minutes just for a cup of coffee. If you wanted something, you needed to get it yourself. (That was with Royal Service) Don't wear anything but flats, walking off your food is no problem. All you did was walk. They had a tram, but between the fumes in your face and the pace of about 1 mile an hour, you were better off walking. So all that food and drinking, not one pound of weight on. Over all I will not go to the DR again, definitely not the Melia Caribe. Depending on your standards is how I recommend this resort. High standards don't even consider. I am not bitter about my trip, just disappointed in the resort.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	1	2	

<Author>Skiffington
<Content>Beautiful place but very big We stayed in the RS section of this hotel for two weeks at the beginning of April. We travelled there with our 4 year old son. The rooms are beautiful - we stayed in an RS master suite. Separate bedroom, kitchen, dining area, pull-out couch, king size bed, jacuzzi tub. Our butler/conceirge (Edward) showed us to our room, brought up our luggage, we paid him $25 US hoping that if we took care of him that he'd take care of us - well we never saw him again. We did call him to arrange dinner reservations, golf reservations, spa reservations, etc. however we had to leave messages and he never got in touch with us. We ended up doing everything ourselves. The butler/conceirge aspect that they market is quite over-rated.We chose this resort in part because of the kids facilities - climbing wall, trampolines, jungle gym, etc. however we didn't get the opportunity to use them. As our son is 4, he was not old enough to do a lot of the activities. We did go to the kids club one day for an hour just to hang out and play with the kids but there were so many mosquitos there in the morning that we left. Bring bug spray.The resort is huge to say the least. While we had stayed in big resorts before (there are 1100 rooms), we thought we were prepared but this property is quite spread out. There are lots of pathways and it's easy to get lost. Big resort brings lots of dining options, pool options, etc. but be prepared to walk in the heat. The resort is separated into 2 sections (Caribe  Tropical). The restaurants are in one sort of walkway at the entrance which is linked up by the two lobbies. The buildings are spread out over many acres and the beach is at the other end. The RS section is off to the side. It is nicely secluded and great if you plan on staying put.Food - The food at the RS section (Gabi Club) is really, really good. Breakfast and lunch is buffet and dinner is buffet plus a la carte. Rib eye, lobster, stuffed chicken breast, duck, etc. Lots of seafood but lots of other options as well (for both adults and children). The other end of the food saga - dinner reservations. We booked into the RS section so we would receive the benefits of not having to call the dinner reservation line with the rest of the 1100+ rooms in the hotel. We couldn't get dinner reservations some nights and other times we were told we had reservations and when we got to the restaurant, well we didn't. Not too big of a deal because we always had the Gabi Club to fall back on but if this sort of thing happens to the RS people imagine how the rest of the regular folks felt when this happened to them. Pools  beach - There are many pools throughout the complex. We stayed at the RS pool most of the time - nice size pool - not too much of a shallow end other than seats along one side so if your child can't swim - bring water wings! There is a small children's pool there which is knee deep. Getting an umbrella at the pool or a cabana is a huge ordeal - the hotel really needs to improve where this is concerned. We would set our alarm (on vacation) and go down and put our towels on a couple of seats and an umbrella at 6:00am every morning to ensure we got one! Crazy! We did venture over to the pool at the Tropical side of the hotel where the kids club is but it's a walk from the RS side and can be very busy.Overall, the complex is beautiful. Lots of greenery, wildlife, sand and surf. The language barrier can sometimes be an issue, especially when you need something. Being from Vancouver, it's a really long day of travelling (2 days - there and back). While we enjoyed our stay there, 7 days really would have been enough. Was it worth the extra $200 a day to stay in RS - I don't think so.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	3	4	4	3	2	

<Author>ZeeViewTennis
<Content>The Good, The Bad and The Seaweed My husband, myself and my 17 year old daughter were here Easter school break, April 2nd to the 8th in Royal Service. We flew out of JFK in New York, with not a seat to spare on the plane. Let me first say that we have stayed at the Riu Palace Macao, Bahia Principe and the Riu Palace Punta Cana, so I have something to compare this property to.This will be our last trip to Punta Cana over any school holiday since my daughter will enter college this fall. This is one week thatis so busy down there, too many travelers with kids so if you are a couple and contemplating Punta Cana, stay away during Easter/Passover holiday.Royal Service was very nice. One of the employees told my husband that the RS villas were built when the Paradisus Palma Real was builtwhich his literally right next door. The beach for the RS Melia Caribe and the beach for the Palma Real is separated by only a rope. You can wonder over to the Palma Real and take a look. We wouldlove to stay there sometime. ROOMS: We booked what is called a Master Royal suite but I have to say that you can take a basic room at the Bahia Principe, cut it in half, put up a privacy wall and then you have the same size room as this suite. The bathroom was tiny, with one sink, a big a.. jacuzzi (does anyone really use these things?) and a stall shower. There was another sink across the hall where my daughter setup. There was really no place to put your luggage (I keep most of my clothes in my suitcase) so my suitcases were next to my bed. The place felt a little cramped, so the next day my husband upgraded to what they call a One Bedroom Master Suite in the same villa. What a difference!It had a small kitchen, refrigerator, small dining room, nice sized living room with sofa bed, a nice sized bedroom, and 2 bathrooms so we had a total of 3 sinks. There were 2 flat screen TVs on the wall as well. I was not able to catch American Idol on Fox down here, but they did have ESPN and my husband was able to see some of the Masters. It made the stay more enjoyable especially when you have a teenage daughter with all her stuff.BEACH: Now, you have to understand that the beaches further north in Punta Cana to me, are nicer and wider with no seaweed whatsoever. Before everyone tells me that seaweed can't be helped, there is seaweed and then there is seaweed. I have a certain expectation of the beaches in PC because of my prior trips. I love to stand on the sand and have the water hit my feet. At the Melia, there was nothing but seaweed the entire length of the beach. I was so upset that I got my travel agent on the phone and told her to get me out of here. She tried to get us in the Riu Palace or the Bahia Principe, but everything was booked. I'm not a complainer, but gee wiz, for what I was paying, I didn't want seaweed the entire length of the beach. It was disgusting. Like a miracle, by Thursday the entire beach/shore line was cleaned up. They must have brought trucks in orsomething. It was much nicer and what a pleasant surprise. The RS area on the beach itself was lovely but they did not have enough huts for shade until early afternoon when some opened up when people left. There are no low lying palm trees here either, like up at the Riu or Bahia. At those properties, you can find a little nook and place your lounger and you have shade and you don't even need a hut. I love those low lying palm trees on the beach, but not here at the Melia. There were none to be found. The service at the beach was attentive and english was spoken enough to be understood.Understand that if you don't get a tram ride to the RS beach from your villa, it is a small hike'. My daughter and I did walk it every day because it was good exercise. It will take you a good 5-7 minutes to walk it but if you have any type of physical condition which prohibits a lot of walking, you won't be able to do it at all. FOOD:The RS villas are in one section. I think they start at Villa No. 46 all the way up to Villa No. 53 or 54, I can't remember. The Gabi pool, bar and restaurant, for RS customers only, is across from the RS villas. We ate dinner there every night and by far, this was the best food we have ever had in the Dominican Republic. We made reservations one night in the Japanese restaurant, but my husband could not take all the young kids running around, so we went back to Gabi. You do not have to make reservations at all at the Gabi Rest. for dinner. The service was fantastic and the manager of the restaurant, Marcel, was there every morning and every evening. Breakfast was good as well. They carried brand name liquor which thrilled my husband so he could have his Beefeeter on the rocks before dinner. The bar drinks were great as well. The place is very nice and we were impressed quite a bit. My husband loved it here - the best he has had in PC.LUNCH: We ate lunch every day in one the buffets near the beach/pool.The food was pretty good here as well. This is just my opinion - the food for breakfast and lunch is basically the same in all these resorts that we have stayed in. You can always get pizza, pasta, makesandwiches, there are salads, several types of veggies cooked severalways, some type of fish, different types of meats (lamb, chicken, beef or pork). I have no problem with any of it. In fact, I have always liked the food down here. I feel like I always overeat! SERVICE AND EMPLOYEES: What can you say about the Dominican people? Some of the nicest, hardest working people I have ever met. Servicewas wonderful and we never came across any language problems. We tipped and tipped more, but that's just us. BASIC OVERVIEW:This place is too big for me and I would never stay here again even in Royal Service. I tell everyone that the Bahia Principe is big, but the Bahia has one main road and the tram is constantly running back and forth. All the villas and specialty restaurants are off this one main road. At the Melia, it is so confusing, that one night my daughter and I got on the tram and took a ride and we didn't know where the hell we were. The lobby looks a little run down. The lobby at the Riu Palace Punta Cana and the 2 lobbies at the Bahia are beautiful and they sparkle.We always have a good time down here. There were lots of people traveling this time of year and the airport was very busy when we came home. You have to get their early enough to make it through the lines. We always take a cab to the hotel and then back to the airport. Saves time and aggravation.I still love the Riu Palace Punta Cana and the Bahia Principe. RoyalService was wonderful and again, my husband loved it here, but I willnot go back just because the property is way too big for me, and I like the beaches better up near the Riu and Bahia (with the Iberostars and the Majestic Colonial in the same neighborhood).Hope this helps.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ladyssecret
<Content>The Royal Service is WONDERFUL! We just returned from 6 days in the Royal Service. We used Tripadvisor reviews to prepare for our trip, so I wanted to make sure that we entered one as well.Royal Service is SO worth it! The resort itself is very big, but being tucked away in RS is fantastic. We would not have stayed at the Caribe or Tropical sections. RS has its own air conditioned check in. We had one of the Master Suites in building 52 - closest to the beach. The room suited us perfectly. Our two kids, ages 5 and 8, slept on the pull out couch and a roll away bed. They had their own tv, with Disney channel and Cartoon network for the little amount of time we spent in the room. They also loved the huge tub. My husband and I could use the shower while they were in the tub. We had brought some food with us which went right into the full sized fridge and cabinets in the kitchen area. We had as many drinks as needed in our fridge - just leave the maid a note. BUTLER - a big waste - unless you have really specific demands or requirements, no point in tipping him too much. As other reviewers said, we tipped big on arrival and then were totally forgotten about. We asked his help on one thing, relied on him and he didn't do it.OTHER STAFF - we followed the other reviews and brought $100 in singles and then a stack of $5s. The staff is great anyway - tireless and cheerful, please tip them. Our kids were at the pool side snack shack all day - give the guy a $5. He makes whatever you want. Also the guy who drives the tram down to the beach - he was just lovely.POOL SIDE PALAPAS - my husband got up each morning at 5:45am to run down and stake one out. They are great to have especially if anyone has sunburn issues. If you don't get one there are plenty of chairs by the pool at all times, but you might need to manuever for shade. BEACH - gorgeous. Rarely crowded - if you want a shady spot head down after lunch. Bar is right there and he has towels too. Towels were never an issue.FOOD - we have been to several DR resorts and I found the food weird. The food here was fine, both at the Gabi Royal Service buffet, the snack shack and at the restuarants. We went to the American, the Italian, and the Mexican. Book your dining a day in advance through Royal Service and you will get what you want, especially if you are used to NYC dining times like we are (eg. dinner at 8pm). We never used the room service.TRANSPORTATION - give yourself a few minutes - the tram to the beach runs all the time. If you need to go over to the main resort (no need except for dining and getting braids or tatoos for the kids) you can call and a golf cart will get you. Just takes some time for them to arrive.OBSTACLE COURSE - our 8 year old did the obstacle course, but got a bit unsure. Our 5 year old was too short. It was safe and well run - it is $10. CASINO - my husband went several times. The dealers are sour faced but the games are fair.We never left the resort. We found the entire vacation to be relaxing. You must avoid the time share sellers at all costs. They can be oppressive if you give them an opening. We didn't. They seem to stick to those in the Caribe or Tropical sections of the resort.We liked the RS because is offered a smaller type setting with less craziness - we just want to relax with our kids. We are not all about joining a bingo game or wet tshirt contest or having salsa music blaring at all times. RS let us do what we wanted to do. The weather was gorgeous. We enjoyed the kids, each other and the beautiful DR. Remember, if you leave anything on the last day for the maid, leave her a note for the resort saying you left it for her, so they won't think she stole it. Tip everyone regularly except the butler, and have a great time!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>willyd7876
<Content>Don't worry about reviews.....Enjoy! We just completed a week long stay at the melia caribe and our group of 9 would go back again in a heartbeat!Some of the facts.The place is huge! Biggest resort I've seen in terms of space. Those who are not physically fit definitely will need the shuttles to get around. Those who are can walk but is not without some effort. Ignore those who tell you it takes an hour. But it does take a few minutes and the place can be moderately confusing until you figure out where everything is. Our room was situated in bldg 7 which was about a 2 minute walk to the tropical pool/beach and probably about a 10 minute walk to the tropical main area and about 12-14 minutes to the caribe main lobby area. These two areas house most of the restaurants, casino and evening entertainment opportunities. The grounds are simply exquisite. Hugely maintained and nothing is out of place. Not a person we talked with was anything but impressed with the look of the facility.We did not do royal service and frankly I don't think I'd recommend it. The royal service buildings are the farthest from the main pools and beach which I see as the primary reasons for going. We had three rooms total and did have some minor things but got helpful service when checking in and were able to secure 3 units in the same building without any issues during a week of very high occupancy. I will say that one room had a/c that was not great and we killed a roach or two on the ground floor room. This might be the only negatives that I'd have about the place as a whole. However, the staff kept the rooms impeccably clean and made up. No smell like some bloggers hint at nor mold or any of that. Watch the quirky things like the room key that is needed to be inserted in a special slot to keep the electricity activated and the a/c goes off automatically when the doors open to your porch. One other key item. The double beds are tiny! More like oversize single beds. If you have 4 adults in one room or even two large children you'll be pushing your luck in two doubles. Get a room with a king bed and have the staff put two extra small single beds and work with that. The food was very acceptable. Nothing is for everyone but we had finicky kids and finicky adults and everyone ate happily every day. Buffets are what they are and some things you will cast aside. Breakfast was very good. Everything you would want and made fresh to order if you want it. Lunch had good possibilities and there was tasty grilled foods available every day in addition to the standard buffet fare. Dinner has many possibilities and we did not even come close to doing all in a week. Getting dinner reservations is tricky. You must call when they tell you to, and get lucky if you wish a prime time spot at any of the sit down restaurants. If you enjoy eating at either 6pm (early) or 9pm or later than you will have your pick of eateries but many places were booked solidly until 8pm and you simply get told that nothing is available. Try and get to a sit down restaurant in the evenings as the humidity can be high and the buffets are open and can be uncomfortable in the heat. The dinner foods we experienced including the Dominican and American grill were excellent with good service. The evening buffets are workable and again you find what you need to in order to have a decent meal. As a second all-inclusive experience to the Moon Palace Resort in Cancun, the food was far superior to that and had more variety.The pools and beach are simply wonderful. The beach is terrific. I am an avid beach goer and this is a truly spectacular beach. The seaweed.....not a problem. There is like 5 feet at most that you navigate near shoreline and then it is crystal clear magnificent water with views and calm conditions due to the offshore reef that cuts down the waves. The seaweed itself is aggressively cleaned out each morning and in front of the melia resorts including the palma real next door was actually non-existent for the last 3 days of our stay. Simply clear striding into magnificent waters. Past the resorts the seaweed is thicker and less maintained but in my opinion is barely a distraction to overall a world best beach. The pools are beautiful and clean. Nice swim up bars with very friendly staff. There are plenty of chairs both beach and poolside but if you expect a good location to place your towels then show up before 9am and set up shop. The resort is very large and basically I saw most or all chairs occupied by late morning or certainly lunchtime.We had children along and this is a great resort for kids. If you are looking for a serene 'adults only' type of experience I might stay away from here but this facility is ideal for a family stay. The kids club is not really critical unless you want some time alone but it is there and the supervision was excellent with many planned activities. If yours are beyond toddling as mine are they will love the freedoms of this place. There is good childrens entertainment at night including a very energetic kids dance club (loud!!) as well as a gaming center with ps2, etc plus shows and entertainment moving throughout the open areas. There is decent American TV available in the rooms including espn and cartoon channel so should it rain, there is something to get you through an hour or two. Simply A+++ for kids and family.The golf course is there and we didn't do it but heard nothing but good things from those that did. Stay a week and you get some free golf with cart fee only if you bring clubs. Everyone raved but even though I'm a golfer I had absolutely no interest in leaving the beauty and fun of the beach and pools during the day. There were some tours going to various destinations of which we did none and heard mixed reviews from those that did. I think that is nature of tours. Hit or miss but scuba and snorkeling excursions leaving from the beach were crowded every day for what is worth. I would definitely avoid those that are not sponsored by the hotel directly. Other adult entertainment was available throughout the day. There were dance lessons, water aerobics, dart games, contests, etc during the day. At night there were shows on some nights and the lobby and bar areas were packed with happy goers and live entertainment every night. The casino was smallish but pleasant. Low table minimums and I found the staff to be friendly and far less robotic than a vegas staff. You'll enjoy it but it does fill up fast in the evenings and not open during the day. Plenty of boozing stations and good selection of liquor and friendly staff. Presidente beer is only option but is tasty and relatively American in flavor. The things that they need to do better...... 1) Drink service by staff both at beach and pool areas. It is not fun to stroll all the way from the beach to the swim up pool bar each time you want a drink. 2) More food available beachside/poolside. Saves walking a bit to the buffets but a minor inconvenience at most. 3) Upgrade the rooms a little and do everything humanly possible to keep the bugs out of sight.Overall this place is amazing. Incredibly beautiful facility on an extraordinary beach with glorious views. Great pools, decent enough food, great for kids. Rooms are ok and possibly the only thing that isn't what I would rate as excellent. I'll grade them as fair to above average but if you are like me you'll spend so little time in them you won't notice anyway. We had spectacular weather which I personally think is the driving force behind most reviews. Those who don't get it find everything wrong with a facility. We had 7 days of the prettiest warm sun you could imagine with a nice breeze and manageable humidity levels. Speak a little spanish if you can and tip or two doesn't hurt. Regardless of that, this place will produce a vacation that will grade out well. Everyone has their own opinion and experiences but if I could afford it every year, I would go back every year without hesitation. Melia has it right with the Dominican Republic and this resort. Don't let any blog scare you. There is absolutely nothing about this place that isn't likable and we had a wonderful experience and will go back as soon as we can!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>StamfordCtClau
<Content>If you don't have kids search for another option! I've just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical yesterday. Overall it was fun but the hotel IT'S TOO BIG! so be careful and bring flat shoes NO HIGH HEELS you will regret it. We stayed at the Caribe side very close to the beach, the room was nice but nothing fancy. The beach is beautiful so I recommend you (if you don't have kids) to stay away from the pool, it's too crowded and FULL OF CHILDREN running around. The food is good but the best thing of all it's the people that work there, everyone is happy and helpful. Avoid the sales people from the vacation club they are a pain.The best thing to do after dinner is to go to the Tropical side have some drinks and dance. There's a guy name Cafe that sings every night it's fun! the bartenders at the Lobby bar are really nice especially Felix and you can also dance with the guys that work there.For the dinner reservations call in advance and don't miss CAPRI it's the best of all the restaurants.Main facts:If you have children and are looking for a nice place to go this is the right choice.If you are a young couple looking for relaxation and NO KIDS try something else (secrets, etc)If you are a group of young people looking to party go to Cancun!Good luck!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>lexiroller
<Content>Fabulous Hotel!!!!!       Beach at Melia Caribe Tropical  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2TravelNutz
<Content>Overall nice resort... I went with my fianc茅, just the two of us for a relaxing vacation. Over all this resort was very nice. The grounds were kept very beautiful. The beach was well kept, although with some seaweed in the way. **The main issue we had was the time-share agents. I think they were being paid on commission; they simply would not leave us alone. This one guy would show up everywhere we went in the resort. Even the beach!! We found this to be the main issue, because we came there with the intentions of relaxation and unwinding from the stresses of NYC. I even had to call the guy a stalker because I felt he was. We tried to be nice at first and explain that we were not interested in buying or looking at the time-share properties. They made it seem like it was a necessity to set up this appointment to see it. Anyway, the resort restaurants where very good. The seafood dinner happened to be our favorite. We did find a restaurant called the Los Dos, which wasn't listed as a dinner restaurant. It is for couples only, a very nice outside area, close to the Dominican restaurant. They had a very good Lobster appetizer. The buffets were pretty good, variety. Lots of flies so I became picky about what I chose, they should have more nets or covers over the food because of this problem. I tried to get things as they were placing them out, to ensure the food was ok to eat. The set up with the three trains was a cute and good idea, however a couple of times we had to walk to our destination because of the trains breaking down. Hint sit in the back because of the smell of the train, really bad! Cute Flintstones characters, I got a pic with Fred! Cute for the kids. They staff was generally friendly and tried their best to speak English for us. The room was well kept, very pretty. You may want to bring your own pillow, the offer very little pillows for a king sized bed!We would go back to this resort, as long as the price was good, but it is not our first choice. We have been to D.R. once before, and the beaches are always nice and the grounds are always very well kept. They keep lots of landscapes and natural trees, which is nice for a resort.Contact me if you want pics or info. Thanks.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>summersky
<Content>Beautiful Hotel but there were some cons Hi, I posted this on the forums page and am repeating it here.I won't be online too much this weekend, but if you have questions, I'll answer when I can. I will be online more on Monday. I did not stay in the Royal Service Area.Pros: - beautiful resort, clean, manicured grounds, peacocks and pink flamingos roaming around, good food, beautiful beach, good music in the lobby bars in the evenings.- most beautiful and big pools I've ever seen. The first day, with the Flinstone village, etc. right there, the kids were kind of getting on our nerves. The second day, we found out there was another pool just 2 minutes away, just as beautiful and big without the amenities for the kids, although there were still a lot of kids around it.Cons: - a great place if you have kids, but if not, I hope you like them because there are lots! (I love kids, but a lot of couples were complaining about all the noise they make. Also some parents were letting tots swim naked which to me is a health hazard in case they urinate or defecate.)- the shows are cheesy (I think the kids enjoyed their shows)- hotel staff were not helpful when my money was stolen. I had stupidly left my little purse on the train because I was changing the batteries in my camera. I realized what I had done within 10 minutes of doing it and went to a guest services desk. She paged the head of security, who paged the train drivers. I had my purse back within 20 minutes, empty (it was the last night so I didn't have a lot of cash in it; there was nothing else in the bag except my lipstick which was still there). I was told I could get US dollars on my credit card from the bank the following morning at 9. That's when the helpfulness ended. The next morning, the bank was closed for Good Friday. My tour operator nor guest services was helpful, and they both kept sending me back to each other for assistance. I could have withdrawn pesos from the ATM, but I chose just to go broke for the rest of the day. Down side was that I wasn't able to tip some very good staff on our last day there.- The resort is massive. There is a train that takes you where you want to go, but it's a pain if your room is near the pool or beach and you have to 'pop over' to the front desk for something as it turns out to be an hour's journey. - After 24 hours of complete confusion, we found out there are TWO lobbies, one on the Carib side and one on the Tropical, although they are less than a 5 minute walk apart. They look almost the same. You have to remember what lobby what you're looking for is in.- stay away from the guys in the white golf shirts with name tags that say 'concierge'. They will try to nail you to attend a time share presentation and are very persistent. After we were approached once we were onto them, but it was annoying to have at least 3 guys approach you as you entered and left the buffet restaurants or waited for the train.- both the Bavaro Runners tour and the snorkeling trip we booked got screwed up. I paid $160 for us to go on the BR tour on Tuesday. Monday evening at 6, we were called by the guy in the lobby we booked through that it was all booked up. As we booked it two days in advance, there was no excuse for this. It was his fault as he had just faxed our paperwork that day at 2 p.m. He said we could go on Monster Trucks instead, so we took the train all the way to the lobby to exchange the paperwork. When we got there, he said that was all booked up too. I had to walk away. My hubby worked it out and we went on the Runners tour on Thursday (it was great). On Monday morning, when walking down the beach, the watersports guys at the Paradisius started talking to us to sell us a tour. We ended up booking the $27 2-hour snorkeling tour for Wednesday. We went there Wednesday, gave him our paper, and stood for 40 minutes amongst a lot of confusion, waiting for instructions. The guy finally handed my paper back and said they were full. Well, I completely lost it and started yelling (and crying actually) as this was the last day--we were going on the Runners on Thursday, and home on Friday. Hubby came over and started arguing too. I demanded the manager, and then his boss. The big boss wouldn't show his face, but to prevent a long story from becoming any longer, a catamaran came and took the 2 of us snorkeling. It wasn't worth it--the snorkeling sucked.We ate at the following a la carte restaurants: French, Seafood, Dominican, Japanese, and Los Dos, an unadvertised 'table for two' romantic restaurant. They were all really good, the food impeccably presented and served, although in a couple of them I didn't really like the particular meal I ordered.If you have children, stay in buildings 1 to 10, which are on the Tropical side, as they are close to the Flintstones village and pool. We were in building 12, which is still on the Tropical side, but not near the kids' amenities. We were very close to the Carib side. Looks-wise both sides are exactly the same, so it doesn't matter where you stay.The Bavaro Runners tour was a lot of fun, especially because we had a lot of Newfies on the tour. Friendliest people in Canada!The snorkeling trip I wouldn't recommend. The water was cloudy and there wasn't a great variety of fish.My hubby and I are in our early 50s but are very active. I didn't see a lot of singles there. I think I wouldn't recommend it for singles because there is not a lot of action at night. The 'fun pub' which is really a disco, has high-tech lighting, and loud throbbing music. We went every night for one drink, but there didn't seem to be a lot of people there. Maybe they were going off the resort, but to where I wouldn't know.I saw 2 or 3 gay couples there but I didn't see any amenities specifically for gays and lesbians. There is an Avenue Bar that seemed a little more cosmopolitan than the 2 lobby bars. Friends told us there were a couple of scantily-clad cowboys in there dancing one night. Sorry I missed it!!Again, the most beautiful resort I've ever stayed at, but this type of holiday is not really for me. I crave more adventure, and would like to be able to rent a scooter or car and just take off, but you can't do that here because of the bad roads, and even worse, a high percentage of native drunk drivers.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>cb6772
<Content>Fantastic Place We just returned from wonderful 7 night vacation to Melia Caribe Tropical. We had two families totaling 8 people. We had four adults and four boys (10, 11, 13  14). Before we left we read a variety of reviews and were a little nervousabout some of them. Wow, am I glad I didn't listen to them. Not one of the bad things that were written about, happened to us. Check-in was a breeze and we were given our rooms right away. Our luggage followed within 5 minutes. Sure you have to tip everytime you turn around, but that stops once you are in your rooms. Out of the many all inclusive resorts we have been to (and there have been many), this was by far the best. The employees there are so friendly and helpful and are everywhere. The rooms are very clean and always looked wonderful when you came back after a day at the beach. The bathrooms had flowers and the beds were often turned down. The timeshare sales staff is very very aggressive. Once we made it clear we that we weren't interested, and were not going to buy, they left us alone. We opted to not go the Royal Service route and I am also glad we madethat choice. For us, it would have been a waste of money. The only time I think it would be of a benefit is if you plan to use the internet very often. They have access but it is up in the lobbys so it isn't overly convenient. The RS has access in their area. We didn't have too much difficulty making reservations and the one evening we were unable to we ate at the buffet. For an all inclusive resort, the buffet was fine. No one should go to an all inclusive, ifthey are going to complain about buffet food. The pool is wonderful but you do need to make sure and get there relatively early to get chairs if you are particular where you sit. We never had problems getting a towel. We were there when it was soldout but never felt like we were crowded. The resort is big, but to usthat was not an issue. We were in building 5 which we felt was a perfect location. The train operates often and is an easy way to get around. You are close to the beach, pool and dining. Our boys were so tired from playing all day that they didn't use the teen disco, so I can't comment on it. We used the casino every night and even tho it was small, we really enjoyed ourselves. We only played blackjack and over the course of a week, we all ended up winning something. The boys did the obstacle course and bungy type ofride which was an additional cost but not much and well worth it!We did the banana boat and the boys got henna tattos. We found that if you walked off the resort for these things they were a little cheaper. The only negative thing we would have to say about our trip was something that was unrelated to the resort itself. We booked an all day scuba/snorkeling trip to Catalina through Scuba Caribe. We were disappointed as they told us the bus ride was an hour and it was 2 1/2 hours! They were very unorganized and didn't give any instructions to people on the boat and worst of all didn't have enough equipment for everyone that was on the boat. I didn't even get to snorkel. They didn't offer any of the kids on the boat life jackets and the first place we stopped was so rough that it was almost impossible to snorkel because of the waves. Luckily for us, our boys are very experienced snorkelers, but even for them, it was a struggle. When we finally got to Catalina, it was very nice and the beach and snorkeling were good.It was one of the nicest vacations we have been on and would without a doubt stay again at the Melia Caribe. I was glad that we didn't base our trip on the negative reviews that we read. We realize that some people are never happy no matter where they stay. We had a great experience with this hotel and hope to go back again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Marcs777
<Content>Hey!! Just Go there its amazing       Beach at Melia Caribe Tropical  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>traveller_reviews
<Content>Good Trip in the End I just returned from a six day stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana. I cannot say I was disappointed, but at the same time, I definitely would not return. Basically, I'd say you get what you paid for!Food: so - so. Breakfast was delicious; I definitely recommend Los Atables' omelet bar! Lunch was fine, not delicious, but tolerable. For dinner we tried: American Grill, Hokkaido, and La Pagoda. The American Grill was absolutely excellent; do not go expecting truly Amercican food though, keep an open mind. Hokkaido was fun, and the food was good. La Pagoda was not very good in my opinion, but other people did enjoy it. Try and make reservations as early as possible (9-11 the day before) or else there's a good chance you will not get a spot - they fill up extremely quickly!Rooms: I was disappointed in the rooms. They smelled terrible the entire stay, and were dirty, with dirt and sand all over. There was also lots of mold and mildew in the bathroom, and the water pressure made it impossible to take showers some days!Service/ Check in - out: The people here were very, very nice. The language barrior was confusing, but as long as you know a few Spanish words, it's fine. Check in/ out was very slow, but the computers were down when we arrived, so it was not completely their fault. I'd say Check - in was the worst part of the trip; I was tempted to book a flight home right then! We had no room for three hours, then we had a regular room with no electricity, when we had asked for RS. However, I'm glad we stayed, because the trip turned out great!Beach/ Pool: The beach was beautiful, but the seaweed was a problem. You had to walk very far to get away from it all! The water was warm, and a gorgeous turquoise color - it made all the stress we'd gone through worth it! The main pool is absolutely huge, and the swim - up bar was great. Finding a chair was difficult, so go early in the morning and make sure to get one. The spa was also great - I had an Anti - Stress / Relaxtion massage, and it was exactly as the name implies - very, very relaxing. Well worth the money. Also, the resort is huge. While this is nice, it was difficult to get around. There was a train, but I found it easier to walk than to wait for it all the time. Be sure to bring sneakers or comfy shoes because honestly, it takes at least 15 mins. to get ANYWHERE in this resort! Finally, be sure to pack everything you need. I had my sunscreen confiscated at the airport security so I needed to buy more at the hotel gift shop. It cost $20 for a tiny tube of sunblock here! The gift shop is ridiculously overpriced for everything ($10 for magazines, $50 for t - shirts) so don't plan on getting much shopping done. All in all, the hotel is very pleasant, and the trip is worth the money. But if you've got a larger time frame / budget, I recommend doing some reserarch and finding another option.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>sooners22
<Content>My 40th Birthday Trip I wanted to be on a beach for my 40th. We had already taken 3 cruises so I thought it would be fun to stay in one place for a week. Check-in went smoothly and we were taken to our room on a golf cart. The room was very pretty and very clean. Looks just like the picture on the web site. We had a deluxe junior suite. The floors and bath are all marble with throw rugs. The room was nice size and had a great balcony with a wonderful view. The foliage all over the resort is amazing. We had a small fridge, coffee maker, bring creamer if you prefer it in your coffee, there isn't any offered, iron and board and an umbrella. You can rent the safe for $2.00 a day . They leave flower pedals in your room that are pretty. We had read in other reviews to leave small trinkets for the attendant and you would recieve better service. I didn't notice anything out of the ordinary but I will say she cleaned the room spottless every day. They brought our bags shortly and then it was off to explore the resort. One note after you check in, as you walk through the lobby out to the golf carts or the train...there will be staff wanting to give you info about the resort. Unless you are interested in a 90 minute sales pitch about time shares within the resort, stear clear, just say no thanks. The resort is beautiful !! Very clean. There is continous work being done to keep it looking great. It is a huge resort - our room was by the beach and if you decided to walk up the front, where all the restaurants, the lobby, the lobby bar are it took about 14 minutes. We did this quite a bit though, since the walk is so pretty. There are trains that run all the time and have several stops so you can wait for the train and then get off at whatever destination you need. We arrived late in the afternoon so we explored some and then propped ourselves up at the dry side of the swim up pool bar. We were not there very long before we meet another couple from Texas who were a lot of fun to hang out with the remainder of the week. The pool is HUGE and wonderful. Plenty warm and relaxing. They have an island in the middle that was great to lounge on. The drinks flowed freely and tasted really good. They only have Presidente beer and no DR Pepper. I am a beer drinker and their beer was just fine with me. We hung out at the pool during the day and sat with two couple's in the lobby bar at night. Very relaxing and fun to people watch. The waitress are very friendly. We saw that it was supposed to rain about 60% of the time we were there but it only ever rained at night and was refreshing to walk in the rain in the evening. There is a buffet down by the ocean that is open for breakfast and lunch with lots of different food. Of course there are several items that are the same every day but no way you will ever go hungry. They have a pasta bar available at every meal that was wonderful. The omlets were great also. They also have a buffet for dinner that is in the front of the resort. I had the best roast at the carving station. There are lot's of restaurants that you can make reservations for. We only went to the American restaurant and it was great. You can make reservations in the morning for the same evening or in the evening for the next day. The Japanese restaurant must be a big hit because we could never get a reservation. We did not have children there so I can not comment on that except that there were quite a few kids there whom always seemed to be happy. If you go thru a travel agent a have a tour group you will meet with the agent for a few minute the day after you arrive. You can ask them all the questions you have and can book your excursions thru them. We only went on one excursion to snorkel. The water is so clear and beautilful. The beach was great. Very soft sand and the water was not too cool. There are plenty of activities that you can do on the beach. There is a theme show every night and a casino if you like to gamble. We never saw either as we really enjoyed sitting in the comfy chairs in the lobby bar with our new found friends. I would recommed this resort and would go back again if there weren't sooo many other places that we want to see !!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NySekops
<Content>The Good  I鈥檒l keep it specific  quick. Very close to the airport. Bring $10 for the tourist tax. $25+ tip for a taxi. Check in is slow  check out is slow. Make sure you know where you want to be on the property. It is huge and it will make a difference. We stayed on the beach side. The beach  ocean beautiful  the pools are beautiful. The rooms are beautiful. The only room problem we encountered was low water pressure which on two occasions made it impossible to take a shower. There is a bus/train which will ferry you around but we never used it. We just walked. It鈥檚 for the kids and those who are just plain lazy or unable to walk too far. There are designated stops. The maps on the property are not accurate and most of them are different. I guess as they add buildings they do not feel the need to update the maps. We didn鈥檛 buy the royal service and from what we gather it鈥檚 really not worth it. I think the only advantage is having drinks brought to you instead of going to the bar yourself and you have Gold beach towels. Whatever!!! Oh, and you have priority with restaurant reservations. No big deal if you ask me. The sales force is out in FORCE and will harass you until the end of your trip. If you have no desire to buy a $45,000 dollar time share then STRONGLY let them know you are not interested. It is a VERY hard sell  they are very aggressive and pushy. Do not say hello to the sales people just show them the hand. The staff on a whole were very nice  many had good English, although we have good Spanish skills. The spa service is great. We loved it. Nightly entertainment starts too late so we skipped it. The place definitely lacks in the entertainment area. The food is great. If fine dining is your thing then you don鈥檛 go to an all inclusive anyway. The drink ARE NOT watered down. They are strong and good. OK, this is a family style resort and great if you have kids. If you do not have kids and do not want to be around kids then do not go here. The only reasons we will not return are simple. The place is simply tooooo big. It鈥檚 just so much walking to get where you want to go. There is NO BEACH BAR which is ridiculous. Depending where you are, it鈥檚 like a 15-20 minute round trip to get a drink, if you鈥檙e on the beach. Too many kids!!! The pool area was so noisy with all the kids  forget about relaxing in the pool. Kids everywhere. On the beach, if you go far enough to the south east you can find quiet. And remember, this is the Caribbean; you will find many topless sunbathers on the beach along with men in Speedos. If you are offended by the human body, stay off the beach.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beach_house69
<Content>All the Ins and Outs Melia Caribe Tropicale Punta CanaOverviewHaving used these websites extensively for the last 3 years of trips, we felt it only fair that we submit a review to pay back all those other travellers whose tips have helped us make decisions in the past. We have extensively travelled the US, Caribbean, Mexico and Latin America, staying in everything from five star all-inclusives to local hotels and BB's. Hopefully this comprehensive review will be objective, and of use to someone out there! Arrival/Departure/AirportPunta Cana airport is small and simple, open air typical disembark on the tarmac experience. Purchased the $10 tourist card and turned it back in to the ticket taker ten steps later. The minute you exit you will be mobbed with airport employees literally trying to grab your bags to take them another 10 feet to your waiting transportation (for a tip of course.) On the return, your bags with be immediately grabbed by the same folks to take them 10 feet to your airline check-in line. Most of you will manage on your own I'm sure. Upon arrival, look for your tour rep or desk and proceed to the bus. Resorts are only 30-45 minutes away. Interestingly, the crowds moved quickly on arrival, but were very heavy with long lines to check in at departure (Sunday). Security is a wave-through experience. One last note - we never saw a place to pay the departure tax of $20 pp and no one ever asked for it. Go figure. Give yourself plenty of time on departure day at the airport if it is a weekend however.Punta CanaYou will notice on your way to the resort that it is not necessarily a pretty Caribbean island, unlike St. Lucia. Very scrub brush and no color. Much construction of condos and the like interspersed with typical outside the resort third world housing, cafeterias, and super mercados. Punta Cana is the flat part of the DR. Santo Domingo is 3-4 hours away. No town of any size exists near Punta Cana. It is simply a remote stretch of beautiful beach lined with all-inclusives. In other words, there is nothing to see or do here that is not created for the tourist. (Dolphin Island - floating docks with captive dolphins, Marine Park - sea lions, birds, etc. All pale in comparison with anything else you have seen or done elsewhere.) If you are going to Punta Cana, expect to remain ensconced in your resort for food, drink, beach, and relaxation. That is really all there is to do here. People who ventured outside the resort were consistently underwhelmed.The Resort - Melia Caribe TropicalTwo mirror image resorts, Caribe and Tropicale, with a third smaller resort the Royal Service area adjacent to Caribe. The resort is very large with many pathways. The larger pathways are roadways filled with golf carts, trams, vans, mopeds, and bikes. Much like the video game Frogger as you walk on these. You can easily walk anywhere. Beach to Lobby (end to end) is 10 minutes. Royal Service to restaurants is 5 minutes. Unless you have an allergy to minor physical exertion, you will be fine. Though trams and golf carts whiz about fairly regulary and royal service can be called at any time you have eaten too much to make the hike. The grounds are beautifully landscaped and manicured with water ponds everywhere. Flamingos and peacocks are on the grounds. Other than that, very little wildlife. Mostly coconut palms and hibiscus, it is colorful, but is definitely not natural. It is all native only to the resort and not representative of anything outside the gates. Much like a Disney hotel experience. Once inside the resort, you could really be anywhere. Lobbies are huge and open, much seating, lobby bars, tour desks, time share folks (just politely refuse, though we met a couple who bought - 2 weeks $55,000 - and were thrilled). Also - no bugs on our trip. Some flies in the food areas, but no biting insects at night. Fair trade. Finally, this is a peaceful resort. Obviously not a party place. This disco is no nightclub and was deserted. Most people had relaxing after dinner drinks and conversation, or saw the nightly show (which was pretty much a step below cruise ship fare and on par with cheesy amusement park shows. But again, not Vegas, not New York, and perfectly diverting at 10pm at night after a day of drinking and eating.) Before I forget, there were families and kids everywhere, even Royal Service. This is a very family friendly resort with day care and programs and kids menus and plenty of security. No need to worry if travelling with kids. If you are an adult looking for sheer peace and quiet, that can not be guaranteed here in the pool areas especially. Unfortunately, many parents seemed to forget they had kids after a couple of mojitos, and the kids were climbing the fountains, diving in the pool, and sitting at the bars ordering slurpees, all of which were forbidden, but no one enforced the rules. This is much more of a poor parenting issue than a resort issue. We were travelling without the kids, but they would have loved the endless popcorn, hot dogs, ice cream and slurpee drinks!Check InI could see how the lines could be horrific at the lobby desk at certain times, though there was a bar, seating, and cookies, so settle in for the DR time equivalent of 5 minutes = 30 minutes. You're here to relax. Royal Service Lounge is far back left of Caribe Lobby with no signs. We checked in there with zero wait. Though central reservations had booked the wrong room (Junior Suite instead of 1 BR Master Suite) it was painlessly corrected. We were given drinks, towels, and our bracelets, and a golf cart took us to our room. Our bags were on our heels. As with any problem when travelling abroad, we found that remaining pleasant got the problem solved immediately. Check out was all of 3 minutes. As an aside here, English was spoken fairly well by everyone we came in contact with, and in most cases it was just as good as our mastery of spanish, which seems perfectly appropriate since we are in their country. Again, politeness and charades can work minor miracles when travelling abroad.Accomodations We had the 1 bedroom master suite in Villa 51, third floor. The room was very large, high ceilings, stereo, plasma TV's on walls, dining table, kitchen, bath with spa shower, separate dual vanity, 3-4 person Jacuzzi tub, king bed, balcony, plenty of storage. Dual zone AC. The room was kept clean, with turndown service every night, chocolate mint and all. Fridge stocked with 7up, pepsi regular and light (we asked for Coca Cola and got it), water, club soda, El Presidente (beer), and a mysterious carton of peach nectar that showed up on day 4. Coffeemaker also. The mattress was very firm, as is typical in the Caribbean and Mexico, and the pillows flat. Order the custom pillow each morning for the night (down was nice), but do it every day as they are removed daily. Many English TV stations compared to other locales. Plenty for the kids in particular. The best movie channels are all in Spanish however. All in all, loved the room, it was very comfortable and nicer that most resorts. One cockroach all week. That is nothing to complain about in a third world country. We were told that the Junior Suites were quite a bit smaller, but on par with the Riu hotel layouts (small sitting area down from bed). Regular master suites did not have a private bath - apparently semi-open to the rest of the suite.Food and DrinkThis is what everyone wants to know about. I've had rice and beans on the roadside in Costa Rica, and gourmet at the Riu Palace in Mexico, along with everything in between. To be fair, I'll compare this to other top of the line all-inclusives. Hands down, the Melia had the best food overall, but did have it's down sides. In general, sugar outside the US is not particularly sweet to American taste buds. Score some of the sugar substitute packets (Zero) and sprinkle it in anything you want to be sweeter. The desserts, almost across the boards suffer from what we call the Chinese Bakery Syndrome - absolutely beautiful to behold - you'll want to eat them all - but amazingly they have no taste. This is true in Mexico and the Caribbean almost universally. The exception was the apple pie (on room service menu or by request at the Gabby), the Creme Eclair at Capri, and the Ginger Creme Brulee at Capri. All the cakes taste like flour and bitter chocolate. The fruit and juices are not amazing as in Costa Rica and could easily be concentrate. Sauces in general are not good, nor are the soups, but again, there are exceptions. That's the bad. Much more is good! Unlike most Caribbean resorts and Mexico in particular, the beef is more that edible. Not Ruth's Chris good, but considering you question whether the beef is really beef at most places outside the US, the beef was good. The hamburgers by the pools are great, and the filets in the ala cartes were always a great choice.BarsThe drinks at the lobby bars were weak. So what, ask for a double. The drinks at the Gabby bar are very strong, ask for less. Top shelf is available everywhere upon request. The best selection of top shelf is at the Gabby (Royal Service) bar and the Casino. (which is cruise-ship comparable - no one seemed to be hitting big). Top shelf ran the gamut from Absolut, Bacardi, Jack Daniels, Tanqueray, to Hennesy, Frangelico, and the like. If you drink it, odds are they have it. The caiparinas and Mojitos at the Gabby were excellent, the latter made with fresh mint. The sweet drinks in the frozen machines were way too sweet to even drink. We wished they could make them into a dessert. Expressos and Cappucinos were European strong. If you worship caffeine as we do, you will be ecstatic.Ala CarteWe ate at the buffet Atabales for breakfast once (it has nothing on the Gabby, which is more convenient for RS). The French Toast is the best, the hash browns great, the pork so-so. Note that all of the food at the buffets at breakfast and lunch tend to be lukewarm at best. The chafing dishes are just not hot. Omelets and eggs to order. Breakfast is hard to screw up. Lunch at beach buffets fine. Burgers, fries, and cheese sauce fit the bill daily. Pizza is pretty awful, and the paella is OK at best. Nachos, Popcorn, Ice Cream - again, hard to mess up lunch. Important note - Royal Service will notice that REAL Ice Cream (soft serve) comes out of the machine at the RS pool snack hut. All other machines on the resort dispense Ice MILK. You WILL notice the difference! Now on to dinner - the important meal for everyone reading these reviews. We ate at every ala carte except the Dominican (Guarapo) and the Italian (Gondola), which we were told were fine to skip. We arrived at 3 pm in Royal Service and were told we could not get a reservation that night. Our Butler Pablo, called for us after taking us to the room and five dollars later we had a reservation for La Gourmet. We later found the restaurants to be only 50% occupied until Fri/Sat night. Royal Service allowed us to book all the restaurants a day in advance, and we always had a choice of restaurant and time. Never turned down. In general, I will say this about the restaurants - they are an adventure, and even if you think you know the dish (ie Cashew Chicken) - it will be the Dominican Gourmet interpretation of that dish. You can not compare the food to a US specialty restaurant or you will be disappointed. Haikado (Japanese) is not Benihana. Le Gourmet is not Le Cirque, and so on. However, if you open yourself up and order anything and everything, you will have some nice surprises. In general - avoid creme soups and bisques in particular. You will see salmon in some incarnation on every menu. You will see lobster on every menu - but it is, as it should be, warm water caribbean lobster (which is a different texture than Maine lobster, and much fishier in flavor, and tasted previously frozen in most restaurants). We found the appetizers to be really good at most restaurants, even better than some of the entrees, and the desserts to be universally disappointing. The house wines are fine if you usually pick yours up at the supermarket. For the wine afficianados, ala carte bottles range from $40 -$200. Water is bottled, liquor available in the restaurants.Capri - Our favorite actually. Somewhat Mediterranean. Great sea scallops, mussels, and Filet. Best desserts. Good service.Ma Maison - Not our favorite. Spinach Roll good, beef pretty good. Stuffed chicken not so good. Interesting music - Air supply, Neil Diamond, Barbara Streisand. Transported us right to France!American Steakhouse - Great onion rings and Chirascurro (I know, it's Brazilian). The ribeye was pretty tough. The cheesecake was our biggest disappointment of the trip. The baked potato was wonderful.Avenue Bar (next to Hacienda and America) made nice strong drinks, and was a gathering place after dining. Nice.Le Gourmet - Chateau Briande very good. Filet very good. Beautiful room (all the restaurants were very tasteful and peaceful).La Pogoda - Chinese food. Great appetizers (dumplings, spring rolls). Tom Yum soup was favorite dish of the trip (yes, it's Thai, like much of the menu). Cashew chicken great, but not cashew chicken. More like chinese BBQ chicken in Szechuan sauce with some cashews. Just try it - like most things, not what you're expecting but great anyway.Haikado - Biggest dissapointment. Think Chicken and steak on the grill with too much soy sauce. Salty and non-descript. As for the show cooking - find a Benihana. Fried ice cream was good. (I know, that's Mexican. Sensing a theme yet?) The sushi was like colorful little pieces of semi-frozen rubber. Yum.The other restaurants did not leave an impression enough to comment on. Tip - There are eight tables dining al fresco on the patio to the right of the American Steakhouse. This is Las Dos. Private dining for two with a fixed menu (Lobster with truffle oil, filet, black forest cake, champagne, and a guy on an electric keyboard. Two seatings, advance reservation only. Not advertised. If you are Royal Service, save yourself the trouble - the Lobster (which is deep fried by the way) and the filet are on the Gabby menu, and you can always ask for a bottle of champagne whenever you want it. Speaking of the Gabby - we used it as a backup, no reservation needed. If we did not like the ala carte at 6:45, we went and ate again at the Gabby at 9pm, even if just for desserts or appetizers. The Gabby menu is a compilation of the many of the ala carte restaurant items. The Tom Yum soup even showed up one night. Just remember - though we did not like everything that was served, the food was heads and tails above any other all-inclusive we have been to.Beach/PoolThe most important to many. Two large pools at Tropicale and Caribe. Fairly busy, but pretty. Two deserted spa pools if you want peace but no breeze. The royal service pool was sizable and pretty as well, with a waiter. Loungers are reserved with towels as early as 7AM, but there were always a few to be had. The beach always had plenty of loungers. The palapas at royal service got a little out of control. People would put their stuff on them 2-3 days at a time, literally leaving it out overnight to reserve it, until the staff started clearing it out. Then people set their alarm at 6am or earlier to grab them, and often not ever return to use them during the day. Bottom line - too much work on vacation and not worth it. Get a lounger in the shade and order a mojito. Do you really need to be in a hut on stilts? We had it one day and immediately vowed to return to the beach. The beach was beautiful and stretches for miles. Yes there was seaweed (like long pine needles) that the staff raked incessantly. That's to be expected. Does it ruin the experience? Of course not. The water is warm, the surf light, perfect for swimming with little undertow and a smooth sandy bottom. RS had beach waiter with basic liquor/beer. Many topless women (and Speedo'd men) as reported, but again, it is a very European destination. The sun was intense. It seemed to be 250 degrees in the direct sun if there was no breeze. However, in the shade or breeze it almost seemed cool. Very strange. For all the intense sun, you saw few sunburns, and the color seemed to fade fast (we spent 2-3 hours/day laying out) but the color was draining before we got on the plane. Last but not least - the pool music was a strange meditational Enya new age thing at the RS pool, and a Speed Metal Reggae thing at the main pools. The spa pool is silent. No happy mediums. And the one thing that no one has mentioned - the pools are unheated and they were ice cold. Like shock to the system cold. Again, strange with such intense sun. Go into the sea. Much nicer. Odds and EndsSpa services were overly pricey and execution lackluster. Parasailing $85pp not worth it, like all of the add-ons. Stick to the free water sports. Relax, eat, drink. Take a book and some cards, as there is nothing else to do in Punta Cana. New mall in front of the resort has about 10 stores open and very little to look at. Prices are better that the Caribe gift shop. Tropicale gift shop had better prices on tourist junk, but expect prices to be 2-3 times the US. Exchange is 34peos to the dollar at the mall, 30 to the dollar at the resort. All in all, it is exactly the vacation you book - confined relaxation, free flowing food and drink, with a pretty beach. If you are RS, you can pretty much ask for anything and receive it with a smile. The staff is nice and do their best to please you. We tipped the chambermaid daily, as well as the bartenders and never wanted for anything. No one tipped in the restaurants, and it did not seem to matter in the least. We feel no need to ever return, though it was the best all-inclusive we have been to, it did not feel like a unique destination. Too contrived. Costa Rica still reigns as the most authentic non-touristy destination that surrounds you with natural beauty and cultural stimulation, but if you have no need to experience the country you are in and simply want to relax, head straight to this resort.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelQueen229
<Content>Fantastic Resort. Travelled with kids. Will go back. I knew beforehand not to listen to the negative reviews and I am glad I didn鈥檛. This place actually exceeded my expectations. We stayed in Royal Service and I am glad we did. With young kids, the simple extras made my life easier. We were in Villa 48, then 49 when we moved into a Master Suite one bedroom rather than the regular Master Suite. Our first Butler, Francisco, wasn鈥檛 around much but we never really needed him. However, when we switched Villas, we got a new butler named Pablo and he was FANTASTIC. (I believe each Villa must have its own butler) He was so helpful and great with our two young children, age 10 months and almost 3 years.The StaffThe Staff were great and I think many had great English. Even those who did not speak the best English, you could always figure it out. I felt the jobs requiring that they spoke great English i.e. Room service (where you can鈥檛 gesture, etc) they spoke great English.I actually sat down for an hour or so and talked to the Royal Services Manager, Lucy. She was great and so helpful. Her English was excellent. I had a MAS card and also arranged late check out for 4:00 p.m. as well as upgraded to the one bedroom suite. Everything went so smoothly. I had talked to Lucy via e-mail before I had arrived and every request I had made was done, including Villa, ground floor (Stroller), crib . Everything was perfect. Lucy is very professional, lovely woman,Many of the staff made our vacation perfect, including Patricia and Pamela (who baby sat at night), George and Felix, two of the waiters in the Gabi restaurant. They were so good with our kids and we made such a mess. There were other great waiters but I can鈥檛 remember all their names 鈥?sorry. Pablo 鈥?our butler 鈥?was so wonderful. He was always smiling and so helpful.Make sure you tip generously. The Dominicans do not make large wages and tips are appreciated. However, whether you tip or not, I do think you get great service. I just like to do it.The GroundsYes this property is huge and I even got lost once with my 10 month old coming from the beach where I left my husband. No problemo. I caught one the trains and drove around until I saw something I recognized. My daughter loved the regular trains, more exciting than the Royal Service extended golf cart train. The property is breathtaking and I don鈥檛 think you鈥檒l ever hear any negative about this.They have a tropical side with pools, kid鈥檚 pools, Beach grills, and the entire baby and kid鈥檚 activities. On the Caribe side, you have all the alacarte restaurants, and there are also two huge buffets, although I only saw the one (Atables). There are a number of bars, a casino, etc.Kid鈥檚/Baby Club.From my research, the Melia was the only resort in Punta Cana with a Baby Club (0-4). We put our son in there a couple times to have a nap. I would just drop him off and go to the back area with the beds and play pens and put him in. My daughter played there as well a couple times. The place is air conditioned and fenced in. They have a playground that is fenced in and watched by a staff member if kids are outside. Isabela loved it here. As we were Royal service we spent most of our time at the Kiddy pool by the Gabi. Royal Service AreaThey had a nice pool, swim up bar, the Gabi restaurant, with buffet and Ala Carte service, as well as a pool grill. Here were many Palapas (covered huts). I think they would all be reserved before 7:00 a.m. There was only one of these huts that was ideal for me and it was right across the kiddy pool so I went extra early to get it in the a.m. It was handy to keep my 10 month old out of the sun. We met a lot of great people with young kids who hung out at the kiddy pool, mostly Americans. However, according to Lucy, she said Royal Service is mostly Canadians and Americans (about half and half, so where were the Canucks???)The VIP area by the Caribe lobby serviced drinks and appetizers. You could also check your internet. Staff were great here as well.One morning around 8:00 a.m. as I was sitting in my Palapas, a guy came up and accused me of stealing his Palapa. He said he had put his stuff here at 7:30 a.m. I kindly told him, that was not possible as I was here at 5:00 a.m. and had the same palapa every day. He continued to argue and I just said he was mistaken. He got quite angry and did the angry hand wave gesture as 鈥済et out of my face鈥?and walked away. Two minutes later came back to apologize as found his palapa. Then 10 minutes later came back with a pina colada as a peace offering. I appreciated that.Getting dinner reservations with Royal service was never a problem.Check in and check out was a matter of minutes.FoodI have stayed at a number of all inclusives and this was the best food we have had anywhere. We did eat mostly at the Royal Service Gabi 鈥?both menu and buffet, but tried the Angora Grill by the beach, as well as looked at the food at the Atables buffet. No matter where you go there is tons of selection. The bread is great and the pasta bars makes great pasta. Breakfast at the Gabi was awesome. For lunch, you could have the buffet or order off menu (or both) and dinner was menu service, where you could have a rib eye, a lobster and other delicious options. My husband often ordered two appetizers and a dinner with lobster. They would accommodate any request.Room service had a limited menu but we ordered pizza and salads and I have to say the pizza was very good!!! The Poolside Grill in RS was great too. The nachos were tasty They had breaded and deep fried seafood skewers which my husband loved. They had burgers and fries. They also had a daily feature such as features or grilled shrimp and chicken kebabs, fajitas, etc. It was great snack food. Of course my daughter loved the soft serve ice cream machine. At the RS pool bar, they make great drink, all top shelf liquor. I tried many but stuck with margaritas and my husband the mudslides.We also tried the Ala Carte restaurants 鈥?The Japanese (Hokkaido), The French (Ma Maison), The Dominican (El Guarapo), and seafood (Capri). I had great meals at all of them. Hard to pick a favorite but the Japanese Tepanyaki style with a small group was a lot of fun. All the restaurants were beautiful and food presentation was great.Oh and the cappuccinos were great. The RS area had the real deal cappuccinos and the other bars had the Nescafe machines. Both were good.ExcursionsWith young kids we didn鈥檛 do any excursions. My husband and I are both scuba certified so he went scuba diving and enjoyed it. He thought the staff were great. Any questions, PM me. Here are some photos. I will also do up a video soon too. We had a great vacation.http://steinbeckfamily.spaces.live.com/photos/  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marief19
<Content>Beautifull, peacefull and relaxing. I stayed at the resort from march 22nd to the 29th. What a trip! We were there for a convention, 42 people of us. Everything was wondefrull. Check in was fast and easy, they deliver your bgs to your rooms and food is available even if you arrive very late.The breafast you can have at the buffet by the beach, no need to go back to the lobby. Alot of variety and good food. Its not everywhere you have breakfast looking at the ocean!Lunch is at this same buffet by the beach, variety is so so, pasta is good, always alot of fruits, deserts are great. The A la carte restaurants are incredible, for an all inclusive, WOW! I personnaly loved the mexican, there is also one called Los Dos where you eat outside and sit 2 people, it was very good as well. The restaurants are all very impressive, nice selection of wine ( be carefull they rarely have the ones you want in stock).The beach is very nice, well maintained by the dominicans picking up the seeweed early. Alot of chairs available. Its crowded but still is nice. The ocean is very nice as well, once the wind picks up it brings alot of seeweed though. Beach towels are available but they often run out...The bars are great, bring a coffe cup for the car to keep your drink cold and full. From the beach, the bar is a few minutes. Alot of variety of drinks, good service.The rooms are big and nice. alot of storage. Clean bathrooms. The only thing is if you dont tip them alot ( more than 1$) forget about having nice towels folded in different animals etc.Overall, its a nice 4 star hotel. The grounds are beautifull. They are so well maintained, its really gorgious. The food was great, some of us got a little sick but didnt last long, bring imodium.As for the train, it passes often but the walk is pretty also. Just dont forget anything at the lobby because its a 10 minute walk! I recommend this resort to everyone, families, couples, groups etc. We did the tour where we swam with sharks and rays! What a tour! Definatly worth it. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>DriesDog
<Content>Still a Fantastic Resort My wife and I spent two great weeks at the Melia with some other couples and loved it. It was our third time staying here and in our opinion the resort continues to get better. The guys golfed during the day and we all enjoyed playing the Cocotal Course which is in fine shape, with the exception of being wet one day after a night of heavy rain. We ate at all the Al la cartes and thought the food was great, with the exception of the American Restaurant, but we may have just gone on the wrong night. Room service was very good and the grounds were also in good shape. We found the bar service was much improved over previous years. It seems all they had to do was put additional bartenders on a peak times to lessen the wait. I will return in the future.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kkelly0614
<Content>Great family all-inclusive Excellent all-inclusive resort. We paid extra for the Royal Service plan and were very impressed. We traveled with two children, three years old and three months old. The resort is close to the airport. The room was very clean and spacious for our 5 night stay. The food was very good compared to other all-inclusive resorts that we have stayed in. The food at the Gobi resaurant, which was for Royal Service guests was excellent. The beach was beautiful. The resort is quite large, which we loved as there was plenty of walking if you wanted. If not, there were trains that took you around the resort. We never utilized the kids club but it looked good. We went to the kids disco one night ( our daughter only made it up one night late) it was well done! The service was excellent everywhere we went in the resort..staff always asked if you would be back! I would definately recommend the resort for a nice relaxing family vacation!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>J&JZ
<Content>No need to read other reviews...just read mine!       the sandy beach  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>happy2getawayIndiana
<Content>Great Place - Go with Royal Service Just retruned yesterday from a week's stay and I must say it was a very pleasant experience. We stayed in the Royal Service and was sure glad we did. The service received around this area was very good.The restaurant in this area was great and had really good food. Clean - clean - clean!!!! We ate at two other restaurants on the property and decided 'our' food was better so we never left again.Our room was very pleasant, clean and well maintained. I would definitely stay here again - less expensive than Sandals and much better accommodations and food.Never had to search for beach or poolside chairs - there were plenty. It was really nice to have our own transportation to/from the beach area when neededThe golf package included was also a nice perk and easy to access. The check in at the course is a little slow and cumbersome - but hey relax - you're on vacation!Most of the employees we spoke with could speak some english - but many could not carry a long conversation - note: it never interferred with the level of service we received.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	5	5	

<Author>VacationmanOrillia
<Content>Incredible, just very big! This was a great resort!CONS-The resort was WAY too big. It is about a 20 minute walk to the beach from the lobby, although they do provide a train every 15 minutes.-If you get a room near the beach, you have to get a train to get to any of the diner resturants, and if you get a room near the restaurants, you usually need the train to get to the beach and the pools.-There is only two pools and they are tucked down beside the beach.-There are too many salesman on the beach that get very annoying, although if you say no thanks they usually dont hassle you anymore.-The rooms probably are closer to a 4 rather than 5 star, but are still nice.-The casino is fairly small, but still nice.PROS-Excellent and a large variety of food. I recomend the capri and the italien for dinner.-incredible landscaping, some of the best anywhere.-The staff are friendly, but some struggle with english.-The golf course is across the road and has a free shuttle.(ask to play the hibiscus and bouganville courses, they are awesome, but the benjimina course is awful)-nice, clean beach.-The entertainment at night is good, there is two stage shows and several bands around the lobbies.-Very Clean.-Great water sports.-There is one of the most unbelevable malls which is a two minute walk away and is part of the rsorts gated in area. There is also armed guards at the entrance of the mall.We took the ATV adventure and it was the best experience of my lifetime, you have to do it. (You go to a private beach and a really cool little town.) I also reccomend upgrading to royal service, because the rooms are fabulous and there is a private pool, restaurant, bar, beach and a VIP lounge. Royal service is like staying at a 5+++++++ star! If you dont get royal service, ask to stay on the tropical side because it is less busy in the lobby and on the beach. Also, for lunch make sure your either go to the agora or la gondola beacuse th turrey grill is SO BUSY! Overall this is a great resort worth staying at.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>teritrot24
<Content>was very apprehensive melia Caribe Tropical punta cana. Stayed Mar8th - Mar22nd 2007. 4 Senior Citizens were very apprehensive after reading reviews criticising all aspects of this hotel. We had not booked Royal Service so were doubly worried!On arrival we thought our anxieties were confirmed as the reception was a nightmare. When you have been travelling for more than 14 hours you are not in the best condition to absorb detailed information given in limited English. This hotel is huge and we were just packed off more or less to find our own rooms - in the dark. It took us almost an hour by which time our luggage had not been deliverd- took another half hour. Surely in an hotel of this class some arrangement could be made to show people to their rooms?Thankfully the rest of the holiday was wonderful. Grounds immaculate, lovely beach and rooms plain but good size and comfortable. Never saw a mosquito, ant or other crawly things.The buffet restraunts were of good standard and the a la carte were excellent we tried seven of the nine (not the Mexican or Dominican). Our favourites were the Seafood(Capri) ,the meditteranean(Gourmet) and the Chinese (Pagoda) the Japanese too was excellent. Italian a bit disappointing and the American more like a diner than a restraunt.Our one complaint was the far too loud music in all the bars and the beach buffet. In my opinion this demeaned a 5star hotel into a 3. Just one bar with background music would have been welcomed by a lot of people we spoke to.As to Royal Service we didn't think it was necessary, but depends what you want. We were more than happy with the service we recieved, just a phone call resolves any problems. Very quick attention for a faulty fridge switch and a tv remote control. Good cheerful service from staff in all departments.This is a very big resort but well run and we had a really good holiday. If it hadn't been for the loud music we would have rated it excellent.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>reviews200
<Content>Not what we were looking for! The resort was well kept and clean but there were A LOT of negatives about this resort. Please take this seriously as we were very disappointed. 1.) The check in took over an hour. They didn't seem to be in any hurry to get you checked in. We had to wait for over an hour after check in b/c our room wasn't ready. 2.) We got there too late the first night so we were made to eat the buffet. Buffets are bad and this one was no exception. The next night we got reservations but the times are limited. 5 or 10 pm. All of the places are not full they just don't want you to get a time slot b/c they would rather you eat at the buffet. The food selections when you got a reservation was extremely poor. Reservation times are 9-11pm the night before. You are supposed to relax on vacation not stress out about the thought of eating at the buffet if you don't call right at 9pm the night before. There were 6 of us that stayed here and all of us were ill at some point throughout the week. During the lunch buffet had to eat plain pasta and popcorn b/c all the other food was exposed to flies that were crawling all over the food. The food was not high quality. Milk at breakfast was not refrigerated - it was sitting out in pitchers. At dinner a choice would be ?fish? ? they couldn?t even tell you what KIND of fish it is. Scary. The entire dining experience was not pleasant. 3.) Drink selection? Forget it. They had one kind of beer. Presidente. Horrible. All fruity drinks were made from concentrate. Forget about fresh OJ. No cranberry. They had liquor but then all the mixers were horrible. We were purchasing drinks at the golf course and bringing them back to our rooms. Not what you expect for all inclusive.4.) The concrete/rock paths that they paint with yellow high gloss paint are very slippery, especially by the pools. I slipped on the 2nd day and split open my knee and had a bruise on my elbow the size of a softball. I heard of multiple other guests that experienced the same thing. One woman sprained her wrist. PLEASE take this seriously - I wish I had believed the bad reviews prior to our vacation. I talked with another couple and they recommended The Excellence. Spend the money as it would be worth it. Better food, better selections!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LINYMan
<Content>Punta Ratta In a paragraph or two the title will become obvious: I was reluctant to post such a bad review, but my friends urged me to do so with the hope of saving others from the misfortunes that befell my family. The first night consisted of minor inconveniences, i.e. the toilet in our room didn't work and there was only one bed in the room my teenagers were in so my six foot three son ( the younger one) slept on the couch. He woke up with insect bites all over his body. The next night after a day in the sun and mediocre food we returned to the room to sleep. At about one o'clock AM I was awakened to the screams of my wife. There was a rat on her arm in bed! She flung it off and I chased it into the closet. Housekeeping sent someone up with a towel to catch it, but he was gone into a crevice behind the closet. All night we could hear him clawing at the glass door.  The next morning we were moved to two new suites with a complimentary fruit and cheese plate and some wine and with the assurance that we would be taken care of before we left.. With ten minutes to go to catch the shuttle to the airport they wanted me to sign a paper saying we would take one free night in return for our  inconvience. The manager, a Teutonic gentleman, said,  You come to the Dominican Republic and you don't expect to see rats?  I replied, Not in my room, on my wife's arm ,I don't.When I told him I saw three others he said that was because I was looking for them. We declined the offer. My travel agent on Long Island said she would never send anyone there. She got them to up there offer to three nights, room only, no meals. I said forget it. I will never stay at a Sol Melia Property again. Such callous disregard for guests is something I could never tolerate. I am a world traveler, not a complainer.   The food was mediocre, as I mentioned with pork chops as a prime example served three different ways depending on the restaurant. French with cream sauce; Italian with tomato sauce; and Mexican with tomato sauce and peppers. Please! There was such a lack of imagination.  You may think this story was horrible enough, but it isn't over. We had jewelry and perfumes stolen from our luggage at the airport and were sold counterfeit cigars that were worthless.Punta Ratta , at Sol Melia Tropical was the trip from hell!!!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	3	

<Author>Percy122
<Content>Wedding trip I will start by saying that this review may be a bit skewed from what many people may experience at this hotel, as we were down there with agroup of 30 for our wedding. That being said, we had an AMAZING time. The only negative i could possibly say is that the resort is huge. Once you take a bit to figure out how it works this turns into a positve, as the grounds are breathtaking. We recieved impeccable service. Our checkin was about 20 min, then we started walking to our room and were picked up right away by a guy in golf cart. We were not in royal service. We were taken to a beautiful honeymoon suite beside the caribe pool and the beach. Some of our guests who came on the halifax flight had quite a long wait to check in, but many welcome cocktails were brought out by lovely waitresses. As a wedding, the wedding coordinator organized reservations for our group for the whole week, so we did not have that inconvenience of trying to get reservations, as I have heard this can be difficult. We at at the japanese (2x), French, mexican, American, and Le gourmet. All were just fantastic. The food was excellent and teh attention to detail was superb. Your wine glass never hits empty as people are constantly filling it up. That is one thing that I was extremely impressed withwas service. march break being so busy, I thought it wouldn't be great. These people work so hard at pleasing you. In the mornings there are hundreds of people cleaning all over the resort, and thsi continues throughout the day. Never had to search for a lounger, no matter what time it was always available. Wedding: Ladies , this is the place to do it. The best ways to describe it are : seamless, elegant, and as my guests put it, romantic. The wedding coordinator is so organized and professional, and there were so many details attended to. They are not great at keeping up with emails, but after initially booking, you can rely on them to do their job. You really don't need to do anything before you go. So stress free, fun and you really get to focus on the actual getting married and not all the fussy details us brides obsess about. If you are considering the melia for your wedding DO IT!!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Good_timesOntario
<Content>Quiet resort for younger couples - but great!! I always read these reviews before I book a resort, so I decided to leave one for all the people about to book their vacation! The Melia Tropical was beautiful. The food was good (not a lot of healthy options), the rooms were nice, the pools were huge and not too cold, the restaurants were good (reservations were always possible by calling the night before at 9pm), the Avenue Bar was chic and you could order Cosmos, the nightly entertainment was entertaining, the bar service was quick enough and the beach was one of the nicest I have ever been to! There is lots of shade and the palm trees add lots of ambiance to your relaxing day at the beach. You can walk for miles along the beach as well - we didn't go shopping at any of the markets - they are a bit shady. Vendors actually come to the resort so you can buy things like jewellery etc... there if you want but be careful not to pay too much! We didn't visit the mall just outside the resort either, but I heard some great reviews - including that prices were very reasonable. The Dominican Day was fun - there was a really cute band outside the buffet restaurant with a funny marionette. Some advice - you can walk faster to the entrances so don't wait for the tram! Bring bug spray if muskitoes tend to pick you out of a crowd. My boyfriend did get sick for 24 hours and had to stay indoors - not sure of the cause though. A few other people from our flight felt ill as well. We are a pretty young couple and I like to participate in resort activities. I found that the activities were sparse and hard to find. There is a disco advertised for teenagers - we didn't go there and I don't know that anybody goes there. There weren't a lot of younger couples but there were a few younger groups at the resort for weddings.The wedding facilities are beautiful!! (if you are looking for that)If you want to use a hot tub, you have to go into one of the Spas. Thanks - that's it!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>givttraveler
<Content>Nice hotel just a little too big. Just got back from Melia. Did read some of the reviews but kept a positive outlook for it, since planned it with the family. I've gone to other areas for winter break and as for this one it was primarily for relaxation. Nice beach loved the sand. Room was good (had a junior suite) no problems as to mold in our room. As for making res. for the restaurants you just have to remember to make res. at 9 p.m. for the next day. Would suggest stay away from the travel club people (very high pressure). We stayed for 5 night so didn't get to go to all the rest. but liked all that we went to. The only negative thing as to the resort was the size and how much you had to walk if you didn't get the trolley that ran through it. I'm still waiting to see if a resort will offer food and drinks by the pool or beach. Did not have that at this one only drinks. Did go one year to Los Cabos (Dreams) and had both food and drinks brought to you along side the pool by servers and was very relaxing.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>iltcPgh
<Content>Loved It!       Airport  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Christina82
<Content>Absolutely Amazing!!!       Pool 2  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dave-n-SueSyracuse
<Content>Great Resort with very good service       Beach looking north  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamajen
<Content>We intend to return to the Melia Caribe I read reviews here after booking our trip (we chose the resort on the basis of recommendations from friends and our travel agent) and was frankly scared to go. But, now I'm wondering if I stayed at an entirely different resort from the one on which the other writers based their comments. We had a wonderful time.We did choose the Royal Service and I believe it was well worth the extra money. The Gabi was steps from our villa, and both the pool and bar were quite handy. We never had any problem with getting restaurant reservations, even though on several occasions, we called that day for reservations that evening. All but one night, we had 8:15 p.m. reservations; the other night, it was 8 p.m. That was exactly what we wanted.Our room was lovely, though the Jacuzzi was very loud. It sounded as if it was preparing for take-off.We never had a bad meal in our entire stay. At no point did I experience any sort of stomach upset.The resort is, indeed, large, but neither my husband nor I (we are both 36) ever required a ride from the golf carts after being dropped off at our room the first day. We could walk to the beach in about five minutes, which we did not find arduous in the least. Barring some sort of physical issue, I can't imagine a five-minute scenic walk being an issue.We also did not find a particular issue in terms of language barrier. My husband speaks some Spanish, and I speak essentially none, but we were fine. On one or two occasions, we were brought items that were not what we ordered, but all we had to do was make the server aware of the error, and it was immediately corrected.There was more seaweed than we had seen a couple of years ago, when we stayed at another hotel further north on Bavaro Beach, but that didn't detract from our enjoyment of the beach. All-in-all, we had a wonderful time, and fully intend to return to this resort in the next couple of years --- but next time, we'll take our young children with us.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Lorri/Nick
<Content>Second time, even better! We returned, after being wowed in April 2005. We became vacation club members at that time. We brought another couple with us this time. In the interim from our previous stay, the Royal Suites were built, The Gabi Restaurant and pool, and the private beach, and the American Cafe and bar were reopened (there was a fire 2 yrs ago). Best bar: Avenue Bar. I wrote a review last time. I will say this ONCE AGAIN: If you are people who think the whole world should look, eat and speak like you, stay in America. This is an international place, where flights come from Europe, and the language spoken in the DR is Spanish. We had a blast trying to communicate and learn Spanish with the staff, who was nothing but professional and friendly. When we saw a few people being rude to the staff, we went out of our way to joke around with them and cheer them up. OK, so about Sol Melia: The rooms were great, the staff superb. Unfortunately we were given a butler who got the job because he's pretty or he knows some one, but not because he's a good worker. He was the ONLY one who did not do his job. Everyone else did his job for him. His name is Francisco. Showed up at the end for a tip after another butler had carried down our bags - HA! Adios, Francisco!Our friend had her birthday while we were there. I made a sign at home that said please say happy birthday to my friend in spanish. (Por favor deseele Felize Cumpleanos mi Amiga) Well this sign had them bringing us champagne on the beach, happy birthday wishes all over the place, and at the Japanese restaurant that night, they dimmed the lights, and came out banging chafing dish lids, with a birthday cake, singing Happy Birthday, with the balloons I gave them in the afternoon. They were amazing. We got perfect drink orders every time. I discovered their rum last time we went, (no Mount Gay). Brugal  Tonics with lime, yummy! Our friends tried dirty martinis, bloody mary, pina coladas. Oh and the cold beer - Presidente. We had great breakfasts, and went to the main buffet - LOS ATABALES -Don't Miss This!!! Both visits we enjoyed going there, even more than the theme restaurants. What a great staff. Once again, if you eat pizza a lot and go to fast food restaurants, and think Outback is good, you'll be whining about the food. If you love to try new things and know good food, you will be happy. We have great Japanese restaurants at home, so Hibachi is tourist food to us. Our friends liked the ones we went to which were Hokkaido (Japanese), Ma Maison (French) and Capri (Seafood). They go a great job, don't get me wrong, but when in Rome...! Almost forgot - the cappaccino is to die for. We became addicted.The landscaping is over the top gorgeous, the beach is beautiful, and crabbing about the little bit of seaweed which they rake up every dawn so you never see it on the beach is just lame. We have been to many islands, and all this beach needs is bigger waves. The sand is silky smooth clean, the water perfect. We will not go back soon, because variety is the spice of life, and Costa Rica calls, then maybe Cabo. We are 100 percent happy with Sol Melia, and look forward to going to a few more. Our friends were totally smitten with the place. It was their first island vacation together, and I'm so glad they had such a good experiance. Perfecto!!! - Lorraine/Curt, Hamden, CT  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trishromance
<Content>Nice family vacation Just returned from a week's vacation at the Melia Caribe Tropical. This is the second time for my husband and myself. First time for our 2 children. We had a fantastic time! The grounds are unbelievable, very lush gardens, lots of greenery. This resort is huge and if you are travelling with children I recommend staying in building # 1-6. We stayed in building #2, which is steps away from the pool, beach area, train stop, children's play area and beach restaurant.We were delayed about 1 1/2 hour due to an ice storm. When we arrived at the Punta Cana airport our taxi driver was waiting there for our arrival. ( we pre-booked a taxi before we left, we did not want to go on the bus shuttle to avoid stopping at other hotels).Check in was not a problem. It took about 20 minutes. We were wisked away onto a golf cart to our room.We had a family suite which easily accomodates 5-6 people. Rooms were very clean and we always had plenty of towels. The maid was always there early to clean our rooms.(after 10 am) (we are early risers). We tipped the maid a few dollars everyday.Food/Restaurants:Breakfast was good. Mimosa every morning, fresh coffee, fresh fruit and juices, omelet station, cereal, pancakes, waffles, they had it all. Even a hot grill if you wanted shiskabobs.Lunch they always had a pasta station, pizza, hot grill station for hamburgers, chicken, beef, grilled fish. (just make sure you tell them to cook it well done) Different salads everyday, and huge paella(rice and seafood dish). Lots of choices for the kids. Hot dogs, nachos, french fries.Dinner: In order to make reservations you have to call from 8am-11am for same day and if it is all booked up, call after 2pm. Or you can call after 9pm for the next night. We never had a problem to make a reservation(we were not in RS) so it is possible to get a dinner reservation. Dial 6313.We ate at the American Grill food was good , but not like an ameican steak house, Ma Maison (french) very nice presentation of food, food was good, La Pagoda(chinese) enjoyed the food, La Hacienda(mexican) great margarita's and burritos, La Gondola(italian) my least favourite, nice antipasto bar and good fish soup( my background is italian and it was far from italian). Every restaurant is kid friendly. They have one menu that is the same for every restaurant. We tried the buffet for dinner Los Atables and they had everything from salads to meat carvings, fish, pasta station, fresh fruit, desserts etc.Drinks: what can I say, there was lots of it. Anything we ordered they had. Pina Coladas, presidente beer, margaritas(they make awesome ones at the Avenue Bar), campari, champagne...my kids loved the Slushies with no alchohol.Beach: Ahh white sand with specks of pink coral and blue water. The first few days we noticed a bit of seaweed, not a big deal, last couple of days we were there no seaweed around. We always found a palapa and chairs. Lots of chairs around with shade. We found the Caribe side very busy as opposed to the Tropical side. They have different activities going on at the beach, bingo, darts, volleyball, sangria making, cutting up coconuts. The animation crew really go out of there way to make sure you are having fun and try and get everyone involved with the activities.Pool: we were on the Tropical side mainly kids. Lots of chairs available throughout the day. Nice atmoshphere. And yes my kids were at the pool bar as were other kids, but you are at a resort that is kid friendly.Entertainment: we did go to a few shows, I would say the Disco night and the Michael Jackson would be the ones to go to. They are kind of cheesy, but you are in the DR.Kids club: we never used the kids club, our kids wanted to hang out with us.Cannot really comment on that but I observed the mini-club and the people working were great with the kids. Anytime we came across them(kids club) they acknowledged my kids, gave them a high five, swung them around. They love the kids!We had great service where ever we were, whether it was at the pool bar, lounge ,ala carte restaurants, breakfast/lunch buffets. Just remember $1 tip goes a long way. These people work hard to make your stay pleasant. Overall we would go back, definetly would recommend this hotel. And the main thing our kids had fun!Just a few tips: if you want frozen drinks with rum or 151 rum make sure you ask for it.If you want fast service at the ala carte restaurants tip the maitre'd.Learn a few phrases in Spanish, hola(hello) uno mas(another), numbers 1-10 in spanish. Well done (bien cocido).One other thing I never mentioned before we travelled with our 2 children, one who has a severe allergy to peanuts. We never had any problems, most foods were fried in soya oil or olive oil. There were never any nuts around, we did notice peanut butter at breakfasts.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sfalsetto
<Content>The Camp a nightmare We stayed in royal service and thank god we did if not you are forced to eat at these terrible buffets as I heard from the other guests it is very hard to get reservations at the restaurants and i could see must people in the resturants were from royal service. the royal service was excellent but the hotel was a liitle to large you most take a golf cart around. my main problem was the camp we went with 3 other couples all with children ranging 2 - 10 the first day we left or kids at the camp it seemed very unorganized so we stayed close by at a near pool( there are 3 large pools) one hour after we dropped the kids off my 4 year old was wondering around the pool by himself he just walked out of the camp and when i went back to see what was going on they seemed not to understand my english very upsetting. The reason we picked this hotel was because it had a camp that catered to younger children. what if I was not close by the thought still disturbs me.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>bfa5y
<Content>Good but not great, full review Melia caribe tropicali am leaving tomorrow to return from hotel back to usa and writing while fresh in my mind. i will be writing from perspective of upper middle class american with family of 2 boys ages 13 and 9 who have traveled in caribbean-central american only, not world travelers, but who are accumstomed to nice places. will try to be fair because many reviewers are very upset or very happy and we are in the middl. had good time but not great compared to other islands.Beachpretty but not beautiful. white sands and very nice but not like aruba, cancun, cayman for example. water not as crystal clear but pretty. could not see for very far under water like other islands. lots of seaweed on beach not cleared as others say it was. still quite around lying at water line.Royal Servicewould not have been happy without this service. much more expensive than regular stay but see website on hotel for size-amenities etc. very large room about 600sqft. separate room for parents with jacuzzi, shower, double bathroom. safe worked very well, no problems. room had flat screen tv麓s with limited american channels which was good for kids whn they needed downtime and had disney channel etc.the refrigerator was stocked with all kinds of alcohol and non alcohol. had small kitchen, dining room, kids slept in converted sofa to bed at night. good storage space for clothes. nice room, cleaned in am and turned down with fresh towels in pm. maid service was excellent. dont drink water but use bottled water for brushing teeth and drinking. this is provided in large quantities in room.i really like room. right next to gabi club for RS only and pool for RS only. very few people. plenty of space and quiet and food and drink and towels. no problems with towels any time. use your towel card. everyone friendly.however, i agree with others that little english spoken. we know some spanish but often had wrong orders or drinks etc and this upset my wife. i am not brash american but for the money we spent we felt we would like to travel somewhere we we could be understood and in resorts i felt more english should be know to make us feel at home if you will.overall, RS good quality and good people for most part. many others not in RS were complaining. plus, RS got us dinner EVERY night often at LAST minute at the alacarte restaurants which many people cant get. we went to almost all.plus, RS has special transport, to special beach, roped off, plenty of chairs. no fighting for palapas. extra money, but oh the kids and wife liked the services and small amount of people we shared amenties with. well worth the money.FOODhokkoido--japanese. fried rice and meats great. salad, soup not great. nice experience for kids. desert was not what it we ordered but okay.la pagoda--not good. not at all like american chinese which we love. none of the usual foods, appetizers like we know. rice was given enough for 2 spoonfuls and we love rice with our chinese.american grill--we go tonight.le gourmet--very posh. lovely inside. i liked the food. steak-lobster was good for meat and terrible for lobster. there is no lobster at this hotel like americans think of maine lobster. not at all. few shards of lobster on any dish. beautiful and nice food.ma maison--did not go tohacienda--closest restaurant in hotel to the real thing. nachos great. fajitas great. loved the service, place. very good.atables--did not gocapri--did not go, seafoodla gondola--italian. we enjoyed. appetizers set out on tables for all to try. our dishes were good not great overall good experience. i liked it.KIDSour kids did not go to club. cant review. there are some jumpers, rock walls, outside activities we may do that looked good but cost money.GIFT SHOPokay but not great. new mall opened up next door to hotel willl try tonight. Vacation Clubwe avoided the sales reps and they let us alone. no pressure. we didnt want the free massag and to waste our time.Spavery nice. we had a couples relaxing massage and they did a good job. it was a gift from our travel agent. we are not spa people but everyone was nice and professional.Barswe are not big on drinking, but they had anything we wanted. beer is only el president no others. they had mixed drinks and tropical drinks. some have said to bring large insulated cups and we didnt. more to pack and you can have as many as you want so i didnt see the need to have a jumbo container.Clubswe did not go to any shows or discos. cant review this. others told us okay.Airportlike a little set of huts. unimpressive but they certainly got our $20-person fee immediately just for landing and they get the $10 for leaving. they only take cash so save some. i think i have these figures right. they are on dominican website also if you need to verify. dont let people take your bags bcause they go 15 feet until your tour operator or prepaid service takes them to the mini buses. from airport to room you tip 3 or 4 different people for short distances.Tourswe used vip and they are very reputable and insured and will refund your money. the snorkeling trip was nice but better snorkeling in many other countries. if this is your first you will like but if you have travelled the kids will be disappointed. we loved the people and dancing and friendliness on the boats, but the views were not good. my kids did like the sharks and stingrays up close in the netted area. we did bavaro runners and miguel was awesome. he spoke excellent english and we learned more about DR in one day with him than in entire week. we asked about everything. it made me thank god to be an american when we saw how the people lived. we are blessed with so many things we take for granted and these people are so happy with less, a simpler life.i will say that a buck was tried to be made everywhere as tourism is number 1. the kids follow the buses and want candy or handouts but i think this is b-c they have been trained by previous tourists. not pushy, just sad in my opinion. they appreciated anything you give them.the bavaro website tells you about all activities and was good. food good, rode horses, saw native house--amazing compared to what we have and makes you think--but just openhearted amazingly nice people.Moneyusa money well accepted. bring lots of 1麓s and 5`s for tips. we did not tip waiters and such for all inclusive but did tip baggage handlers and people that provided extra services. you can charge to room but excursions have to be paid in cash or credit.OVERALL1. would only do royal service2. good was good not great3. locals told me best places are something with excellente in name which is awesome but further away from main area--locals also thought highly of paradisus, riu palace and majestic. local tour guide who has lived there forever told me theses are the most presitigious. 4. enjoyed but not as much as other countries. not as much to do. kids got bored more easily. 5. most did not speak english.6. will never come back but glad i visited. our family usually goes to different country every year so we dont normally go back but i wouldnt return here like i would other places.i am happy for emails or phone calls b-c i dont type everything i want people to get the straight scoop. my email is bfalexander@hotmail.com. happy to email or send me your number and we can talk. i am not being negative b-c i had good time just not great time. as we are close to leaving, the family has not said, `dad, that was awesome!`as they have said on other vacations.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>GiselaAndDebbie
<Content>Winnipers Love Melia Caribe Tropical If you like friendly people, great service, great food and white sand beachs this is the resort for you. My friend and I had a fabulous vacation. This is a super clean resort with friendly energtic staff. We had our choice of 2 buffet restaurants for lunch each day. They serviced a excellent variety of food from hot dogs  pizza to a delecious dominican rice seafood dish. Even the fussiest eater would be satisfied here. We ate at only 3 or the 11 alacarte restaurants. The italian and dominican were excellent. The mexican was fair. I would recommend you phone for reservation the night before to get the time you want. Or you could eat at the nightly buffet. We were always pleased with the buffet. The staff are fabulous. Igor at the poolside bar would have our tasty blue drinks ready as soon as he saw us. He was happy to see us each day. Actually all the bar staff were quick to get your order. We had a wonderful and relaxing time. There was lots to do but we wanted a low key vacation. I would go back again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fourmissy
<Content>Cock Roaches in my room First night we got there they sprayed our room because I saw 1 cock roach, after the spraying 6 more run out from the bathroom, cabinets, behind picture frames. They tried to tell me it is normal in thier country, but I insisted on another room. I was moved to a room near the beach and never seen 1 bug after that. The grounds are too large, you can walk or take a train. I travel alot and this resort is not as good as people make it out to be. I figure it may be there first trip or something. There was next to no nightly entertainment. The staff was friendly, very helpful, and kept everything very clean. I would not visit this place again, I have been to alot better resorts.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PerryMason
<Content>Fantastic we approached our vacation at the melia caribe tropical with some misgivings. we had booked because friends were going to be there. then we read the reviews in trip advisor and saw that about 25% of the people hated it with complaints ranging from surly help to bad food and even getting sick.we couldn't have been happier with the hotel and its staff. the food was restaurant quality (not le cirque or david bouley, but at least as good as your neighborhood restaurant). we live in new york and dine in manhattan frequently. this food was good! we had no trouble with reservations since we were in the royal service. i definitely recommend spending the extra money to get the royal service. your butler makes the reservations for you and the private beach is not crowded and there is always a chaise and a palapa to go under. the private pool always has lounges available and the snack shack next to the private pool has food cooking all day.the waiters on the beach can't do enough for you and never pass your chaise without inquiring if you would like something. these are poor poeople and are grateful for everything and anything you can give them. i tipped $10/day to the guys at the beach, $5/day for the maid and a few $ to the waiters for each meal. the service was worth every dollar.the place is absolutely gorgeous, the landscaping is magnificent, and the rooms are wonderful. there were some complaints that the rooms were musty and had an odor but we never had that problem.the only problem was that the washing machine in the room didn't have a dryer so we had to dry our clothes on the patio. it's been a long time since i put on hard, sun-dried clothes. lol. the royal service rooms are also larger.there was no pressure to go on a time share pitch. we fell in love with the nicest beach i have seen in many years and actually bought a time-share with no pressure. we can't wait to go back. we have traveled extensively around the caribbean and felt this was the place to buy into.if you want any information about this wonderful vacation spot, contact me directly.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Binary
<Content>Smack dab in the middle The prior reviews were on the money. There are aspects that were good and others not so good.Having stayed in multiple solMelia properties, we were fairly confident of what we would find. First, understand that the grounds are huge. This is 2 resorts situated together, the caribe side and tropical side, each with 20 buildings. Melia鈥檚 other chain, the Paradisus, is right next door.We were a family of five, including kids, ages (9-4). The family suites are conveniently located near the pool and the beach, unlike Royal Service which is near the lobbies and requires a train or golf cart ride to get to the beach (5-10 min. walk). Kids and evening meals - The Agora, bar/food service, claims to only serve breakfast and lunch, but they also serve a kids buffet at night. The other half of the facility is a for pay seafood restaurant. This is a bonus and you can sign your kids into the kids club there and they will be taken to the main lobby for the kids mini disco or evening event. FYI, you pick them up at the main lobby, unfortunately, they are not returned to sender.Towels 鈥?you will need to learn that there are no fresh towels available after 3pm or so. Everyone seems to get new towels in the morning, so plan ahead.Water activities 鈥?nice stuff, but you need to reserve a day ahead if you want a sailboat. On days with a nice breeze, you most likely will not be sailing as they do not seem to allow the boats out.Sales people 鈥?There are lots of people always milling about trying to sell you something. They are relentless in their efforts and really quite a detraction.Charging 鈥?The hotel seems to believe all travels have rolls of cash on them. There are nice activities and items for sale, but credit cards are rarely accepted. The water sports folks will not allow you to charge anything under $100. It costs $95 for parasailing, $85 before 11am, but you can鈥檛 pay with a credit card, only cash since it is less than the minimum. Want to get the kids out on a banana boat ride, oops, hope you have the $40 cash on the spot. You get the pointBaby sitting 鈥揟he rates are $10 per hour for the first child, and $5 per hour for each additional child. So our going rate was $20 per hour for a sitter who could not understand our children. Very frustrating for them and us. As stated before, at other solMelia properties, we were provided with higher quality staff.Rooms 鈥?perfectly decent. Good size and outfitted well.Reservations 鈥?good luck if you want a reservation for a big party, say 8 or more people. They will insist the only times available are 6 or 9pm. We finally worked around this by making 2 reservations under different rooms for the same time and location. You will also have to be a real phone jockey to get decent times. You can begin to make reservations at 9pm the night before, but be fore warned, you will be pressing the redial button a lot. Internet - $4 for 15 minutes or you can purchase an all you can eat pass for $50. There is wireless available in some of the buildings, but they are located adjacent to the business center lobby. Forget about the emails from the balcony while admiring the beach.Extensions to remember:6313 鈥?reservations3000 鈥?service expressIn summary, the staff really does try to serve you, but you will be disappointed sometime. Set your expectations accordingly, bring more cash than normal and you will have a perfectly fine time. Don鈥檛 forget the Pepto, you will most likely need it!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Louiseee
<Content>All Inclusive? I read the reviews on this resort after booking our trip. We had concerns about the negative reviews, but realize you can't please all of the people all of the time, and so we decided to go open minded. Considering what this trip cost I suppose it is good value for money, however, we understand there is a price for good service and are willing to pay for it, and therefore, would not return here.There are 7 al -a -carte restaurants at this resort - wonderful! we will be able to eat at a different one every night, ... uh uh, ... we were only able to eat at 3, which were the least popular ones at the least popular time of day (6:00 p.m.)... and they were only 1/4 full. As mentioned by other reviewers one must make a reservation, either that day beginning at 8 a.m. or the previous evening beginning at 9:00 p.m. I thought these complainers were probably just too disorganized to call at the appropriate times. If we called first thing in the morning everything was booked but they suggested calling back @ 4:00 p.m. - maybe something would be available then (?) That is how we obtained the reservations we got, but there was never any choice. O, I thought, OK, we have to be quicker on the draw and thus tried calling @ 9:00 p.m. The phone rang busy, busy, busy until I got through @ 9:30 p.m. Everything is BOOKED The next night we tried again on automatic redial, hooray! I got through 10 minutes earlier @ 9:20 p.m. only to hear everything is booked! What does it take to get a reservation? I asked. lady, there are a lot of people at this resort, we have been answering the phones for 20 minutes solid. My husband spoke to someone at Guest Services about this problem, to no avail. We found this was causing us stress. As this was supposed to be a vacation to unwind we gave up and resorted to eating at the buffets. Beware, there is a pecking order at this resort. We found out talking to various guests that they block off seats in the restaurants for; first of all the Royal Service guests, secondly, the condo owners, thirdly the potential condo buyers, and lastly if there are any seats left, they are up for grabs by the poor plebs like us. I have addressed some of the other concerns mentioned by previous reviewers:Check In: At the best it is slooow. For us, ... it was disastrous!There were only 2 other groups of people in front of us checking in but it took almost an hour for the procedure. The employees behind the desk stare at a computer screen without any communication with the patrons and click: stare and click, stare and click. You get the picture. Finally we secure a key to our room. We relinquished our bags to the bellboy and carry our carry on bags, as they hold our valuables, computer etc. They are heavy. It is dark. It is late. We are tired. Did I mention how big the resort is? Finally we find our room. We walk in, ... houskeeping has not been in this room since the last guests left; bed unmade, dirty towels strewn about and something sticky spilled on the floor. After a few superlatives were exchanged we shlepped back to the front desk. The young lady who listened to our problem did not say a word to us but started the stare and click procedure all over again. (we found out a few days later she did not speak any English) A more senior person came along - did appologize, and said he upgraded us to a better VIP room (it was exactly the same as the first room except housekeeping had visited it.) and that we should look him up to obtain a really nice dinner reservation. Why would we need his help with that???Grounds: The grounds are beautiful, lush and tropical. The resort is huge. For the most part we enjoyed walking around, but it is definately not the place to go for the elderly or the immobile. Yes, there is a train to get you around if you so choose, but, the walk from your room to the closest train station could be quite a trek.Walkways: The cobblestone walkways look lovely. The first day I wore fairly flat sandles, after turning over on my ankle 3 times the first day I threw glamor to the wind and resorted to wearing running shoes everwhere. Ladies, leave your strappy high heals at home. I brought a pair, but would not wear them. The walkways are VERY slippery when wet. They have signs stating this every 10 feet. Bugs and Pests: As there had been some malaria outbreaks in this region it was a concern. I think you have more chance of getting West Nile virus in your own backyard at home than malaria here. There is an obvious lack of insects. They are kept in check. The real PESTS are the ones selling timeshares! They are unavoidable as they are set up at the entrances to the buffets and the main buildings. At first we were pleasantly responding with No gracious That didn't deter them enough and so we escalated to ignoring them. Once when we used this method we were met with a raised voice and: hey! I'm talking to you! I asked you a question!Language: This is a Spanish speaking country. People complaining about the lack of English should stay home - or so I thought. I would expect the maids, waiters, bus boys, most staff not to speak english. However, when the majority of their guests are English speaking, you would expect a requirement for certain positions (such as the front desk) would be to speak English. This is the hospitality industry.Pools: they were beautiful. Lots of cabanas, but people try to reserve them with towels, although there are signs everywhere asking you not to do this. The Tropical pool is less crowded, although this is where the kid's centre is, so - lots of kids. I happen to like kids, and so don't see this as negative. Great for families.Seaweed: There seemed to be quite a discrepancy with other reviewers regarding this point. I undertstand why. When we first arrived there was a natural debris on the beach from the water. It was almost like pine needles. It was racked every day and not a problem. However, after 3 days of near gale force winds, the seaweed came in! It was not nice. They continued to rake the beach, which was fine, but they could not begin to tackle what was laying in the water. The water was dense with loose seaweed from the shoreline for about 20 ' out. Very few people ventured into the water. Tennis: Great - no problem making reservations here!Runners: They mention an amenity of the resort is a running path I think they mean those uneven slippery cobble stones. I can't imagine running on that, although we did see some people. We ran on the road at the back of the resort or on the beach.Food: Mediocre. As the week passed we learned. The paella at the beach buffet is very good. The pasta bars are good. Fresh breads - great. It's not a matter of taste - a lot of food is over cooked or sitting around too long to be at it's best.Illness: At first we were very cautious about what we ate. We always used bottled water, even for teeth brushing. We never had ice cubes. As the week went on we became less cautious about what we ate. On the last day I got sick and it took me about 5 days to recover. My husband came home with a peculiar rash, but it has not been diagnosed. (?)Service: Apart from the experiences already outlined, the service is inconsistant. Sometimes good, sometimes not so good. On 2 separate occasions when asked what I would like to drink a beer was ordered. The meal was finished and we left before I ever received my beverage. They are very proficient at removing dishes, ... sometimes before you're finished. On one day I visited the towel hut 3 times before obtaining a beach towel. Rooms: Our's was clean and spacious; king size bed, sitting area, large washroom, and a lovely terrace. The terraces are quite private and we enjoyed the quiet solitude here.Smoking: Coming from a nearly smoke free society, we found the other patrons smoking quite offensive, ... I suppose this would be the same throughout the island. On one occasion there was a table of smokers (about 6) the waiter told these people they couldn't smoke there. They pretty much told him where to go. Advice: If, like ourselves, you have already booked your trip and are now reading these reviews, I would strongly suggest you see if you can upgrade to Royal Service. Good luck.If, like ourselves you have already, unfortunately, booked this resort, see if you can upgrade to Royal Service.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>loripie01
<Content>Enjoyed our stay..beautiful grounds       Gorgeous pool!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>chinty
<Content>Life is truly a beach! My family and I went to the glorious and quite notorious Punta Cana and we were so impressed, as it surpassed our expectations. From the time you get off the airplane, you can't miss a beat of the rhythmic Bachata. The hotel is majestic in size and there's something for everyone- our children 11 and 9 year olds loved the sports on the beach; our 6 and 3 year olds loved the kids club- especially when they had shows and the play place to themselves some of the time. My mother and her best friend loved it as well. However I must admit that they were somewhat disappointed with the fact that Punta Cana is definitely not like Cancun. The hotel is designed for you to stay within the grounds. You actually get around in a tram-it's too large to walk to the different locations. There's definitely night life (even for kids), at a slower and more quiet pace. My husband and I got to bar-hop and dance (again, it's no Senor Frogs). The quisine was delectable, and we had several options to choose from. The rooms were quite comfortable, and although we had 2 rooms, we fit perfectly in 1. The bathrooms were clean but nothing like a bathroom in a Las Vegas suite. This can easily be overlooked once you get to the beach. Oh, it was heavenly and unbelievably refreshing. Wear sun screen! Go snorkeling! The sunset was enchanting! The pool was an oasis-dreamy. Everyone was extremely friendly, including hotel staff. Your enjoyment and satisfaction is their top priority. As a parent, I must warn you that, as natural as it may be (in Europe), you ought to prepare the kids to see a lot of toplessness. It's very much a European vacationing spot. We met some exciting jet setters! Being a frequent traveler, and having visited some of the most recommended beaches in the world, Punta Cana is a must and Melia will certainly meet your expectations. Melia helped make our vacation one of the most memorable. Friends recommended the melia and we have also recommended Melia to friends...they've been just as pleased. Cynthia Coello  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UNDALUM
<Content>Will Definetly Be Back This was one of my best vacations ever. There was a group of around 20 or so of us total who went down for our friend's wedding (Congrats Scott and Trina!!). We came from all over the US and no one had any problems with the resort (delayed planes were another story, but it all worked out in the end). Here are a few tips that I wish I'd known before I left: cabs were very easy to get, and worked out actually better than the people we were with who bought the ground transportation because we didn't have to wait for the buses which only went to the resort a few times a day ($25/cab, most cabs are minivans); there is a blowdryer in the room (at least the ones we were in); be sure to have your room on the side of the resort closest to the ocean (nicer and much more convenient); taking the later eating time in the resort was actually really cool, we got the restaurant basically to ourselves a couple times (besides with the time change, 9:45 was only 7:45 at home, and if you eat a later lunch, this worked out just fine); the $10 tourist card is a joke, but yes, you do have to get one, they make you buy it when you first get into the airport, and then you give it back 2 minutes later; we heard rumors we had to buy another one to leave, we didn't to go back to the US, not sure about Canada. The wedding was beautiful, except the coordinator did the translating from the judge, and she wore her miller light key chain around her neck during the ceremony (a little tacky). My boyfriend was one of their witnesses, and when he went to go sign the papers, the judge was over an hour late which pushed the ceremony back an hour, but this was just fine, remember you are on their time! Scott and Trina chose to use the gazebo instead of the beach as they were told anyone could walk up to the ceremony on the beach and the gazebo was a little more private (lots of topless chicks on the beach, lots of banana hammocks as well) The wedding cake was awesome! As was the dinner (from the french restaurant). We ate at the restuarants every night but one, when we ate buffet. Italian  Seafood were not impressive, but edible. The french was awesome, American was good. Eat the Italian one for lunch buffet though, they get the leftovers from the restaurants (nothing like filet mignon for lunch) and is way better than the beach buffet (you do have to wait 'til noonish to eat here, and you'll want to wear more than a bikini). We hung out at the casino most nights, not just to gamble, but they had big couches so we could hang out with our group. As for shopping, I highly recommend the mall over the beach vendors. No bargaining over there so you don't feel like you're getting ripped off and the stuff was better quality. The prices in the mall were very reasonable, even the clothing stores, there is also a Brugal (Dominican Rep rum, it's very good) store in the mall which is cheaper than the resort or the beach vendors (remember, no more than 2 liters can be brought back to the US). One last tip: I did go parasailing, and you can talk them down quite a bit on this, go later in the afternoon, we paid $60 for the two person one, just tell them you talked to someone farther down the beach who will take you for cheaper. Congrats again Mr Scott and Trina!! We'll join you for your anniversary next year!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TPOregon
<Content>Not a 5 Star 3.5 star We just returned 10-21 FEB. We chose this resort as my niece was getting married.The problems started for her..very business uncaring wedding planners.New tax instituted 1FEB from government of 375-500 USD on weddings that some people were paying and other couples had the wholesaler [Thompson Holidays] from England] absorb cost.First Choice initially was not going to which was who she booked thru.We are from USA so did booking here.We were VIP.. did not see much difference except guest sevices did help with dinner reservations..Serious problems with food ..we managed all specialty restaurants and the French and Capri [seafood] were the best but the management needs to take a look at the staff serving...very disorganized and and served cold.We had 1 warm meal at seafood after being there x2.The buffets had lots of course as mentioned catering to all cultures which was good.Lots of Europeans versus Americans so that was fun.I beer and only 1 beer,,,Presidente which got old after awhile.I white table wine and 1 red table wine ..poor quality but you could get a bottle of cheap American chardonnay for 30 USD.Sometimes drinks did not have alcohol in them which was funny to watch.Majority of people should go to Paradisus next door which had all the beers and higher drink labels.For the price we paid it was a 3.5 star instead of 5.The poor people that woud ring and ring for the dinner woud always think they were missing something but they were not except not being herded in a buffet.Beach as reported is the best and the water lovely.Shore excursions are double snorkeling prices elsewhere 73 USD but the rep told me they get 45 percent commission on tours so there you go.Wedding did turn out loely as grounds are immaculate so how could the background spoil a bride.The Royal Service she was in still did not get housekkeping for 2 days and they were limited on the block they had for booking restaurants.I did go see Riu Palace and I love the Riu properties.Never to go back..no one got sick but we were careful.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>xcrunners
<Content>Melia Is Fantastic Our first time at an all-inclusive resort in the Caribbean. Previous vacations were mostly in the USA and cruises. Family consists of middle age parents and college and high school age children. Melia Caribe exceeded all expectations. The villas are clean, well appointed, comfortable and can accommodate up to six. Towels, sheets etc are very clean and luxurious. Soaps and shampoos are amply provided. The staff makes all attempts to speak English and are always helpful and friendly, unlike other Caribbean islands. Check in can be a bit slow. All common area rooms are inviting and well furnished. The grounds are meticulously maintained. During this President's Week there were many Americans, but also French, Spanish, Italian and German speaking guests, so there was definitely an international flavor. The security on the grounds is very good. Never felt unsafe. Walked miles on the beach, but never went off the grounds.I was concerned about the food because I had read the reviews about all inclusive resorts before my trip. The food was excellent and the presentation was always under healthful, clean conditions. No one in our group or our friends got sick. Reservations at the ala carte restaurants can be a bit of a pain, but if you keep trying throughout the day, you will get something. Ate at the French, Italian and American restaurants and all were top notch. The buffets were terrific. The food is definitely cruise level quality - Norwegian, Celebrity Cruise lines. The entertainment is not cruise level, but it passes the time. Not much organized activities for adults, but there is still plenty to do on your own. Looks like a lot of good stuff for little kids. Didn't appear to be a great place for singles or college kids. The beach is spectacular. Can't write about the bars, but the service looked very good.There is pressure to take a timeshare tour. But, the sales staff are only as persistent as you allow them to be. Same goes for the vendors on the beach. You must negotiate. This is a terrific resort. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aliceaw
<Content>Great Vacation, Bad Bugs       Start of Obstacle Course  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SynTia
<Content>Wow ! I'm not used to writing reviews but this time I just had to. My boyfriend and I are late 20s and we just got back from a wonderfull trip in Punta Cana at the Melia Hotel. Now you must know Melia already has a reputation of being good hotels. After reading some of the review I though this one didn't hold up to the name. OH HOW WRONG ! it was amazingly clean, the rooms, the restaurants. The service was very attentionate, they don't speak english or french very well but they understand what's important. The  a la carte restaurant were very good very chic again service very good. And by the way the wine is NOT that bad. The drink are also very good. Bottom line I recommende this hotel to anybody who wants to spend a great vacation. Not the party place though so if you're looking the party like it's 1999 maybe try something else. I would go back tomorrow if i could :-)  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>lisalisaToronto
<Content>Exceeded expectations I stayed at the Melia from Feb. 10-17th, and had a fantastic time.Toronto, CanadaHere are my thoughts on the resort:Food: Buffet Breakfast: Amazing coffee! I love good coffee, and can say I have drinking swill at home. Fresh juices, made to order omelets (tip the cook sweating back there); Buffet lunch: Excellent choices. Paella every day. I liked the noodle version best. Fried chicken is great! So are the burgers, make sure to ask them to cook it well. Try the pork, they marinate it every day.You have to know what to order. Think chicken, pork, and seafood. This is what the D.R. does best. Dinner: La Hacienda: Again, think CHICKEN. I had chicken enchiladas, which were great. Fajitas were not sizzling like home, but good.Ma Maison: I ordered the beef tenderloin which was great, even though I thought it would be chewy and tough, it was not. And, I know Canadian Beef rocks, so was relunctant. I am used to buying Rib Eyes at Bruno's, so I am picky. Very good. Sparkling Wine is not good. Stick to the wine. I actually brought my own champagne, which the bartender chilled in an ice bucket for us.Be courteous, and friendly, and then ask for what you want. You will get better results. Dominican Restaurant: Order the chicken with rice. Yummy! Chicken is a Dominican specialty.Italian: I ordered grouper. It was not so good. My cousin ordered the pasta, and she enjoyed it.American Grill: Great onion rings. I had the pork ribs (pork is their specialty), and they were great.Chinese: Who would have thought the Chinese would be good? I had the shrimps. Oh my god. Delicious! Steak also good.Never tried the dinner buffetBeach: Wonderful. Lots of chairs. Just move your chair with the shade as the day progresses. Yes, there is some seaweed in the ocean. This is a good sign of a healthy sea. Sand is white, water is great. Lots to look at including topless women (no they are not all 50), boats, palm trees, and the little airplane. If you walk to the end of the beach on the right side, you will find lots of seashells and rocks.Pool: Did not use it, but has lots of chairs, great bartender (Phausto) with wicked green eyes. Why can't the men in T.O. be so open and forward?Bars: Bars are great. Bartenders are awesome. Try the local Mamajuana. It is a local drink made of herbs, honey, rum, and wine. It is the Domincan's version of natural Viagra. It is good. They have a HUGE bottle at the Caribe Bar. They also have a dedicated Mojito bar. Mojito is a drink with rum, soda, lime, sugar, and mint. It is DELICIOUS. I say have one more. Or in spanish: UNO MAS, por favor. Love the retro Japanese looking bar in the Caribe side. Can be a little boring if you are single and want to party however....I guess can't expect there to be many singles.Room: Very clean. Lots of towels. Bed is ok. It's not the same as my King size Serta feather top at home, but as if it would be...Grounds: Unbelievably breathtaking. They are constantly manicuring the trees, gardens, and ponds. They even have a lily pond, 20 or more peacocks, ducks, NO MOSQUITOS ever. I never saw one at all. They must spray the grounds. I brought deet, but was not worried at all. The groundskeepers work hard.Traffic: the only minor annoyance would be the traffic on the resort. It is so huge, they have a trolley, and also mopeds, trucks, golf carts, pedestrians, all on the same road. I think they use diesel fuel also, which is smelly. But, oh well...walk to dinner at night is beautiful with the stars and trees. I would recommend this resort to anyone. I loved it. I think I had an amazing deal since I went on a last minute, and paid only $1,200. I feel I got a steal at this price considering the excellent service and food. Remember to tip. Not to get better service, but because the staff deserves it. Bring a LOT of $1 U.S.bills. I tipped at all meals, bars, and room. It may be included, but I am not sure who gets what, and it made me feel better.Remember Uno Mas! Cafe Negro or Cafe Con Leche are also very important phrases.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vacationer38
<Content>fabulous!!!!! This was by far the best all inclusive with kids that you could possibly go to!! The kids club was awsome....we were with three families with kids ranging from 2 - 10 and each one had a great time at camp!! The food was great!! Resort was well kept and beautiful!! Not a negative thing I could say!! As far as people saying they got sick....that could happen anywhere at anytime!! We were all fine the whole week!! We have been to other all inclusives...club med, iberostars, beaches....this was better by far then beaches....more eating varieties then club med, and on par with iberstar...however, I did hear that the iberstar in mexico is awsome and I will try that one next. Would definately highly recommend!!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rafaelperez_perez
<Content>An awesome stay       Valentines Day  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ponchie
<Content>I'd go back We went down for the week of Feb 3 - Feb 10. Our group consisted of 20 people varying in age. I think one of the few complaints that I would have (if not the only) was the check in...CHECK IN - We arrived around midnight on the saturday and our group was the only one checking in at that time. My wife and I were checked in quickly, but we waited for the rest of the group (since they were there for our wedding), and it was a little painful. I'd say it took over an hour to get everybody checked in and I think there were 2 or 3 employees there for that purpose. The one other problem related to this process is that if another bus arrives after you, it's not first come first serve. People will just make their own lines and disregard the fact that there were others there before them. So be prepared to have that happen to you. There's consolation in the fact that the bar is a few steps away, so one person can grab drinks while you wait. Once it was over, nobody cared about the wait...GROUNDS - The grounds are pretty awesome. Everything is very colorful and well taken care of. I dind't mind the walking, and I don't think anybody in our group did. Our villa was closer to the beach, so we had to walk to the lobby and restaurants which was about 10 minutes at the local pace, so it's not that bad. It made me feel a little better about all the food and booze I was consuming. They have the resort train and golf carts around for rides if you don't want to walk. The walkways are slippery when they're wet. I almost bit it a few times around the pool, so just be aware of that. It's not a big deal...ROOMS - The rooms were clean and well maintained. Our maid took care of our room everyday, unless we asked her not to because it wasn't needed. The fridge was re-stocked everyday with bottled water and soda (i'd never had that done before at an all-inclusive).DRINKS - The service at the bars was quick and friendly. I only had beer and rum-and-cokes but there were others ordering different types of drinks, and as far as I could tell they could make it all. I only tipped once every few trips, or if I ordered a bunch of drinks at once and they were quick to snatch it up, but they didn't seem bothered if nothing was left.FOOD and RESTAURANTS - My wife and I were fortunate enough to have a few nights at the restaurants. We ate at the: JAPANESE - (good), CHINESE / THAI - (good), MEXICAN - (good). Our other nights were set up because of our wedding, so I don't know where the food came from, but it was good (beef tenderloin). We had one night at the Atables buffet, and there's a pretty good selection. The breakfast and lunch buffets are all quite good as well, whether you eat at the beachside ones or the others. Oh, and I think for the 3 or 4 reservations that we had to make, we were able to call around 2 in the afternoon and get prime times for the same night...never had a problem.POOLS - huge, clean, swim up bars...BEACH / WEATHER - Awesome. The beach had a minimal amount of seaweed...who cares. The weather was perfect everyday...30 celsius and sunny.GOLF - My friends and I golfed twice. We didn't have a tee time on either occasion. If you don't have a tee time, don't bother with the pro shop. Go downstairs and see one of the guys with the clipboards and they'll get you on. They know the availability of the carts much better. If you want to book legit, good luck getting an early time. I think you can only call one day in advance. The course was pretty good.WEDDING - As for correspondance via email before you get there, be prepared to have delayed responses from the wedding coordinator. I don't know if there's much you can do about it. My wife met with the wedding coordinator the day before the wedding. It was supposed to be a day earlier, but the lady was sick. I wasn't there, but I gathered that it was all pretty straight forward. When you get there, it'll all seem pretty last minute, but they did a great job of putting it all together. For in between the ceremony (2pm) and dinner (8pm) we rented a party yacht for our group (50 bucks US per person). it was an awesome time and perfect for our of wedding.SUGGESTIONS:-Bring at least 50 bucks in ones (US currency of course) for tips-When you check in, the bellboys are there to take your bags for you. have them do it and give them a couple of bucks when you get your bags at your room.-don't stay up all night and then pass out on the beach (in the sun) at 8 in the morning.-don't be afraid to grease some palms to get what you want. it doesn't take much.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>borbolla
<Content>Our 5th stay at Melia We went to Melia for the 5th time on Dec. 7th and were there for 10 days. I guess I don't have to tell you that we love this beautiful resort. We went, for the first time, when we celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary, and we've been going every Dec. since then. We've taking our children, four of them, although not at the same time because of their school schedule, and they all love it. Two of them have been going for the last three years during easter vacation and have made many friends. They are looking forward to go this easter and have made reservations already. The employees are the best... We love Robert and Rosemary at the Turey Buffet and also Emilio at the bar there. Magda, the waitress at the bar by the Fun Pub,,,,we love you....and of course Maria at the bar by the Casino...she is going to marry a fellow from Chicago when????? Also, although we don't have small children, we got very close to Ruth from the Kids Club, a very responsible young lady whom we have adopted as our godchild.You have to meet , Jerry , the cook from the Japanese Restaurant, some personality....(our favorite restaurant)This last time we took my mom, who turned 85 years old there and she loved it. The beautiful gardens, the walk from our room, on building 35, to the front lobby, she refused to take the train...The pools are unbelievable, well kept and organized. About the people harassing you to purchase a time share, just say you are not interested and they will not bother you again. If you encounter a problem with the room or with anything else, just call the front desk and they will send you help...probably not as fast as you would expect it but don't get upset, you're on vacation....The beach is gorgeous....seaweed?? it's cleaned every morning... Well, I could go on and on with a lot more but in short I just want to recommend this resort to everyone that is looking to spend some time in heaven.....  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Island-Traveler23
<Content>Great Week at the Melia Just got back from a the Melia. We stayed Feb3 - Feb. 10 and it was a fantastic time. This was the second time that my wife and I have gone here and it was even better the second time. Please do not worry about the bad reviews. I do not think anything would make them happy. But, do remember you are in a foreign country so the food and customs maybe a little different. I enjoy that.Pool Area.- Best part of the trip. Bring a raft if you like to float in the water and get a tan. It will keep you cooler. The sun is very strong and it does get hot out of the water. Pool is large and you do not have to fight for chairs, unless you get to the pool around 2pm. Bring a insulated mug. The bartenders will fill it up no problem. It was nice getting the 32oz. Beer and not having to go back the bar for another small cup that they give out. Tip the bartenders a few bucks when you first arrive, it will payoff with fast service the rest of the week.Beach Area - Water was great and no real problem with seaweed. They clean it every day. Good water sports for all. Nice breeze all the time to keep you cool.Food- One of the best All-inclusive in the carribbean. The food is aliitle spicy so I will admit it was a good idea to bring the Gas-X. We never got sick just aliitle gas. The American grill was excellent. A surprising good steak and the chicken was very good. Room - Large for just the 2 of us. Maid did a good job of cleaning. Leave her a few dollars at the beginning of the trip and it will play off.Service - Check-in and check-out was Fast. They were great.Oerall - Was a great week!!! This is a great place to go and relex!!!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Dudley1V
<Content>Best Vac. Ever!!! We were at the Melia from the 5th of Feb thru the 12th. My niece had been there3 weeks before and had a few issues of which we experienced NONE!!! It was our 6th trip to the Dominican, our first to this facility. I ardiously read the reviews prior to going and got nervous about some, there were a couple that said nix the bad ones.I'd have lowered my blood pressure earlier had I heeded the positive ones.We had been upgraded to the Royal Service (an experience second to none!) Private check in, no lines, our own butler, 24 hr room service w/ limited menu. Pool and Beach bar service.Was there the usual tropical (slightly musty) odor, yes! You're in the tropics Handle it! Was there a bug in our room, yes, 2 over 7 days,we live in an $750m.home and have the same thing in he summer.Did the sales agents approach you about the Vacation club? Yes, Tell them you already bought or STERNLY not interested.THEY are POLITE BUT PERSISTANT.Our friends bought.The entertainment was better than average for resorts but one night was unquestionably Broadway quality! njoyed the Italian rest. not keen on Int'l La gourmet.Did breakfast at the Gabi Club and as well dinners. I've had enough Filet, lobster and Shrimp for a month!!! Go Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>puntacana06
<Content>peaceful and calming My husband and I visited Melia Caribe Tropical in August 2006 . We stayed a week and I wish it could have been more. We spent a little extra money and had Royal Service. I must say it was the best thing we could have done. The rooms were clean and kept nicely with daily cleaning and amenities . The staff couldn't do more . They were very pleasant and did there jobs well. Eduardo whom we had as our butler did a phenomenal job keeping us happy and content. The pool service was great and the pool itself was absolutely gorgeous .No words can describe. I just had to get the music (ChillOut CD) they played poolside . Very relaxing .The Gabby Restaurant was beautiful with there fountains and scents and great service. They made us feel like it was our home with there service , pleasant faces and greetings daily.The beach was a 5 min walk with beautiful gardens to get there.Or you could use the golf carts which were very accommodating. The beach was beautiful with a bar and great service for drinks. It was nice to have our own area on the beach . I must say I felt safe with the security . All in all I will be visiting very soon again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MooresvilleNC
<Content>Great for families with small kids -( NOT Royal Service review) We stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from Feb4 to Feb9 2007. I stayed there with my mother, my husband, and my toddlers (2 and 4). This was a fantastic vacationKIDS CLUB- They have three catergories 4 months to 4 years, 5 to 12, and a teenager club. I had both my children in the same room, 4 months to 4 years. The staff is nice, the room is very clean. I noticed many cribs in a separated room (monitored with Camera), a highchair, and an Avent sterilizer. There really isn't any program or activities for the kids, they basically play with the toys (car, kitchen, etc.), watch cartoons, or colors. Only on the first day they went to the playground for 5 minutes and that was it. I felt good about this because of all the water around the club I felt more confident having them confined in the club. I noticed that the next two groups were much more entertained. I am not sure if the staff of the baby club spoke good English because both my kids speak Spanish. In short, your kids are in good hands in that Baby Club.ROOM- I hadn't requested it but there were 3 beds and 1 crib in our room. We did request connecting room so that my mother (staying in a separate room) and ourselves could babysitt the kids while relaxing next door. We were told the rooms did connect but they didn't. As far as I know there are no connecting rooms at all in the regular hotel, but there are plenty in the Royal Service. We could have moved for an additional $1400 for the 2 rooms for the 5 days, which we didn't feel was worth it.The rooms are very clean, I noticed some paint coming of the wall, but I guess given the climatic conditions this is normal. The shower was a problem in both room, no matter how you positioned the curtain the water would be all over the floor. The pillows weren't great either. Besides that the rooms are great and spacious.RESTAURANTS - The food was very good to great, depending on the restaurant. There is just so much choice, it is overwelming. The food doesn't taste like we are used to it, but this is what happens when you travel abroad. We ate twice in the Restaurant a la Carte, the Mexican was average with great service whereas the Chinese was excellent with slow but friendly service. We usually preferred to eat at the buffet at night to be able to pace ourselves with the kids. Highchairs are available everywhere. It is true that a $2 tip will get you a long way.POOL / BEACH- the pools are great and clean. This seems like a huge hotel, however, we sometimes had a portion of the pool for ourselves. The beach is great and very clean. We have walked a lot on the beach and the Melia is definitely the place to be. Neighboring hotels have really nasty, overcrowded beaches. The best thing was that even at 11 AM you can find lounge chairs in the shade under a palapa, at the beach and the pool.GROUNDS- you do have to walk a lot and it feels great! You are on a vacation, relax and take it slowly. It is fantastic to walk in this hotel, the vegetation is beautiful, and so are the animals walking on it. It is very dangerous and slippery when wet though! We would leave the room around 9am, go have breakfast next to the beach and pool, have lunch there, and then go back to the room to get changed for diner. We were at the fresh aire from 9-6 everyday. Just fantastic.IN GENERAL- It is the perfect place for families with small kids. The check in is a rather slow process, but this is the carribbean way of life. At check-out, if you plan to have the bell boy come and pick up your luggage, call 15 minutes ahead.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>kat6_nj
<Content>Fantastic place to Go-Great for Families! We went to the Melia Carib Tropical from Jan 20 -27 for the week and first and foremost, it was wonderful. We traveled with another couple/friend who also had a daughter the same age as mine - 19months, and we both agreed, it was just the perfect vacation, and we just had the best time while there. We were greeted with a warm welcome and drinks while checking in, it Couldn't have started better. I was also 15 wks pregnant and worried at first, but had no issues at all.We got there very early at about 1pm, but check into the room wasn't until 4pm(I'm guessing the people before had a late check out and they still had to get the rooms ready), and they will hold your suitcase up front with the concierage until they bring them to your rooms, so after we checked in at the desk, we went to our suitcases got some bathing suits for us and the kids and changed in the bathrooms, put on some sunscreen, and headed to the pools! We didn't mind a bit, as that's all we want to do anyway- is get out there in the sun.Through the week, we noticed there were lots of families, but also lots of Honeymooners--as there was a wedding EVERYday that we were there! Lots of singles and young couples too, but the place is SO big, that we didn't feel like we were intruding on anyone's vacation, and yet there were also lots of families there too that we met, so it was a good mix!So here is the run down of each part:The Grounds: Yes, it is very large, and yes it is very spread out, but it never bothered us. It was such a beautiful tropical well-maintained ground that the girls loved it, and we didn't mind the walks. Our rooms were next to each other and was in the closest building you could get to the beach  pool. But the nighttime buffets and restaurants are all at the other end (the front) where is is about a 15min walk. But being that we ate so much every night, it was no issue for us, and the girls loved looking at everything. We both did bring strollers and so glad we did for them. The Pool/Beach:The Pools and Beach are very close to each other. The pool (there are 2, on either side of the complex, but they are the same) is a HUGE freeflowing pool and has a swim-up bar. One end of it has a walk-in wading area, which most of the families seem to hang near, since the kids can just walk in at there own pace and play and not have to worry too much about it getting too deep. Since it's so huge, honeymooners and couples hung mostly near the bar and the other side of the pool, which again, the pool is so big, that no one was bothered by anyone of the different types of people staying at the hotel.The Chairs and Cabanas and thatched Umbrellas: We got a Cabana everymorning, when our girls woke up at about 7:00am, one of us walked out and put some of our things there to reserve it for us and our friends. We like the one spot in partculer because it was close to the shallow end of the pool, but when we went to breakfast usually by about 8:30/9, there were still plenty of thatched umbrellas and sunny chairs left all over theplace. We had read on here to get out early to claim your spot, so we did, but I don't think it wouldn't been that big of an issue even an hour or so later.--The Beach was VERY nice. The waves were just like here at the NJ shore--not to big, not to small--enough were I trusted my 19mo old daughter to run back and forth with her bucket and pail to get water. There was a bunch or seaweed in a thin line across the beach, but they do rake it up every morning, and it was mostly only there on the windy days--it was windy (a nice breeze so you didn't feel hot) all the days until the last days of our trip--Thur, and Fri, and then there was barely any seaweed at all--if any.There are pletny of water sprots to choose from: My husband did Kayaking, Sunfish surfing, and we were going to paddle nboat one day, but just never got around to it. They also have parasailing and boat tours,,etc....lots to do.---We brought a raft with us to float on since we read some reccomended it, and we are SO glad we did! It was so worth it! I floated around in it while reading my book in the pool and we carried drinks on it as we picked them up from the bar. Afterwe were done with it, we passed it onto another family who had just gotten there and they were so grateful and we told them to do the same--just pass it one when they are done. If you buy a raft there-it is $20 bucks. We bought ours at Wal-Mart before we left for $6 and it was small enough to fit in my husbands suitcase--about the size of paperbackbook that it was very worht it! I reccomend bringing a float!The Rooms:We couldn't have gotten a better room is we asked for it! We were in the very last building in 36, which is the closest you can be to the pool, the beach, and lunch buffet. It was perfect!! They were very nice and roomservice came ona daily basis and were very kind. The second day we were there, we did not have hot water, so we called the front desk and told them, Someone was there to fix the problem within 5minutes, and we never had a problem after that. The crib was okay, did it's job, and my dauhgter never seemed to care. There is a coffemaker, a Frdge w/fresh water and soda everyday. It was a very nice basic room.The RS rooms I think have there own area and own pool, not near the other stuff, but def far from the beach if you enjoy the beach.The Food:First of all, you MUST realize you are going to another country to eat different kinds of food. You are not going to an American Style COuntry Buffet...so to those people who complain, would never travel well in any other country, in my opinion. We've traveled a lot-Caribean to Europe and we have yet to go anywhere where the food was bad. To say it: The food was Good! The buffets changed every day, but yet at the same time, do get a bt tiresome at the end of the week. There is a fresh make-to-order pasta station that was always good and reliable if you don't like the other choices, as well as a fresh make-to-order omelette station in the morninngs. We were nervous to eat some of the fresh vegetables, until I just said what the heck--go for it-and I never got sick, and no one else did, and I ate a salad. My friend actually saw them pouring bottled water into the pasta cooker, which tells me prob most of their things they wash in bottles/purified water. We did not drink any of the tap water obviously, but did drink the drinks with Ice-cubes and had no problems--none of us our of 4 adults and 2 children.The Restaurants:We ate at the Thai/Chinese place, which was very good, twice. We ate at the Mexican, which was okay, and the Mediterranian, which was also very good. We could never get reservations for a good time at the Hibachi, because it was 6 of us, but that didn't bother us to much, since we figured we live by one at home anyway!The Kid's Clubs:We went one day to check it out--there is an open playground where kids and parents can go play. The staff is in there with the mid-aged group doing activities and the kids seem totally engaged and having fun. I asked to look inside where the Baby CLub is, although he had noplans to leave my daughter, (since we traveld with our friend so we could alternate nights/days of who goes out alone) I have worked in childcare for 11+ years and could tell it was a good, nice, clean place. The teachers were very attentive, and were even a little wary about letting me come in--which is nice for security purposes. The rooms were clean, had a/c and the cribs were all clean. There were about 3 babies in there, I'm guessing maybe 8mo, 12, 2yo....and all seemed happy. I would feel very comfortabel leaving my daughter there if we decided we needed it.They have at nighttime a kids dance and also the FLinstones characters will come out to meet the kids. I never saw the older kids, so they must've been out and about.The Staff:Royal Service???We didn't go for it, nor did I ever feel like I missed it. The staff was unbelieveably nice and helpful and always right there asking what they could do for us all the time--we love it! They were just so friendly and always seemed so happy! We didn't have the RS, but I think it's prob a waste of money. I didn't need a scented pillow every night nor a butler for whatever....the concierage will pick up my bags--they do that automatically anyway. In my opinion, I wouldn't want to stay in the rooms/buildings anyway, because for us, they are just too far from the beach and the pool. We love being around people and seeing what's happening around us and just steps back to our room if we need to run and grab something. I think RS is a waste. We had a FANTASTIC time, and we all agreed we would go there again and reccomend it to anyone else to go too! It was just great--everything-staff, gorund, food, rooms, the experience was worth it and Enjou your trip. I say if you go there looking for it to be a horrible time, it will be, if you go there with your eyes wide open but looking for fun, then you will have a great time!!! GO FOR IT!!!!;-)  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bertram11
<Content>The Best Vacation Ever- Paradise The resort was gorgeous. The service was superb. The staff worked so hard thorughout the day and night you felt bad for them. There was never a glass or plate or ashtray or anything that was left behind uncleaned or sitting. When you left your room you couldn't help but smile- each staff member would greet you with a huge smile and say ola. The ocean was beautiful- bluest water and white sand. The food was great- except for the Dominican Restaurant. The Japanese restaurant was the best.... If you call the night before at 9:00 PM for the next day you are sure to get reservations for your favorite restaurant. The bartenders were great- there was nothing they could not make for you. They had every type of liquor that you could want. The only slight issue was the walk- it was about 20 minutes to walk to different places- but I enjoyed it because you eat so much the walk feels good. We will definately go back. We think about the time we had there everyday. We made great memories.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>scout416
<Content>Wonderful getaway My husband and I, along with another couple and their 2 year old daughter (the adults ranged from 38 to 42) just got back from a 1 week stay at this hotel and we all agreed we would have no problems recommending it to anyone! I've read several negative reviews before our trip and I am happy to report that our experience was very positive. We witnessed some unhappy guests during our stay but they were guests that were uptight and unreasonable, the kind that are hard to please, no matter where they are.Some negative reviews I've noticed deal with the fact that the resort is large. Well nearly every review mentions its size and the resort's description never hides the fact they have over 1000 rooms. If you don't like to walk more than 5 minutes to get anywhere, avoid this hotel. If you have mobility problems, avoid this hotel. If you can't wait for more than 5 mintues for a shuttle to get you around, avoid this hotel. We witnessed this very irate man complaining about how his room was not closer to the beach and demanded his room be changed because his wife has mobility problems. He was a bit of a jerk about it. But he'd likely still complain if he got his room closer to the beach because then it wouldn't be close to the lobby and many restaurants! It's his fault he didn't choose a smaller resort that suited his wife better. My husband and I didn't mind walking around the large resort at all, enjoying the very beautiful, immaculate grounds and its exotic birds freely walking/flying about. Sometimes we'd take the train/shuttle, which never took longer than 10 minutes to wait for. Our friends' daughter actually enjoyed the choo choo ride. We went on vacation to relax, not be in a hurry to get places. Walking at a slow and leisurely pace, from the beach to the lobby should take no longer than 15 minutes. I could easily walk it within 10. If you find this highly distasteful, don't choose this hotel. If this is not a problem for you, choose this resort and you won't regret it!Room: clean and spacious. Initially our toilet leaked, but my husband was able to fix it in minutes and no staff had to be called. Occasionally, the maid would add fresh flowers to decorate the room which was a nice touch. We tipped $5 after our 1st night and additional $5 mid week. Our friends who tipped $5 after the 2nd night and nothing else until the end of the week didn't receive any different treatment (except they got more beer in their fridge!). The mattress and pillows were not luxury-grade, but then you have to remember you're in a really poor country. I think you can request better pillows. We found it acceptable enough for 1 week.Check in: we were checked in within 30 minutes of our arrival which we didn't find unreasonable. When visiting the carribean, we don't expect North American speed and service. We were shown to our rooms immediately. Our friendly porter even gave us a little tour along the way. We tipped him $3 to carry our 2 bags.Food: we were pleasantly surprised at the quality and variety. The buffet was pretty good and any of their grilled food was always very good to excellent. My husband and I got hooked on the paella and had it for lunch everyday! For dinner we ate at Ma Maison, Hokkaido, Gondola  Hacienda. They were all good. We didn't find Hokkaido or Ma Maison better than the other restaurants as other reviews suggest. Overall, the food is good to very good. It's not excellent, like at a fancy, top-rated restaurant in Toronto, but we didn't expect it to be. People who expect the food to be really high quality like at an expensive restaurant back home are just ignorant. I got sick once, but it was brief, lasting for 25 minutes. After I went to the washroom, I quickly recovered and felt fine again. It wasn't a big deal and didn't affect my vacation. As for reservations, if you don't get a reservation for the restaurants in the morning, call back at 3:00 pm. We always found openings then. We actually didn't have any trouble getting into any restaurant.Bars: the bartenders are usually entertaining. I think they have the hardest job at the resort, keeping up with demanding tourists and still have a smile! The bar by the La Hacienda and American Grill is the coolest and most stylish. We didn't discover it until 3 days into our vacation, which we regretted. I found they had a good variety of drinks at all the bars - more than at the 2 resorts I visited in Cuba. They even served a variety of martinis and the bartenders knew how to make them.Staff: the staff was excellent. They try really hard to please and were always friendly. When given a tip, they always really appreciate it, but they never act like they expect it. The Dominicans are really lovely people. I never felt a bad vibe from anyone.Golf: ha, it's not really free like they imply, but oh well. There's a mandatory $35 per person fee for golf carts and rentals are $47 (but the clubs are pretty good quality). If you plan on golfing more than once, it may be worth it to bring your clubs. A burger for lunch was $7 but it was a big burger. A golf shirt at the gift store is $85.Gift stores within the hotel: more expensive than we expected. Try not to forget toiletries especially sunscreen as it costs $25 USD! Feminine napkins are $4 for 12. Vendors at the hotel selling crafts and jewelry usually quote prices that are at least twice as much as they're willing to sell it for. You could usually buy something at 40% of the original quoted price. Merchandise will be more expensive probably than anywhere else but you pay for the convenience and the vendors likely have to give the hotel a cut of their sales too.Spa Caribe: this was my biggest disappointment. I booked a Deep Muscular massage for $75 and my massage therapist (Mildred) really did not know what to do. She really tried to do a good job but I could tell she was unsure the whole time. I was under the impression she had very little training. When it came to my back she mostly just rubbed with her flat palms in a general way, never getting to any of my muscles, never using her thumbs and never applying much pressure even when I asked her to. She did do a good job with my calfs but that was it. She didn't know what to do with my feet either, pressing here and there, hoping it felt good. It was too bad, as I was looking forward to a good massage and $75 was expensive for a massage that wasn't benfecial at all. Someone we knew had the same massage at Spa Tropical and she said it was really good. I guess it depended on the massage therapist. I saw someone being given a massage outdoors and I was jealous of how her massage therapist was digging into her back. Oh well. Lesson learned.Pools: great. Very family friendly with shallow ends and deeper ends (no deeper than 4.75 feet). My husband loved the swim up bar. Always plenty of lounge chairs at shady or non-shady areas.Beach: great. The sand is white and fine. Yes there is the occasional seeweed. It's the ocean afterall. The water is warm and clear. Always plenty of lounge chairs and we could always find an area under an umbrella for shade if we wished. Yes, a few women go topless. Mostly they're over 50.Overall we had a great time. The resort has something for everyone. The only group of people who may not enjoy themselves as much are young partying singles. We saw singles and there is definitely a night scene but we saw more couples, young families with small children and large groups of people (more than 6). People who complain the hotel is not 5 stars are just ignorant. Of course it's not like a 5-star hotel back home. A 5-star hotel back home would cost 3 times as much or more and it wouldn't include food. The reason why people visit the carribean is for the weather, beach and the fact that it is affordable. We overheard a guest complain loudly that he stayed at a 5-star hotel in Atlanta and the mattress in his room was far better. Some people are just idiots. Anyway, we would recommend this resort to anyone looking for a great carribean getaway! We all had a super time!!!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sarah_reed
<Content>Nice Hotel When we arrived at the hotel we thought my god this is fantastic, the reception service was a little slow on booking us in even though i had my MAS Card which should make booking in pretty fast.We where takin to are hotel room which was great for a standerd room nice bathroom and living area. The only thing that was a little off putting was that the room was a 15 min walk to the beach but they do have a train or golf caddies, which will take you to where you need to go.The meals here where great and the staff where so friendly.Tip when you get there and you will have good service.Sarah Reed  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>diorsa13
<Content>great hotel to come back i stayed at the melia for 4 days and I experienced one of my best vacation. First of all people are nice and friendly, they have a lot of activities like teaching merengue in the beach or aerobic in the swiming pool. The pool was beautiful and clean with a nice bar inside. Restaurants are great and different variety , people should try japanese. The room was big enough and clean, with a beautiful view. For me this is one of my favorite all inclusive hotel that I ever stayed.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Easyg0ing
<Content>Definely not 5-star My partner and I booked via Thomson to stay at this 5-star (????) hotel over Christmas and New year, 2006/7. My partner was recovering from pneumonia and medical advice was 鈥渢ake a relaxing holiday鈥? How wrong we were in choosing this place. The service was abysmal, middle management was ineffective and senior management unreachable. The food was acceptable but definitely not 5-star,On arrival, check-in took over 30 minutes at the Reception and a further 15 minutes to reach the apartment. A ground floor apartment had been requested, because of my restricted mobility; we were given one on the first floor. The next morning the Tour Operator鈥檚 Rep established that ground floor apartments were and had been available at the time of our arrival and arranged for us to be moved. Due to the speed at which the staff operate, this meant a wasted day, mainly because the new apartment鈥檚 safe required activation and the electric door keys that had been issued would not function properly. Frequent telephone calls to Customer Service had no effect. My partner was therefore forced to hike to and from reception, some 15 minutes away, several times before getting keys that appeared to work. That evening, the keys failed again and I was stranded for thirty-five minutes, outside at 23:30 hrs. whilst my partner, yet again, was forced to go to the Reception to get the issue resolved. This however proved to be a temporary resolution as the saga of the keys continued the next day; entailing further hikes to the Reception entailing a further lose of holiday time. In all, eleven sets of keys were issued, over the course of two days, before a technician finally arrived to service the lock. The matter was further exacerbated by a failure of the bathroom lock, trapping me in the bathroom. However, as I threatened to break the window unless action was taken immediately, the technician, this time, arrived quickly to resolve the problem.The apartments were large and generally well cleaned, although sometimes this could be somewhat hit and miss, The procedure for reserving seating at the various restaurants for dinner left a lot to be desired. On occasions, one was placed on telephone 鈥渉old鈥?for up to twenty minutes.A diesel driven 鈥渢rain鈥?service is provided to get around the very large Site. It was supposed to run at fifteen minutes and took approximately a further fifteen minutes to circle the Site but as no timetable was published, it could take, if one just missed a 鈥渢rain鈥?thirty minutes to reach the Reception. The gardens are immaculate, have Peacocks running loose and the small lakes have Pink Flamingos. There are however several well-disguised marshy areas which caused somewhat of a problem with mosquitoes. The swimming pools are large, very clean, and well kept. The beach is excellent with soft clean sand. The seaweed, obviously outside of the hotel鈥檚 control, was kept well in check. Both the pool and beach areas had more than adequate sun beds.New Years Eve festivities, which continued well into the small hours, were excellent and included a fantastic firework display.Overall, the holiday, considering the Site layout and general attitude of the management staff, were reminiscent of the 鈥淏illy Butlins Holiday Camps鈥?of my youth. We will not be returning!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kevd193213
<Content>Great Relaxing Group Vacation       Hobicat  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nbk79hg
<Content>Paradise, even with three kids under 6 We stayed at the Melia from 1/25/07-2/1/07, their were 5 of us, 41, 38, 6, 3 and 10 months. I had read all of the reviews and was prepared for anything. Overall, this was a fantastic vacation! We had upgraded to the Royal Service and had a 1 bedroom suite. The resort is very large but absolutely beautiful. The grounds are well kept with vibrant flowers, small ponds, flamingo's and peacocks. The beach is amazing, pink sand as far as the eye can see, palm trees everywhere, just amazing. Their are two sides to the resort, the Tropical side has the kids club versus the Caribe, except for that they are identical.We used the kids club to let our 10 month old nap and the girls their were extremely nice and great with the kids. They have a jungle gym and activities all day for older kids and they seemed to do a great job with this as well.Our room was spacious and attractive, maid service was excellent, overall the staff at the Royal Service were extremely helpful and made every effort to accomodate. I used them every day to make dinner reservations and never had a problem getting the time or restaurant we wanted. We ate at the Chinese, Italian, Mexican, Seafood. They arll were good with the Chinese being the best. We had brought a portable DVD player for the kids to watch while dinner was being prepared and it turned out to work great not only for the kids but the staff always looked to stop and see what was playing. We had breakfast at the Gabi club and lunch at the beach buffets. The Gabi club food was good as well were the pool facilities and atmosphere being extremely relaxing. Only complaint., As you would image with a buffet, some things are good some are bad.  We did get a babysitter one night, $10 US per hour, $15 for 2 kids and was very pleased with this, the staff member was very good and had children of her own.Having small kids, we did not do any shows but loved swinging on the gliders each night with the kids talking about the day and what they wanted to do the next day. We did take a glass bottom boat and snorkeling tour from the beach but other than that not one reason to leave the resort, it is that great.Keep in mind-This is a very international resort, majority are from Europe, -United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, France, Russia. Very cool to meet people from all over and everyone was extremely nice. Be prepared though, Europeans have a different idea of what to wear on the beach! Quite a few topless as well, but not a big deal.Overall, you cannot go wrong here, beautiful place, very friendly and helpful staff that make every effort to speak English and accomodate any request. We did tip a few dollars at meals and left the maids a small gift each day. Do not think it is needed but definitely appreciated.Already planning our next trip there!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>durhamlady
<Content>Beautiful resort, great for children and families We stayed at the Melia Jan 24-31 2007. My husband and 2 boys aged 2.5 and 4.5 shared a junior suite and my parents stayed next door. Firstly, please do not believe negative reviews. The resort was clean, beautiful and the people very friendly.(even if you don't speak spanish) We did not book RS and would not see why you would need to. CHECK IN - we were lucky to be 1st off the bus. This was our biggest complaint with the resort. It took a long time and there was only 1 person working the front desk. The people behind us were losing it! We got there at 2:30, rooms were not ready until almost 4:00 and then somehow our luggage did not arrive until even later than that.FOOD- the breakfast and lunch buffet at either beach buffet was pretty good. A la Carte Restaurants were good but it seemed like the service for ealier reservations was much faster than for the 8:15 seatings. There is now a $15 surcharge to eat dinner at the Agora Grill for steak and lobster. Do not go!! Was definitely not worth it.ROOM- very clean and comfortable. We were in building 26 which was very close to pool and beach. We did use the train to go to the a la cartes but could walk it in 10mins or less. We recommend building 24, 25 or 26.KID'S PROGRAM- Baby Rock was 4mths to 4yrs. Should have been 4mths to 2yrs. It looked nice, the girls were nice but too boring inside for children 2-4. Bam Bam club was 5-9, we played there all the time. Great climber, ball pit, shaded area for arts and crafts. They did more with children. Swimming, lunch, games. Franklin, one of the workers, in particular was great with the kids. Fred Flinstone came every morning and played and danced with the children. Just hang out in the children's pool area beside Flinstone's and there were always children to play with.BEACH- beautiful. Yes there was a little seaweed, its the ocean. Lots of chairs but you need to get out around 8am or earlier to ensure a palapa for shade.All in all we loved the resort. We had perfect weather, good service and a great family vacation. The resort is large but not out of control. People from all over the world it seemed, go to Punta Cana. Just a note, bring your mosiquito repellent as you need after dark.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>cl3421
<Content>Would not go back My trip to Punta Cana quickly went bad when my 11:30am flight was cancelled due to mechanical problems out of New York. The next available flight was not until the next day at 6:00am. While my main gripe is with the airline, the Melia Caribe Tropical saw it fit to charge us for our missed day and then have the nerve to make us wait for three hours once we finally arrived . While I do understand it is not the resort's problem that our flight was cancelled, there is no reason why our room that we were being charged the night before, should not have been ready.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WillCulp
<Content>DON'T GET MARRIED HERE...Nice Place Otherwise My wife and I got married here last December. While everyone had a good time, the organization of the resort and service from management was horrendous. Do not get married here. 1) We had problems reaching the resort through the entire planning process. No voice mail for wedding coordinator, no e-mail responses, nobody else to talk to. They have one woman who handles ALL the wedding plans there. She is worked to death...they need at least 2 more people to help.2) The wedding started 45 minutes late and ended up taking place in a rainstorm. The ceremony was thus very rushed and the wedding coordinator for the resort ended up pronouncing us man and wife, not the minister we paid for. We have yet to hear why the wedding started late. The rain is not the issue...the issue is we had everyone sitting on the beach for 45 minutes with no idea what was going on. Bride and groom were notified only 10-15 minutes before schedule pickup time of the delay.3) The picture package was not what we asked for form the photographer. Furthermore, we picked up the pictures from a guy who spoke very little English and his English seemed to get worse when he saw we had problems. 4) We asked for credit from the resort for all the mishaps. They said fill out a Customer Satisfaction form and they would accomodate us. Back in the States now, we have yet to get any kind of reimbursement and they're making up these stories like they're not even reading the complaint. Again, still no explanation for reason why the wedding started late. The resort itself is very nice and as long as you don't need them to do something as important as a wedding, the place is fine.Lots of people get married there though and I hope I can save some people from going through the same problems we went through.Feel free to contact me with any questions. We had a photographer NOT affilaited with the resort we used for our sunset cruise reception who did a phenomenal job and was priced significantly better than the resort. I can give you his contact info.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	5	3	2	1	4	

<Author>GaTravelpro
<Content>Gorgeous beach, beautiful resort *Readers be aware: The post before mine is NOT about the Melia Tropical, another resort entirely. Having stayed a several all-inclusives throughout Mexico and the Bahamas, the Melia Caribe Tropical was accurately a 5 star. The weather, the tropical landscaping, and best of all the beach, rank above the others for a winter getaway. The water is spectacular, looks like a scene from Pirates of the Caribbean. The rooms were nicely furnished -- but be aware this is a country that is not highly accustomed to Americans' perfectionist expectations. You may wait for your luggage, or for any special requests like a replaced lightbulb. Stow your bathing suit in your carryon, so you can sit by the pool when you arrive. Staff works on Island Time, not American time. The restaurants serve on Island Time as well, but there is always the buffet, which was delicious. The restaurant I liked most offered Thai food, called Pagoda. The Chef is actually a member of the Royal Thai family, in line for the throne! I'm picky when it comes to Thai food, and this met my high standards, and had lovely decor. The Pagoda was also the easiest one for reservations. Remember to bring comfy walking shoes, the Melia Caribe Tropical is huge!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>travelbug73
<Content>Family of four loved it!! I went to this hotel not knowing what to expect. My husband and I are used to staying in American chains like Marriott and Sheraton and for us, this was a huge risk. We took with us our two boys - 4 1/2 year old and 14 month old. I cannot say enough about the children's staff - they are incredibly hard working as they work ALL DAY with the children with planned activities and then in the evening they perform in a children's show. Needless to say my 4 1/2 hr old loved it. The food - hit and miss. I will agree that the breakfast and lunch options were basically repetitive buffets, but oh my goodness the quantities!! The evening dinner options are what blew us away. There are over 7 types of cuisines and restaurants to choose from and we had no problem getting in where we wanted to go with a just a day's planning. Each restaurant was carefully designed to match the theme and cuisine and I really appreciated the fact that though we never left the resort for the 5 days we were there, I never felt like we were stuck there. There was plenty to see, eat, and after all, we just wanted to relax. I never felt pressured by the throngs of timeshare folks on site and never felt rushed during the meals. What I do wish could be improved, the cleanliness of the rooms, I understand that we are in the tropics and humidity, dust, dirt, and bugs will happen but the bathrooms got very gross very quickly and I consider our lil family pretty clean. Other than that, the people/staff are incredibly friendly (a big plus was that I speak Spanish) and the beach is nice...(Europeans everywhere -so Americans don't gawk - topless!), the evening options were great, my kids both loved it, (Flintstones everywhere!)- and it served it's purpose, we had a great family vacation!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>chasnr
<Content>Melia Caribe....Don't Come Here For The Food I'll jiust make bullets for quick reading:*Check in was horrible. Took 20 min, and they don't speak English until they try and sell you the $2 per day cost for use of the in room safe that requires a code to be programmed on your room key.*Room was not available until after 3p. The place is so big, we had no idea where we were and after we got a bite, we decided to go to the room. They were just finishing up and we got in the room. But, we didn't have our bags, so, we had to wait 45 min for them. Then, we didn't have our keys, but, two towel cards. After an hour, it got straightened out*The Food and Drink. First of all, you cannot drink water from the tap here at all. Not even to use to brush your teeth. Bottled water was available everywhere. My wife and I and many of the others in our extremely large group thought the food was really really bad. Not sure what it was, it was just bad. You had buffets for breakfast and lunch. Both bad. Who would have thought that you can actually make bad eggs. For dinner, you had to make reservations the night before or go to one of the buffets. Unless you were upgraded, you usually got the undesirable times. There were many restaurants. Of the two we ate at, Le Gourmet and Ma Maison, it seemed as though the food was taken from the buffets and put on fancy plates and deliverd by waiters. We had good service at Le Gourmet, but Ma-maison blew. After rushing us in, they got our order right away, got our apps and took over a half an hour for our mains. We then waited another 15 min before they got our dirty plates. We then waited another 10 for dessert. This was the first vacation ever that we never looked forward to a meal.*Expect to walk mucho. Not really such a bad thing, but, can be of an inconvenience.*Ok, on the positive side, the place is gorgeous and the beach kicks butt. Large, Soft white sand, beautiful water, lots of available chairs even at peak time. Do your homework. There are better hotels probably with better food and just as good of a beach.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>runnerchik
<Content>Worst resort I have ever stayed in This place was hands down the worst resort I have ever stayed. I would never recommend this resort or even Punta Cana to anyone I know. There are three positives of this resort:1. The Beach is fabulous...the sand is super soft, the water is calm, and the people watching is priceless.2. The pool area is large and there is plenty of seating always available.3. The grounds are beautiful and well kept. Maybe they could take a couple of those landscapers and put them behind a desk to help guests instead.The negatives to highlight a few:1. Service is non-existent. We had priority check in b/c we were with a large group and that was still over an hour! After the trek to our room, we found our keys didn't work. We never could get anyone to help us or bring us a new key. The bartended looked at us like we had a third eye when we asked him to call the front desk. After hoofing it back to the front desk, we waited another 30 minutes to get the new keys without so much as a sorry for the inconvenience. Lovely.2. Food is horrible! The buffets are at best filler.....the belly gets full but it has no taste. The sit down dinners are marginal and the only way to get decent service is to give some nice tips to the waiter ahead of time. 3. Making dinner reservations was a joke! You could only make them the day of starting at 9 AM. Well, at 9 AM, they were all allegedly filled again..... They would ask you to call back at 3:30 or 4 PM to see if they could work you in. Amazingly enough, each day, they were able to work you in.....and then when you got to the restaurant......all the tables were never full. Ridiculous! One day I had to call 4 times to get a table and then the restaurant was not even close to full! All in all, when I am going to any type of resort, I am expecting service....service sells! This place really needs some work!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>dmeco
<Content>believe the bad reviews We flew AirTransat out of Toronto. Actually over 60 of us travelled from across Canada for our Mid Winter Meeting. All the bad reviews are true. I did not choose this hotel or destination. We were off for a 1 week business meeting and another week of vacation. By day 4 the National Association decided we would never return. Good thing. If I had to personally pay for this I would just be sick. I think I figured out the problem of this hotel. It has grown quickly too fast. I understand last year they had 2 million guests, this year 3 million. They do not have staff. They do not have front desk people who know what they are doing. They cannot make a decision, they get another person with a different decision, they get someone else until the manager comes out. A manager one night will tell you something and a manager the next, a different story. Yes, I had fun. Yes it is the most beautiful property I have ever stayed on. Yes the staff you ran into on the grounds are lovely people. However, I need a vacation from this vacation. It was work to get a reservation for dinner for example. Three of us would call every morning approx. 7 30am with a different room number to get a seat for dinner. Nine times out of ten we got the 9 45pm time slot. This became hilarious and a daily joke. I cannot imagine bringing children there. In conclusion, I am still waiting for my washcloth.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	2	4	2	3	1	

<Author>aneesha99
<Content>I loved it...I must get back there       Villa 52  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smithac
<Content>Some good, some bad This was our second stay at an all-inclusive, and some things were great, others bad. This was the first vacation I can recall where everything seemed like it was really good or really bad...very little that was in the middle.First, the positives. The resort is a short 20 minute cab ride from the airport ($25 for up to four people). The beach and pool areas are huge, and you could easily find chairs at any time of day even though the resort was full when we were there. The beach and grounds are beautiful and the quality/selection of drinks at the bars was much better than the other all-inclusive we had stayed at. The reservation-only dinner restaurants we ate at had great food, and the room was quite large with a nice balcony. The wedding coordinator did a wonderful job with our friends' ceremony and private reception. The outdoor bar next to the American Grill restaurant was a great place to hang out at night. Nobody tried to sell us on the timeshare club the whole time we were there, and the vendors selling parasailing and other water activities that cost money were not hassling guests on the beach at all.Unfortunately, there were a number of negatives. Check in/out were abysmally slow. Coming in, I was first in line and it still took 30 minutes to get checked in. Reservations for the restaurants were hard to get (we did not stay in Royal Service, which apparently gives you priority), and then when you sit down to eat, the restaurant is only 1/3 full. Considering that there are tons of resort staff walking around, you would think they could add a few more front desk clerks and restaurant servers. The buffets were the only option for breakfast and lunch, and alot of the food seemed to have been sitting out for some time and was cold. The shower's water temperature was nearly impossible to control -- sometimes it would come out hot and other times cold. There is nothing to do outside of the resort that is within walking distance.Overall, it was a nice place to stay, but seemed a little pricey compared to other vacations we have taken, given some of the negatives.Definitely make sure you have some comfortable shoes, as you will be walking quite a bit if you don't want to wait for the train (and with all we ate and drank during the trip, a little walking probably did us some good!).  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>playagirl2
<Content>Great time, beautiful place, but poor service My husband and I stayed here Jan. 10-17/07 with a large group of other people, we stayed in the royal service side and had a wonderful time and had great people to spend it with but found there were many inconsistencies with our room, the service, and the staff...First the negatives:- upon our arrival no welcoming drink given, most resorts do this, not really a big deal but...- talking with people in our group we were missing certain things in our room that others had, such as robes, one day our iron was missing, we called for one and it took hours to be delivered to us, some people had dishes, pots, etc. in their room...- our flat screen tv didn't work, we mentioned this a few times to the staff and nothing was done- I found that the cleaning of the room was not very efficient, dead bugs still left on the walls, garbage still left in the room, towels not changed when should've beeen, one day the fridge wasn't stocked back up with beer, one day the fridge had no beer or water, someone in our group found a pair of pants under their bed...- no activities going on that I saw anyway and didn't find staff to be too friendly as we've seen in other places, usually they strike up conversations and always say hi when walking by but not in this case- the staff do not speak much english some none at all, once I asked for a vodka and orange and got vodka on the rocks, once I got just orange juice- I myself did get sick, not horribly but uncomfortable, the typical travellers thing, not sure if it was from the food or something was perhaps washed with tap water rather than bottled water, we've been to Mexico and Puerto Plata and this was the first time I've gotten sick- the grounds are huge and there is a lot of walking to do, it was 10-12 mins. to the beach from our room, when it rains the cobblestone is extremely slippery, just a warning...- not too much to do off the resort, we found excursions were priced too high for what you would be doing and for how long, you do kind of feel like its a compound as someone mentioned in another review- lots of mosquitos, by the end of the week we realized they have several areas of sitting water (lobby bar) and we were often sitting there in the evening...- supposed to have some sort of butler service, we saw him once when we arrived...The positives:- resort wasn't too far from the airport...- the weather of course, rained several times and was cloudy off and on, but still nice and warm, windy there I found...- the beach is beautiful and ocean is wonderful...- it was nice to be served on the beach and by the pool...- lots of shopping available - down the beach flea markets and just outside the resort ther is a little shopping plaza with reasonable prices although many stores are not yet open- jacuzzi tub in our room was a plus...- they have a casino at the resort, we didn't go but if you're into gambling- I found the food to be okay, I liked that there was a variety of restaurants to choose from, we ate at the Italian, Japanese, French, American, and Mexican, my favorite was the Japanese, the snack bar by the pool was very good, we ate there just about every day for lunch- we had room service if we wanted but didn't use it at all...Overall, we had an amazing time, we wouldn't go back to the resort and would go back to Mexico or even Puerto Plata again before returning to Punta Cana, this was more of a relaxing trip which was great and what I needed... Definately preferred Puerto Plata though - more to do, more night life, and friendlier people, also shopping things were much cheaper....  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>NYCLocal
<Content>Stay away at all costs I stayed here with my husband and another couple for new years' 2006, but I'm just getting around to writing this review now. I wish I had read a review like this when researching for a spot, would have been a god send to skip this place. Yes, the resort is physically attractive, nice grounds, rooms, etc, but it's too huge, there's a trolley to take people back and forth from restaurants, rooms, beach, etc. And the rooms are nice too, but that's where the compliments end. First, there is no service, it's non-existent, You ask for towels or for anything, no one shows up until 4 hours later if they show up at all. Next, mgmt sucks, if you ask for a mgr or supervisor to discuss a problem or issue, they say not available or the mgr is just as useless as the person behind the counter. And don't try greasing any palms for better service, we tried and they just took the money and didn't do anything for us. Next, the buffet is disgusting, almost inedible. Then there are like 10 restaurants with different cuisine, all need reservations, but you can only reserve that morning for the same night, so unless you wake up at 7a, you get locked out of the only 2 good restos. The beach sand is like an ashtray, and the water brown and murky. You're bascially stuff in this strange, cheesy all-inclusive world where the only thing to do is drink sugary cocktails. The pool scene is full of fat americans and their loud, fat children. I'm pretty laid back and up for anything, but this place totally disappointed. I would never return, and I think will never do all-inclusive again, anywhere. The DR is such a beautiful island, it's a shame to waste your time and money on this crappy place.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>ChrisOhio
<Content>disappointing Upon arrival our 8 family members were taken to a private room and told the hotel was overbooked and we would have to go to the Melia Paridissius for 3 nights and return to the Caribe for the 4th night. We objected to having to move for a 4 night stay and they assured us we would probably get to stay and not move. 2 nights later we were kicked out of the Melia Paridissius after a long day at the beach, losing dinner reservations, you have to make 24 hours in advance and spending the second of only 4 evenings packing and moving back to the Caribe.We finally were checked in at 11:30 pm I spent the next morning tracking down the man who sent us to the Paridissius to find out why we were sent back after only 2 nights and ended up talking to the manager. He said he would look into the situation and did provide a nice meal but that was the least he could do and the meals were all covered to begin with. I have traveled extensively and will definately think twice before going to a Melia hotel again. I am still waiting for them to make this right. They offered VIP treatment next year but we will not return for them to ruin another yearly family getaway. The grounds are huge and beautiful but smell from all the trains and vehicles. Food was ok plenty of it but felt like you were at a feeding trough. I could go on but I think you get the idea. I don't recommend this place or the Melia Paridissius . They both have very poor management in my opinion and have a lot to learn in satisfactory service for this American traveler.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunisland10
<Content>Great Vacation, from Start to Finish! We were at the resort from 12/18-12/26 and had a wonderful time. Eight people were traveling 3 which were children ages 2, 7  9. There is something for everyone here and if you can't find something to do you should have stayed home to begin with! The staff is so friendly, the activity crew is fun and the bartenders are fun also. The weather was wonderful and overall just a great experience. We would 100% return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alliebaby81
<Content>I Left The RIU to Come Here! I am engaged... I was planning to wed at the Riu Palace. I believe everything happens for a reason. The room smelled like mildew . Suddenly, I woke up and the AC was broke.....Now the the mildew was unbearable  Next thing ya know..ahhhh Royal Service at the Melia Caribe...I will get married there this year...If you believe negative reviews then just go for 2 days...Otherwise, Dont miss the service!PS Been there, love it, Royal Service alll the wayyyyyyyyyyyy  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Chiara13
<Content>What service!!       Our room after the wedding  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mindalag
<Content>Two families that enjoyed the stay There were 9 of us in all from Dec 23rd - 30th - five 40 year olds, two 8 year olds, one 10 year old and one 13 year old. We've been to many all inclusives (Cancun, Puerto Rico, Aruba) and this resort was better than most. Some opionions/advice - 1) stay in the Royal Service area 2) Tip the towel boy the day before to get a cabana for the following day 3) Use the Royal Service to get restaurant resevations a day in advance 4) the food was better than most all inclusives (we only ate at the ala carte restaurants and enjoyed the Chinese, Japanese, Italian, and Mexican) 5) beach was ok but water was murky and a little cold 6) Gabi Club was good for breakfast and lunch 7) a few dollars do go a long way 8) casino was a little lame because they have no craps 9) there is not much to do at the resort but if you just want to chill and relax, it's the place to be 10) it was not that crowded for a holiday week 11) two people in our group did get sick for a day or 2 and they said that they would still go back - you can get sick on any island, anywhere 12) the rest of us would definitely go back again 13) you get what you pay for - we paid DOUBLE the price in Dec 2005 to go to Aruba and this was a better value for the money!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NJVacationjunky
<Content>Mixed Reaction 1/10/07We just returned from a six day stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical. Being referred by a friend who went in Nov. 2005, we took their advice and went with the Royal Service - it was well worth it. However, we misread the desciption of the Delixe Suite, thinking that it had a jacuzzi for our 8 yr. old son (who loves jacuzzis), so when we got there, we upgraded to a one-bedroom suite (they had no master suites available). The initial impression of the room was that it smelled strongly of bug spray and mildew. I assumed that the bug spray was due to the fact that the room was just cleaned and that the mildew smell was from, perhaps, the lack of use of the room for a while. However, even after opening the sliding doors and turning on the fans, we never really did get rid of the mildew smell. However, the room was beautiful (our patio faced the Gabi restaurant) and the maid and butler service to the room were excellent.I read the negative reviews before leaving home, but decided that there are people who are going to have a bad time and complain, no matter what. I would say that I was glad we ignored those reviews, except for the fact that my husband and 8 year old son got violently ill the third night we were there.We arrived late Thursday evening. Check-in was a breeze, even with the upgrade and room change. The staff was very attentive and accommodating. Francisco, our self-appointed butler, made it known that if we needed something, anything, we could call him at any hour.The room came with a full size refrigerator, stocked with Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, water and beer. In addition, Franciso brought us a bottle of chilled chanpagne in an ice bucket with two glasses.We used the bottled water to brush our teeth, and when we left a note for the maid asking for more water the next day, we got more water each and every day thereafter without asking.We ate dinner the first night at the Gabi and loved it. The waiters were very attentive, bringing complimentary drinks for my husband and I. After dinner, we went back to the room and sat out on the patio to enjoy the evening.Friday and Saturday were great! We spent the morning at the pool (get there early to reserve lounges by the pool) and the afternoons we went to the beach. Trams were running continuously to and from the beach. Even when we would start walking, a tram would always come along and stop for us. The water activities were great. My husband and son had no problem reserving a paddle boat or kayak on either day. They had a blast. I, myself, stayed on the beach, ordering rum punches from the very attentive servers, who checked with you consistently to see if you needed another drink. Perhaps this is what saved me from the illness that befell both my husband and son.Saturday night, we made reservations for the Japanese restaurant. Although I had been warned that this was no different than a Benihana's, I thought it would be fun for our son - who, by the way, has been vacationing with us for the last 4 of his 8 years and is a very seasoned traveler. We were seated immediately with a group of people around the cooking area. Shortly after being seated, they took our orders. It was then that our son said that he was not feeling well. He so wanted to stay, but had the maturity to realize that he was not going to make it through dinner. So, we left before things got started and headed straight back to the room.My poor little one started vomitting as soon as we got back to the room, and experienced vomitting and diarhea throughout the night. I had heard of some stomach problems from reading other reviews, so I had brought some Pepto Bismol with me - but it didn't seem to have much effect. Then, as things started to calm down with my son, at 3 a.m., my husband said that he did not feel so good. He started vomitting and also had diarhea.My son is a trooper. By 8 a.m., he wanted to go to the beach. My husband was another story. He stayed in the room, still too sick to enjoy himself. I could tell that my son was not 100% because he just wanted to play in the shade, building sand castles. At least he was out in the fresh air and not bent over the toilet though. The only thing I can figure out as to why they got sick and I did not was that they both had smoothies made for them for breakfast the first two days at the Gabi. I noticed that after they brough the drinks to the table, the contents would separate, which did not look too appetizing to me. This is the only food that they both ate that I did not eat. I believe their illness was caused by the food, and not some virus, because I never caught what they had and I have never seen the both of them so sick with the same symptoms - not to get totally gross, but both bodily excretions were black - which did scare me a bit. We are truly torn about our overall experience. If my husband and son had not gotten sick, this would have been the best vacation ever, because the grounds were beautiful, the staff was very attentive, and the weather was great. However, I do not believe that we would spend that kind of money again to go to a place where we had to worry about everything we ate making us sick.We did not drink the water, ever, and avoided uncooked foods and the fish. We did not drink in excess, either alcoholic or non-alcoholic beverages (our son does not drink soda, only water) and we were all perfectly healthy when we arrived. However, illness managed to put quite a damper on half of our vacation.Again, this is a beautiful resort, with much to offer - but beware of whatever it was that got two of us.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bananamamma
<Content>Review NOT of Royal Service (Grounds are georgeous, beach ahhhh)       Jr suite room  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>AndreyHouston
<Content>Make your own opinion! Do not believe some dissapointed yankees! We stayed at Melia Caribe Tropical Resort on Thanksgiven holidays. Before moving there we read a lot of advises on the website and did not know what we should expect. Everything was really good!!! It was our first journey to Dominicana and we liked it very much.The resort is huge, has four districts: Melia, Caribe, Royal Service and Golf villas. It was not convenient to walk from one district to another one, and we sometimes took special vehicles (which runs between districts). There are a lot of swimming pools, restaurants with various cuisines, a casino (who likes gambling) and different activities (for children and adults). I noticed that some travelers were not satisfied by quality of meal in restaurants, but I would like to say that everything was good. We liked to eat at Seafood, French and Royal service restaurants. I saw a lot of Americans spent their time at an American restaurant (I supposed they could not live without hamburgers and steaks) and could say nothing about quality of meal in this restaurant.Swimming pools are incredible! The beach was clean and well organized! Only one problem we had was the communication with hotel staff because they can not speak English. It shocked us at the beginning of our stay but later we learnt some useful phrases in Spanish. We stayed at a Royal Service villa. The Royal service has a lot of advantages: an individual restaurant with a swimming pool and a bar, privileges in booking other restaurants, an individual beach with a bar. If you like to travel with luxury it is better to choose Royal service. Every evening we went to watch shows for children (we traveled with our 2,5 years daughter) and for adults. Some adult shows were not good, but it was fun to watch it.Overall I would say this is probably one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in on holiday.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lic5
<Content>disappointed--way too large- bad food - too much planning for an r PROS...quick flight from new york- hotel is only 20 minutes away. royal service is the only way to survive at this resort/compound. the private pool is breath taking.the sand at the beach is like powder and the water is a beautiful blue color.the grounds are immaculate. unfortunately the nightmare began sooner than later. royal service claims to provide butlers !!! we met fransisco the first day and never saw him again. all other guests had the same situation. rooms have mildewy smell.the gym is terrible.the equiptment is SO unsafe. the cardio equiptment does not reset unless you unplug it. the controls are all rotted. the 2 universal weight stations dont even have pins they use old rusted screws so the weights fall STAY AWAY.. the spa-- absolutely disappointing. cancelled rest of treatments after received first massage and saw less the adequate/unclean locker rooms. wouldnt take my shoes off!!DINNER reservations are a nightmare. restaurants are literally empty if you walk in ,but they wont seat you  you cant get a res. 17 tables empty at a time. once you get in food is below average. take immodium and pepto. with you. casino stinks!! very unaccomodating staff. everything was NO!!! felt held hostage - no town no outside restaurants or safe place to walk around outside resort very confined. would not reccomend for more than 4 days.you need to take trains to get anywhere in the resort- WAY too big.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>hurwitza
<Content>reviews don't lie....just exaggerate We just returned from 8 days of Royal Service (RS) at the Melia Caribe Tropicale (12/23-31/2006). We had a nice time鈥攏ot a great vacation, but a memorable one and a fun time. Great weather, but obviously, that can be a krap shoot as the climate this time of year is tropical鈥攕howers come and go. For me, things came as no surprise because I read the Trip Advisor comments and the Fodor鈥檚 and Frommer鈥檚 comments. It was a family vacation and consensus was to go here鈥ot my first choice, but consensus was the operating term for this trip鈥?Most of the previous reviews are accurate and I will add some comments to try to put things in perspective. First and foremost, I STRONGLY recommend reserving with Royal Service, especially during a holiday period. The two main pools were overcrowded, as was the main beach. The RS beach and pool were tolerable-more subdued, but this worked well for us. In addition, restaurant reservations were difficult at best鈥攚e had a group of 10 and were constantly told that we could not be accommodated until we spoke with the restaurant captain and passed on some cash. In fact, each seating had multiple tables for 8-10 people, so this seems to be a diversion tactic, even for RS clients. Buildings 41 and 42 are at the pool and are for RS, but during busy times, some non-RS clients may be in those buildings, but they can鈥檛 use the private pool, beach, or restaurant (called Gabi club). Buildings 48-52 are newer and are the villas, like the vacation club鈥攚e asked for those, but I could not get a straight answer why we were denied, other than I think you have to pay more for them as they have jacuzzis and separate bedrooms. Some general comments鈥攖his is a European resort鈥攎ore than half of the clients are not American and the food has more of a European feel than American. This is not bad, it just needs to be acknowledged prior to booking your trip. Next, don鈥檛 even think of drinking the tap water, including brushing your teeth. If the locals don鈥檛 drink it, why should you? The resort provides limitless bottled water and ice from purified water. However, count on a day of traveller鈥檚 tummy, as I call it. It may be from the water or the food, but 9 of 10 members in our party became sick to some extent (none of us drank the water), and most people we spoke to had members of their party that became ill. It only lasts 24-36 hours, but don鈥檛 be surprised鈥? I recommend bringing Immodium for one end and a prescription of Zofran (used for nausea and vomiting) for the other鈥?The grounds are beautifully kept. The rooms are well maintained. There is always alternate transportation if you don鈥檛 want to walk to the beach or around the grounds, although RS has quicker service. As most people say, a few dollars here and there (and everywhere) will make you a happier customer, and make the staff happier, too. It seems almost unavoidable if you want to be accommodated. The butlers are helpful. There is seaweed, but I think they rake every day in the am鈥s someone said, 鈥淲ho are you going to complain to, Neptune?鈥?br/>The food is variable. The specialty restaurants have some good dishes and some not so tasty. The buffets are, again, more European than American, but some staples for each meal can always be found. Room service does not have a lot of choices. But food can be had almost 24 hours per day.Our tour operator (Travel Impressions) used VIP as the local operator鈥攖he rep named Wendys, was stellar. When our luggage was lost by United, she worked day and night, called friends, and helped track it down. All of the reps offer the same tours, and the guys on the beach (scuba caribe) can do most of the water trips, often for less money. The Melia folks are opening a small shopping plaza right outside the gate鈥攕hould be full in a few months. Otherwise, there is no real downtown to visit and shop for souvenirs, other than the beach vendors and the 鈥渁rtists鈥?that come on Tues and Thurs nights.Safes: if your room safe is not programmable, you will need the key master to come and help program it. This can be a day-long procedure if you wait鈥攈owever, if you get the butler鈥檚 help, you don鈥檛 have to camp-out in your room like we did the first time. Again, a few dollars go a long way here鈥?your butler can come find you when the key master comes鈥攈e has a programming module because many of the hotel鈥檚 safes are defective and often cannot be programmed by the room keys, as they are intended to. It鈥檚 not a simple 鈥榗hoose your code鈥?system鈥攕ome work, some don鈥檛.Vacation club鈥攜es, they try to sell to you. If you鈥檙e not interested , it is easy to avoid鈥攌eep walking and say no-thanks鈥攖hey do accept this polite denial. One man I met, who said he was disappointed in the vacation and his wife was sick and needed a fanny-shot of Compazine, yet he actually bought into the vacation club. Couldn鈥檛 figure it out, but I guess there are some that want this, so it may be worth your while鈥?even if you鈥檙e not having a good time鈥??Money鈥擨 cannot figure this out鈥攖he resort鈥檚 front desk or RS VIP desk will not change dollars to pesos or cash traveller鈥檚 checks into dollars or pesos. I have never seen this at such a large resort. You can use the private bank (open limited hours) or hope the store or vendors will take your dollars鈥攖hey usually do, albeit begrudgingly. Pool chairs and poolside palapa huts鈥攖he hotel needs to work on their policies here鈥攊t鈥檚 one thing to put your towel out early to get a chair you like, but people reserve the huts and chairs and don鈥檛 show up for hours. In our 8 days, I went out by 7:30 a.m. most days and we NEVER got a hut鈥攁lways taken. Some people left their things in the huts overnight鈥攔eally rude, in my opinion. The towel guy plays dumb. They don鈥檛 enforce their rules in this respect, so it becomes a free-for-all. I think we could all devise a more suitable plan鈥et鈥檚 hope Melia can, too.Would I go back to DR?鈥攑robably not until they put in a water filtration system like Cancun, Riviera Maya, etc have done. Would I go to this hotel鈥攎aybe. The Paradissus, next door, also owned by Melia, seemed more upscale and smaller, so it may be worth the extra cost. It鈥檚 not a bad vacation, you just have to know what to expect.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DaveM.
<Content>Won us over after a bad start We've just arrived back after a week at the Melia, flying out Xmas day and leaving on new years day. We were most looking forward to spending some of Xmas day on the beach with a cocktail, unfortunately this didn't happen as there was no rooms ready on our arrival, we were not allocated a room until 5.30p.m. some 3 hours after arriving at the resort and the sun was starting to set. On finding our way to the room we were even less pleased to find that we had been given what may be the resorts only room for disabled persons. There was no bath, the shower didn't work the sink was lower and there were no work surfaces as was the toilet to assist disabled persons, I returned to the reception to tell them that we weren't staying at this room only to be told that the property was 100% occupied and there was no other rooms available and added the old carribean reception clerks' cliche of come and see me tomorow, he also advised me to call ext.30000 which I did and was told that someone would call round to assess the situation. No sign of anybody within the next hour so we decided to go out and eat and maybe have a few drinks, after all this was our first Xmas day away. Don't unpack the cases I told my wife, there is no way we are staying here, after all this was far from being a budget price break! When we returned later that evening the shower had been repaired. The following morning we had an important decision to make, do we put up and shut up (our American friends would cringe at me even considering this option) or do we spend another part of our holiday chasing up the thomsons rep. and then waiting around while transfers to another room were arranged. As we were only out there for 7 nights we went for the easiest option and although we weren't happy with the principal issues there were things just outside the door, pools, beach,food, booze, sun etc. that we had travelled such a long way to enjoy so off we went. After taking all of them in we returned to the room which we only use for sleeping and getting changed in, to find a large basket of fruit, a bottle of wine with 2 glasses and a plate of king prawns, salmon, beef and other goodies. On opening the fridge I found a bottle of champagne with 2 chilled glasses, although this to me didn't mean all was forgiven it was a nice gesture but I must admit I phoned reception to make sure that we wouldn't be getting billed for it as I thought someone may have made a mistake as it's a long time since we were the honeymoon couple! No sir it's complimentary was the reply. Enough said, I've been to better resorts but this one does have everything you need to have a good holiday, the food was okay, the pools are good, the beach is best I have seen and the majority of the staff are very helpful. Drinks are good most of the time but some of the barmen if you ask for a strong drink put extra ice in to make it look as if they are putting more licor in. This doesn't happen in the Avenue bar which is by far the nicest bar in the resort, ask for a strong drink in there and you will find yourself wondering if it was a good idea after-all, they also had some excellent evening entertainment in there but we only came upon this by chance as there didn't seem to be any info boards mentioning this, the monsters ball was a good night with coffins and ghosts all over the place and then larger than life Frankenstein, the hunchback, beetlejuice plus many others hanging out and dancing with each other and the guests, on another evening they had the resorts dancers trying to out-do each other, these guys can really dance especially the one in roller boots who zoomed in and out of the guests at what seemed like 50m.p.h. this coupled with a balloon artiste making a selection of silly hats for us all to wear had the Melia winning us over or was it them strong Rum + Cokes. One problem here, no cola light or diet coke throughout the resort. The other place for a decent drink is the Caribe lobby bar, this is where the A. Team work! your older more experienced barmen, the one's who work hard and know how to get the tipping flowing, they find out how you like your drink and have it just right for you and usually ready on the bar before you ask. We received this treatment every night in this bar whether we tipped or not, Can't say much for the evening shows apart from Xmas night when they had about 40 dancers on the stage with candles doing a gospel choir version of Silent Night, very effective! The casino, well it's a casino, these people are trained to take as much currency off punters as they can, I have read other reviewers comments about the staff being unfriendly, this to me is normal in casinos, I think that they are told to concetrate and not smile too much or inter-act with the punters. One more niggle that I have with this resort is the size of the palm trees, No!don't laugh, if you are a dedicated sun-bather they will cause you much irritation, around the pool they look lovely but are all about 8 feet too high and everybody is constantly on the move to evade their shadows, this coupled with the slippery floor problem and believe me this is a serious slippery floor problem not just by the pool but throughout the resort especially after rain leaves me and a lot of guests that I spoke to of the oppinion that this is a good resort but could be much better. To conclude I must comment that New Years Eve was the best I have experienced and I've done 50 of them now! The beach, a good band, drinks flowing, fireworks, what more can I say except the room number. 2803, if you're off to the Melia memorise this number otherwise you will end up in this room with a large disabled sign on the door and the worst hotel bathroom I have ever encountered!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>papabeach
<Content>beautiful, crowded, nice staff, bad food, bad kids club, extortionate watersport We stayed for 2 weeks from Dec 14 to Dec 29. The hotel grounds are really beautiful, the staff is extremely friendly and want you to have a good time. The beach is lovely and the pools are giant and uncrowded. The food was terrible. There is plenty of food, the qualiy is fine and no one got sick. It just tasted bad. The main buffets were ok, but the 9 specialty restaurants were just bad. It is sad because they are elegant and fun and the menus seem like they will be great, but it is like no one is paying any attention to how it tatses. The chinese restaurant is a particular abomination. We were also really really dissapointed in the kids club. The BAM BAM club for ages 5-8 was horrible. the kids just sat around looking lost in a mosquito filled area made to look like a flinstones house. Should have been fun, but the staff had no idea how to get the kids involved. A particular challenge as the big range of ages and languages required some one to energetically lead. The Cool Club for older kids seemed like it had a good counselor and the kids were having fun.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	4	1	

<Author>KBSRye
<Content>great time We spent 6 wonderful days at this hotel. To say the least everyone was so kind and helpful we have decided to return in April. This is an all inclusive so do not expect the greatest of food but it is ok for the time you are there and it is very clean. Remember this is a diffrent country and if you are used to north american food it is diffrent. The employees are kind and do work hard, try to say a few words in Spanish and they will bend over backwards to help you. The beaches are to say the least spectacular as are the grounds. We highly recomend this for a fun couple or family destination  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chiplap
<Content>golf and gin Found the resort to be more than we expected, very large area and very clean. The golf was wonderful and the starters could get you out even if you had no tee time { singles} five dollars would do. Carry a lot of ones, the service is great and the staff REALLY appreciate the tip. Don't drink the water.....don't drink the water................The bottled water is available everywhere even to brush your teeth....................... Restaurants are great book the night before the pool is unbelivable the beach is great.........casino stinks, but that's o.k. Great place to relax......We went with three other coulples and are returning this February.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SpendnKidsInheritanz
<Content>Melia, Relaxing, Caribe, Wonderful, Tropical, Resort Melia, Relaxing, Caribe, Wonderful, Tropical, ResortThat's the new name I would give this place!!!! We (Husband-Wife-upper 40's) just returned from the Melia Caribe (Dec 4-Dec 11) and thoroughly enjoyed every minute. I'm much like a lot of others who cannot believe the negative reviews. From check-in to check-out, our vacation was everything you dream about. I'll try and categorize so it'll make it easier for you to read. First off, let me thank all of the other folks who have written reviews. We learned some very important tips that were very helpful.Check-In:From the time we landed to the time we arrived at the resort was no more than 1 hour total including the ride from the airport.Not sure if this helps or not but we arrived on a Monday at 5 p.m.We were the only ones to check in, no lines, no waiting. If you can afford the extra day vacation for a Monday -to-Monday stay, I would highly recommend checking into it. Through the other reviews, I requested villa 24 and showed the front desk rep a fist full of money, didn't offer him a certain amount, just kept it in my hand for him to see. After about 2 minutes of checking, he said he could put us in room # 2404. Again, from the other reviews and a map, I knew we were right where we wanted to be. Villa 24 is literally 10 yards to the pool bar, 2 minutes to the Turey Grill buffet, and 3 minutes to the beach. Once we received everything on check-in, I slipped him $10 for which he was very grateful. Like others, I understand this is an all-inclusive resort and you've already paid your money, but trust me folks, tipping $ 2-3 here and there goes a very long way. These people are so very grateful and very friendly.Tip:Avoid having your luggage being delivered late to your room, take it with you yourself !!!!!! There is a train that delivers you directly to your room, it isn't like you've got to drag it all the way yourself, besides, there's no rule that says you've got to let the bell-boys handle your bags. Simply declining their assistance with a kind and smiling no gracias is all it takes.Room:Everything the pictures show....huge, and clean too. Fridge is stocked with bottled water, Pepsi, and 7Up. DO NOT DRINK THE TAP WATER !!!!!!!!Do make sure your electronic safe ($2 per day  highly recommended) is working before you get to the room. I didn't know we should have, and we had to call the front desk for assistance in setting our combination and it took them around 30-45 minutes to get someone to the room. Remember, you are on Punta Cana time not New York time.....slow down, relax, after all, you are on vacation !!!!! We did not have any bugs or problems with the facilities during the entire stay. Bed was not hard and pillows were soft. As for the comments in the negative reviews about the sheets being changed daily.......do you change your sheets at home on a daily basis ????? I didn't think so. Clean towels and beautiful flowers were arranged every day. We left our maid (Wendy) $ 5 on the first day and $ 3 every day after that and never had a problem. She was extremely appeciative to the point of almost being in tears on the 2nd day after we had left the $5. She spoke some english and we spoke with her every day. Pool and Beach:You'll get 2 towel cards at check-in, keep'em handy. I heard there was a $20 charge for each card not returned at check-out. Never experienced any problems with towels, always plenty. Pool is HUGE and about 4 1/2 ft deep in the middle with smaller 2 ft. areas at the edges for the young ones. Pool bar was awsome, very cold El Presidente' beer on tap and all kinds of drinks of just about anything you want from mud-slides to Pina Colada's to Bahama Mamma's to just straight Jim Beam if you choose. TAKE YOUR OWN insulated mugs if you want, they'll fill'em up no matter what size. I had a 36 oz. insulated mug that kept my drink very cold and also kept me from visiting the bar every 2 minutes. TIP THE BARTENDERS, $ 1- $2 on every trip no matter how many drinks you get on each trip gets you a smile and very good service every time. The beach is huge and flat with wonderful white sand. The other reviews wrote about the seaweed on the beach which I suppose can be a problem if you're gonna be rollin around on the beach. However, these guys were out there every morning raking the area of the dried seaweed and had it cleaned up before the crowd got to the beach, really a non-issue in my opinion. Again, this is where your insulated mug comes in handy. There is no bar on the beach so fill that puppy up before you head to the beach. Many, many water sports are available everywhere you look if you so choose, we've already done most of them so our time at the beach was spent reading and sunning. Parents, there is plenty of topless sun-bathing on the beach chairs and a few choose to walk around that way so if you have little ones you may want to think twice about the beach.Food:We ate every breakfast at the Turey Grill (buffet) on the beach with no problems, although it's been my experience to avoid the fruit and washed vegetables at most resorts in the Carribean. We ate hot cooked food every morning. Selection is huge. Remember, you're at an all-inclusive resort, not the Hyatt-Regency on the Square......5 star cuisine is not gonna happen, nor should it be expected.Restaurants:We tried 3, the seafood place,(can't remember the name), the Italian, and the Japanese Steakhouse. All 3 were great !!! Good thing we chose to walk to and from the restaurants, (about an 8-I0 walk from villa 24, besides, walking will beat the train everytime anyway) because I was very full at the end of each meal. If you try the seafood place, I highly recommend the appetizer with the Puff Pastry loaded with muscles and crab meat.....DELICIOUS !!!!! Again, above average quality for me, but I'm also not used to eating in fancy places. Presentation of the food was great and the service was always fast and friendly.Shows:Kinda cheesey, but entertaining if you're into that kind of thing. Not the greatest but I'm sure the kids work very hard at what they do.Casino:Not huge, but adequate  fun to try and regain some of your hard earned money you spent to get here in the first place. My wife likes the slots, about 25-30 of them and I played Blackjack and Carribean Stud Poker. Our most fun was had at the Roulette Wheel playing our families birthdays, we doubled our money on all 3 trips to the wheel. The casino also has a small sports bar with 4-5 TV's showing the current sporting events.We did not venture out for any of the other activities. There were plenty of them for an extra charge if that's your thing. We just hung out at the pool or beach every day, swam, read, and relaxed for the entire 7 days and came away with the exact reason we went...........Time with each other away from the everyday grind.We had a great time and would return if given the chance.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thenewlulu
<Content>The worst stay away This was the worst vacation experience I have ever had. Please search for  read the negative reviews for this hotel - pay attention to them. I do not know why they seem to be from long ago, but believe me this place is hideous. I have been all around the world and this is inexcusable.First you need to know the food is inedible. Totally inedible. In the 20 hours we spent there, the only thing we could find to eat that was safe were 2 bags of peanut MM's from the store, and an omelet from breakfast. Lunch and dinner were surprisingly hideous. The smell of the food was bad enough, but I knew once I tasted it to not swallow. We ran into SEVERAL people who were violently ill. One group had 6 out of 8 hospitalized. They had NO doubt as did I that it was due to the food. I have read many of the negative reviews on this site (hard to locate, but just search by negatives) - there are SO many reports of horrible food -- Please do NOT disregard these!We paid for first class plane upgrades to get out of there as fast as possible in case we were going to get sick as we wanted to be in an American Hospital.The hotel is pretty to look at, but huge and disorganized. You can NOT FIND your room. The signs are horrid, and the staff is NOT helpful. They are disinterested and point you in the wrong direction. Many people are wandering around lost.Our room was totally musty smelling and they changed us (but it took hours), and the next room while better was still hideous. This was the worst vacation experience in my life, and it was totally due to the hotel. Soup to nuts it was hideous.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Hel's.c
<Content>My best holiday ever!!! This hotel was AMAZING!!! I stayed there for two weeks Royal Service and i have to say everything was perfect! The staff were incredible at Royal Service nothing is ever too much trouble, you get your baths ran and pillow menus waiter service etc totally treat like king and queens, my last holiday was to Moon Palace Mexico and i have to say this resort wins hands down. The food was really good and lots to chose from, with 12 restaurants most al'a carte your spoilt for choice!The beach was beautiful hotel so clean and tidy! But royal service the only way to go!!! Be back for definate!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cushman78
<Content>nice place.......               More photos  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>NYtoGAgirl
<Content>Loved the Melia My husband and I traveled to the DR from 11/3- 11/10 and stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical. Please don鈥檛 listen to all the negative reviews on this site as the resort is beautiful and we had a great vacation. I was so nervous after reading all of the negative feedback but the resort definitely exceeded my expectations.I want to say hi to Haley and Antony, Erin and Paul and Tori, Kathy, Carolyn, Jeanne, Ray, Tommy and Alissa for sharing in our vacation with us. Seth and I had so much fun with all of you and you helped to make our vacation a memorable one! Mama wana, anyone??To begin, my husband and I did not upgrade to Royal Service. We did tour the private area and see the rooms but for the additional price, we didn鈥檛 think it was worth it. We were outside enjoying the pool and beach every day. The regular rooms are perfectly nice. We stayed in unit 43 which was closer to the main lobby.We traveled from Friday to Friday and this is the way to go! Check in and check out were a breeze. We were greeted with a cocktail and personally escorted to our room AND we had our luggage within 15 minutes.The staff is definitely friendly and attentive but remember; you are on vacation and this is 鈥淒ominican time!鈥?So Relax and enjoy yourself. And since you are a visitor in their country; learn the language, smile and engage the staff in conversation. They really appreciate it and get a kick out of you trying to speak Spanish! And a little tip can鈥檛 hurt either. Make sure to bring plenty of $1鈥檚 and $5鈥檚! The food overall was pretty good. I didn鈥檛 care much for the lunch buffet but there was plenty to choose from. Choose wisely at the meals and you will be fine. Dinners were great. Some restaurants were better than others but the staff was wonderful; each restaurant was decorated nicely and we really enjoyed ourselves. The French, Italian and Domincan were our favorite. And making dinner reservations each night was no problem.The evenings were relaxing. We enjoyed a nice meal, took walks to work off the meal, met our new friends for drinks and gambled in the casino. It was great!All in all, we had a really great, relaxing wonderful vacation. The weather was gorgeous every day, sunny, and about 90 degrees. When your toughest decision every day for 8 days is 鈥渂each or pool?鈥?or 鈥渂eer or Bahama-mama?鈥?how bad could it be??  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>annemal
<Content>Fabulous vacation I just returned this morning from the Melia Caribe in Punta Cana, and am already missing the tranquility.The staff was very polite, attentive, and responsive. A call for a repair in our bathroom was responded to very quickly.The landscaping was fastidious and the botany was lush and striking. There are many photo-opps of unusual flora and birds just on a routine stroll from your villa to one of the many restaurants.The food overall was quite good. However, as a vegetarian, creating a balanced meal was somewhat complicated. Many vegetarian staples (i.e. beans or potatoes) contained bacon or lard, though this was often conspicuous. Less obvious were hidden meats (i.e. in vegetable soup), though the waitstaff was bilingual enough to answer questions as to the content of food, and even went out of their way to bring me veggie soups that weren't even listed on the menu. They are also capable of altering an entree for you to suit your dietary preferences.If you are looking to be entertained, this resort will not let you down. I attended two of the nightly performances, both of which were quite professional and entertaining. There is also a schedule of games (pool and beach), Spanish lessons, aqua aerobics, stretching, Merengue lessons, and beach olympics to fill the schedule. Though I didn't travel with kids, I think there would be plenty of activities to keep them busy. The ocean is very warm, with mild waves and no undertow, allowing great conditions for swimming and kayaking.My only complaint, though minor, was that the workers are constantly traveling around on the paths of the resort on mopeds, spewing quite a bit of exhaust that was constantly tainting the otherwise fragrant air. Yes, the people pitching the timeshare option at me constantly were somewhat pesky, but they could be politely and quickly turned away.Overall, I highly recommend this resort for your travels.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>clubmember
<Content>Great Improvements like new! As a vacation club member I have been to the hotel for 5 years in a row. The hotel is in all it's glory, help is wonderful and friendly.The language barrier with help not speaking English is no longer a problem. There are three new restaurants and a new lounge and bar area on the Caribe side. (A fire destroyed the old ones) The grounds were perfect and the marble floors glistening. The food is still about a 7 on a scale of 1-10. One night we went to the American Grill and it was absolutely wonderful, but when we went back it was bordering on terrible. The meals everywhere are very tasty but sometimes can be overcooked or tough. Eat breakfast and lunch at the Tropical Beach side restaurant that's where all the VIP hotel employees eat. The food and service are much better and there are not as many people using the facility. The rooms are extremely clean, but still no wash cloths. Bring your own. A family member who is in the hotel business couldn't get over the condition of the place. If you love the outdoors and enjoy beautiful surroundings you'll love this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lefttoosoon
<Content>left too soon our stay at this hotel was cut short because of my slipping and falling on the side of the pool. i had to travel home in a medical jet for surgery in the US. Anyone else finding the same please write a review here. thank you  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>screan-name-is-taken
<Content>A very Elegant Resort My wife and I loved this enormous resort. It had everything you need for a great vacation. 12 Restaurants and 7 pools, 2 of which are HUGE!! with swim up bars. Not to mention the beach which was among the best that I have been on. The staff was very courtious and seamed happy that we were there. The rooms are all mini suites and were very comfertable, the bed was a little firm for my liking. The food was wonderful and we had a great selection.The only negatives were the employees in the lobby trying to sell us time share and they had very few masks and snorkels for use by the guests. If you want to snorkel bring your own.You get the tropical beach feel as well as the rainforest from this resort, it is huge. There are two trains that run every 10-15 minutes to take you around the grounds.Great place for 2 or a large group.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KenyaAfrica
<Content>Just Alright Well. my family and I, kids 3 and 5 had an average stay. We did not stay in the RS so keep that in mind. When we arrived at our room we noticed the a/c did not work and the room had a very musty smell. We went to go try get another room which is a 15 minute walk to get back to the lobby unless you wait for the train which will probably take the same time to get there as we were in building 26 close to the beach and main pool. We were told to come back the next day and they did not have any other rooms except away from the beach and pool which we did not want with 2 small children. Just when we thought things could not get worse, when we took a shower the water was past our ankles, pretty disgusting. The next day we were told the same and we did not move until the third day of our vacation after I became annoyed which I do not like to do. They moved us after I asked the manager to come to our room and see how much he would like staying under these conditions. You have to make reservations for the al a carte restaurants everyday and only at certain times...what a pain and I am guessing if you have the RS it is a bit different but, that was a waste of time everyday. At the pool you had to go and get your own drinks as they did not have any waiters or waitresses which was the same at the shows and hardly any staff at the bars to serve you. You basically had to get your own drinks. We have stayed at Iberostar resorts before and wanted to try something different and all this resort did was confirm that Iberostar for us is the way to go. Yes, we did enjoy the food, beaches and Punta Cana is very beautiful. However, it depends what things are important to you and to us, room which by the way was just okay nothing great, service at the pool area and bars and booking restaurants once for your whole vacation like we were able to do at Iberostar who also had staff available to serve you drinks are important and this resort just did not have it. If you have not travelled alot and just like an ok resort to stay at this would be a good place but, if you want to be spoiled and have those extra touches even though it costs more, Iberostar will be our choice from now on. Once you get to the beach hang a right for about 10 minutes and you will find some shops for gifts, paintings etc.. but, it goes for awhile and head all the way to the end before you buy anything. they are very pushy but, you can certainly get a bargain. We are travelling with a big group next year and returning to Punta Cana but, to Iberostar not this resort.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>nic197
<Content>Would return for sure Loved the hotel! The grounds were very beautiful. My husband and I stayed from 11/11-11/18 in a Royal Service master suite. We stayed in villa 51 and absolutely enjoyed our stay. Rooms were great and the food was also very good. We only ate in 3 of the resaturants and kept returning to the Royal Service restaurant as we liked it best. Service was great, the staff was very friendly and helpful. We went to the spa and had a massage which was excellent and reasonably priced. I loved the beach and the bar tender made the drinks just right. Before we left I read the reviews and was a bit concerened about the negative ones but we did not experience anything negative at all. I would recommend the hotel. I just wish we didn't have such a long flight from California...One advice though...Bring strong bug spray. We and a couple from New Jersey got stung all over. She even had a allergic reaction to the bites. I recommend bringing an anti-itch lotion as well. I didn't have it and had to borrow it from the couple we met.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>joe777
<Content>Can't Wait To Return My girlfriend and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from Nov 11 to Nov 18. We stayed in the Royal Service Master Suite. Dispite the negative reviews I have read, I now realize these people are just not open minded. I am from New Jersey and I'm mature enough to realize that traveling to other countries will require adjustments. Food was above average (not excellent). I enjoyed the casino. Weather was in the upper 90s every day. The service was excellent regardless of where I went. Stomach bothered me one day but took some pepto hbizo and was fine. Buy your supplies (medicine) before you come. It's very expensive to buy it at the resort. When returning, buy your gifts before you get to the airport unless you see something you just have to have. This is because they won't negotiate with you at the airport.Anyway, got to go, but I would recommend this resort to anyone. I rate it a nine from one to ten. Enjoy :)  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TreborYalc
<Content>Great Family Resort Stayed a Royal Service Nov 4 to 11, 2006My wife, 2.5 yr old daughter, and I stayed at the Royal Suites Nov 4 to 11. Overall we were very statisfied with the resort and the service. The resort met our expectations for a family vacation.I read all the reviews posted here prior to our trip and found that much of the negative that others have described are likely overblown issues. Yes the resort is big - if you did not know that before arriving you probably did not do your research. Yes it is hot and sunny - if you don't want sun and heat stay north. This is one of the few resorts with a care program for toddlers - this was a key factor in our decision to select this Melia resort. My daughter spent about an hour and a half per day playing insde the very clean and air conditioned play room. The room is staffed by one to two staff depending on the number of kids. Any kid that goes to daycare will have no problem adapting. After signing-in our daughter each morning she would tell us that she would see us later. My wife and I used this time to walk the beach and swim in the ocean.For those who want to workout while on vacation - the resort has a very good gym for a resort - it's air conditioned, the cordio machines work, there is an ample supply of free weights and machines. I used the facility while my daughter and wife were napping - I pretty much had the place to myself. The gym is located within the Tropical Spa.Many people have commented about the train service. It is handy when you have a toddler and lots of stuff to take to the pool and the beach. We did not wait more than ten minutes for a train and usually less. I usually walked from the RS side to the gym cutting accross the resort - it took about 5 minutes.Overvall the food was good. We ate breakfast at the Gabi restaurant on the RS side everyday - typical breakfast stuff - something for everyone. Most lunches were at the Grill on the Tropical side. Mostly the same everyday. We had two dinner at the Gabi on the RS side. We had the choice between the buffet and a themed a la carte. The other dinners were at the Italian (not great), Mexican (good) , Japanese (excellent), Chinese (good), and Med (excellent) a la carte restaurants. The RS makes yur reservations so you don't need to get in line to make a reservation in the morning.We would also recommend the RS service. TWe stayed in Villa 52 on the RS side. Its the closest Villa to the beach and very close to the RS Pool and Gabi restaurant. he extra perks are well worth the money. We had no service problems - all staff were helpful. We had no language issues. We were able to get our check-out extended to 4:00 to accomdate our late 6:30 resort departure. We probalby could have had it extended later but I did not want to push our luck. After 4:00 we waited in the VIP lounge where you have free access to the net, drinks and appetizers, tV, newspaper and air conditioning. We would defintely recommend this resort for families. There lots of space for kids to roam. They have well organized activities for older kids. Can't comment on the night time entertainment bacause we did not see it.I am happy to answer any questions you may have about the reosrt and our recent experience.Rob - rvclay@rogers.com  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>pastrychefmom
<Content>Two kids review of Melia We are a family of four who stayed at the Melia from Nov.6-10. We brought our 4 1/2 yr old daughter and 6 1/2 year old son. They absolutely loved it and wanted to stay longer. Don't be concerned about the horrible food you are reading about. It was all edible and some even delicious! The kids liked the buffets and loved the Japanese restaurant. I agree with the other post that service at the Capri was a little slow. Not horrible in our case, just slower. They had a kids menu there which was a nice alternative since they only serve seafood. They stayed in the kids club for one full day and had a fun time with the other kids. You can read my extensive review from a mom's point of view, entitled, a Mom's review of the Melia Caribe just do a search.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaryJo34
<Content>this "yank" and her group of 6 loved the melia!!!       Beautiful Private Beach Section  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>popowife
<Content>Great For Relaxation This hotel is very large and beautiful. We decided to do the Royal Service and very pleased that we did. The hotel room was great and large, with comfortable beds and pillow service. The Royal Service Restaurante (Gabi Club) and pool as well as the private beach were really convenient. The beach was beautiful. Nice sandy beaches to walk on. The water was a little rough the first few days we were there, but eventually settled down and we were able to go in. The seaweed is not horrible and is mainly on the shoreline. It is still very hot there this time of year, so take light and comfortable clothing. Also, take the following:1. Bug Spray: I was attacked by mosquitoes at night, while walking or eating dinner.2. Lots of $1 bills or $5 bills for tipping. We tipped generously to the waiters/waitresses, as well as the maids. One waiter recognized us daily in the Gabi restaurant and had the hostess seat us at his table daily for breakfast and lunch. The only thing is, I felt like he knew he was going to get a tip regardless and instead of the service getting better, it started to go down. After 2 or 3 days of consistent tipping to this one guy, he just quit refilling the water, coffee, juice, etc. I also felt that many of the butlers and servers do not feel compelled to do things for you unless you are willing to tip them. Service went down for us as the days progressed.3. A Spanish guide book to help with phrases. Do not go down there expecting them to know English. They all know a little, and remember, we are going to their country! Know a few phrases and you will get by.Do not bother with the casino! It has about 30 .25 cent slots that are so old and three poker tables. Not worth spending your $ there. The Spa:My husband and I both got massages which were the best I have ever had. Definitely worth it. Now, the bad. Ladies, DO NOT get the pedicures. I got a Spa Pedicure ($40 US) the day before we left. They do not have the equipment to do the pedicures. They soaked my feet in one of those home foot spas for about 3 minutes. Then, she rubbed some apricot scrub stuff on them, rinsed them in the home foot spa, and then dunked them in paraffin. The parrafin was very hot and I instintively pulled my foot up for a second to let it cool and she pushed my knee down so my foot went back in. Then, she took off the paraffin, put one coat of polish, did the other foot, put my flip flops on (my toes were still wet) and sent me on my way. When I walked out of the room, her and her two coworkers were laughing and carrying on. They were all very rude. Definitely not worth the money. She did not trim the nails, take off the dead skin, nothing....If you are looking for a place for relaxation, this is your place. If you are looking for a place with a lot to do, not the place for you. The evening shows are mediocre. Not a whole lot of entertainment. The food was OK. Dominican rest. was great. The Chinese rest. made me sick.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>sms74zx6r
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical exceeded our expectations.       Beach obviously  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Ken-Mary
<Content>Good Vacation - (Thanks to Royal Service)       Wanna buy a hat?  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	3	2	5	5	3	

<Author>EveH
<Content>Exceeded Our Expectations, What a Wonderful Stay! The hotel was beautiful and huge, very elegant and decorated with a lot of taste with lots of marble and nice pieces of art and furniture. The food was great with many restaurant choices.The resort is very family oriented and safe with lots of activities for everyone. The entertainment is very good with great shows with professional dancers and they have a kid's show every night before the adults show, right after dinner. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The beach is amazing with white sand and typical blue green caribbean water. All the non motorized sports and alcoholic beverages are included as well and you can get more than one choice of food and deserts at any of the specialty restaurants (the ones with reservations).The night life in the resort is so so but there is a club 10 minutes from there called Mangu that makes up for it, where you can go dance techno, hip hop and local music with a beautiful young crowd. We went there as a couple with friends this time but are definitively going back next year with grandma and the kids.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JosieHart
<Content>Ignore the yanks, this is a great hotel!!! Ignore all the American reviews, this is a great hotel!!Hello to Jennifer, David, Shireen, Princess Sade, Leanne and Josh the Nottingham Crew!!! You helped make our holiday very special. Mark  Wendy the Llandudno duo who caused chaos and laughter wherever they went!!!We spent many an hour of laughter together especially after our plane was delayed on the last day of our holiday and we had to spend an extra day at the resort (what a chore!!) Then playing Lick  Stick with everyone was hilarious!!!!!Anyway more about this hotel..............The staff are very very helpful, in fact some of them made our stay more enjoyable. We are a family of 4, 2 adults and 2 kids aged 14 and 12. We booked with Direct Holidays (this was the only bad thing! Dont use them the rep is rubbish and the customer service is awful). We arrived at the hotel and found the check in really good, you had to make sure that you luggage had been taken off the air conditioned bus so that the bell boys could take it all to your room. The check in staff were very helpful, we were allocated a room near to the pool and beach. Whilst we were being checked in, staff from the bar came with drinks for everyone including the kids. We were given lots of info on how to navigate around the complex to booking your evening meal. Once we were all had our new bracelets fitted we were shown where the train stop was so that we could get to our room easily.The little bus/train runs every 15 minutes and the stops are clearly marked with the room numbers. The guy that drove the train asked where we were going as he recognised us as 'newbie鈥檚'! He then told us where to get off and where we could catch the train in the future. We became very friendly with him over the course of the holiday and we nicknamed him 'Mr Arsenal' as he loved that terrible English football team!Our room was great. We had two double beds, large bathroom, large sofa and table, dressing table and another single bed. We have a lovely balcony that overlooked beautiful gardens. Each day our maid would come and clean our room, she left loads of bottles of water, coke, 7up and towels each time. She made a real effort each day to tidy up, with 4 of us in the room it did become very untidy at times (to the point of embarrassment), however, she always left it looking lovely. We had fresh flowers each day in the bathroom etc, on the first day I noticed ants on the bathroom sink and she explained it was from the flowers, she killed them all and washed the flowers under the water. She did this each time and therefore we never saw another one in or near our room all holiday. I must admit that we did tip our maid well, 2-3 dollars every other day, some people commented that they got very little service, water not stocked up and towels not changed.....(this is for Wendy  Mark, lets name and shame!!!) I would suggest that you do tip at the time rather than leave it to the end of your holiday. We did have a change of maid for the last 3-4 days therefore if we had left it we would not have tipped the maid that we should have done, the new one would have reaped all the benefit.The air conditioning was heaven, we left ours on all the time and at night, and the ceiling fan was also a great bonus. We always had hot water and the shower was great.WORD OF WARNING TO ALL GHD HAIR STRAIGHTNER USERS!!!!!! They will NOT work. There is not enough wattage in the room for them, you can buy a converter from the shop but this did not work for me it in fact blew up the socket!!! Take your gas cordless one or have terrible hair like me all holiday!!The pool was great, every morning the pool guys would spend hours cleaning it, we often got them a couple of beers and they really liked that. In fact we always got our spot on the sun beds and they were always clean and tidy.The beach was great, every morning you would see a team cleaning up the seaweed and raking the sand. The guys selling the scuba diving  excursions were a bit of a pain, but if you tell them straight away that you are not interested then they will leave you alone.The beach buffet restaurant was great, the food was lovely and they also have a bar for all the drinks you need. The hot meat spit was lovely each day, they had a chef that would finish the meat off in front of you and therefore if you liked your steak well done you could have it just like that. We mainly used this restaurant for breakfast, the peacocks come to visit too, and they love the toast!The second day we were there we were asked to attend a welcome meeting with our rep; he was very informative about the trips etc. They will push for you to book through them, however there are other desks that you can book with and are a bit better in customer service and price.Monster Truck - you must go on, one of the best trips I have ever had. You really see the true Dominican Republic, really puts your own life in perspective.Saona Island - if you don鈥檛 mid the long long bus ride then go - they will tell you it is only an hour away but it is not - 3 hours each way. The island is beautiful and where they film the Bounty adverts and the catamaran was a lovely experience, however if I had known the real traveling time I probably would not have bothered.Quad Biking - This is a real must!!! My favorite trip, our travel rep advised us not to, but this was because he did not get the commission!! See Michael - he will give you a really good price and the trip with El Rancho is well worth it.The food in all the restaurants was superb; most of the American people that we met said that the American Grill 'sucked' however we all found it great. The kids loved it. One of the guys waiting on called Francis, made a real effort with our two boys, who often would eat there every evening, we would go to the Japanese or the Mexican whilst Francis made sure the boys got their meal! You do have to book each day by calling a reservation number however we had no problem getting a table and we ate at every restaurant at some point during the holiday.All the staff were pleasant, helpful and entertaining. I was once lounging in the pool listening to a large group of Americans really complaining to one another about the service, food and anything they could complain about, I could not believe it, the staff worked all hours god sent and worked really hard to provide the best service, I would love to stay at the hotels they loved as I could not understand what they really wanted out of it.Towel service at the pool is great too - hello to the guys that run it - really helpful and on one occasion put out our towels on the sun beds we used each day!!! Thank you for the CD of the music you played at the bar too!You must be careful of the pathways at the hotel, when they get wet they do get very slippy, as we arrived a couple of people had broken bones and had sprained ankles, however if you are careful you will never have a problem.Overall this was a fantastic holiday. Most say that if you go to the Caribbean you will not go anywhere else again. I know that we will be returning next year it was a great experience and one that I would like to have time and time again.Top tips for you......Take lots of $1 to tipTake a cordless set of hair straightnersBook the Monster Truck TripBook the Quad biking trip with El RanchoGo to the Japanese Restaurant - even if you have never tried itHave a great time and don't let any of the bad reviews put you off. If you want any info - email me at josie.hart30@btinternet.com - I will tell you anything about the hotel!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheCannon
<Content>Many more positives than negatives It seems that there are quite a few of us writing reviews who happened to be there at the same time. Here's our take:AirportI agree with the other comments regarding the bag porters. Take your bags and hold on to them. The bus area is only a few feet away, it's not worth getting your help, especially since the only reason they're there is because they refuse to let you take the bag strollers the remaining few steps. Unfortunately, coming back to the airport on our bus, you really have no choice. They swoon in on buses when they arrive, and our bags were already in their hands by the time we stepped off the bus.Check-inThis was the worst experience of the trip. Due to travelling with small children, we decided to book Royal Service due to some things that we felt would make our trip more enjoyable (such as preferred reservations for restaurants, etc..). The bus drops you off at main check-in. When I told them that it was Royal Service that I was looking for, I was told to wait for someone to take me there. I understand the Carribean lifestyle, but after waiting 30 minutes, I went back to speak with check-in. I was told that I should never had been asked to wait, and they proceeded to check me in. At the point where they give you the wristbands, I confirmed that this was Royal Service, and they explained that it wasn't. They checked my reservation again and saw that we indeed needed Royal Service, so they told me to wait again. This time, it only took two minutes to get whisked away to Royal Service check-in by golf cart. If we had known then what we know now, we would have walked the 30 seconds it takes to get to Royal Service check-in from main check-in.RoomsDisappointing. Very spacious and well-appointed. However, all furniture smells like stagnant water as though wet guests have been sitting on them. This makes the room in general smell less than satisfactory, but not enough to ruin our stay. When you pay for Royal Service, you just expect a clean smelling room. Other than that, housekeeping was adequate. They came daily to clean our room thoroughly and to refill the minibar. They weren't too good with foresight, for example, as a Kleenex box with one remaining Kleenex was not replenished, etc.. Further, Air Conditioning was out for three days. Luckily, we were on the shaded side, so our room hovered around 70 degrees regardless, but others we spoke to were uncomfortable in their 78 degree rooms.ResortAbsolutely huge and amazing. Very well manicured, the place looks awesome. The train is quite efficient at getting you where you want to go, and the Royal Service Golf Carts complete what is necessary to get around here. Definitely take the time to walk from the beach to your room. There's lots to see, and you'll likely miss out on things if you just rely on transportation.FoodAdequate. I wouldn't go as far as some other reviewers saying that it was awful. Dominicans are certainly not known for spicy foods, so a lot of what we ate just tasted bland, but not horrible. There were several enjoyable things to eat everywhere we stopped, so we came nowhere close to starving. Restaurants on the Tropical side are closed at this time of year, so we had the choice of Guarapo (Dominican), the Italian, Ma Maison (French), Capri (Seafood), Hokkaido (Japanese), and the International Buffet that's housed in what is normally the Mexican restaurant when the Tropical side is open (hence why the previous reviewer found that there was no Mexican food at the Mexican restaurant). There are also snack places, such as Turey on the beach that's nice and convenient for lunching. Royal Service also gives you access to the Gabi Club that's fantastic for Breakfasts. Note that Royal Service guests can book into restaurants earlier than other guests, so we had no issues getting into wherever we wanted to go. I highly recommend Hokkaido if you have children. While the food is adequate and is standard sit-around-the-grill Japanese fare, the staff are very entertaining, and our children could not get enough of them.BeachLovely, fine sand. No rocks. Seaweed wasn't horrible - staff obviously clean up frequently, but there was a storm off-shore that made the water a little choppy and hence dislodged more seaweed than typical, especially in the last few days of our trip. Waves are safe for yound children... I wanted more and bigger, but this is the wrong location is you are looking for surfing. Royal Service has a private beach area with a bar (for those saying that you needed a bar on the beach). Non Royal Service beaches did not have a bar.PoolsGreat pools, lots of variety. If you go during the slow season certainly stop by the Tropical side. Pools to yourselves. We found out about this on our first day as we were investigating the kids' club right next to Tropical pool.Kids' clubOur baby was treated like Royalty. At this time of year, she was the only baby around, so she had personal service. Definitely seek out Dania and Raquel - they're awesome. Kids' club for our 5 year-old was a disappointment. It is probably really good when the resort is full, but this is the downpart of low season - no kids for her to play with. She opted not to go to the kids' club and spent her time with us instead.LanguageNot one to mince words, I have to tell you that this is a Spanish country. If your ethnocentrism is going to cause you to have a bad time because the locals can't understand you to your satisfaction, then I suggest that you'd be better off either staying home, or choosing an island that is English-speaking. Please don't be an ugly tourist. Go and enjoy the people, they'll try hard to work with you if you try hard to work with them. Learning a few simple Spanish phrases can go a long way.PeopleALL of the staff were fantastic. Be careful not to take them to their word when it comes to times - two Dominican hours is quite a bit different than two real hours. Don't take it as an insult, just realize that this is the way things are done here.Vendors and TimesharesVendors on the beach (between resort areas) and timeshare salespeople are all pushy. If you remain polite, keep walking to where you're going, and give them a few No gracias, you won't have to waste any holiday time. We were asked about timeshares twice our entire week, and thus consumed a total of a minute of our holidays. We spent more time with vendors, but only by choice as we did want to pick up some local stuff at the market. Remember: NO GRACIAS. If they ask you Porque no? (Why not), answer No quiero (I don't want) if usually effective at disarming as there's nothing to come back with.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	2	5	4	

<Author>TANKOL
<Content>Ignore the bad reviews My friend booked this holiday as she had chosen this resort for her wedding which took place on 20.10.06. We were worried before we went having read some of the reviews and i must say its by far the nicest place i have ever been to. There was a group of 20 of us staying in this hotel. The resort was immaculate, the rooms were lovely and i thought the grounds were beautiful and very well looked after. the gardeners were out everyday tidying them.Food- the food was fantastic. We ate in most of the restaurants and the french was by far my favourite. we had no problem getting into any of the restaurants. the buffet restaurants were also really good and plenty of different things to chose from. the Japanese was really good too and is an entertaining evening. the Chinese was closed, however, the rep told us that if you want Chinese food this can be arranged by booking for your group in one of the other restaurants and letting them know you want chinese food and this can be sorted out. so although its closed it does not mean you have to miss out on the chinese food.Room- my room was 3319. it was lovely and very clean. the maids came in every day to clean and give us fresh towels. flowers were arranged in the sink which is a lovely touch. there is no need to go Royal Service at all.Staff- the staff were very helpful. when it rained they brought us umberellas, offered us lifts on the golf cart, could not being us enough drinks in the restaurants and gave us plenty of water. i expected to have to tip lots at this hotel and i did not tip until the end of the holiday and they were very grateful.Checking in- 16 of us travelled together and then 4 joined us later. we had no problem checking in and they delivered the bags to our rooms too.Entertainment- As we were a large group it was quite easy to entertain ourselves. the ladies in our group did join in the kids club dances as we like doing the YMCA etc and the reps even got us to join them on stage which was fun. There is also the casino which is good if you are winning! the bar in the casino is air conditioned so its nice and cool in there and its nice to relax and have a drink in. there is also a pool table in the casino and the music they play in there can be quite good too. The shows were good in the evening and after they finished there was spanish music and dancing which i really enjoyed watching. Beach- the beach was gorgeous. we went there everyday. the pol area was lovely too and there was activities going off at the beach and pool. very clean.I also tried the spa. we had out hair and make up done there for the wedding and they were really good and very quick. I did have a massage too which was lovely.Everything about this hotel was really good. i cant find any problems with it and would recommend it to anyone just wanting to go on holiday and relax. dont be put off by the bad reviews.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RDG123
<Content>Good value, but some trade-offs       Melia Tropical Lobby  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>GolfingJosh
<Content>Great Time Oct 14th-21st       Breakfast Area - From the Inside  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tratricia
<Content>Nice resort but don't recommend it My husband and I just spent a week at this resort from 10/16 to 10/22 on our honeymoon. We had a good experience overall but I will not go back there for one reason - we were harassed the whole trip to go to see this 90 minute presentation where they try to get you to buy a timeshare. Now, this would be fine if we decided to look into it. But instead we were given this invitation under the guise of getting a beach bag. It was not until we were almost at the office when we were told that it was a 90 minute presentation. We immediately said that we were not interested. This was on Monday. On Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday we were approached by others trying to give us this invitation and when we told them we had received it, they asked us for our room number which they looked up to see whether or not we had sat for this 90 minute presentation. We finallly went to this thing on Friday and everything seems wonderful until you get to the price...mind you - they will try to sell you the highest priced package and not really tell you about the lower priced packages. Anyway, they will not let you leave there without first trying EVERYTHING possible to cajole a deposit from you. After I said for the 5th time that we were on our honeymoon, that our priority was to buy our first house, etc...I finally lost my patience and we walked out of there. The very next day, someone else chased us down to ask us if we had gone to the presentation and I said I'd had enough of this presentation and that they ruined my vacation with it.If you go to this resort, do not accept this invitaion unless you have $38,000 to spend (that you have to pay off in 10 years) with a $3000 deposit (that they will try to get down to as much as you say you can spend but you still have to pay off the balance within 45 days).I can complain about other things but those things are minor compared with the above.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>antsinherpants
<Content>we loved our trip oct 6 through oct 11weather was perfectwe did upgrade to royal service even though we were advised that we did not need it by our travel agent.once we were there - no problems with anythingcheck in was simplesafe worked the first timethe area was clean and beautifulthe staff was pleasant and helpful every single daypillow service is weird - you have to order each day but still nicefood - breakfast was our favorite, japanese was good, domican ok, gabi was good - sitting around the RS pool with the grill -definately try the chicken that is on the grill stake - great!!!walk to beach or ride either is really nicebeach had seaweed - imagine a beach with seaweed - ha ha water was clear and beautifulbreeze was excellentate at the other side - for lunch one day - it was also goodRS pool is nicer than other side - other side was much more crowdedif you have question just ask me - our trip was greatleaving is another story and was a problem with Delta not the Domican Republic nor Melia Caribe...Delta cancelled a flight the day before we left - so they had to book all the people for both flights on our flight - so we stood in line with Delta for 2 hours - not great - but when you travel - and I do - you know this happens.enjoy your day  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rockape846
<Content>Nice enough, might go back. Stayed at Melia Caribe Tropical from 27 Sep 2006 to 11 Oct 2006, and what a good time was had by all. I was there as part of a group of 32, attending the wedding of my cousin Martin to Donna on the 6th Oct.The holiday had been booked through first choice, who will not be getting any repeat business due to them telling us lies about... 1 I had read reports on here that 3 restaurants were shut, this was confirmed by first choice but we were told that the menus would by available in the other restaurants, that was not true when we asked around the other restaurants. 2 Read report on here that the pool on the tropical side was shut, first choice said no it was open, we got there and the pool was a building site, photos and video have been taken to back this up. 3 We had booked to stay in the Tropical side but ended up staying in the Caribe side due to First Choice mistake. 4 We had had a block of seats reserved for us as we had 9 babies/toddlers/children travelling with us. We got to check in at east midlands and there didn't know about any block booking of seats, 13 month old baby ended up being 5 rows away from his mum n dad. Also there had been no child meals put on board, so some never had a main meal on the 8 1/2 hour flight. 5 In the 2006 First Choice brochure it states that you don't pay the $20 departure tax until 2007. Anyway enough about that back to the holiday.Hotel Room; I shared a room (3301) with the grooms father, it had twin double beds on the ground floor, it was nice and airy smelt a bit damp when we first got in it but the smell soon went, bath room was ok the bath. shower mixer handle was broken but sort of worked to a fashion, it did it's job, made the mistake of turning on the small shower head whilst it was still in the holder and got a right blast in the face, didn't make that mistake again lol. Plenty of storage space, TV channels ok. Fridge was full of water and soft drinks, the maid stocked up the water but never the soft drinks, however we found the maids storage cupboard which was never locked and helped ourselves to soft drinks, all inclusive n all that. Safe worked at the first attempt.Watch out for the yellow brick road, when it's been raining or the sprinklers have been on it can be very slippery, they do have signs around but it can catch you out.Food/Drinks; The first night we all eat at the Mexican buffet and the food was very good, during the 2 weeks I eat at all but the Italian, the Hokkaido was brilliant as was the seafood where I had 2 main meals in 1 sitting. The best of the all for me was the French; the food is out of this world. The booking system works ok, some nights you could just walk up and ask for a table and you would get straight in. It did get busy during the 2nd week as more people had booked in. I was only slightly ill for half a day and that was after trying some mama guana out of the big bottle at the Caribe pool bar other than that I was fine. Other members of the group did become bound to the toilet for a day at a time, mostly after eating at the Italian.I sampled a few glasses of El president which was very good, a rum n Pepsi would have to have a few top ups of Pepsi as there would be a bit to much brugal in it. Don't buy stuff from the on site shops, get in with the staff and for a couple of $ they will bring in stuff for you. 1 litre of gold Bacardi for $12 off site, 200 cigs $18/19 off site instead of $28 on site, $6 for Pringles on site $1.50 for a BIG bag of whatsits.Entertainment; The shows were very cheesy and sometimes badly mimed, they try there best. We didn't know about the fun pub until I found it 4 days into the holiday, after that we would be in there from 10pm until about 12 when the kids had to leave, some of us would stay to carry on playing pool, after 12 the Spanish music would come back on. The casino is small but fun I didn't have a go but several people from the group did and won money. The sports bar is ok, nice and cold, always some form of sport on the screens basketball, football or baseball. Drinks were good there.Wedding; The wedding was very very nice, the white carriage needs a bit of looking at, as the back wheels look like they could collapse at any moment, there was a problem with some of the forms but that was sorted out very quickly.Overall, we had a brilliant time. The pool was big enough for all; beer was good and cold, lots of loungers and shade. The beach is very clean, enough of water sports, which you sometimes have to pre book most times you can just walk stright up and take a boat out. The sea is warm, some fish in places, some seaweed and they do clear it. Never had a problem with the staff at all, I did try to order things in my pigeon Spanish, if I got stuck they understood my English, couldn't do enough for you.I only saw 1 cockroach which was in our room and I dispatched it within 10 seconds, I did get bit 4 times, 2 on my left foot ( sand flies) on the first day and 1 on the back of my neck and right elbow ( mosquito ) and they were both on the last night, other members of the group had bites all over there legs from the ants in the lobby and avenue bar areas.Food is good, drink lots of water, and I was drinking between 8-9 bottles a day plus beer and other drinks. Sun cream is a must, I started on factor 30 for 2 days then down to 20 then to 10 and the last 3 days I was on factor 4 tanning oil It is really hot. Not quite a 5 star place defiantly a 4 starI鈥檓 sure I鈥檝e missed something but will add it later.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>odalec
<Content>Awful Service !!!!!!!!!!! I just got back from Punta Cana, We stayed at this hotel and the service .....well, there is NONE!We arrived on a bus from Santo Domingo (the capital)The ride was great, nice bus. I told the driver that we were staying at the Melia Caribe, he said no problem we'll stop at the entrance of that hotel. So he did, we got off the bus right at the entrance of the Melia complex where you can find the Melia Caribe Tropical and The Paradisus Palma Real. We asked the guard to please have someone come to pick us up to take us to the lobby, it was a ten minutes walk, it was 2 p.m (very hot) and we had our lugagge with us. To this request he replied that they don't do that. I was shoked !!! He told us to call a taxi to take us in from the entrance to the lobby, I asked him to call the reception desk to confirm that we could not be helped, and sure enough they said...take a taxi. The guard then said that if we were paying extra for the premium service or if we had been staying at the Paradisus Palma Real that they would had come to pick us up. Great !!! I came all the way to the DR and paid this hotel to remind me that I am not special during my vacation stay because I am paying the regular rate instead of the upgraded????What??? The guard called a taxi, the taxi driver found the ride so ridiculus that he did't charged us (we gave him the fare anyway US$5.00) This was the first day of our vacation, to say the least, not very relaxing and enjoyable. The hotel was O.K. (I've been in better) the food was mediocre, and did I mention the service? Really bad !!!!! We stayaed for four days and I found 3 cocoroaches in my bedroom. You'll say...it's the Caribbean, it's normal. I can qualify myself as a Caribbean expert, I have traveled to almost every single island of the region and I can excuse one cocoroach one day, but 3 out of the 4 days!!!! I don't even want to imagine their kitchen area!!! YUK. To me the overall experience was terrible, I think that for the money I could of done better in Jamaica, Cozumel, Playa del Carmen or Cancun. As a matter of fact...I am done with Punta Cana, pretty beaches but the service it's not there.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>woodwire
<Content>Paradise       Private Pool area  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>awayonvacay
<Content>ROYAL SERVICE upgrade a must Thank you to all that have written reviews for this destination. We took the advice and upgraded to Royal Service once we arrived, and we are glad that we did. Of course we cannot compare to the regular hotel experience but the service we received on the Royal Service side was unlike anything we have ever experienced. The staff were AMAZING. We were treated like royalty for a week and it was beyond our imagination. The food was great and the place was spotless.My only negative experience occurred before even leaving when we booked through Flight Centre. We received horrible service (from the assistant manager) when trying to take advantage of the Hurricane Guarantee sold to us. It turned out that the tour operator had not been as clear in the wording, which was cleared up upon our return. It was an unnecessarily frustrating experience and at no time did we feel value as customers. When we returned we send a letter to the complaints department of Flight Centre who failed to acknowledge our issue. After over a week and a second email being sent, they sent a form letter type response with the offer of a pathetic $100 travel voucher. (after we spent six hours the day before we were to travel fighting with the representative who was beyond disrespectful). Neither the assistant manager, nor the manager of the location even responded to the copy of the letter that was sent to them. I feel that this company did not value us as a customer and failed to properly rectify the situation.Hence why we were willing to spend the extra money for the upgrade to Royal Service, and we are glad that we did. The service at the hotel from start to finish was great. Everything from being driven to our suite, the unlimited room service, the shuttles to the private section of the beach (even though it was well within walking distance), and the friendly staff were all top notch - I would highly recommend this destination to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gav54
<Content>Beautiful resort - Gr8 place to have a relaxing holiday First and fore most, the Dominican Republic is a very poor country but with a great wealth in history. Myself and my partner stayed here in May 2006 for 14 days and we had a brilliant time, we are both in our mid-late(me) twenties.Flight. Gatwick - Punta CanaWe flew with First Choice and upgraded to their premier seats, which was only a couple of hundred pounds extra and well worth the price due to the 8 1/2 hour flight. The seats were comfortable but due to booking late we did not sit together on the way there. The food was good and the in flight entertainment was first class.Airport - Punta CanaHot Humid and beautiful - very thing you would expect from the Caribbean!Bus ride to the hotel was interesting, there are alot of run down villages and shops, but what I expected.Hotel We had a twin bed and a normal room on the ground floor on the Caribe side block 32, I think. It was perfect. Close enough to the beach and pool and far away enough to walk to the restaurants to make sure you dinner went down before bed.This resort is based on relaxation and there is not a huge amount to do at night, but we made our own entertainment.The pools are fanstatic, big and clean, and cool. The beach is beautiful and I have seen some of the best beaches in the world, and this is right up there. It does get a little busy but who cares when you are on holiday, looking at water can only be done for so long. The beach team are fantastic and the beach olympics are gr8 fun, very tiring though. FoodOk the booking of the restaurnants is a little bit annoying, but I enjoyed the walk back at 1530hrs to cool off and book. We never had a problem getting into any of the restaurants as we were just two but I could see it being difficult with a bigger party. Right, the nitty dritty. The breakfasts were good, I tipped one waiter 10 dollars on the first day and he looked after us everyday for 2 weeks, even carried our food to the table and was always willing to get tea, juice etc for us. The waiters get paid very little and if you smile and be nice, they are so friendly and helpful. It was 10 dollars which really is nothing for gr8 service. We had everthing you could want, from cereals, eggs, toast, bacon etc etc. The fruit juice was always cold and fresh.Lunch - Pizza, burgers, sandwiches - ice cream. I tried to have salad as much as possible but I put it in my sandwishes and blasted it with the toaster machine just in case, cause there are flies and it is warm - what do you except, its the caribbean.Dinner - either book in the morning or at 1530, which I preferred,but its your choice. The best restaurants are the international, american, japanese, mexician(air-con) and French. Least favourite was the Italian and Chinese, they were ok!!! and I forgot the Dominican was gr8 too.Drinks - I found them quite strong, and I am scottish. The GTs were gr8 and a couple of those at the bar near the american were just gr8 to start the evening off.Entertainment. The fun pub - cheesy music, small disco but the beer is poured in big glasses just ask for a pint glass, the pool table works and every friday and saturday it got quite busy and there was always some decent tunes to dance to. The casino is small but fun. We played the slots every night nearly and came out even in the end. The sports bar is comfortable, always a game on, either basketball or baseball. Drinks were good there.We never went to any nightshows as we were too tired and they looked abit cheesy.Went night time swimming a few times which was fun!!!!!!Overall, we had a gr8 time. The pools are big, beer is good, loads of deck chairs and shade. The beach is gr8, loads of water sports , which remember to pre book. The sea is warm, loads of fish, little seaweed and they do clear it. Have a stroll along the beach and you see were they dump it. Food is good, didnt get sick, drink lots of water, I was drinking at least 10-12 bottles a day plus beer. Sun cream all you need 25-30 factor, I was really brown after 12 days and went onto 12 and got sun blisters. It is really hot.How does it compare to Mexico and St Lucia. It is up there regards beach and pool, the rooms are a little bit disappointting but for value for money it is good. Food and drink was impressive for a caribbean all inclusive. I have travelled all over the world and would highly recommend the resort for the money you pay.Advice - I had a cough before I went and managed to get broncitis in the caribbean, only a scotsman can do that. Anyhow, I needed to go to the clinic cause I was having difficulty breathing. Didnt help I had just done the beach olympics. We called the doctor as I couldnt catch my breath and he sent me to the hospital.OK word of warning, dont let them send you to the private clinic unless you are on deaths door step or you have broken something. Before I knew it we were on a 20mins journey to the clinic and strapped in. When we were told in my hotel room we were only going to the hotel clinic instead. The private clinic took 4 hours to take an xray and they insisted I stay the night so that they could put antibiotics into me with an IV. Well they do this cause they can get $1000 a night for you. So ask to go to the hotel clinic and get the Doctor to get the hotel to get antibiotics from the local pharm. It is cheaper, quicker and you dont have to stay in the private clinic which is not the most hygenic place I have been too.Just a piece of advice and this certainly didnt hinder the holiday.Its a gr8 place, beautiful gardens, beautiful beach. We got engaged there and we are going back with the family to get married again in May, but going to stay in the RS section. So ignore any negative reviews the holiday is what you make it. Smile, have fun and enjoy the sun, cause its hot all day long.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>RAAP
<Content>Nice hotel with bad service The hotel facilities are very nice, even though, lacking maintenance. The hotel main building has fountains all over the place, however, none is working. I guess that when the hotel was designed, the fountains were included to give a sense of freshness, since there is no AC at the lobby, bar and most of the spaces of this property, were the hot, hot, hot weather and high humidity are really annoying.The people that work here seem to be doing it mostly for survival, not because they like their jobs. Most of them are very unfriendly and mean, as if they are providing a favor to the customer. It is very interesting to see how all high executives are foreigners and dominicans are the ones in the lower ranks. The meanest of them all were the Reservations Manager at this hotel and Marilyn, the lady at the entrance of the japanese restaurant. By the way, food is not so nice at any of the understtaffed restaurants. The Servicio Real (Royal Service) restaurant, by the pool is filled with flies and nobody does anything to have them fly away. The Servicio Real at the beach its not worth the name.The gardens of the hotel are perfectly maintained, but again, the fountains in the gardens are not running, turning the nice ponds into mosquito reservoirs.The only person that made our stay gratifyng was the lady that cleaned our room, Veronica, who was always trying its best to provide an excellent service.The hotel is really beautiful, but service and maintenance are not their qualities.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	3	1	3	

<Author>SINCY
<Content>fantastic holiday highly recommended Karen, Warrington UK.We have been back nearly two weeks and it has to be one of the best holidays that I have ever had. The people must be the friendliest I have ever met. A bit disappointed at first when we realised that the pool view we were facing was for the Service Royal customers only, we even looked into upgrading then decided against it. Glad we did, had some great excursions and the bar tender(Algor) what a charactor. I am really fussy on my food, sorry but I just couldn't fault with the range and variety really enjoyed it. Would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone and we will be returning.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>MNStamey
<Content>Disregard the negative reviews My boyfriend and I stayed at this property for 5 nights (September 18, 2006-September 23, 2006) in the Royal Service area. I had read tons of reviews before leaving and I was nervous that 1) we would encounter theives, 2) the food would be disgusting; 3) the hotel employees would be rude; and 4) that there would be a huge amount of bugs. I am happy to report that we encountered none of these things, and we would recommend this property to anyone who wants a relaxing beach vacation. We stay at the Ritz Carlton when we travel in the U.S., so we are used to luxury; however, we were both happy with this property and would stay here again. Just understand that you are living on Caribbean time and that English is not the first language of this country. If you can get used to these two things you will be super happy.ROYAL SERVICE AREA/AMENITIESOur room was great. We had a junior suite complete with plasma television, Jacuzzi tub, functioning safe, turn down service, butler, and aromatherapy pillows. Take advantage of the aromatherapy pillows and be sure to have your butler prepare Jacuzzi baths for you complete with flower petals. The mini bar is average, so I would recommend bringing a couple bags of snacks to keep in your room (e.g., chips, pretzels, etc.) because the only thing in the room is beverages. Maid service was average and I do not recommend heavy tipping to try and get extra towels, more drinks, etc. We left $5 per day and received no fringe benefits. The Royal Service pool area was very nice and we were able to get good drink service by tipping well on the first round of drinks. I brought a thermos with me that I filled up with ice water each a.m. and I would recommend that you do this too. The heat is pretty intense and the water helped cool me down. Don't forget to use bottled water. My absolute favorite part of the Royal Service area was the private beach. The thatched roof umbrellas were so cute and the coconut shell drinks were the best. You may also sun bathe topless in this area so do not be surprised by this. This area is extremely quiet and we spent most of our days here. Tip well at the beginning of the day and the attendant will take very good care of you. One thing to note with any alcoholic beverages- they are weak, so just ask for a touch more liquor and you will be much happier. Also, the only beer served is El Presidente. The wine list was pretty horrible so try to avoid it all together.The Royal Service Lounge/VIP area was great for checking e-mails daily. The 20 minute limit was not a problem, because there were very few people at the resort when we visited. Also, if you forgot to bring a book or need to borrow another, there are several books to choose from in this area. The drink and food in the lounge were pretty suspect, so I did not try those. However, my boyfriend had the chicken wings and said they were fine.CHECK IN/OUTVery simple. Tell the porters that you have Royal Service and you will be taken to a private check in with no lines, fresh drinks, cool towels, and a brief overview of the property. The spa services were inexpensive; however, we did not schedule an appointment because we did not want to miss out on the beach time. Check out- make sur eto find out when your tour bus will be picking you up for the airport. We were told by the hotel that it would be two hours prior to departure time. It was actually three hours so we missed the bus. However, we caught a taxi for $30 and made it to the airport with time to spare.AIRPORTThe airport is very small and easy to navigate. One of our bags did not make it down with us the first day; however, it was delivered to us on day three. Make sure that if your luggage is lost you fill out a claim form with your hotel's name and a contact number. Many people had lost bags so put your must haves in your carry on. Departing- do not, I repeat, do not try to take any illegal substances with you out of the country. Drug dogs will greet you at the airport, and I strongly recommend that you do not put yourself in a bad situation. You will be offered these things while you are at your resort; however, do not even think about taking them home with you. Enough said about that one.PACKINGPack light. I wore my bathing suits and cover ups day in/day out. I wore a sun dress on two occasions, but I did not need 80% of what I had packed. Bring comfortable shoes (my tevas were the best thing for me) and take advantage of the transportation on the Royal Service golf carts if you are wearing heels or anything uncomfortable. The resort is huge, so be prepared to walk or wait for a lift on one of the golf carts.MONEYBring tons of $1's and $5's. We brought around $100 in $1's and ran out before the end of the stay, so bring $200 to be on the safe side. We really did not spend a whole lot of cash other than tips, so you will not need much $$$ if you do not plan on loading up on souvenirs. EXCURSIONSI booked a private deep sea fishing charter with Mike's Marina Tours that cost $590 before we arrived in the Dominican Republic. It was a waste of money, and I would advise you to take the $90 per person option instead of getting a private charter. Before booking I was told that Blue Marlin, Barracuda and other sport fish were in season; however, on the day of the trip I was told that we would only see mahi-mahi. The trip was very disappointing and I would advise you to think long and hard before spending $600 on such a trip. We did not book any other excursions; however, the tour guide in the lobby can help you set up any of the trips you are interested in.TIMESHARE SALESWe were approached on two occasions regarding 90 minute sessions to learn what the resort has to offer. Just tell them that you are not interested and do not be guilted into attending. They will get the picture and move on pretty quickly.LANGUAGE BARRIERI found it pretty easy to get my point across and the hotel staff really appreciated my feeble attempts to speak Spanish. I brought a tiny Spanish to English dictionary with me and it helped a great deal. That way even if I could only get one word in Spanish across it helped to smooth the conversation. Bottom line: I truly enjoyed my vacation and would recommend this resort to anyone who is visiting the Dominican Republic. Happy travels and feel free to drop me a line if you have any questions at mnstamey@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cobra111
<Content>good but no way 5 star in low season we arrived on the 30th aug until 13th sept we did not go royal service as there were none available when we booked and did not know we could up grade when we arrived. when we arrived after very long flight (10hrs +) we had to wait in long queue to get booked in but once we got to our room we were happy all clean with flowers and full fridge etc we did not go out that night as children were tired so all just fell asleep ready for next day.on the next day we walked round to were the breakfast buffet was supposed to be to find out that they had closed that restaurant and moved it to a smaller one. food there was very nice cereal and toast for kids as well as muffins, pancakes, waffles, bacon etc etc very big choice. however when we settled down for our welcome meeting we found out that 4 of the nine alacarte were closed for low season and had been for a few weeks but just no one informed us the ones that were closed just happened to be the main ones we liked (mexican,chinese,international ????) so we were disappointed but thought thats one of those things and went off to the pool.there are two sections to the hotel the caribe side where we were staying and the tropical side both are supposed to have bars and shows and pools the caribe pool was brilliant as i have walking difficultys and was just recovering from a operation it was perfect because it meant i did not have to get the train (which is very bumpy and falling apart) and only had to walk about five minutes to it. however on the 4th day there we went for lunch and came back to the pool to find the childrens pool taped off and within a hour of being in the bigger section the water level was going down then sure enough the next day the whole pool was drained and the restaurant by the pool closed no notices are warnings that it would be happening went up until 2 days after the event so as you can guess i was not happy it was now either get the train or walk for twenty minutes. they said there was plenty off space around the pool at twelve noon but it was like 36 at that time so most people were getting lunch or in there rooms cause come 2pm the pool was full and it even had scuba diving training going on next to the kids swimming (supposed to have there own pool but we never seen them use it ).quick summary of other snags we found that weren`t supposed to happen. there is suppossed to be kids menus available in the restaurants we never got one once and there is certainly no themed area for kids. there was icecream at lunch we thought it was vanilla until the kids said it tasted funny and we found out it was rum and rasin and the choclate one was alchol as well there is a kids icecream machine but it was out of service the whole wo weeks and on a night time in the buffet the food was lovely but again we could not find anything for the kids to eat other than the meat (no plain potatoes or chips and the mashed had cheese on top ) no desserts at all for them at a night time either. also like i said previously the tropical side was like a ghost town dring the day with only the little shop open until 5 (both shops are supposed to be open until 10.30 the tropical side sells alot of medicines compared to the caribe so if you get ill after 5 and need something it tough luck and even the caribe was ireglar with staying open sometimes closing at 6 instead of 10.30) then at a night it was just plain spooky no lights nothing just pitch black so i would not venture there if i were you. there is very little to do at a night the adult show does not start till 10.30 which is very late especially if you have children and have sat there through the kids show at 8.30 till 9.15 then have to keep them entertained until the other show starts we were going to be going over to the tropical side for the show there at 9.30 but that was not possible so spent most of nights back in the room by 9.30. it is still a very nice hotel i imagine in high season the hotel would be 5star with everything open but if you are going in the next couple months be prepared not to get what you paid for it only about a 3star low and mid season. the staff are wonderful and if you have a nice smile for them and say hello they will do what ever they can to help you our room was always spotless and if you need your fridge filled up just leave a little note saying what you need because they do not check the fridge incase they infringe on privacy but tip tip tip just couple of dollars when you leave the note.i have photos or if anyone wants further info you can mail me at dawso_s@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>rustyztwo
<Content>Exceeding Expectation Like many others, I was quite nervous about staying at the Melia Caribe Tropical after reading some of the negative reviews. I'm here to report my 16 year old daughter and I had a fabulous time there and heartedly recommended it to most others.Our trip was for five nights during the last week in August. Layout of the ResortThe resort is quite large with the restaurant, lobby and clubs located on one end of the resort and the main pools (2), beach and beach restaurants on the other. There is a tram that runs every 10-15 minutes in a circle around the resort if you want to avoid the less than 10 minutes walk which I equate to walking between 5th and 7th avenues in NYC.Beach and PoolI've stayed in a good number of resorts and rate the pools and beach area at this resort as the best all around. The pools are enormous with a bar in each, a platform in the pool to enjoy the sun, and a cool tub that seemed to be a place for people to chill with their drinks or kids to frolic in. The beach was lovely, with cool clean sand and tempid water. Alas, the sea is not crystal clear due to some seaweed but it's hardly a bother.RoomNice basic room, lots of outlets, air conditioning worked great, tv even had NY feed of CBS so I could watch the football game. Room had a balcony, comfortable beds, nice size bathroom with a shower with good pressure, and no disagreeable smells. The maid kept the fridge stocked with water and soda each day and I left a couple of dollars each day in appreciation (not sure that it helped but I felt it was gesture everyone should make).Food and DrinkThis was the biggest surprise of the vacation. We had great meals, drank water in the restaurants and never felt the least bit ill, and I had some mixed drinks as well. The reservation system is inconvenient but now you call the night before for prime reservations. The only restaurant that was difficult to get in was the Japanese and we got a reservation there the third night. If you eat early (starting at 6pm), then you can pretty much get in any restaurant except the Japanese by calling for a reservation the same day. The front desk can also help. Gourmet restaurant -I had the surf and turf and while the steak wasn't much to talk about, the lobster was plentiful and delicious.French - Had the best dinner there, duck l'orange was well made.Japanese - think Gasho or Benihanas - but since we like those places, we liked it here. American Grill - well, you can't win them all. Avoid this one.Italian - nice dinner with primary (pasta) and secondary (meat/fish) courses. We also had lunch here the first day and enjoyed it. Got serenaded as well.Beach Restaurants - nice cafeteria, lots of fresh fruit which agreed with me, breakfast has nice selection, lunch has basics and paella which is quite good.Service - RegistrationThe one place this hotel does not live up to a 5 star rating. The staff is very friendly and tries to be helpful but they are on Caribbean time on the island and as a monolinguist, I had to be more patient than normal. Arrived at 1:30 but room was not ready until 3pm. They showed us a place to change and we went to lunch and then the beach so it wasn't a bad wait. I had trouble with the room safe and waited almost 2 hours for someone to show up .... and by then the problem rectified itself. Other than that, everything went smoothly.A few times I hailed a passing golf cart for a lift to or from the room and the staff was always cordial and was even relunctant to take a tip - but didn't fight too much. EntertainmentThey have shows each night and they are basically sophmoric in nature except their Saturday night Broadway Show which is up to cruise ship levels. They also had a party in one lounge area where the dancers from the show were dancing with the guests and a grand time was had by all (especially my daughter). She was at first disappointed at the teenagers club until she learned after a couple of days that it didn't pick up until after midnight. Best thing about the Casino is the air conditioning is the coolest in the resort. A few table games, roulette and slots that looked well managed - but I only observed this time around.GolfI brought my clubs and played at the golf course just across the road. The green fees are complimentary but they get you for $35 a round per person for the cart. The course is nice but not spectacular, three 9 hole layouts that are fair. Couple of notes: The course is not part of Melia Caribe so food and drink are not included. Also, the shuttle to the golf course from the hotel lobby runs on a hourly basis, stopping at a sister hotel. If you leave your clubs at the golf course ($5), you can walk from the resort to the golf course in about 15 minutes.MiscThey will collect $10 from you at the airport for a tourist card when you arrive - no charge leaving. Give yourself some extra time leaving, the lines were longer than expected and it took close to 90 minutes to get to the gate. Cabs were $25 each way.I did attend the vacation home presentation. Make sure you ask for the $70 credit, they sometime just offer a tee shirt. Not sure if the two hours was worth it for a free massage ... it's a time/cost decision you'll make. I did see the Royal Service area and while the cafeteria there was nicer, it was much more sedated around the pool --------------------------------------------------In closing, we had a great time RustyRustyztwo@gmail.com  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>jjoseph
<Content>Awesome vacation My husband and I went to Melia Caribe from September 9 thru September 16, 2006. We had a wonderful time. The property was beautiful and the people were great. Only a few of them speak really good english so brush up on your spanish. I recommend the Royal Service without a doubt. If you are not in RS, everything is far away (except the beach) and you have to wait for a train to get anywhere. RS is not close to the beach but is close to everything else. When you want to go to the beach, you can easily get a ride. We were in the RS master suite and it was HUGE! It was really a 1 bedroom apartment. We saw the junior suite and it was nice too, just not as roomy. RS has a seperate restaurant just for us. It is buffet, but pretty good. This is good for breakfast and lunch but I would eat at the other restaurants for dinner. The food was very good. We ate at a different restaurant every night except the French which we went to twice. The RS also has a seperate loung area where you can watch a big tv, use the internet for free and get snacks and top shelf liquor for happy hour. RS also has its own pool with a snack bar with hamburgers, hot dogs, chicken sandwiches and pretty good nachos. Some of the excursions were pretty good. The marinarium tour was real fun. The snorkling was just ok. It is just not the greatest we have ever done. The coral is not as cared for as it is in other places. My only real compliant was the coffee. YUK! it is so strong we had to drink it 1/3 coffee and 2/3 milk. Also, the resort is less than 20 minutes from the airport and it is not a bad ride. The roads are pretty good. Outside of the resort, the towns are dirty and not much to see. Over all, the trip was fantastic! Jennie Joseph, Columbia, SC jjoseph2@sc.rr.com  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sac0877
<Content>Royal Service is the way to go! My husband and I stayed in RS from Sept 9 -14, 2006. Let me start by saying that RS is the way to go. When we arrived at the hotel we were immiediately brought to the RS VIP Lounge which is air conditioned...and let me tell you that this time of year in PC you need the ac. Our check-in was a breeze, we each got a coconut bracelet to wear as our id for the RS section...everyone in the resort wears a bracelet, different colors for different things...not sure what each means..sorry. We got to our room and it was perfect! We had the Deluxe RS Suite...which was the one with the jacuzzi next to the bedroom with the bi-fold doors opening up to the bathroom, a separate living area with the sofa bed and a balcony since we were on the 3rd floor. Davis was our butler and he was fabulous. We tried out our safe and it worked perfect...as did the air conditioning and everything else. Very important that you check your safe right when you are brought to your room...we did hear of people having trouble with their safe....but typically it was fixed right away. Liliana at the check-in and out was fabulous.We learned that from Labor Day in Sept to about the 2nd week in December, half of the resort is closed....this is when they do their renovations and also when they really don't cater to the North Americans. We were told by many employees that this time of year they see more Europens and people from other countries then the good ol USA. But, there were plenty of people that spoke English, or at least tried their best. And it did help to say Hola, Gracia, and Por Favor whenever possible. Anything with a smile worked. The guys at the Lobby Caribe Bar at night were the best for this. They told us some Spanish and we told them some English...both learned alot. Oh and only 6 restaurants are open during this time..they italian, chinese, international and one other are not open....but if you are RS you can get any of the food in the Gabi as they have theme nights and they will take requests. The japanese was by far the best. Capri (seafood) was ok, but we were used to the lobster up here, not the warm water lobster they have.....as we have maine lobster here.Also learned that by the end of the year or the very beginning of next year they will be finishing some additions to the RS area. They are putting another pool behind the villas and another restaurant or two. They will be turning the Gabi into an International Restaurant still just for RS guests and then they will have an American Grill (similar to the poolside grill) and another restaurant. They are really trying to make the RS section as big as the other part.The resort is huge. I think they said something like 300 acres...and i'm not kidding when i suggest that you bring sneakers and very comfortable shoes. If you have RS and want to wear strappy sandals with heels I suggest requesting the golf cart ride to your destination in the resort, not easy walking on cobblestone type walkways in heels.We didn't do any excursions, but we heard from many couples that it really wasn't worth the money. Sicne we booked our trip with Liberty Travel our agent at the resort was Prietro...and they were fabulous. They offer a free ride to the Don Lucas Cigar factory and store...i recommend going there if you like cigars. They actually let you make one, or if you like a good cigar they will light one up for you! The gift shop there is where we got most of our souveniers...much cheaper than the hotel. And they take US money....i recommend using US money and asking for US money as your change....if you don't ask they may try to give you pesos anywhere you go.For those looking to have their wedding there. We saw two weddings and heard about 3 more for the days after we left. They do a great job from what we saw and heard. The wedding gazebo is as beautiful as you see on the internet. I'd say the only drawback is that it is right where the restaurants are so if you do it at night you might get some added noise from the dinner crowd. But don't worry they won't be in your pictures...lol. I actually had asked to put together a special dinner for my husband and I to celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary. I worked with Anne-Laure Debrix and Vanessa Melendez. Both ladies were fabulous. Even to the last minute they thought of every detail. Originally it was to be on the beach but because it was so hot and humid i asked if we could move it indoors....i almost preferred that once i saw what they had done. Beautiful!Which brings me to the weather. Do not, i repeat, do not try to look for upcoming weather on the internet, anywhere....not even weather underground. Everything i had read before we left was wrong. We got there and it was as hot as it was humid..that was the only drawback. The weather sites on the internet always said chance of rain and i could see why. However, we had only one day that it actually rained...we got a little thunderstorm and it happened around lunch time. By the time we went into the Gabi for lunch, ate and came out, the storm had passed....very quick. There was one other day that dark clouds rolled in but nothing came of it and again it was around lunch time. The nights were drier but still sticky. But my husband and I love to have air conditioning so our hot and humid might be your comfortable depending on what you're used to at home.In the RS lounge, they do have hors d'ouvers and at night a self service bar...nothing fancy but if you prefer to make your own drink that is the way to go. In the RS VIP Lounge there are two computers that have internet access...i was able to check my comcast e-mail and go on Pogo everyday. However, they do suggest that you limit it to 20 minutes per person....but if no one is waiting you can stay as long as you like. They also have dominos and a chess set there if you like to play and relax. The RS lounge is right next to the main Caribe lobby and where the train goes and the restaurants....if you prefer to walk. Also, may i recommend the shortcut from your villa through the pool to the RS Lounge instead of walking all the way around....unless you are in the first villa...we were in 50,...the last one open this season...the others are closed during the slow time.Our check-out was simple. We knew what time our transfer was pickign us up for the airport so we checked out an hour before just to be on the safe side. Our butler picked us up with our luggage and he brough us to the RS lounge and our luggage out front. At check out we filled out a survey and that was it. We owed nothing. Oh i had made one collect call and was not charged a connection fee...not sure what my parents will pay on their end though. ATT calling cards do not work...800 numbers do not work. Verizon cell phones do work....and that seemed to be the majority of what was used by the residents and tourists.Airport - if you fly into Punta Cana - this is an interesting experience as most of the people you first see do not speak english. When you get off the plane look for a sign that directs you to where your airline goes...then you wait in line to have your picture taken with two ladies dressed in the cultural garb. From there go straight to get your tourist card...$10 per person...then you go straight and hand in the paperwork you filled out on the plane and the tourist card. Now here's what we found out....you can buy the picture when you are leaving for $7....you pass right by them when you come back to the airport for your departure. Also, there is a $20 per person leaving fee....but certain airlines included that in their price...Spirit, US Airways, and others....Prietro told us about that...oh and Prietro is for Liberty Travel and Gogo...not sure if it does others. Once we handed in all our papers we went to baggage claim...easy enough...then you go around the corner to find your transfer and find chaos. There are a million people offering to help you with your bags. If you can spare $5 do it....they brought us right to Prietro and right to the van that took us to the hotel....if we had not done that i don't think we ever would have found they van....the vans are all lined up along the back of the airport and only labeled with numbers...it was very confusing so it was easier to be guided...and we tipped the guy $5 for helping us.Money - keep US money...do not convert to pesos. Right now it was like 32 pesos to one US dollar. Tip a dollar here and there and they love it. My husband was making chinese stars out of dollar bills for the tips for the bar tenders and they loved it. A dollar goes a long way. We also tipped our maid...left a small gift, candy and $5 everyday...with a note saying thank you for doing a great job and could we please have extra towels and stuff in our fridge. It was only the first day that we didnt' get the extras right away....but she came around 3pm with the requested items. And then every day after that our room was cleaned and restocked by the time we came back after lunch.All in all this was a great trip. We loved the resort. Loved the staff...and loved Royal Service!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cherieariel
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised! - Sept. 9, 2006 Before going on our trip, I was very concerned based on the reviews. I must say I was pleasantly surpised. We had an amazing time! There was a small hiccup at check-in but it was quickly resolved and we were in our rooms and at the pool in no time.What I've realized is that you may have to travel during off season. We went the 1st week of Sept. and there was a nice crowd of people. Not too crowded...just perfect.The food I probably will agree needs to be addressed. But overall we thought the food at the a la carte restaurants were very good. Selection was awesome. The fine dining restaurants probably need some help. It wasn't terrible, but was OK. However, the staff at each of the restaurants was incredible and very accomodating. No they all didn't speak fluent English, but HELLO we are not in America. Most of them spoke and understood enough to ensure your experience was pleasurable. Actually we were impressed that a lot of the staff spoke Eng., French, German and Spanish. I'm still marveling at that.The rooms were clean and maid service was prompt. We requested extra pillows and batteries for the remote. Both were delivered to our room within about 10 min. The property was beautiful! Just lush and immaculate. The staff again was extremely attentive and helpful. We were walking to the train stop, a staffer on another project stopped and asked us if we'd like a ride to our destination. He certainly didn't have to, but the gesture was amazing and greatly appreciated. It meant even more because I was 5 months pregnant and we could have just waited for the train it would have been fine.So...that's it! Please take the negative comments with a grain of salt. I'm glad I didn't listen to them and cancel my trip. My husband right now is telling his mother about the vacation we had. Also great for families with childen!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andy_Coyne
<Content>Wow Arrived on the 30th of August until the 13th of September. I didnt want to come home! On arrival we ugraded to Royal Service. Yes its expensive but you do get what your pay for - a beutifull suite plasma screen TVs twin Jaccuzzi bath, private pool, beach ,bar and restaurant.The resort is beutifully kept with well tended lawns and gardens throughout very pictureaque. The food was first class and I was never dissapointed with any meal. favourite resaurants bein the Capri for seafood and the Dominican. The Gabi club (Royal Service) was as good as any restaurant I have eaten in any where in the world. Nothing is too much trouble and you are smothered with service. The service in all the restaurants is first class.Some people have complained in their reviews aboot poor english and yes it can be a problem but the dominicans are eagr learners and if you try they will teach you a little spanish in trade for a little english - all part of the experience.Whilst all our childeren are grown up the kids club looked tremendous and caters right down to 3 year olds fr most of the day so if you want you can have relaxing time knowing the children are well looked after. All in all oneof the very best hoildays we have had!!!!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gareth2E
<Content>The Truth! Myself and my girlfriend arrived home today from the melia caribe with very mixed opinions of the resortwe went to the grand bahia principe last year and read bad reviews but rated it 5/5 because thats how we saw it. different people will have different experiences but this is ours and what many others we spoke to experiencedfirstly il start with the GOOD points1. friendly staff who cant always speak english well but try. we rarely had problems with the language barrier.2. rooms were reasonably large, clean and well maintained. the maid spoke very little english but always greeted us with a smile and if we wanted anything in particular id try and point to whatever it was, bottle of 7up etc.3. the grounds were immaculate with ponds and wildlife throughout4. at the beach we found alot of activities to join in with and had a laugh with the friendly staff. we spent very little time at the pool as it was alot hotter and always busynow the BAD....basically the only bad thing was the food, however this one thing managed to ruin our holidayi have travelled to the dominican republic 4 times now and the food here was 10 times worse than anything else id previously experienced.95% of the food was luke warm at best, even in the a la carte restaurants.we would literally finish our starter, it would be taken over one shoulder as the main course was placed in front of us over the other.it was obvious that they had been waiting for us to finish, with the food sitting there and by the time we received it it was cold and disgusting!i am not one to spit my food out but during our meal in the seafood restaurant i had to 4 times. saying this tho another couple we met rated this as their best meal of the holiday. maybe a bit hit and miss? my advice would be to send anything back that does not arrive hot as it will cause you to be ill, i can guarantee that!however the japanese was excellent and we had booked to go back there had i not been bed ridden with illness!also as we arrived we were told that half of the a la carte restaurants were closed which we were not pre warned about. between myself and my girlfriend we lost 6 days of our holiday and i was confined to the room for 2 days solid. we were very careful with what we ate and never drank tap water. i am no doctor but what i had was certainly food poisoning.2 other couples that we met were also ill with one of the women not being able to eat or leave her room for 6 days, resulting with her having to spend 2 days in hospital on a drip.we lost all confidence in the food and ended up just eating crisps ($6 a bag!) and simple things cooked in front of us, fried eggs on taost etcfinally try to ensure you have correct change when buying items from the shops as they will always claim not to have change and pocket the rest! had the food of been better this review would have been a 4 or 5 but unfortunately i could not warrent any more than a 2. i will be complaining!if you have already booked then just be as careful as you can and take alot of imodium with you!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>debzharry
<Content>out of this world       melia caribe beach  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bride2bee
<Content>Got Married here and it was a blast! First let me start off by saying that I read reviews for this hotel for 7 months prior to going and I was scared!!! I got married at the Melia and booked 60 guests to attend with me, so the bad reviews made me very nervous. I am pleased to report that we all had an awesome time at the Melia and recommend it to others.  In our group of 60 about half of us stayed in Royal Service and the other half stayed in the regular section. Those who did not have RS were pleased with their service and rooms until we snuck them over to our side. The regular rooms are okay but the Royal Service is what makes this resort 5 star. I highly recommend it and the price is not that bad if you book it in advance.  Now I must be honest, I do understand some of the negative reviews. The food in the buffets were just okay (I got sick one day) and the night life was boring (It was okay for us because with so many people it was a party wherever we went). The ala carte restaurants are very good and with RS it is very easy to get a reservation anywhere! All in all the pros far out weigh the cons.....Did I mention how breathtakingly beautiful the place is!!! As for the wedding it was all that I dreamed of and more. For those of you planning a destination wedding, they do a great job. I was a little worried about Angelica (the wedding coordinator) before I got there because she was slow returning emails, but she made sure that our every need was met. The destination wedding was the best decision I made other than getting engaged... So don't worry about the negative reviews! Just pack your bags, take sunscreen and bug spary, upgrade to Royal Service, and get ready for a great vacation....You just might see me there!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Kittyboowho
<Content>First Day here... And absolutely AMAZING!!!!!!! Only a short review as its our 1st day here, Royal service that is. Please dont believe all the bad reviews that are posted, I dont see how any of them can be true anyway..... besides, its only our first day here and I had to log on and defend this Hotel!!!Staff are the most, and i mean most, friendly people I have ever met, And I have travelled alot! Plus both the food and grounds are exceptional.Will be on to post a more detailed review in two weeks time, that is if I even go home, could stay here forever!!Write again soonx  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brian12345
<Content>Loved Royal Service!!! I stayed at the Melia Caribe with my fiance for 10 days in August. We had a Master Suite in the Royal Service part of the hotel. I fully recommend Royal Service ... not sure if I would stay in the regular part of the hotel.Royal Service is just amazing! Our room was massive, with a jacuzzi and two plasma flatscreens. The buffet breakfast and lunch at the Gaby Restaurant (the Royal Service restaurant) is wonderful and MUCH better than the buffets in the main part of the hotel. The food is better and fresher, with more selection. The Royal Service pool is a giant step above the regular pool, with private huts abound and a nice little pool grill whipping up fresh food whenever you want (they even have a soft serve ice cream machine that is addicting!). You get pillow service every night where you choose the material and scent of your pillows. Royal Service has room service included, main part does not. There is also a bath butler who will draw your jaccuzi for you, with a flavor of your choice, and decorate it with flower petals. There is free internet in the Royal VIP Lounge (although it was down a few days). There are Royal Service golf carts all over the place to drive you around the hotel. One of the most convenient aspects of Royal Service is that you pretty much get whatever restaurant you want for dinner. Regular guests have to call at 7 am, and try day after day to get in the better restaurants which are always full. I never had a problem getting any restuarant (including Hokkaido, the best restaurant that is VERY tough to get a reservation at for the other guests ... we met people who had been trying all week).Some restaurants are better than others. Our favorites by far were Hokkaido (Hibachi style Japanese) and Ma Maison (French). The American Grill is horrible - everybody we spoke to agreed. Stay away! La Gondola (Italian) is not very good either. Capri (Seafood) is pretty good. La Hacienda (Mexican) was so-so. We didn't do the other restuarants because we ended up going back to Hokkaido and Ma Maison multiple times each! Everything in the Gabi is great as well.My fiance enjoyed the spa and the prices were reasonable for a resort spa. The beach is so-so. The water is a nice temperature and the sand is white, but there is quite a lot of seaweed compared to other Caribbean or South Pacific beach vacation spots. We took a fishing trip booked through the Scuba Caribe guys that was quite cheap ($80 pp). We caught a bunch of Mahi Mahi and almost reeled in a White Marlin. Sailing is free and it is fairly windy so it is fun. Tennis courts are nice and they'll give you rackets and balls. Didn't play golf but heard the course was nice, just extremely difficult to play in the heat.We thankfully avoided any bad illness or stomach problems. I had a horrible bout of stomach issues that passed in less than a day so I guess I was lucky. It wasn't pleasant and some other people definitely were sick, so its something to keep in mind. My fiance had no problems and the vast majority of the people we met were fine.Bring down LOTS of sunscreen and some medicine as they jack up the prices big time. If you need to buy stuff, go to the Tropical store ... it is a lot cheaper than the Caribe store.The shows at night are horrendous. We would just have a few drinks at one of the lobby bars after dinner, maybe go to the casino, then call it an early night and wake up early for the next beautiful day!So all in all, we really liked the hotel. The grounds are beautiful and it is very relaxing. But we would hesitate to stay in the main part of the hotel because of the difficulty getting in the good restaurants, the pool is loud and crowded, the buffets are not that good and the staff's English is much worse (although still not great in Royal Service).Hope this is helpful!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>hashksjdh
<Content>Stay Away I can't say enough bad things about this resort. They treat Americans like 2nd class citizens, no one at the resort speaks enough English to help you. Were told they offer classes on Thursday mornings to learn English - but no employees ever show up for the 2 hr. lesson. I noticed that anyone looking to sell you anything (jewlery/time shares, etc) conveniently speak English.Because of the language barrierm, we had problems ordering drinks, (they would just walk away from you) getting locked out of our rooms because they re-configured the keys - took my husband 20 minutes at the front desk to get them to understand what he was saying. Upgraded to Royal Service (what a joke) because I heard dinner reservations were impossible to get if you didn't - unless you wanted the 5PM or 10PM seating. Even with this service we weren't able to get reservations for our requested restaurants. Flies all over the food bars - absolutely disgusting. Was told with the Royal Service we would have a butler at our service - called 3 times but was hung up on because they didn't speak English  couldn't understand us. Told the maid to please not come to clean the rooms at 4PM because that was the time we were showering, etc. She must have thought we said don't clean the rooms at all because we didn't see her for the next 2 days.The lobby gift shop tried to rip us off - told my husband $50 for a sweatshirt - told me $56 for the exact one - when questioned them, they said it was just an error. My both daughters saw the cashier puttig some money into the register  some into their pocksts, Went to Royal Service rep to complain (who once again - couldn't understand me because I didn't speak Spanish - very convenient) Later found out the sweatshirt was really $44 American dollars. Tried to saw they have no control over the gift shop - even thought it's in their lobby.Three out of 4 of us got sick - I ended up in the hospital severely dehydrated - we were extremely careful only to drink bottled water, including brushing our teeth with it - ate no uncooked food, but was told by the doctor at the hospital that this certain parasite is rampant in pool water. So I basically paid $6,000 to get sick  be treated horribly!!!!On my travel agent's advice, I wrote to the Melia management to complain - and surprise, surprise, they responded in Spanish, so I have no clue what they said.I feel you have no business advertising your resort to Americans, unless you specify that speaking Spanish is a must at this resort.My travel agent suggested my staying at Secrets instead - I only wish I had listened to her.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ElGuapoVIajero
<Content>An Amazing Time!       Royal Service Room  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>TravlerANJ
<Content>WORST Hotel Ever!! Bad, bad, bad...sooooo bad...too much to write...soooooo bad...Place is huge, hot, and the service was, well there was no service...if you are American they laugh at you and lie. Do not go here! You will get sick from the food too!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>stacycasey
<Content>Two Sided Review I stayed at the Melia the week of August 19-26th and got to see both sides of the hotel. I traveled by myself for the first three days, staying at Royal Service. My trip was booked through Orbitz, which I had no problems what-so-ever. My friends, who joined me on Monday were NOT RS, booked their trip through Orbitz and had a problem with the booking, which after two phone calls, was resolved.For a really detailed day by day blow...check the Punta Cana forum.My experience was excellent. I wasn't sure as I was traveling alone, but I had such a nice week. The staff was over accomodating to me, fussing over me at every turn. The butler was great and even bought me a bottle of champagne upon my request. He worked different hours every two days so I didn't always have the same person, but that was okay. My safe did not work when I arrived, but I would not let the butler go until other people came to fix it, and fix it they did. It took almost half an hour, but I wasn't going to leave the room until it was done. My friends, on the other hand, their safe didn't get fixed for two days. Luckily we had mine so it wasn't any big deal for them. My friends also had a problem with their room when they arrived (no electricity and a king sized bed when they wanted a double), but they stayed calm and within the hour they were moved to another room. I have to say I kind of knew about the safe issue from other posts here so that's why I was so insistent about them fixing mine. My friends' save was fixed and they were not charged for their first two days without it.The beach was great. Yes, you need to put your towel there early, and the pool was very crowded. I saw people there as early as 7AM with the towel bit. Since I didn't spend much time at the pool, that didn't concern me as much and I was using the chairs IN the pool as opposed to using the covered lounges anyway. I always had service at the beach and I met so many people there. The restaurants weren't the best, but you have to remember you ar in a foreign country. My favorite was the Gabi, the RS restaurant. I felt safe and comfortable there eating alone four of the nights there. The wait staff was all over me doing whatever I needed and not making me feel rushed at all. I ordered lobster off the menu and the other food was just as good. I ate most of my lunches and breakfasts there. We also at at the Japanese restaurant (not my favorite but I don't like that type of food), Ma Maison, Capri (which I really liked) and La Gondola which I didn't like because I don't like Italian food but my friends did.We all went snorkling off the beach (27.00), I played tennis with the pro and even took a lesson, and I used the spa and work out room. I walked every day (a great way to learn the grounds) along the beach and around the resort. I even did the time share bit to get out of the sun and got my 70.00 in spa money. I was there to rest and be pampered and indeed I was. The maids and butlers were wonderful, the RS service best, we never had a problem with reservations since I made them through the RS office, but my friend picked up the phone at the pool at 2:00 and got reservations for herself one night.Was our experience special? Yes. Would I go back? Yes if I wanted to show off the place to someone who hadn't been there and I wanted immediate relaxation since I now know the ropes. I love to travel so I might go to another island just to check out something different. I would NOT go here if you are a twenty-something looking for a party or to meet others. This is a family resort...the week I was there MANY families were around. I also met a lovely older lady who was there by herself and she just plopped herself at the pool all week and said it was one of the best vacations she had ever had (again RS)Go for the relaxation; go without too many expectations, and just enjoy the experience of meeting new people and having a nice time. Again...a day by day blow on the forum if you are interested.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Marie.Bagnall
<Content>Some good and some bad We spent a week at this hotel mid august. Quick summary of the good and bad is as follows. Good Points1) Pool area was large, could always get a sunbed and swim up bar was good.2) Beach was good. Nice white sand, lot's of activities and right next to the hotel.3) Buffet restaurant and Japanese restaurant were good.4) Casino was funBad Points1) Rooms were not well cleaned and maid service was really poor. We had the same smears on the mirrors on the 1st day as we had on the last.2) The patio doors were ripped out of the wall when the cleaners were changing the table and chairs on the balcony. No attempt was made to correct it and the room was left unsecured.3) Vast array of restaurants but most were disappointing. Avoid the Chinese and French at all costs. Often found the reservations line busy and once you had got through times were either 6pm or after 9pm.4) Nightly entertainment was poor.5) More like a good 3 star rather than a 5 star  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	3	2	3	3	4	

<Author>angiev531
<Content>Camera  I was there the week of July 4th.The grounds to the hotel were beautiful and only the a la carte restaurants were tolerable. Everything else was mediocre at best. More importantly they are staffed by thieves, they watch you and wait for the right time to steel, and as mentioned in another review it seems like the security staff is in on it. In my case they said it was the guest at the hotel that were the thieves. Yeah right!!! and of course nothing has been done. They stole my $500 camera and since the safe in my room did not work... conveniently... my husband hid his wallet at the bottom of one of our very packed up drawers. There was $300 dollars in the wallet when we went to the pool, when we returned there was only $ 100 they also did nothing about this. I lost every single memory I had of a $5,000 dollar vacation (mostly of my kids)I am still not sure what hurt more the camera or the pictures. I have no intention of ever going back to Punta or anywhere in the Dominican Republic and the sad thing is that I was born there.I did not think I would give this type of review but if you are going here go to the Bahia Principe or any other high end chain that is not Melia.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Aaloo
<Content>Really Dissapointed I stayed in the Melia Caribe Tropica with my family for a ten day vacation and was thoroughly disappointed with the service we received. Although the resort was really nice and we were impressed with the complementary train service that was provided in the heat, we were faced with a number of different problems. Firstly, we found that the staff at the hotel could not speak in English, although we tried our level best to speak to them in Spanish there was a definite communication problem; we also found them to be laid back and unwilling to help. Secondly, the housekeeping service was very poor. We were not provided with clean towels when requested, our rooms were not cleaned properly and we would find large cockroaches wandering around. We also had problems with the restaurant reservations, in order to secure reservations we had to wake up as early as 6am and sometime when we arrived at the restaurants we would be told that the reservations could not be found. Additionally, the food was very salty, being vegetarians we were also limited with our food choices and there was also only a limited choice of wines and beer. I found that the bar staff would serve alcoholic drinks to anyone regardless of their age without checking for Identification.The vacation was supposed to be a treat for my family and I before my daughters left for college, we booked via Orbitz and were expecting a good time in a four star hotel, but unfortunately we came back very disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>tqu1800
<Content>Great Beach, Resort was pretty Flew to Punta Cana Aug 10-13, 2006. Had a great time. The beach was beautiful. The resort is huge. We took the trolley around. The average wait time for us was about 15-20 min. The drinks were great. The food was mediocore. The meats did not taste like what we were used to. All inclusive was very convient. The room was nice and clean. AC worked great. Had to ask for towels each day. I did bring small gifts and left tips. It did work at the bars, but not in the room. Still had to ask for towels each day. The nightly shows were a joke. They lip synced the words. We decide to skip the rest of the nights. Casino small. Won a little bit. We would definitely go again, but I would stay at another resort.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luctoronto
<Content>a terrible experience The worst nightmare I 've ever lived. My wife got a severe food poison for which we've spent 3 nights in a hospital in punta cana. You'll probably say was just our bad luck but then why the hospital was full with ppl with the same problem and most of them from the same resort(melia caribe tropical)?Service is bad too and very few exceptions didn't change the overall impression. At the end a group of ppl from th hospital we've decided to send a formal letter through a lawyer to general manager of the Melia Caribe /Tropical.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	2	3	1	

<Author>cheekychappie
<Content>Treatd like Royalty in the RS section       Dressed Lobster at the Gabi - Yummy!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>raesue
<Content>Very relaxing vacation My husband and I went to Melia Caribe Tropical for our 1st anniversary. We did not do Royal Service, and I do not regret that. There were pros and cons to this vacation...I will start with cons.....1. We REALLY did not like the food. The best meal of the day was, to us, breakfast. We went to the buffet by the Caribe pool. The pancakes and waffles were the best, and we loved the fresh squeezed OJ. Other than that we were really dissapointed by the food. We ate at almost all of the specialty restaurants. The only ones we didn't were the International and French. We liked the Mexican and Dominican places best, but not once did we eat even 1/2 of our meal. It is an all-inclusive, so we kept that in mind but we found the food VERY salty and old (like it had been cooked a couple of days ago and then reheated).2. There isn't much to do - especially at night. This wasn't a major problem for us, but if you like to be active at night, keep this in mind.Now for the pros....1. The pool is AWESOME! We never had any problems finding a chair. We usually went out around 9-10ish and could still get one under a shade hut. We're not beach people so I don't know how the beach chairs were (I think we stepped on the beach once during the week we were there) but the pool was great.2. The drinks were good. I was worried b/c I had read reports that they were watered down. I didn't think so. The don't use a ton of alcohol to make them (which is fine b/c I saw one girl getting sick by the pool b/c of drinking - fine if you're on spring break, but this isn't the atmosphere there) but they are tasty nonetheless.Those were the major pros and cons I could see. Remember, this is a different country. MH and I saw one woman being so rude to a worker b/c he didn't speak English...we couldn't believe it. English is definately not the 1st language there but I am horrible with my Spanish and if you just try the employees there are great! We had a great time relaxing by the pool, we never had a problem getting dinner reservations (though we usually at around 9-10 at night), and would reccomend this place to someone who is looking to lounge around all week, and isn't too concerned with the food.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bela47911
<Content>Too Many Negatives For A 5 Star Resort For a 5 star resort there are too many negatives. We have stayed at many all-inclusive resorts that are 4-5 star and we have never seen a resort that had so many areas of improvement to do. This should not be a 5 star resort!Now don't get me wrong, my huband, my 3.5 year old daughter and I had a great time because we tried to ignore all these negatives but when you are there for 2 weeks, it will keep bugging you. Towards the end of our 2 weeks we wanted to go home and we have never felt like that on any vacations before and we will not go back to the Dominican Republic (this was our second time in DR).The part that is lacking the most is SERVICE and FRIENDLINESS. Our maid was very nice and always smiling but she couldn't speak or understand any English and the service was terrible. Our room was usually cleaned after 5pm and we didn't get towels until after 7pm sometimes......what happens when you have dinner reservations at 6pm?????We had to wait one hour to check-in because srevice is soo slow and then I was told my room wasn't ready....it was 5pm when we check-in. I was told it would be ready in 20 minutes but it took 2 hours....ridiculous.....plus the room I received was not the room I requested. I had even emailed the resort and I was told I would get what I wanted. I did get a new room the following day but again it was like a 2 hour ordeal.....and the staff is not friendly at all. The front desk staff is rude and I don't think they know how to smile.Now the bartenders were sooo nice on the Tropical side at the pool, get all your drinks there. And about 50% of the wait staff was also nice but the other 50% forget it. We learned who were the good ones and sat at their areas and we would even get drinks without requesting it b/c they learned what our norm was. I think it helped that we tipped them.The rooms were nice but there are alot of little bugs that is just disgusting...a 5 star resort should not have so many bugs in the rooms. Also our mini bar was never re-stocked and for a resort where you can't even use the tap water to brush your teeth, they should be re-stocking the mini bar with atleast water for you everyday.The resort is very big and the landscape is beautiful but since it is so big there are trains that take you from here to there but they are not on a schedule like they say and at times they are full and you have to wait for another one....who wants to spend their vacation waiting for a train just to get to the restaurant? Also if you stay in one of the villas that is near the lobby, you have atleast a 10 minute walk to the pool and beach and when it is really hot it will feel like forever....so you take the train....who wants to wait for a train to get to the pool or beach? We were lucky b/c our friends were there last year and told us to request certain villa numbers so that we would be close to the pool and beach.....make sure you know the villa numbers and request.The beach is nice but too much seaweed for my liking and my dd liking. They say they clean it but it isn't enough.The reservations for the a la carte restaurants is a joke. Our first week we had to get up at 7am (who wants to get up at 7am when they are on vacations) so that you can make a reservation for the next day. If you call by 8am all the good restaurants are booked and all the good times....so if you want to eat dinner at 10pm you can sleep in. Then our second week we got up at 7am one morning, we called and we were told that they had changed the policy. NO notice what so ever. So we woke up at 7am for no reason. The policy is now you call at 9pm for the next day. A terrible system.The food was usually better at the a la carte restaurants but the service wasn't always better. You really need to stay away from a lot of the food. We didn't get sick b/c we really watched what we ate. We tried to stay away from the food that just sat there and we ate the food that was made in from of us...like the omeletes, the pasta station, the grill, etc. But overall the food is not good, very similar to Cuba's food.Stay away from the gift shop. Overpriced...wow! Go to the huts on the beach and bargain, you'll get it about 50% cheaper than the gift shop....or wait for the airport, there are some nice shops there and their prices are cheaper than the gift shop believe it or not.The kids show at night is interactive but always the same and the kids go on stage and dance and then play a game but the people running it speak very little and broken English so my dd didn't understand what they were saying when they were giving out the instructions....so she was out right away. Even the kids club, our dd never went but I noticed that they speak mainly Spanish.....what if the kids doesn't speak Spanish.The other negative is that the majority of the tourists there are Spanish and they seem to get better service....I witnessed a couple getting into a restaurant without having reservations b/c they were speaking to guy in Spanish (I understand some Spanish)...that is not fair. We have never encountered this before. Now Sol Melia has timeshares and we were harrassed every day, several times a day by the vacation club employees to go see a 90 minute tour/speech about their timeshares. They could not understand why I didn't want $70US to use at their spa...that was the gift you get if you go see the timeshares. What do I want that for. I spend $6000 on a trip, what is $70 to use at their spa! We really had to be rude to them b/c they would not give in and kept asking us. Try to stay away from these guys. What else can I say........if you don't sweat the small stuff you'll have a great trip, like we did BUT things can get on your nerves at times. Again this is not a 5 star resort!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amiguita
<Content>Wonderful vacation! We booked this trip several months ago, and we were very excited, but I started to get worried when I read negative review as we got closer to going. I was worried for nothing because this is a wonderful hotel! First, you need to realize where you are going. The Dominican Republic is a very poor country, and they do things differently than we do here. They also speak Spanish. That being said, the resort is beautiful, and the workers at the resort know enough English to get you what you need. I speak Spanish, and this definately helped. My husband doesn't speak the language, but was fine.At the last minute we upgraded to the Servicio Real, which I recommend if you can afford it. If not, I think you can still have a great experience. (We had friends who were there that didn't do the Servicio Real, and their only complaint was the whole dinner reservation thing)The food was pretty good, but nothing fantastic. The Japonese place was our favorite, but the Dominican and the Italian were pretty good too.It rained a little bit, but it was fine because it is so warm you can just stay out in it and you are fine. One day we stayed in the ocean during a downpour because we figured we may as well. It was fun.The resort is huge, and we walked everywhere. There were plenty of trains, etc... for those who didn't want to walk.In all, I would recommend this place to just about everyone except the elderly (The place is very big, and you may have to walk a lot), and anyone who is very picky about food. (If you don't like trying new foods, etc..)  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>debmj1
<Content>An honest review of the Melia Caribe Well, for all of you out there questioning your decision as to whether to go to the Melia Caribe, I鈥檇 like to offer you an honest, albeit lengthy assessment.We just returned from a week at the Melia Caribe. There were 6 of us 鈥?my husband and I, our 17-year-old son and his friend, and our 15-year-old daughter and her friend. By the time we left, the kids were devastated that we were leaving and were making plans for another trip next year.Let me begin by saying that about a week before we left, I started reading reviews on TA and was totally freaked out by what we read. When you spend almost $7K on a vacation, you don鈥檛 want to end up in a horrible rat hole, and I had myself almost convinced that鈥檚 what was happening. Don鈥檛 get me wrong; there are many things that could be improved upon. However, the positives so far outweigh the negatives. So, let鈥檚 start with the negatives. 1)The rooms aren鈥檛 nearly as pristine as I would have liked. In fact, I found our housekeeping staff to be somewhat lacking. We never received shampoo during our stay 鈥?lots of bath gel, yes 鈥?but no shampoo. I also never pushed the issue because I had brought our own.2)There are bugs. Wow, surprise! I hate bugs, and yes, I ended up with lots of bites, but taking bug spray along helped immensely. You just had to remember to use it.3)There is seaweed, sometimes lots of it. Who do you want to complain to about that? Neptune? Because honestly, what鈥檚 the resort going to do about it? They do the best they can, but ocean conditions determine the amount of seaweed you鈥檒l run into. If you don鈥檛 want to deal with it, don鈥檛 stay on the Eastern side of the island.4)I considered there to be a true lack of entertainment unless you were a casino-goer or you were willing to watch the 1-hour entertainment show each night. We had one night of a true 鈥渄ance club鈥?atmosphere during a party outside the Mexican restaurant (I think it was a Friday and I believe it鈥檚 done weekly), and it was a blast! But, I needed more than that. The Fun Pub is definitely geared more toward teens and young adults and that wasn鈥檛 an option for us, especially because our kids were parked there and would have been mortified had we shown up to dance.5)The food isn鈥檛 awesome unless you head to the specialty restaurants. Some are fantastic 鈥?more later.6)The biggest concern that I had was our room arrangements. I had spoken repeatedly with our travel agent, and also emailed the resort in advance, explaining that I wanted the rooms together (the girls had a room, the boys had a room and we had a room). When we got there, they knew nothing about it, and put us in villa 44 and the kids in rooms 2 villas away. We definitely weren鈥檛 comfortable having them so far away, especially having just arrived and not understanding security at the resort. I pushed the issue and they did finally move us to an adjoining villa which afforded us a birds-eye view of the kids鈥?front doors. I鈥檓 glad they worked with us, but the discussion never should have had to happen. The rooms should have been assigned prior to our arrival.Sound like a lot of negatives? Not really, especially when dealing with such an impoverished island. Now for the positives.1)The resort is gorgeous! All public areas are beautifully maintained and we felt safe at all times. 2)Whoever said they water down the drinks has to be kidding. We never had a watered-down drink and had our choice of decent liquors. Most of the bars offered Tangueray gin, and Stoli and/or Absolut vodka and all the bartenders made great drinks. Oh, the margaritas were awful, but I鈥檓 spoiled with really good margaritas at home. I pretty much stuck to mojitos and caipirinhas. El Presidente is decent beer (kind of like a Labatts Blue), but I will admit that it would be nice if they鈥檇 offer another choice in case your tastes run toward more of a stout beer.3)The staff is wonderful. Most of them speak English or do their best, and if they don鈥檛, they鈥檒l find someone for you who can help. Rafael in reception on the Caribe side, Eduardo at the Hokkaido, and Amauris at the bar on the Caribe side are three who really went the extra distance.4)You do not have to tip unless you want to. We tipped our housekeeper one day and found that her service was actually diminished that day so we didn鈥檛 do it again. We gave Eduardo $5 after our second time at Hokkaido because he had done such a marvelous job for us. I think we tipped Amauris a total of $7 over the week 鈥?a $5 about halfway through and then a little more right before we left. After the $5, the second I got to the bar at any time he was there, I had a drink in my hand immediately. However, our service never suffered for not tipping anyone.5)The breakfast and lunch buffets were plentiful and quite good. Atabales for the dinner buffet is simply adequate. Only go there as a last resort. We were able to make reservations at Hokkaido twice (it鈥檚 extremely difficult to get in), and it was fantastic 鈥?a 10. Le Gourmet was fantastic as well 鈥?the Chauteaubriand was awesome 鈥?another 10. Le Gondola was quite good; I鈥檇 give it a 7 or 8. We really looked forward to Capri, but didn鈥檛 enjoy it nearly as much as we could have 鈥?probably a 5. The American Grill was good, especially for picky kids. I鈥檇 give that a 6 or 7. Those were the specialties we ate in. If you don鈥檛 stay in RS, and we didn鈥檛, reservations can be challenging, especially for Hokkaido. They鈥檝e changed the reservation system and you can now call, beginning at 9 p.m. for reservations the following evening. It鈥檚 a mad dash at that time, but stick with it. You鈥檒l get busy signals but just keep dialing. 6)There are so many lounge chairs on the beach and by the pools that we never had to worry about finding a place to sit. That was such a nice change from most resorts!The RS pool and public areas were gorgeous and yes, it would have been nice to have the concierge service so we didn鈥檛 have to deal with reservations. Worth an extra $1000 for the 6 of us to stay in RS? No way. Walking wasn鈥檛 that big a deal for us, so we didn鈥檛 need the transportation service. The kids would have been bored at that pool too 鈥?they preferred the beach and big pool so they could socialize. When we go back, I may do RS for just my husband and me and let the kids stay in the regular rooms, especially now that we all know our way around.I know there鈥檚 a lot more that I could say, but I鈥檝e already written a ton. I鈥檇 be happy to answer any questions if you want to drop me an email at officealternatives@yahoo.com. The best advice I can offer is to read up a little beforehand so you know what to expect, and then when you get there 鈥?RELAX and HAVE FUN. We did and had a great time.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>jose501
<Content>loved the location We just returned from Melia Caribe Tropical I was there for my son 21st Birthday we had a ball we stayed on the Caribe side we had section 24 rooms 2405, 2406 right by the Caribe side pool and beach ask for section 24 and say hello to Maria Rodrigues the maid she was very sweet and Jose ant the pool bar was great making passion Colada Rafael in the front desk was very helpfull i read bad reviews but i can't say anything bad about it we had a great time we were there from August 5th till August 9th 2006 but we like it so much that we stay one extra day we left on the 10th the japanis restuatrant was great also the dominican resturant was great don't get scared by the bad reviews i did at 1st but we went anyway and had a blass  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mayday20
<Content>GREAT VACATION We stayed at the Melia Caribe July 9-16. We had a great time. The grounds are beautiful and the rooms were very clean. The staff was more than accomodating. The food wasn't great but, we managed. We came to relax and did just that! Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>milli26
<Content>First off, we loved the resort! Yes, we loved the resort, and we just got back friday aug. 4th. We enjoyed the beauty of the hotel, all marble in your rooms, bathrooms are very nice, and so are the all the pools. The one thing that made our vacation so terrbile was the food!! The buffets we awful, flys and birds all over the food, the meat looked like dog food, and nothing tasted right at all. First I will admit the 4 other peolple we were with and my husband and I included are picky eaters, but not that picky. I tried things I have never tried in other countries that we have been too, and got sick. All 6 of us were sick everytime we ate. EXCEPT for the Japense place! this was teh besst resuratn out of the 12 we had there. If you can finally get a resevervation, go there every night!!! Everythingis made right in front of you and you know what it is and how they make it. other than they food, they place was great. hope to hear others feedback as well on the food.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jimmy_the_Greek
<Content>Melia Caribe Nice beaches... Friendly Staff but only a handful speak English.... The majority of the people at the hotel were Spanish speaking.... Food is average and gets boring after a few days.... Take care what you eat and drink, as 4 out 6 people in my party were makinig numerous trips to bathroom... Place is hugh so there's plenty of walking to do... Restaurants revservations were tough to get as I had to sit for dinner at 10 pm or 6 pm every night.... Rooms and grounds were clean, but we had problems with utilities... Shower was broken .... AC was weak.... Taxis fares from Punta Cana airport to resort ran from $25 to $30.... Give yourself plenty of time when you leave.... The airport can provide a challenge... Upper Hotel management was terrible.... Should you have any changes to your travel plans while in Punta Cana, Beware....... My airline cancelled my flight and I had to make adjustments.... Management will not do the right thing when a serious problem is presented... My recommendation..... There are nicer places... So pay the few extra dollars and find a different island.... you may be averting a nightmare and you will enjoy yourself a whole lot more.... I will never go back to the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>republicadominicana
<Content>Melia, not what it's cracked up to be... My best friend and I took a 5 night trip to Punta Cana. We were originally supposed to stay in the Riu Bambu and ended up getting sent to the Melia due to overbooking. At the Melia we waited in line for almost 2 hours just to find out our room was not going to be ready for another 2 hours. Once we got to the room we noticed that we had one king bed to share. I went to the lobby and advised them we needed 2 queen beds and they could not understand me. I then went to my Apple representative who was a complete pig and stated he wanted to take us off the resort grounds to Santo Domingo...YUCK! The drinks there were in fact too sweet and you could never find your apple representative when you needed something. The restaurants all serve the same thing and there was an object called  beef meat whatever that means... We drank bottled water the whole time and even brushed our teeth with it as well but were still violently ill for 2 weeks after we returned. I would return to the Melia for another vacation but I would be more weary of what I encountered while I was there in February.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trishjoe
<Content>Very Nice Resort -- Recommend Royal Service However My husband  I stayed at the Resort from July 27 - July 31. I was relieved to have booked the Royal Service after reading the reviews on this site because it was worth every penny. Therefore, if you want to stay in Punta Cana I would recommend this place with the Royal Service. Food: We love traveling and usually like all inclusive places just for the convenience of knowing how much you are going to spend. Most of the time all inclusive means don't expect the greatest tasting food. However, at this resort the food was top notch. Again, because we had royal service we just had to call the service desk that morning and ask them for a certain restaurant. We always got our first pick. I highly recommend the Dominican restaurant. We also ate at the Italian and Mexican. Both were good. However, I do recommend be intelligent with your orders -- don't ask for rare steak or eat raw seafood. My husband ate on our last night a seafood salad which he thought may have had sushi (or otherwise was just not thoroughly cooked) and he has since been dealing with an upset stomach. Again, please be generous and tip these workers -- $1 or $2 is enough for them to treat you like kings. We did eat at the private restaurant on the first night -- it also was not bad although I do recommend you try the other restaurants. The poolside restaurant on the royal service side was excellent for lunch.Royal Service: Like I said, well worth the money. You get express check in where they do everything in their power to relax you after your flight. You get your own pool, restaurant, bar, and part of the beach with a beach bar (apparently the other part of the resort did not have people waiting on them on the beach). We loved the room  the pillow service (try the aromatherapy). Highly recommend the butler run a bath for you. Please note though that your butler does have time off so check his schedule. We wanted him to get a bath ready for us but he had left early that night and no other butler would do it for us that night. Resort: Was gorgeous. People complained about the train but I don't understand why since there were multiple ones running. God forbid you have to wait 10 mins -- you are on vacation people so you shouldn't be in a rush anyway!! RS had there own service so you could just call which was also very nice. Language: Is a problem if you don't speak spanish but I enjoyed the many different cultures. Its sort of nice being a minority as an american and seeing other people from all over the world.Our only complaints had nothing to do with the resort but more of the island. Unfortunately it is so poor that there is NOTHING to do other than resort activities so learn to enjoy just lounging out. We also had bad weather the whole time -- cloudy  rainy -- which always stinks when you are on vacation. Also use bug spray even when you don't see them! I never once saw a mosquito or fly but got bites all over my feet. We finally figured out it was ants by the pool. All in all I would recommend this place although I probably won't go back just because I wasn't that impressed with the island and my husband and I enjoy going to a new place each vacation.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>jojo15jul
<Content>Great Hotel, Stolen Camera This is a bitter sweet review...My husband and I visited Melia Caribe 3 weeks ago for our honeymoon. We were told that check in was at 3pm. We arrived at the beautiful hotel around 12:30ish and were let into our room. We purchased a safe upon check in. When we arrived in our room our safe was not opened for us to use and thus, set the 4 digit combination. We immediately called for help to open our safe. We planned on attending the Apple Vacations briefing at 5pm. About 3ish, after waiting over an hour for service for our safe, we left the hotel room to see the beach on our way to the briefing. Because our safe was not open we planned to take EVERYTHING of value. I took my $750 Nikon CoolPix camera (with wedding photos on) out of the bag and got it ready to take. We ended up getting about 50 ft outside our room when I realized I forgot it and left it sitting on the couch in the room. My husband said we would just grab it later as we were not planning on being gone long. We came back to the room later that night and went to bed. The next morning we went to get the camera and it was gone. GONE! We went to the front desk and security came to our room. We explained what happend and they told us they would take a security reading from the lock on the room door to see who went in and out of the room in the last 24 hours. Later that night after some investigation took place we met back up with the security man. He showed us the data from the door on who came and went and it showed that two people came and left that room while we were gone. They told us the asked them about the camera and they said no. I was thinking well no ****! Of course they aren't gonig to admit it! The security man kept trying to tell us that it never happens and sometimes when people are on vacation they lose stuff! Well we had been on the island less than 4 hours - we didn't go ANYWHERE! Where would we have lost it? I know it was on that couch and for him to try and persuade me different....?! They took our statement and nothing happend! We have heard nothing! Our camera was stolen - on the first day of our honeymoon! they are so poor in this country that they probably steal like on the 3rd day of your trip when you have been places and think you just lost the missing item when you went some place....Regardless, the hotel is amazing! The best on the island. We would stay there again! We would just stay as long as it takes for them to come open our darn safe! Words of advice TAKE ONE-TIME-USE cameras!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	2	1	5	

<Author>elany
<Content>We had a great family vacation.... We stayed at the melia from July 11-18 2006 and we were a family of four...2 adults and a six year old and a 3 year old. We had a lovely time and the resort is beautiful. The resort does have some slight faults...but you have to remember that you are in a very poor country and that they depend on tourism for their livelihood. Some people at the resort were a bit lazy, but most of the employees were wonderful. The rooms were very nice and clean, I heard that Royal Service is phenomenal. The food was good, no problems at all. The beach and pool were magnificient and we had a great time with the kids at the Baby Disco every nite, because the kids could not even miss one nite. We loved our stay and we had a wonderful time. I recommend this hotel for families. My kids did use the kids club for a couple of hours and the workers there were phenomenal with my kids and do a very good job. We also had a massage at the spa which was very nice. The front desk can be very confusing but have some patience and they will help you.We loved our vacation  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>ck28
<Content>Wonderful Time!! Our recent stay at the Melia Caribe was through a Melia Vacation Club that we had purchased the last time we were there. The comments on the check in area is for vacation club.royal service members only as well as the specific location of our rooms. All of the other comments would apply to all guests at this resort. Check In - The check in for the vacation club was completed at a separate lobby than all of the other check in's at the hotel. Upon arrival from the airport we were dropped off at the lobby our luggage was unloaded and we were taken to the vacation club/royal service check in area. This is an AC room with large leather couches were they guide you through the check in process and take care of any questions. We were also able to make our reservations for the restaurants for the entire week at this time. We had an idea of where we wanted to eat so this was easy for us to do. Our rooms were not ready once we got there but they were ready around 4:00 pm.Rooms: We had 3 separate 4-person rooms, which were right next to each other in the vacation club villa number 25. This villa was located about 25 steps from the Caribe pool and pool bar. It was close to the Turey Grill and to the beach access. At first i was slightly disappointed in the quality of the rooms because of what we thought we were going to get with the vacation club. However, they are the standard size room as all of the other rooms at the resort except that there is an extra sink with cabinets and room for a microwave and dishes. The microwave and dishes were not in the room upon arrival and we did not quite see the need for any of those items. We did ask for a microwave later on in the week for 1 room because we had some popcorn with us and wanted to have it as a snack. Maid Service - Our rooms were cleaned on a timely manner except for our second night in which we had to call for cleaning, but had no other problems. We did have some slight trouble with getting towels on a few days because they clean the rooms in the morning, remove the towels but never have replacement towels. We had dinner reservations at 7:30pm every day and would return to the room between 5:30 - 6pm each day to shower and sometimes were without towels. We figured out that they would always be bringing towels to our entire villa around 6pm on the days when we didn鈥檛 get them. It wasn't a big issue once we figured out how it worked, but it could be a problem with earlier dinner reservations. A quick call to the vacation club center would probably ensure towels were there if you needed to shower earlier. This was the only room problem we had though there is a trick to the power in the room and i would recommend taking a long a travel alarm clock to ensure proper time.Travel/Train - There are 3 separate trains that run throughout the hotel. They each come down to the vacation club area and the Turey grill. The room was just outside a train stop, which was great. We did not travel to the lobby via train too much during the day only at night when we would go for dinner. With dinner reservations at 7:30 we usually left at 7 to ensure enough time to get to dinner. Occasionally the trains would not come all the way down to our stop and we had to walk about 500ft to the next stop were the trains always stopped. The train service was not always on the 15 - 20 min schedule and was difficult to predicted so we felt the 30 minutes was always ample to get to dinner and only walked a few times just for fun. Restaurants - For lunch and breakfast we split our time between the Turey and Augura Grills because we changed our position as the pools, which I will go into later. They are both outdoors and open, but had a nice breeze so it wasn鈥檛 too hot. The food was good, but nothing outstanding at both of these. Your usual breakfast fair and they had a good selection. Lunch also had a good selection of food and was always grilling steak, salmon, hamburgers, and grilled chicken freshly. The Agora grill, which is closer to the Tropical pool, had the grilled chicken and grilled salmon. The La Gondola is an enclosed buffet lunch restaurant that was AC鈥檇 for both lunch and dinner. The pasta station there was good but we only ate there on the day of our arrival and departure because we stayed at the beach most of the time. We also ate dinner at La Gondola and it wasn鈥檛 too bad, but it was later at night then our usual time because of a mix up. We had snacked at the buffet beforehand so we didn鈥檛 eat too much at dinner. On Thursday of our stay there was a mix up with our dinner reservations for the Japanese restaurant. Our rep wasn鈥檛 working that day and wasn鈥檛 able to alert us of a problem so we were bumped from dinner. This is the night we went to La Gondola but never had a reservation, we politely asked the lady if they had room and insisted we had a reservation. She was kind enough to fit us in for 9 pm that night and we slipped her $10 for her trouble and she was reluctant to take it, but we insisted that she did. We did have friends who stayed in regular rooms that slipped $10 to the person at the Mexican restaurant was promptly seated for 6 people as soon as they got there. We ate at all of the restaurants except the Dominican and found them all pretty good. The American grill was pretty cool with a nice atmosphere. The Le gourmet was outstanding with a surf and turf that was great. We found out that all of the meats they use are fresh, probably fresher than we are used to. They also do not use any hormones in their meat or chickens so that also has a different taste to it. The chicken wings were also very small because of this reason. The food overall was different, but good. Beach 鈥?The beach was beautiful as usual but had a lot of seaweed, which they tried to cleanup. The seaweed was not a distraction just annoying at times when you were in the water. We always found chairs at anytime of the day, not always under palpas, but those opened up eventually.Pool 鈥?We were closest to the Caribe pool and started our first day there. This pool is by the Turey grill. This pool and pool bar was also very very crowded for our entire stay. Once we realized this wasn鈥檛 the same pool we went to on our last visit we walked to the Tropical pool. It was surprisingly close to our room as well. We spent most of our time at the Tropical pool and were able to get 6 covered shaded chairs at ANY time of the day. This was not the case at the Caribe pool. The Tropical pool and bar was also considerably less crowded than the Caribe and enjoyed ourselves much more at the Tropical. We never had any trouble getting pool towels between 10 鈥?11 am but I do not know about the rest of the day, it didn鈥檛 look like there was any trouble. Bars 鈥?All of the bars were great and the bartenders very friendly. Drinks were perfect and not watered down. Overall we had a wonderful time. The food was what we expected since we have been here before. I would highly reccommend going to both the Le Gorumet and American Grill resturants as they were both wonderful. If anyone has any questions please feel free to email me atchris@cliftontrophy.com with Melia Caribe in the subject.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Noelani25
<Content>The Positives and Negatives of the Melia       Outside of our building #9  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>domenic
<Content>Love our vacation - relaxing family vacation We stayed with the Royal Service and loved the vacation. The rooms were beautiful, the food was excellent, nice lobby, casino, restaurants were amazing. The food;The food is excellent, if that's important you will be happy here. My favourite restaurants were the Mexican(try beef tenderloin - save the tacos for home), Capri (sea food), Japanese, American Grill. Some of these restaurants are so beautifully decorated, and the food presentation is so appetizing. The buffet for breakfast and lunch are very good as well but I recommend dinner reservations over the buffet. Stay away from the Italian restaurant. There are over 11 restaurants, so you have to choose your favourites. The Resort;If you like a place where you can walk around at night and feel safe the resort is large enough to enjoy that. If you hate walking and don't mind waiting for a train to drive you around then the size of the hotel will irritate you. I personally enjoyed the beautiful grounds. I didn't feel like I was stuck in a resort, it felt spacious and there was plenty to do. The Beach;Gorgeous, a little seaweed but warm and beautiful and clean. The Spa;Not that great. Forget pedicure, manicure and massage there. Better off doing that at home when you get back or before you go. The shows;Nothing great, entertaining but not excellent like I've seen on other resorts. We stayed two days in the regular rooms and they were nice too, before upgrading to the Royal Service. The Royal service provides you with a luxurious room with Jacuzzi and excellent private buffet (great for lunch) - beautiful pool. The Royal Service is really a is 5 star +, where the regular hotel is 4 star+( 5 star+ for the food) We always ate dinner at the restaurants, they were excellent. For the regular rooms are nice, but It is better to stay on the Caribe side of the hotel. The rooms are newer, but you can choose between the rooms be near the beach if you like to be near the beach/pool during the day and or if you prefer to be near the lobby in the evenings you should reserve a room in the front of the hotel. (Royal service is in the front) I preferred to be near the front of the hotel and taking the train to go to the beach because everything at night is happening there. When you are all dressed up you don't want to be taking a train or walking too much. Great for family vacation. I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LParry
<Content>Do Not Stress!! I waited 6 months to write this review. Just like all of you reading these reviews, I almost cancelled our vacation because of the reviews. I was soooo scared my 2 children would starve to death because the food was so terrible that I packed a suitcase full of American food. So here is the truth beyond the resort.Punta Cana airport has very little air conditioning so wear light clothes when traveling there. The workers help you along and try to keep the crowd moving. They got us through pretty fast. Once you get your luggage there is a crowd of men trying to carry your bags for a tip. If you can manage carry your own its only a short walk to get to your cab/bus. If you do need help just keep on eye on the luggage. If you take a taxi tell them to be safe. Your in no hurray because the roads are pretty crazy there. For all of you who wrote really negative reviews, I was wondering if you took the same ride from the airport to the resort. It is sooo sad. If they can create a resort like this in the middle of that, thats amazing in itself. Remeber this is a 3rd world country. They do not have all the luxuries and convienences that we do.Check In- Relax they will take care of it. If your in a big rush your in the wrong place(go to the city with the rat race). Have a drink, the bar is right there and let them get everything you need. The front desk understands English fairly well. They try very hard. Remember there are several ways to say the same thing so just try to communicate. The employees try very hard to keep the guests happy. Remember tourism is the #1 money maker.The size of the resort is not that huge. Have you had to walk through some of Disney Worlds resorts. Same thing. The train takes time but whats the big hurray. Once again it is no worse then the buses or trams at Disney. We have a 2 and 8 year old they enjoyed walking and not taking the bus because of the flowers, birds, and other sites. Unless you have some ailment the walk is wonderful. A little hot during the day so wait and take the train. At night its cool and helps digest dinner. My daughter and I even went out alone one night. There are several security guards all around. It is very safe!The excursions- We went on the 4 hour snorkeling with the sharks and sting rays. Highly Reccommend It. I thought it was too much money but my husband wanted to. It was worth every penny. The staff on the boat was great and it was a BIG party. They were nice to the kids. I had to stay on the boat w/ my 2 year old. So they put us in a little boat  took us so we could see the sharks and stingrays from the top of the water. Do this one but make sure its the one w/ the sharks  rays. Thats the best one. My husband went fishing . He had a great time. He just was disappointed that he didn't get a Marlin.The food and drink- The big one. I do not understand what all the complaining is about. If you cannot find something you like here then ... The food was great. It is different, not American, but your not in America. Some of the things had different taste, some better some not. This is not New York. They do the best they can. We loved the food and ate constantly. At lunch and breakfast it was buffet by the beach. Yes there are flies on the food once in awhile. Think of a picnic at the beach, there are flies. There are not alot. Let me remind you even in the finest restaurants, the back door is open and flies are buzzing around your food, you just don't see them. They try hard to keep the breads covered . We did not eat any lettuce, tomatoes, apples. Things that were washed in their water. We stuck to hot foods, fruits, breads. Breakfast was homemade omeletes, frech toast, bacon(the best) cereral, fruit, pancakes, rolls, eggs, ham, etc. Lunch was hamburgers, rice, pasta, chicken, eggplant, vegetables, jumbolaya, etc. As for the restaurants, lovely. We loved the Mexican, the Chinese, the Japenese, the Dominicanand the Italian(which was also great for lunch because it was air conditioned and if the flies bother you eat here). We heard the French and American were also amazing. ( I read a review about honeymooners who laid in bed sick , eating $8 Cheetos, give me a break, that is far from reality there. ) There is plenty of good stuff to eat. As for reservations its tough but in the Bahamas they make you get up a go sign up instead of calling so it could be worse. They are working on a better system. Remember there are a lot of people for only a limited number of restaurants. The drinks are amazing!! And if you like to drink this is a great place. Word to the wise many of their tropical drinks have coconut milk. Coconut Milk is a natural laxative. If you drink alot you will get the runs no matter what you eat or don't eat.The rooms- well they aren't exactly as plush as some American hotels. However they are very nice and very clean. Remember your not in American. We loved are room. We weren't in it a lot anyway. I agree with a previous review about the bed not being super comfortable. It was better then a cruise ship bed in comparison though and the rooms were much bigger then a cruise ship.Tipping- We did. These people are so nice and try so hard. Don't be to rough on them. They are trying to please alot of demanding people. There is a language barrier. However the resort is trying to have most employees bilingual. At least enough to get by. There native langusge is Spanish. You don't go to France and expect everyone to be speaking English, so don't expect it here. The people really appreciated the extra dollar or two we gave them. I brought toothpaste to hand out they loved it.As for the shopping this was the very worst part. Be careful!!!! They are very grabby and pressure you to buy. They give an extremely high price to start and then have to haggle your way to a fair price. Then you go down the street and still found it cheaper. Just be careful. Watch your kids they will use them to sell things. We wouldn't shop again if we went back.When we left the airport is very difficult. Long lines and takes about 2 hours to get through to the gate with no air. Bring bottles of water from the resort to help keep you hydrated. All you can do is be patient.We loved this resort and would go back. Your vacation is all in what you make out it. Do not stress over the negative reviews. I am a very picking person and like very nice things for me and my family. We had a wonderful vacation. As for the food I packed, I ended up leaving it all for the maid, we didn't need it or even eat any.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Krellijo
<Content>Bavaro Beach - Si!, Melia Caribe Tropical - So So! We had a great time during our stay at MCT but I've already had a couple of people ask me if I would stay there again, and I would probably try one of the other resorts. The Good - Bavaro Beach, I've gone to a lot of beaches in the Caribbean but I've never seen one that stretches on forever like Bavaro. Yes there is some grass in the water but it's nothing like Cancun. A great beach for a swim or a long walk and lots of palm trees when you need shade. The MCT grounds are beautifully landscaped and very well maintained. The pools are awesome, even during the busiest times of day it never felt crowded. Lots of shade in and around the pool and all but the last day we were there had a great breeze coming off the beach. We had no problem with mosquitos but there always some in your room. Keep the a/c turned down and the ceiling fan on high.The food was better than what I was expecting after some of the reviews I had read. We ate at the Mexican, Italian, Seafood, and Japanese restaurants. We might have had an appetizer or soup that wasn't up to par but mostly everything was good to very good with one major exception - they don't seem to believe in chocolate! The seafood (Capri) entrees were limited to fish but I had the snapper and it was great. The waitstaff at the restaurants and bars are for the most part great. The Bad - Check-in, those folks had a seriously bad attitude. Our flight got in early and so I at least hoped we'd be able to check-in early but no - no check-in before 3:00. Went and got something to eat, came back about 5 minutes until 3:00, come back in 5 minutes. When I came back in 5 minutes was told your room is not ready and will be another 30 minutes. Until this point I had tried being as polite and friendly as I know how and had gotten nowhere. I finally had to tell them to give me a room now, which they did in the same building as the first room. Had to make two trips back to the front desk to get them to activate my room keys to use the safe ($2/day). Getting around - the resort has a bad design. Not a huge amount of beach frontage for the size of the place so it extends way back from the beach. They have a train system that you can take if you choose not to walk (a 10-12 minute brisk walk from the front of the resort to the beach maybe) but my wife thought she had broken a toe after slipping at the pool the first day so we took the train more than we would have liked to and what a major hassle. You could wait as much as 10-15 minutes between trains and at least a couple of times when the train got there it was completely full. This happens especially during the afternoon when they close the pools and pool bars/restaurants between 6  7 pm (what's with that???). All the dinner restaurants are located back up at the front of the resort so there is a mass exodus heading that direction every afternoon. For those nights we had a 9:00 dinner reservation it would have been nice to have a couple of drinks down by the beach while we killed some time - but not going to happen. One other thing about walking the roads to and from the beach, there are apparently no service roads so every delivery truck, maintenence vehicle, beach tractor, scooter (and they use lots of scooters) has to travel those same roads and sidewalks you're using. My kids are grown but if I had small ones the constant traffic would have made me a little nervous.Dinner reservations - big mess. You have to call each day at 7am to make a reservation for the following day. The day you arrive you're already two days behind so you have to call at 3pm to see what cancellations they've had. The day we arrived, when I called reservations the first three restaurants I requested only had available seating at 9pm. When I asked her to check another she answered I've given you three possibilities - either choose one of them or hang up and call back in 10 minutes. I have no doubt she is working her way up to the front desk check-in position. The other mornings that I called at 7am I never got through in less than 20 minutes. I wish I was kidding but I'm not. If I do the math on how much time was lost out of my vacation waiting for trains and trying to make dinner reservations it'll just make me angry. We sat next to a family one night at dinner who was staying for 3 weeks. The guy said he had tried to see if there was anyway he did not have to get up at 7am everyday to make dinner reservations and their only suggestion was to call at 3pm each day to check for cancellations. I did have one positive experience regarding reservations, one night when we had a 9:00 reservation we were starving by 8:00 so we went to the restaurant and asked if they could work us in early and we were seated within 5 minutes.We wound up at the MCT because I put off reserving a resort until the last minute and it was all that was left in the 4 star category. It's a beautiful resort and you can have a great time but you have to endure more aggravation than you should.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danmom
<Content>Disgusting flies This will be the most honest review you will ever get. There were flies everywhere. At the buffets the flies were landing all over the foods. The birds were picking at the food . This was the most disgusting thing I have ever seen. If you want to eat at a restaurant you need to wake up at 7 am in order to make reservations. If you happen to be 5 minutes late to the restaurant, especially the japanese, they refuse to serve you. Your complaints fall on deaf ears. The management smile and nod their heads but do nothing. I will never book with any Melia resort ever again. They do not care about their customers.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	1	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>jmert
<Content>Melia Caribe-good and bad Spent 6 days at Melia Caribe with some friends (3 couples--ages 29,30,32,38,38,39) at the beginning of June. Most of the other reviews have already said most of what I have to say but I'll mention a few things. I do agree with other travelers that you can't please everyone so those people who complain about trivial things like seaweed are just ridiculous. That being said, we had a great time, although there are some things that could be improved. Upon arrival, we had to wait in line for about an hour to get through customs (just be sure to get your $10 tourist card) because three or four planes landed at the same time. A pretty hot start to our vacation, but not a huge deal. The bus ride took about 20 minutes (we had to wait 30 min to leave b/c we were waiting on other passengers which was crazy) and check-in was a breeze. We did get rooms close to our friends (since 4 of us arrived together we were in building 30, the other 2 next to us in building 29). We liked the location as it was near the pool/beach and not a huge walk to the front where the restaurants/evening entertainment are located. We never once took the trolley, but we are young and like the exercise (ten minute walk is all it is). We went to the beach after breakfast each morning and by the time we got there most of the palapas (huts for shade) were gone although if you walked a little to your left toward the royal service beach you might finda couple left (just because they weren't as close to the main path). It is a bummer that there isn't a beach bar but there is a little hut open during the day that has beer and water but no mixed drinks. You have to walk to Turey Grill (where we ate buffet lunch every day) or to the pool for those. BUBBA KEGS are a must!!!!! They literally do keep drinks cold for hours and the little plastic cups they give you are tiny!!!! THey will fill them with anything!!! I personally just didn't want to have to leave the beach so much for a drink. You can get them at Wal-Mart for 6 bucks and we had the 34 oz ones (I bet 100 people told us they wished they had our bubba kegs and the vendors at the market kept wanting to buy them). THe lunch was the worst meal of the day (Turey every day since it was close to beach). We were careful to watch what we ate so we wouldn't have stomach issues so we stayed away from salad, fruit, and the meat that looked like it had been there for days. Needless to say, we ate rice and black/red beans every day or fresh off the grill hamburgers with fries. Breakfast in the morning was fine-I especially enjoyed the omelet station. Each day after the beach we headed to the Caribe pool bar for some pre-dinner drinks. Fun atmosphere! Dinner reservation system needs some work-we did get reservations every night and ate everywhere we wanted but we did call early in the morning at 7 to get them. We loved Hoikkado (Japanese), Ma Maison (French--the duck was fabulous), and Le Gourmet (International). We also had the American Grill (just ok), Capri (seafood-service was horrendous and no lobster, just one or two pieces of lobster in the medley dish) and El Guarapa (Dominican-just ok). If it doesn't matter to you when you eat, you can generally get the early or late (6 or 9 pm) seating if you don't call early enough in the morning, so that was fine with us a couple of evenings. We loved the Avenue Bar (open air mojito bar just outside of the Mexican restaurant). Mojitos were the best I've ever had so I recommend those-they even ran out of mint leaves one night since we were having so many!! Speaking of drinks, we found the strawberry ones (daquiris, margaritas) were way too sweet, but the regualar ones were fine. We did rent a speedboat for two hours to go snorkeling. THey were asking 90 for two hours, I think we only paid 70 which was well worth it for that amount of time. To close, the must brings in my opinion would include Bubba Kegs, bugspray, lots of sunscreen, dollar bills for tips (we did also have gifts for maids and they were very gracious), pepto or immodium. None of us got sick but at the slightest hint of any stomach irritation, we popped a Pepto or Immodium pill and were fine. Remember to drink lots of water--we heard some stories about people getting dehydrated. Feel free to e-mail with any questions....jtygard@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>EHS3000
<Content>Honest review; the good, bad and ugly Grounds: are beautiful and well maintained, although a very large complex with cobblestoned roads that are tough on the feet and very slippery when wet. Beach is very pretty, although the daily battle for umbrella'd huts which are too few, requires an early wake up call and reserving your spot with a towel or other personal item. Pools are nice but need some maintenance. Pool patrons are pretty sloshed by midday and usually best to avoid (beach has a nicer element)Rooms: Decent rooms, not enough towels, once had to wait until 6 PM for clean towels. Light switches weirdly connected. TV without any pay-per movies or video games for kids nor any info about resort or activites. No information in rooms about amenities, times of activities, etc.Food: Mediocre at best. Ridiculous reservation system forcing you to wake at 7 AM to call for next day reservations with constant busy signals (like buying tickets for a concert through ticketmaster!) Just what I want to do on vacation!! If you happened to get a reservation, not at a time you necessarily want. Dishes quite unimaginative, typically overly well done, and rehashed from restaurant to restaurant. Rice and beans at a Chinese restaurant? My wife and I each had a bellyache at some point. Service: Staff are generally friendly, nice, but most don't speak English and often don't get the job done. Instead of asking for assistance from a coworker who speaks english, your requests for help result in a smile, a shrug, and ultimately nothing. I brought dollar bills to tip the staff but this didn't result in better service for the most part. On the Caribe Beach, a waiter carrying drinks for the patrons was frankly rude and made insulting comments in spanish to guests and to me, even after I tipped him! What a jerk. There is a desparate need for formal instruction on Basic service issues for the staffBars: No beach bars; a major bummer. No waiter service at beach or pool except for the obnoxious guy mentioned above who carried around crappy warm beer and non alcoholic sweet drinks. Limited alcohol choices and clearly watered down stuff. I could swear the Absolut and Tonic I ordered had some cheap vodka poured into an Absolut bottle. Only one beer, Presidente, which makes Bud look like Heinekin.Night life: Super lame shows with lipsynching entertainers dancing to 20 year old music. Pathetically bad. Casino tiny but adequate. One disco which caters to tweens and teens between 10 - 12 PM and then they turn the lights up, kick the kids out, and play super loud salsa music from 12-1 am, clearly catering to one group of patrons. Quite disappointing. Essentially nothing to do at night except have a mediocre dinner and drink afterwards. PS, they're desserts stink.Tip: Much better to spend $25 for an air conditioned cab ride to and from the airport than deal with the horrible buses and vans that pack you in like sardines, are hot, and make multiple stops at other hotelsWould go back to Punta Cana but not to Melia; they need a lot of work  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>TheLoveTrap
<Content>Mixed Feelings... Arrived at Melia Caribe in mid July, we were a large group so checking-in was a challenge. We were originally placed in 3 different buildings but were eventually put together after about an hour of negotiations. People at the counter were somewhat friendly but we did have to ask for cold beers. Being a huge resort, commuting was done by either walking under the scorching heat or trains. Trains were usually on time but we found walking after dinners a must for carb./fat burning. At times, flagging down the Royal Service carts with a couple of dollars in hand will get you anywhere in a hurry. Rooms were nice and spacious; the cleaning ladies were friendly and courteous with extra towels and water. Leaving a $2-$3/day tip goes a long long way. The pools were great with swim-up bars and friendly bartenders. Getting pool towels however was a huge challenge, they usually run out EVERYDAY at around 3-4pm and you are stuck with used towels for the day. During the day, checking every 30 mins to 2 hrs for clean towels was a norm. The beach was nice but not as good as the Caribbean Sea beaches as it is on the Atlantic Ocean side. The banana boat ride was excellent for $10/person. Parasailing, underwater-personalized mini submarines and speed boating were available but none of us tried any. There were 8 A-La-Carte restaurants, each a different style of cuisine. Making reservations was also a challenge, but we found success by calling RIGHT AT 3:30pm on the same day rather than 7:00am with a hangover. With a large group, we managed to find a reliable and resourceful person at the front desk and had that person booking 4 of the 7 dinners for us. A good tip made that happen and it was well worth it. Overall, the people were not as friendly and helpful as we thought (except if you are ready to hand out tips regularly). Many all-inclusive regulars in our group suggested that Mexico and Cuba were better in that area. As for excursions, the full day Saona Island tour was the worst. 2 hours each way by tour bus and with boat rides to the island and back to port, we were left with less than 2.5 hours of actual beach time on the island. The BBQ lunch was however great. The half-day Marinarium snorkeling excursion was the best, very friendly people and the atmosphere was great. Swimming with Stingrays and a 6-ft. nurse shark was very exciting. We also did the sunset horseback-riding excursion, not as romantic as suggested since our horses were mostly apart and I did not see my wife until the end. It鈥檚 worth the money if both of you are good riders and can actually control the horses to stay together. As for shopping, bargaining is an absolute must. We found that the strike price was usually about 1/3 of the original asking price. As for calling home, a phone card will save you money but we did have some problems with the ones offered by Verizon. A couple of them became invalid even before the expiry date. I also managed to golf 2x at The Cocotal Golf Resort. It's free as suggested in our package but renting a cart was mandatory at $35 USD per round. Course condition was above average but it was a VERY flat course. Not much tree, water or bunker trouble. I definitely would not suggest paying $65 USD for renting clubs to play there. To conclude, a nice looking and clean resort. Be ready to tip regularly to overcome their shortfalls. Ask many questions about your excursions and bargain hard when you shop. Have fun and like the locals says, There's always no problems here and if there is one, it's for tomorrow .....  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>buckwheat_02
<Content>Royal Service -- The only way to go.... Fantastic trip The Royal Service ( RS ) at the Melia Tropical is the only way to go. We stayed for 10 days and had a super family vacation for 7.We arrived at the airport, paid our $10 for a tourist card each ( which you don't keep for your return flight.....this is different than the Santo Domingo airport ).The Royal Service check in was quick and efficient in the VIP lounge. Our Butler Davis was lame, we saw him only once or twice over the 10 day period. That's a small issue, I can run my own bath.The Gaby club buffet was outstanding for breakfast and lunch. They had a pasta bar, omlete bar, and typically had 3-4 people waiting on our table. Try to sit in Tomas' area in the Gaby club. He's the most efficient and courteous waiter we've ever had. He was always ready with spoons, napkins, or drinks for us. Please ensure you tip the staff, they work so hard and are so courteous and efficient.The bar near the Gaby club was well stocked ( Johnny Walker red and black, Courvassier, Tanqueray, Brugal extra anejo, etc...).Miguel is a very courteous bartender that remembers the folks that tip.We stayed in the Royal Service junior suite, which is very nice, with a very large hot tub ( seats 3-4 adults ). The fold out bed in the living room is uncomfortable for adults, but it was perfect for our young sons.The flat screen TV, comfortable bed, and stocked fridge of beer, water, and sodas was very nice. The room service often took 440 minutes to deliver but was well worth the wait and they served until 11 PM.Transportation: The grounds are very large, and it's best to call the concierge to ask for a pick up by the RS staff. They'll pick you up in a small cart to take you anywhere on the grounds. Riding the train wasn't bad at all either. We'd simply exit at the Caribe lobby and walk over to the RS area.The RS pool is incredible. It includes 2 hot tubs, a swim up bar, and several built in lounge chairs in the pool. The pool is surrounded by several bungalows and large mattresses to relax. The pool grill is fantastic, with an ice cream machine for the kids, and they make BLTs, pizzas, hamburgers, and sandwiches as well.Since we booked with the Royal service, we had no issues getting dinner reservations ( even for as many as 9 people ). The Japanese and French restaurant were the best. The steak and lobster at Ma Maison was outstanding.The kids club is good for kids 6 yrs and older. Younger than that and they just watch your kids in an air conditioned room from 10 - 5 PM. The 6 yrs and older kids go swimming, rock climbing, on a high wire course on site, do face painting, etc... Our 6 yr old son had fun at the kids club.The kid disco at 8:30 every night was fun for the kids to dance on stage with Fred Flinstone. At 9:00 we danced Merengue and Salsa in the bar area to the live music of Cafe con Leche a small local band. The disco isn't worth visiting.The private area on the beach was nice, and efficient. The water was beautiful and warm as was the beach. Our kids loved it.We had a super 40 minute helicopter tour from Prieto Tours. We really enjoyed it.I highly recommend the royal service at the Melia Caribe. The service is outstanding, you don't have the restaraunt reservation hassles, the liquor and food is of higher quality in the RS area, and the living and pool areas are awesome.It's well worth the extra money. We can't wait to return next year.We'll ask for a different butler next year though. ;)  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nothingbutcurls
<Content>Never, ever again. I stayed with my family at the Melia Tropical in the summer of 2003. It is no wonder that I still remember this horrifying trip, even three years after the fact.Upon check in, our room was not ready and we had to wait a few hours with nothing to do. We decided to go eat something and relax by the pool. Mistake! The Melia Tropical has NO air conditioning. It was 90+ degrees, with 100% humidity, I'm sure. When we got to the buffet, there was no lunch left and they were putting everything away. We managed to eat what was left in the trays from lunch.When we got into our room, the CEILING CAVED IN ON US. This is not a joke. The celing light was LEAKING water, evidently from the room above us, and in an instant, the light, a veritable waterfall, and bits of ceiling came crashing down on us. This is extremely dangerous. How water got in the ceiling light escapes/baffles us still.We called the front desk and demanded another room. After getting the runaround, and a few hours later, they drove us to another room. We saw a snake on the pathway, at which point they called a worker who hacked it with a machete. Another horrible thing about this hotel is it's walkway and how everything is set up. Trolleys come to las paradas (the stops) every half hour (the sign says cada 15 minutos; every fifteen minutes.. this is a LIE.)The staff is LESS than helpful, hardly speak English, and aren't happy you chose to stay there.The next day at the buffet near the pool, I saw a huge waterbug on the floor, walking near my feet. I immediately walked out and needed to calm down a bit. When I got back to our room that night, I couldn't sleep and put on the television, which illuminated the room and sent a huge spider and about a dozen little ones SCATTERING across the wall behind the bedboard. I put down my hairbrush into the sink after a shower, came back an hour or two later, and saw a trail of ants heading right for it. Disgusting. The male hotel staff found it necessary to make catcalls at me while walking around in a bikini. I was 14. That made me extremely nervous and I felt violated at how they would stare. Do not go into town, because it's not safe and people will run up to you and bother you for your money.The food was horrible, the people were less than friendly, and there were disgusting bugs everywhere they shouldn't have been. I realize it is a tropical locale and bugs are expected, but that was just disgusting considering the amount of money we paid in relation to the horrible experience we had. Please, please, save your money and go somewhere else.The upside is that the scenery and beach are absolutely beautiful.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>ezuck
<Content>Do not reserve unless you get the VIP Service upgrade This is my third time at Punta Cana. First time at a three star all inclusive followed by a four star all inclusive and now this five star. I think the hotel must have made up its own rating system because this certainly was not as nice as a motel 8. First of all, it took us literally one and a half hours to check in. I am seriously not exaggerating. We were staying with a group and two of the three rooms were not ready until 5pm! We had to hunt down cleaning staff to clean those rooms. We have a seven month old and had to pull in a crib from outside (yes outside) ourselves despite the fact that we had ordered the crib well in advance and had confirmed it twice at check in. I cleaned it myself and luckily brought my own crib sheet. Do not exect to have clean towels until night time and a few nights we did not have pillow covers. (they forgot to put them on.) Yes, we tipped every day--and it apparently did not matter. We would have to hunt down the maid to get bottled water and felt like we had to bribe him with a $5 tip to get more since we were washing baby bottles with the water as well. well, you get the idea...ants, cockroaches, bedbugs, mosquitoes in the room, etc.By the way, this is the first time I have written a review on trip advisor and never complain about hotels---Moving on to the pools and the beaches are very nice. However, the pool was very slippery. They have outdoor shaded matresses at the pool which are nice but watch out because there was a rat in between the mattress where my infant daughter was sleeping. By the way, watched the mixed drinks, they wash the blender out with regular tap water. We all had stomach problems and still do (got home yesterday) All in all, place is beautiful but service is terrible (You cannot get a hold of the front desk--they put you on hold for hours or hang up on you.) A couple we spoke with said for $100 more you can upgrade to the VIP Service which has its own transportation, restaurants and room service. DO THIS!!!!! We were all annoyed that AAA did not tell us about this. I have stayed at the Royal Service which I hear is similar in the Flamenco and was well worth it! It literally is $100 more for the entire trip and makes all the difference in the world. This resort is not recommended for senior citizens due to the walking nor for families with infants. BRING BUG SPRAY!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>eduardo
<Content>ROYAL SERVICE or ELSE... At first, we noticed the amount of people checking in and after a few minutes we figured...standard room, NO WAY. We spend an additional $600 to UPGRADE to Royal Service and every penny was worth it. For starters, you get assigned a BUTLER. Yes people a BUTLER. You can either do it yourself of call him for anything and I mean ANYTHING. We had room service 2 or 3 times a day (included with Royal Service). We got all of our restaurants reservations confirmed up to 48 hours in advanced. We did not find any limits at this resort. SPANISH is this country's official language. Don't we get pissed off when people come to the US and refuse to try to speak our language?...well, now have some common sense and do not [-----] if people speak in their native tongue... we are not saying they do not speak English; but not fluently like you and me, SO GIVE THEM A BREAK and enjoy your vacation. Now, if you are a cheap skate (we saw lots) and want to do it the European way (not a single PENNY of out your pockets EVER!!!) you should stay at home OR face the music. Regardless of where you go, and especially at under developed countries... it is common knowledge that these people are exploited. So you know 80% of these resorts are owned by European chains鈥o figure. We took $50 in $1 bills and after 5 days we had experienced the best service we've ever had for an additional $10 a day. To us, that is not a bad deal.We travel every other month. We have been in Europe, Asia, South  Central America as well as the Caribbean. GOOD SERVICE HAS ITS PRICE. Even though Europe is one of the continents where we noticed people are not accustomed to TIP like us in the US....Money encourages the worst staff in any part of this planet, don鈥檛 be cheap, a few dollars can make your vacation memorable. Carry a stack of singles and $5'sWe did have two episodes that where corrected by management. Everywhere we go, the first thing we do is introduce ourselves to the general manager or head HONCHO. It has always kept us ahead of the game. We did read several reviews from people that should be vacationing in Beverly Hills or Daventry in east London where SH.. does not stink. Adapt, adapt, adapt. We are extremely spoiled in the US and that is fine... this is why we remain here. But learning about other cultures and people's customs is what we love the most about traveling. Melia Caribe tropical gets 4 STARS. ROYAL service gets 6 STARS, INCLUDING THE TIP! EA.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>myb
<Content>Stay Away!!!!!!! 路Cockroaches- in luggage, in the bed, and on the floor in 3 different rooms. 路Lizards in room.路Staff- extremely rude!!!! 路Impossible to get dinner reservations! 路Bacterial Infection in the intestine, had to go to emergency room! 路Spider bite which needed medical attention too路They don鈥檛 give you clean towels everyday.路They don鈥檛 change your sheets路Ran out of pool towels. 路Lacking games in casino路No nightlife路Men do not need to wear slacks to dinner!! They will tell you, you need to but you don鈥檛! 路Even for the non motorized water sports, you need to have $$ on you for insurance!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Mobrain
<Content>Horrendous - Never Again I have recently been a guest at the Melia Caribe Tropical. I can't believe anyone would rate this a 5 star hotel, I would barely give it a 1 starHotel Services: Four days prior to our arrival I called the hotel directly and confirmed our reservation - one room, two double beds, close to the ocean and pool (which we had paid extra for). We are three adults, one child and a baby. They gave us a room with one king size bed. We had to wait another day before we got a room with two double beds (which I must say - these beds are made for very small people but not for grown adults). Trolly Car/Train: This is an experience that I鈥檇 like to forget completely. In a place this size they should have a least three trains running at all times. The wait for the train averaged 20 minutes and since we were the last stop by the time the train got to us it was completely full and we had to wait yet another 20 minutes or start walking鈥?and that would be ok if the lobby was at a reasonable distance. Walking in 100% humidity in 90 degree weather with a two year old is not the best situation. By the time we got to the lobby we were drenched and exhausted. Restaurants: Their system of making reservations is insanely frustrating and completely unacceptable. In most of the Punta Cana Resorts you have to make reservations if you want to dine at any of the restaurants, which is understandable. Unlike the Iberostar and Bavaro Beach where you can make reservations for the whole week the moment you check in, in this Resort you have to wake up at 7:00 a.m. and begin dialing the reservation numbers, which are constantly busy, to make a reservation for the next day. When I finally got through one day it was 7:20 a.m. and I could no longer get a reservation since they were all booked. This became increasingly frustrating in our 鈥渧ery long鈥?11 day stay. It took me 5 days before I was able to book a reservation and when we got to the restuarant they didn't have us down, even though I called earlier in the day to confirm. We were disgusted beyond belief. This resort does not have room service so on those nights which we would have loved to have stayed in and not deal with the hassles of the restaurants or that trolley car we had no choice.I know Resorts, especially 鈥渁ll inclusive鈥?Resorts, might water down their alcohol. This establishment took that concept to a whole new level. We ordered a bottle of wine in one of the restaurants and the waiter poured a glass to everyone at the table. When I took a sip - it was water鈥?not watered down wine but plain and simple water. They were very apologetic but the harm had been done鈥?.talk about getting caught cheating the guest. Pool: It鈥檚 great to say that you have 7 pools, but maintaining those pools should be a priority, apparently it's not to these people. There was an unusual odor by the pool bar鈥?can鈥檛 describe it or explain it. Beach: There is no beach service so if you want to drink something you have to walk to the pool bar which would be fine if the bar was close enough - by the time you reached the beach with your drink the ice was melted. The Iberostar and Bavaro Beach both have beach service as well as the Paradisus which is one of the Melia's Hotels). Thank God this was not my first experience in Punta Cana otherwise I would never be going back. Luckily I have been a guest at other resorts in Punta Cana which have been a total pleasure.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>CCfabes
<Content>Just ok.. not a 5 Star.. We were a group of 15, stayed at the Melia Caribe from July 11th returned on the 18th. Check in was fine, luggage was brought to our room quick. I just read a review about the woman at the front desk who took that persons credit card to the back room and now she has charges on that card from several gas stations in DR. I am very concerned about that. The woman at the front desk took quite sometime with my credit card in that back room also. I am calling my credit card company today!Anyway, this has been our 6th time to Punta Cana and always had great service and the staff was always friendly but sorry to say not at this resort., and we were dissappointed. The service at all the bars including the lobby bars were terrible, I can see if they were busy but sorry they were not. We all did notice the staff would always look at your hand to see if you are giving them a tip. Of course we always tip but it was quite noticeable that they were looking for one.Rooms were ok, we were on the Caribe side, close to the beach and main pool which was nice. This was the first time we stayed at an all inclusive resort that did not have the mini fridge stocked with beer. Only soft drinks and water, so if you like to have a couple of beers before you go out don't expect it to be in the fridge! The beach is beautiful, water was clean..plenty of lounge chairs and huts, but again dissappointed cause there was no beach bar. The only bar on the beach was a little hut that just served beer and soft drinks and the guy that served you was so rude! To get any mixed drinks you would have to walk through the beach restaurant passed the buffet and that was the bar. Oh yea, and no music on the beach.Pool: Needs to be maintained, paint is chipping and looks very tacky.. swim up bar - again service was not good at all.Grounds are very nice, kept clean .. this resort is huge so remember to wear comfortable shoes..Restaurants: You have to call at 7:00 am to get reservations at any of the ala carte restaurants. We did hear alot of people complaining about this, you are on vacation who wants to get up at 7am to call for reservations!! We tried all but the Chinese, Italian and Dominican. Japanesse, Capri (seafood) Gourmet, Mexican, French and American Grill were all great! We did hear that the Chinese and Italian were not that good. The breakfast and lunch buffet was ok. Our group did have a nice time but would not recommend the Melia Caribe Tropical.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this place, what a beautiful vacation!!!       beach activity  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Prothew
<Content>Not a 5 star hotel!!!! Recently stayed at this hotel, and on arrival found it a very large complex. First impressions where it was very clean. After our quick check in, we were off to our room, by road train, which was fun, but soon realised we were on Domican time when our luggage never turned up for 40mins. After a 9 and abit hour flight the 1st thing we wanted was a shower and a change of clothes as it was very hot. Our room was nice, but nothing special for a 5 star, (this would not be considered 5 stars in England), the bathroom was ok but stank as it had no window or air vent, not very pleasent. Our room was close to the pool though. Bed linen was clean but stained and pillows were ripped.Very large pool and pleanty of sun lounges for everyone, swim up pool bar was very handy but the staff didn't speak much English, think it helps to speak Spanish here!!! The pool bar played loud spanish music all day long, so if your looking for a quite holiday this would not be it. (Take your ipod). Pool was lovely and cool and the pool boys done a good job to keep it clean, but it could have done with a lick of paint, it looked really tatty. Not what I thought it would be.The rooms have a inter connecting door a we had the most awful neighbours, the doors conduct alot of sound and we could hear every conversation they had and other things they done, (not nice). On several occasinsl various people complained about the people next door to us for the noise they made, but the staff at the hotel done nothing about it, so for the best part of 2 weeks everyone in our block was woken up at 4am!!!!I had some money stolen out of my purse whilst here, English money left in a draw, didn't think the staff would touch it but they did. We complained to the hotel, but the guest service was rude and took no responisblity for the hotel. I asked her if I would get an apology from the hotel to which she replied 'I did not steal you money, so I will not apologise.' This is someone who represents the hotel. Not impressed. After that we found it very hard to get booked in to the restaurants in the evenings at the times we wanted. I wonder why?  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would not go back My husband and I stayed at Melia from July 4 though July 11. The resort was ok however, we would not go back. The service was below average and there was absolutely nothing to do at night. We found the staff friendly but extremely lazy. I understand in the carribean things are slow but..... this was ridiculous.We had the so called Royal Service. We found that to be a joke. I would not recommend paying the extra money for it. If the service was supposed to be better than the regular, thank goodness we had RS. We lost electricity daily on and off for 5-15 minutes at a time. We lost water one day from 3:00- 7:30. The day we lost water we had 7:00 dinner reservations that we could not make. That was a nightmare. If you dont have reservations you have to have the buffet. (Not too good)The food over all was ok....it was edible and not horrible, however I did come home with a stomach problem (we were very careful with ice and brushing teeth). We were happy to eat our first meal at home without flies in our food or face. We found the food to be the same ingredients at every meal prepared differently. We had plaintains, potatoes, tomatoes, cucumbers, lettuce, beef, chicken, pork, shrimp, rice and cheese served many different ways. That was the menu at every meal. It became very boring after the third day. There was supposed to be pool bar service. HA! I think I saw someone come around 5 times the entire week. We do not recomend this resort.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of the front desk! I just received a call from my credit card company that my card was fraudulently used in Dominican Republic at a gas station. The only place I had used my card was at the Melia Caribe Tropical. The woman at the front desk took my card to the back to charge my account and came back some time later. A week later someone is trying to use my card number, which means that a hotel employee has taken my account information and tried to use it. I am filing an investigation with my card company but for all of you who are travelling to this hotel, please beware. Do not let your card leave your site when they take it. Have them swipe it right in front of you. Thank goodness my card company (Citibank) is excellent with fraud alerts because if not, even someone in Dominican Republic would be trying to charge who knows what on my card.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>chelsea1996
<Content>enjoyed every minute We stayed at the Melia for 2 weeks from 22nd June until 5th July and we loved it, my 9 year old daughter had the time of her life.I must say that we were in the Royal Service which was worth every penny 48 blockright opposite the Gabi Resturant.Like most people we had breakfast in the Gabi, we also had lunch as the only time I felt unwell was when I ate in one of the buffet resturants for lunch. We did keep off salads, fruit that was not pealed as I has heard that this is washed in tap water and we were there for 2 weeks and no body else got ill. When we ate at the buffet lunch by the beach I had a dessert which I dont think was very cold and it is in the open and I was unwell the day after. There is alot for children to do though my daughter did not go in the kids club she made lots of friends by the RS pool and every morning at 10.30 in the grounds thay have a adventure walkway through the trees on ropes and swings and of course she had to do that everyday also in the afternoon the rock climbing wall is open.The food in all the resurants was good and we had no problem booking as RS do that for you which is another plus.We were in a deluxe suite which had a kitchen with breakfast bar, dining table, lounge area with plasma, seperate bedroom with plasma, j/bath and seperate shower and toilet, and alot of storage.We did have the bath drawn for us which was lovely and the pillow meau everynight as my daughter loved the lavender pillows.Yes we would go back again and if you have any questions you can e-mail me at Janet.Charlton@btinternet.com  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Vacation is what you make it.... My family and I stayed at the Melia Caribe from July 3-7. (basic package, no royal service)Check-In was a chaotic. However, you must also take into consideration that this will be the case at most Resorts throughout the world this time of year. When it comes to checking into a Resort it happens in waves. A couple of planes land simultaneously, tens of passengers are shuttle to the Resort at the same time as a result you have long lines. However, you could return to that same check-in counter at a different time and be served immediately because its downtime. Please keep this in mind if you are arriving on a busy travel day in the heart of the summer when most of the world is vacationing.Despite all of that the entire process still only took approximately 20-25 minutes.The Resort is absolutely breathtaking. There is always a lot to see and many activities to do. A multiplicity of activities are included with the all inclusive package (i.e. Sailing, Banana Boat, various other water sports, rock climbing, etc.) There are also many paid excursions available Horseback Riding, Snorkeling, etc. My Family and I did Horseback riding for two hours along the beach at sunset $52 per person and Speed boating/Snorkeling $60 per person. Both were wonderful experiences and I highly recommend. Bring a disposable underwater camera is you partake in any water sports to capture the endless amounts of fun.The food was above average. The buffets for Lunch and Breakfast offered a variety. You should not expect anything spectacular, it is a buffet, not a five star meal prepared by you own personal chef. Dinner at the Restaurants were decent as well and it really boils down to what you order as some dishes were better than others just like at any restaurant.Making dinner reservations is a hassle; even if you call at 7:05AM sometimes they are all booked up. It's an imperfect system but one that you will have to deal with unless you don't mind eating Buffets for Dinner as well.The train is a waste of time unless you are disable or have children. I would only recommend using it if it's already at the bus stop when you walk outside your villa; otherwise waiting for it to come is a waste.At night, there are mosquitoes that like to hover around the grounds many man mad lakes; nothing a little OFF can't repel.The language barrier is not an issue. You should have no problem getting want you need from any of the hard workers at this resort. This resort is also very safe.The waters at the beach are very calm and good to swim in. There is a lot of room at the main pool and it never seemed crowded.The rooms are just average rooms unless you opt for the Royal Service. However, if you are out enjoying the resort you will be spending very little time in the room.The nightly shows are below average; however, it is a form of entertainment that always seemed to draw a crowd. It's not something you will be itching to see every night of your stay. Most of the time my family and I were so exhausted from our daily actitives that we had no energy left at night to see a show after dinner.Overall, I am glad I had the opportunity to experience this paradise diamond in the ruff. When we rode through the island to get to our excursions I noticed a lot of new construction seemingly on every block. I would not be surprised if in the next 5-10 years Punta Cana is mentioned right along with other elite Caribbean vacationing Islands (i.e. Bahamas, Jamaica, etc.)I鈥檓 glad I was able to experience the birth of this special destination while still in its embryonic stage.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ljasw
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical Royal Service way to go! I was waiting a while before i posted this review, i believe if you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all however, i have plenty nice to say and the negatives are aimed toward poor management not the hotel nor the island.My family and I (husband  kids ages 14 and 12 years old) stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical, Royal Service section.We had our own private check-in, where we received mimosas and leather bracelts upon check in. Our butler escorted us to our room, jotted down some #'s to call for room svc, reception, and golf, we tipped him, and that was the last we saw of him.The room was large and beautiful, with a granite kitchen, dining area, living room with sofa bed, separate bedroom with jacuzzi tub, and a bathroom entered through the kitchen or from the master bedroom. There was plenty of closet space, the safe was free, and you can recieve internet directly in the room for $10 a day.The whole property is beautiful, the pools are very large and clean, the beach was also beautiful and we did not see any seaweed.The royal service area is the best area of this hotel. There is a large tile swimming pool with techno / trendy music playing, beautiful couches, palapas, lounges, giving the pool area a very exotic, mediterranean feel. there is also a swim up bar in the royal service pool and a grill which makes delicious sandwiches, pizza, burgers, nachos, and chicken through out the day. The restaurant the Gabi is amazing. The decor is breath taking with candles everywhere and couches. It is an open air restaurant-no air conditioning- plenty of mosquitos, but it is still beautiful, and the food was better than all of the ala carte restaurants. The vip lounge was fun to hang out in at night, there was always champagne, wine and cordials there, there is free internet access there, chess, checkers, board games and a TV. This lounge is located right off the Caribe Lobby.The Ala Carte restaurants we ate at were Capri, Le Gourmet, Hokaido, Ma Maison. and we had lunch buffet at the italian restaurant once. All the food is nicely presented, and very good. The decor in all the restaurants were intimate and romantic. If you are not royal service it is difficult to get a reservation. The buffets were not good. We ate breakfast at the Gabi (royal svc only) buffet and it was good.Every night there was a show in the the theater, and we enjoyed strolling down bar avenue, and playing in the casino. I won in the casino at blackjack and roullette, and there was also a bar a billiards table and disco just off the casino.The kids loved this hotel, especially the royal service area, and they really enjoyed the island and excursions. We did the outback safari, speed boat/snorkeling, and we did horseback riding at the El Pat ranch. DO NOT go horseback riding there! The horses were wild, i had bruises all over my legs, and they gallopped not trotted the entire time, i almost fell off twice, and was ready to jump off and walk the animal back! (i have been horseback riding for a couple of years now and never experienced this kind of ride on a trail)Now for the NEGATIVE, and it's a big one:I will try to keep this brief,The day before we were to return home, my son and daughter were horse playing around in the room and a glass interior door shattered on her and cut her finger requiring us to go to the hospital and get stitches. We were willing to accept responsibilty for damage until the general manager ignored us and cancelled several appts to meet with us. The remaining glass was left in the bathroom door, it was dangerous, and sharp and waiting to fall and cause further damage. We approached guest services several times to have them clean it up, Possibly gives us a different room, or talk about the accident and like i said, we were avoided until 11 pm when the General Mgr. told us he would charge us for the broken glass, and for blood on the bed sheets! He also said he does not get involved in domestic disputes! What an unprofessional, non compassionate person! No one from the hotel ever contacted us to ask if my daughter was ok or if we needed anything, and they all knew we had to be rushed to the hospital.Despite the accident, my family enjoyed our time in Punta Cana and this hotel, but i as a mother must say i have never encountered such a rude and inhospitable General Manager in the HOSPITALITY business. We have traveled quite a bit to many places, always with my children since they were infants, and nothing like this has ever happened and i would never imagine this is how an accident would be handled.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lvglf
<Content>Will never go back Stayed at this hotel with a group of 10 ladies. Within five minutes of waitiing for our room to be ready and sitting in the lounge my purse was lifted. I'm pretty sure who took it but when I realized it was gone and went back to question the staff (we were the only guests in the lounge) the I don't speak english came in very handy. The guest services did nothing and said they would check the log book each day and follow up on whether or not it was handed in. Yeh,.....right. All my cash and visa was in the purse but thank god no passport. Things got worse when one member of our group ended up in hospital on a morphine drip due to some stomach infection. Had been here before and didn't have any problems but it has definitely gone downhill. Food was not good and most staff could care less. I certainly would not go back to the Dominican and that was my third time there. Was never ecstatic about this island and never found the food very edible. but price was good. Now I know why. There must be better places to visit. I'm not a complainer but a trip to this place is something I will not repeat. If you go......KEEP A CLOSE EYE ON YOUR BELONGINGS!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>World-Traveller-MD
<Content>Never Again We just returned from a week at the Melia Caribe (7/2 - 7/9) with my husband and 4 children ages 14, 17, 18, and 19. All I can say is if you are looking for a nice relaxing vacation, don't bother staying at the Melia Caribe. Also if you don't speak Spanish, you should take a course before you leave or bring a translation dictionary with you. I will review the experience from arrival at the airport to departure . . . 1. Airport: Be prepared to pay a $10 fee for a tourist card for each person upon arrival. Having gone through customs at many international small airports, this was not bad at all. It took us a little bit of time to figure out how and where we get the transfer bus to the resort. Once we found the tour desk, they ushered us out to the parking lot full of buses and boarded us on a much need large airconditioned bus. We waited for over 30 minutes until we departed. 2. Check-in: After waiting about 20 minutes to check in, we found out that the 3 rooms were in 3 different buildings! The clerk kept saying that room location wasn't guaranteed, but come on -- with kids in 2 of the rooms you would think they would get you somewhat close. After haggling with the manager for over 10 minutes and getting all three rooms in the same building, he assured us that villa #42 was only a few minutes walk to the beach and was a royal suites room that was much nicer than the others (which it wasn't). He told us that we would not be able to use any of the Royal Suites ammenities, though. Well, it was a good 10 minute walk to both the pool and the beach. This was ridiculous. Finally, after going back to the reception area that evening and complaining, we were booked in villa #36 which is near the pool and beach and moved the following day. 3. Room: Nice enough, but airconditioner wasn't working properly--was stuck on meat locker temperature--guess that's better than no airconditioner. Foul odor from bathroom pipes constantly. Electricity would go off periodically throughout the day. Safe was located on very bottom of shelf in closet so you literally had to lay on the floor to see what was in the safe. Maid was nice and did a good job cleaning the room. Remote control never worked and we had problems with our phone on several occasions. Clock radio was constantly blinking 12:00 because the master electricity switch controls everything in the room, so when it is turned off, the clock goes off too. Suggestion: bring your own battery clock. 4. Dinner reservation system: Unbelieveable how they do this--you have to call at 7:00a in order to get dinner reservations for the following day. The line is constantly busy and when you do get through they usually offer you either 6:00 or 9:45--they hold most of the tables for the Royal Service guests. I don't know about you, but when I go on vacation, I don't want to stress about getting up and dialing a phone 20 times to get dinner reservatinos for the following night!5. Restaurants: Most are o.k. Least favorite was the Chinese restaurant. The American Grill was very loud. We showed up 20 minutes late to the Japanese restaurant and they had cancelled our reservations. Mexican restaurant had the best service and food. Le Gourmet was good too. Service was good at most of all the restaurants. Plan to leave your villa at least 15-20 minutes prior to your reservation because it is a long walk if you are staying near the beach or pool area. Forget the train--at dinner it is always packed and it takes 20 minutes or more to go around the whole resort before getting dropped off at the restaurant area. We brough a few dollars with us and on several occasions flagged down a golf cart and hitched a ride and gave the guy $2.00 for his trouble. 6. Pool: Nice and large. Best time to go is the morning between 9:00a and 12:00p. Late afternoon the spanish music is blarring and everyone is getting loud and drunk. Don't take valuables to the pool! I got $50 stolen from my beach bag when I left it unattended on my chair. I'm sure the pool/lawn maintenance guys took it. They are all around the pool in the early morning. Women, be prepared for cat calls and obscene spanish remarks while walking around the resort. The resort employees don't hesitate to say what's on their mind.7. Bar Drinks: They don't spare the alcohol. They do have some top shelf brands--Stoli vodka, absolut vodka, Bacardi Gold, etc. They will only use it upon request. Daiquiris are not made with anything fruitty--no strawberries or strawberry mix--not sure how they do it, but they aren't good. 8. Casino: Don't bother. I have never experienced such rude dealers (especially the female blackjack dealers). I've been to Atlantic City casinos, Las Vegas casinos and have never seen such rude and unfriendly dealers. They won't speak English to you. They count your cards in spanish, if they even count your cards. On several occasions the dealer miscounted, gave the wrong winnings, etc.--completely inept. Several people commented to me about their bad experiences in the casino.9. Beach: Not the nicest beach. Water temperature good, but not too clear. Seaweed accummulates on the beach and the poor guys have to bag it by hand every morning. Great walking beach--can walk for miles on it. Watercrafts are good--most free. But, you have to make a reservation for most of them. Parasailing and banana boats are extra. It cost us $170 for 4 kids to parasail and $40 for them to go on the banana boot. FYI: watersports operators use whatever peso rate they want--hotel has a rate of 30 and the watersports guys have a rate of 33--go figure--isn't the currency rate the same for the whole country? 10. Buffet restaurants: Breakfast at the Tuney restaurant at the Caribe area was o.k. Lunch--well, let's say I ate white rice and beans every day for lunch. The soft ice cream machine was a welcomed addition--had a few ice cream lunches. Typical buffet food with flies, birds, etc. 11. Check-out: Our flight was at 3:20 p.m. and was told to check out at 10:30 a.m. in order to get the bus to the airport. Check out only took about 20 minutes--not the 1 hour time that they had told us. Waited an hour in the lobby for the bus and took over an 1 hour to get to the airport which is 15 minutes away because we had to stop at other hotels and sit and wait for people. Bus was airconditioned and very comfortable. 12. Nightlife: Before departing for our trip to PC, we thought we wouldn't see the kids at all. Much to our surprise they were with us all day and all night--not much in the way of entertainment for them. The older ones participated in a game of beer pong in the lobby of the Caribe one night, but everyone was in their room by 10:00 p.m. every night. The fun pub was a smokey loud bar with chairs and one pool table) (At home, we can't keep them home).13. Departure at Airport: Beware when you arrive at the airport the airport luggage guys swarm the bus to get your luggage to make the tips. As soon as the driver opens the luggage compartment they start grabbing the luggage off the bus. We had 10 pieces and unfortunately, because of the mad dash to grab luggage, my daughter's suitcase was picked up by someone by mistake and we didn't get it back until an hour We thought for sure we were going home without it. In summary, in my opinion not worth the $5,500 we spent.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>tropical paradise!! excellent place to stay I was married in the gazebo on July 4th 2006 in this resort. It was wonderful. The service was great. We decided not to pay the extra money to upgrade to the Royal Service and we received excellent service and treatment. Our room was very clean and nice. Yes it is a huge resort but we didn't mind the walking at all. I couldn't imagine wanting to sit and wait for the train to take you 5 or 10 minutes down the road. It was super hot so we spent the majority of our time at the pool enjoying the drinks and cooling off in the water. It was just beautiful!!! My husband and I will go back to this place in the future. The food there is very different than what I'm used to so the only thing I would do differently is bring some snacks. Of course they had snacks available in the gift shops there but it was just a limited selection. The beach was just gorgeous. It is by far the most beautiful beach I've ever seen!!I miss it terribly and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>waterfall1824
<Content>honest review of melia caribe tropical       beautiful fountain  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia PARADISE!       The pool  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>caribbeanbeachlover
<Content>I would go back in a second       Royal Servie Villa 49  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ira w
<Content>Dissapointed in service My wife and I were at the Melia Caribe Tropicale 2 years ago and the service has declined.We arrived at the hotel at 3pm and did not get into our room until 5pm. This was after they put us in a room with 2 double beds, even though we were supposed to be in a king bed.We called to have our luggage moved to the newly assigned room. After 1 hour, we moved our own luggage to the new room. In the new room, we noticed the closet was jammed and would not open it and we did not have access to the safe. There were not enough towels and some of the lights did not work. No one explained what all the controls were for the lights, tv, ceiling fan, etc. We called maintenance and housekeeping , but no one came. The next day, I noticed a maintenace person working near our room and asked him to fix our problems in our room. He took care of everything within 10 minutes. They have several ala carte restaurants. A japanese, Mexican, American, Seafood, French, Gormet, Chineese and Dominican restaurant. The Chineese was the worst as far as food and all the others seemed good to excellent. Service seemed okay in most restaurants, with some poor service in some. You required a reservation in all ala carte restaurants for dinner and could only make them 24 hours ahead starting at 7am. We were never able to get to the Japaneese reataurant. Each time we arrive at one of our reservations for dinner, it seemed as though they could have handled more people. This reservation system is innconvenient, frustrating and annoying. The resort itself has incredible landscaping and public areas. Most spaces are clean, modern and very nicely decorated, including the guest rooms. The gym is too hot and the equipment is old and needs maintenace and needs replacing. The spa also need work as the asmosphere is not like what most upscale spas are. When I arrived at the spa, one of the employees was asleep at the desk and they don't knock when they come into your room. My wife is modest and they did not seem to care. The people there seem to need training from a professional and some supervision. They were also eating at there desks and talking very loudly. This is not real condusive to a spa experience. I would not go back to the Melia Tropicale. I would cosider at the Paradisus next door.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>azilmac
<Content>Watch Your Credit Card Statements Although this resort was beautiful, I am now left with a bad taste in my mouth after receiving a call from my credit card company a few weeks after my return from Punta Cana.I used my credit card twice during the entire trip. I used it to check in at the Melia, and I used it once at the spa at the resort. I kept the card in the safe for the rest of the time.My credit card company called inquiring about several charges that had been made to my card to buy gas in several areas of the Dominican Republic. I did not leave the resort during my stay.I still have my card. I was told by my credit card company that the number and card information had been lifted during one of my transactions at the Melia.So, watch your cardit card statements for unauthorized charges when you return from your trip.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beach_bb
<Content>Beautiful Resort! R Trip Report for Melia Caribe Royal Service June 17 - 24We are a young couple in our twenties travelling to Punta Cana for the first time. Arrival 鈥?The flight attendants passed out a white form for us to complete and then at customs, they passed out another blue form with essentially the same items. We filled these out and went through custom. Found out later from another couple that the white one will do just fine. Once you are through customs and baggage claims, you will be attacked by porters just be courteous and firm 鈥渘on, gracias鈥? We found our tour operator and were directed to our bus out on the parking lot. There were only a small group of us going to the resort, bus was air conditioned and we went direct to the hotel, no other stops. That was great because we were eager to settle in. Check-in 鈥?They have a little welcome sign for all RS guests at the front. Just point to it and someone should lead you to the VIP lounge where you will be checked in. Mimosa served, maps, room key and towel cards provided. They tied lovely wooden bracelets on our wrists as opposed to the general plastic variety. Our personal concierge/butler was awesome throughout the trip. Whenever we run into him on the resort, he always stopped to say hi to make sure everything is going well for us.Room 鈥?Excellent! Just as advertised. Only complaint is the toilet 鈥?separated only by a semi frosted glass door, not a whole lot of privacy here. Blow dryer, standard hotel toiletries provided. Iron and ironing board also available. None of the RS villas have beach views or close to the beach. But trust me, you would rather be close to the lounge and restaurants in the evening.Grounds 鈥?ponds, fountains, palm trees, lush greens, abundance of flowers. Peacocks, peahens and babes roaming about. Resort is really large, we are okay with all the walking but under the intense heat we rode the RS carts a few times. The drivers will stop and ask if you need a ride when they spot you. They take you anywhere you want to go, handy RS perks. Beach 鈥?picturesque. Some seaweed but that is not at all a problem, we are by the sea? We walked down to the Barcelo resorts and in comparison, the Melia beach is much nicer, wider and have significantly less seaweed. RS private beach has a bartender that comes around serving drinks. Earlier in the week the beach was fairly quiet but towards the end it seemed like lot more people arrived at the resort. We never had trouble finding a lounge chair at the beach. There are daily activities, pickup a schedule at the beach activities house. Participated in water aerobics and beach volleyball. The Paradisus resort next door in comparison got way more palapas than the Melia beach though 鈥?regardless of which section of the resort.Pool 鈥?We spent most of the time exploring the resort and the beach. Hung out at the RS pool for an afternoon or two, very quiet and relaxing. There is a Jacuzzi pool in the centre with powerful jets. The Caribe pool and Tropicale pool are busier, but not at all chaotic. Met some nice people at the pool bars there. There are kids throughout the resort but they are usually well behaved. Food 鈥?Tried breakfasts/ lunches at Turey, Agora and Atables. Found Gabbi has the best breakfast and lunch. Although the paella pans at the grill restaurants were very impressive. So many choices for suppers, we tried Gourmet, French, Seafood, Dominican, Italian and Gabbi. No trouble making reservations at all maybe because we were in RS? We preferred later dinner seating anyway. All of the above offers 3 course dinners. We loved that seafood is always on the menu. Beef filet with Lobster fusion at Gourmet was delicious. The Italian restaurant serves late night food until 5 am. Although we never went that 鈥渆arly鈥? we did go for midnight snack complete with mussels and freshly grilled beef. I felt the food met and exceeded my expectations for Dominican Rep All inclusive resorts. Keeping in mind that we were not there for fine dining and the cuisines were their interpretations of French or Italian, etc. Activities 鈥?we kept ourselves busy between lying by the pool or the beach. There is a climbing wall, a zipline and a euro bungee thing ($6 fee). Steam room, sauna and Jacuzzi are free at the spa. Did the Truck Safari tour 鈥?recommended, informative and got some good deals on rum and organic coffee. Left after breakfast returned before supper. Parasailing is expensive compared to Bali but worth it, the view was amazing. Snorkel was fun for amateurs like us, got to feed fishes. Night life tapered off after 11. We were usually too tired to stay up. Our last night there, there was a very happening party at the Avenue Bar, complete with fire breathers and live band. The animation team tried hard to get activities going but not all the vacationer were willing participants. We were disappointed that the water sport Olympics were cancelled. Vacation is what you make of it, even though we both had stomach issues for a day or two, we had a fabulous time. I did not over drink or eat but my partner did. My theory is that my body is just not used to the climate, food, water, and require a period of adjustment. We went with open minds, we did not go there looking for flaws. Another suggestion is to go through the map book 鈥?lots of info. Some folks need to read the fine prints, see what are offered, before they complain. We would recommend this resort and RS to our friends 鈥?knowing that they would enjoy all the perks offered.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>weewilliewonka
<Content>Royal Srvice treats you like Royalty!!! This is strictly a review for the Royal Service! My husband and I spent 10 glorious days in paradise April 23-May 1. From the moment we arrived (which was very late-after 11pm-Royal Service concierge usually closes at 11pm) we were treated like ROYALTY!!! Check in took all of two minutes, we were given a drink and our funky bracelets and drivin directly to our room. Let me start by saying that I had read all the reviews before we left and picked up on some very useful information. I had learned that Nicholas is one of the best butlers so I had emailed the resort directly to request him. After they confirmed that they would make every attempt to meet our request I was in constant contact with Mariyanni-the RS supervisor. I found out that Nicholas has children and asked their ages. This was very helpful since we always bring gifts with us for the staff we were able to bring specific things for his family. Sooooooo, when we meet Nicholas the next morning-he called to introduce himself-we were meet with open arms. I believe that it was because of him that we had such an amazing time. He gave use very personal attention. Our baths were drawn every night with candles and flowers-one night we entered to find rose petals leading to the bath with champagne chilling!! He always made sure our fridge was full of beer(and limes) and brought us wine when we requested it! He bought us the scented pillows when we requested and made our dinner reservations for us. He was very attentive without being in your face-PERFECT! I highly reccommend you request him!!We stayed in building #48-the room couldn't have been better#4823-I think-HUGE-kitchen with full size fridge, dinning table-where we had room service, sitting area, balcony over looking the Gabi restaurant, two plasma tvs, king size bed and huge bathroom area-three sinks all together-and of course the giant tub for two!! The only tiny complaint was the the shower stall is quite small-no room for two!! Our room was always cleaned to perfection and Gladys even left us a bouqet of flowers! We never had any problems with bugs or anything else-it was perfect!The Gabi restaurant and private pool area were right across from our room-very convenient! We ate there for almost all our meals-the food can't be beat anywhere else on the resort-steaks, beef tenderloin (to die for), many kinds of fish, we even requested lobster for our last night (from Marcos) which we got!! The best part was we they don't take reservations so you can eat whenever you want-no time lines, no pressure-have your nap and get up whenever you are ready! There was hardly ever anyone there. After dinner we would get a drink and go sit around the pool or on one of the outdoor beds-again never anyone there!!We are beach people so we spent most of our time at the beach-again no complaints-you have you own sectioned off area with bar service right at your chair! Ask Carlos for a cocoloco-a drink in a coconut-yum! We did spend one entire day at the pool and had a fantastic time. We got up early and got an outdoor bed under a palapa, a giant wicker chair for two, and two lounge chairs with a table. We played scrabble, slept, drank-again service at your chair, brought our lunch to our table. This whole area is really lovely. It is suprisingly quiet-even with lots of children around. Very, very relaxing! This was one of the best vacations we have ever had, and we have had lots, we would go back in a heartbeat and plan on it next year-with our friends and their three children (they love kids there). One piece of advice I have to offer is that you bring lots of one dollar bills for tipping. We probably spent about $100 in tips for ten days-WELL WORTH IT-just include it in the cost of your trip-you won't be dissappointed-the staff will bend over backwards for you! We also brought lots of little gifts-just stuff from the dollar store-toys, crayons, candies-and gave them out to whoever was helpful-it always brought a smile to their faces!Our only complaint is that we easily gained ten pounds each on this trip!! Relax if you have booked Royal Service-totally worth the cost of the upgrade!! Hope this helps-HAVE FUN!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"SO SO Resort" Stayed at Melia for 7days. Positive things: Beautiful grounds, friendly staff, good entertainment. Negative things: ocean is turquoise blue, warm and tranquil but there is grassy seaweed floating in the water all the time. The locals say that is normal all year round. Resort is way TOO BIG to give you four star service and you only get good service if you get the royal service for a lot more $. The girl at check-in made it very clear that if we wanted anything, we would have to come to the front lobby to get it. She wasn't kidding. Walking is a must if you want to get anywhere or wait for the trolleys (20 minutes apart); Food: could be improved all the way around, best restaurant to eat is El Guarapo (Dominican) and the Capri (Seafood), the rest are mediocre at best. The buffet Los Atabales is an open-air restaurant and around dinner time you will see herds of cats by your feet and getting underneath the food tables (not very sanitary). I called it the cats restaurant. You will also see birds picking at the food in the center aisles (usually the fruits an cold cuts sections) at the breakfast  lunch spreads (no big deal to the locals). Don't look for a Tiki Bar on the beach because there isn't one. If you want a drink you will have to walk all the way around the pool to the pool bar. By the time you get back to the beach, your drink is hot. The worst thing ever is the hotel time share people. They will harass you day after day even when you politely decline them. Don't be fooled by the free massage. Other people we talked to, did it and regreted it later because it was a 1/2 day event. We had to be rude to get our message across. Beware for the pedlers on the beach that own the souvenir shops. They will put a necklace around your neck to entice you to visit their shops. Once you go, they will try to sell you things 4 x the real value. One of them even tried to convince us to bring them back food (which we did not). We are Cuban and speak fluent Spanish therefore the language was not a problem but it is clearly an advantage. Everyone assumes you speak Spanish there. If you don't like Spanish music and merengue, don't go there because that is all you will hear all day. Even at the club/disco, they play spanish club music. For us, it was not an issue because we love Spanish music. I picked the Melia Tropical because I thought it would be in the same category as the Melia in Cancun, Mexico. By no means does this even come close as far as it being a luxury hotel. Overall we had a nice time and met great people but we would definitely not go to Punta Cana again especially at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royal Service worth the price! Just got back from the Melia, stayed from June 25th to July 2nd. All and all a great vacation. We did pay for the Royal Service and was definitely worth it. Pool was nice and clean, right across from our villa that we only went to the beach twice. RS makes reservations for you for dinner so that was never a problem. Food was above average for an all inclusive. My husband and I are picky eaters and felt full after meals. Never had any sickness/stomach problems...may have to do with the RS always serving bottled water and filling the room with bottled water everyday. We stayed in the Master Deluxe Suite and the room was beautiful and huge. Only problem we encountered was the language. I got by on my 2 years of high school Spanish...but, some employees spoke better than others. Not a major deal, but at times frustrating. The pillow service at night was a nice touch. I didn't like the fact that tipping was acceptable, after paying alot of money to stay, I didn't want to worry about tipping people. Did tip the bartender at the Gabi Bar $20 and he took care of us for the rest of the week though. Would definitely recommend the Melia to friends.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had the Best Time My friends and I between the ages of 23-29 stayed during the week of June 26th. I thought this place was amazing.Check in-Not a single problem. We were served drinks and taken care of all within not even 20 minutes. We got there around 12 so we had to wait for our rooms. We ate lunch, took the trolly to view the resort, and had a good amount of drinks before we got to our rooms. Rooms-We stayed in the regular junior delux rooms. Beautiful king size bed with four wooden posts. My boyfriend and I stayed in building 35 and it was right next to the pool. We were a nice 10 minute walk to the resturants. We did this a lot. It was quicker than taking the train, but at night the heat wasn't that bad and their usually was a nice breeze. I also tipped the maid each day with either 1 or 2 dollars and a little gift of candy or make up I got at the dollar store. Resturants- I woke up every morning to make reservations. It was a pain because it was usually busy. But I always got the resturant that i wanted. Our favorite places were the Capri, Dominican and American Grill. We also always tipped our servers at least three dollars sometimes more. Trips and activities-We went parasailing (85 dollars for two people), We did a lobster tour through the beach (50 dollars each), We went on a all day trip to Saona Island (83 a person) it was nice but bring bug spray, We also did the banana boat (10 dollars a person) and the best was the scuba doo, (85 a person) you go in the water in your own yellow machine. It was really neat. We had a blast with all the activities. The staff was awesome. I barely spoke any Spanish but they always tried to get you to repeat words to you to help you learn. The staff there were soooo nice. I also got many compliments on how beautiful I was lol. The beach and pools were great. At night we tried to hang out but usually were to tired from the day. We went to a few bars and the casino. Lots of yummy drinks. My favorite was the frozen lemonaid with stoli voldka. We also brought cups with us to keep the drinks cold. Everyone wanted them. We got ours at Target. Bring lots of medicine most of us got sick to our stomachs and spent a lot of time in the bathroom but I think it was from drinking a lot and eatting a lot. But besides that I have no major complaints. Please enjoy if you go.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pr1ncessdee
<Content>Beautiful Resort I visited this hotel from June 23- June 29, 2006. The resort was beautiful. The staff at the most part was amazing.Very friendsly and helpful to make our stay amazing. The grounds were huge. You had to take the train to get from place to place. I went with a group of 17 people. The only bad thing about this resort was they were NOT accomodating with the rooms and reservations for dinner. We did not have our rooms close to each other causing us to take the train to get to each other's rooms. Also we had to wake up at 7:30 am to make dinner reservations and they still were not able to accomodate us. We had to sit in groups of 6 and 7 during dinner. If you a going with a large party MAKE SURE your travel agent sets you up with dinner reservations and room accomodations because you do not want to run into the trouble we did. Also in June I found that it was very family oriented and for a group of 20- 26 yr old we found that all the little kids on the resort to be overwhelming at times. OVERALL it was a great trip !! Also the Capri side was amazing !!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous property, some good some bad My husband and I stayed at the Melia from 6-19 to 6-29 for a little R and R. When you are driving to the hotel you will definitely question if you made the right decision. The areas where the locals live (Anything outside the resorts) is VERY poor. However, once you get to the Melia you are relieved. It is a stunning property. The dominicans are friendly people but knowing a little spanish will help with the language barrier. Yes the resort is very big, however we are active people who were very happy to get some excercise since this is an all inclusive resort. We opted not to take the train often because you would have to wait a while for it to arrive. There are train stations set up all over the resort. There are a few horse drawn carriages as well as golf carts although they are not always available. We did not care for the constant use of the mopeds and trucks by the workers parading around the resort this became somewhat bothersome while you were walking around. the sun is very strong and It is very humid during the summer months so it is good to bring spf 30 and a hat. When you first check in it can go very slow, if you know this up front then you are prepared for it, it took about 45 min and the line was not very long at all. Dominican way of life is alot slower. We enjoyed our room and found it very relaxing after being in the hot sun. Some rooms are more modern then others, we had one of the less modern, another couple we met had a more modern room, however they are all very nice. One issue we did have was a worm that found its way into our bed. I also happend to see what appeared to be a cock roach. You have to understand this hotel is very clean but because it is a tropical resort these critters are going to appear. Needless to say though we were not too happy about that. Be prepared,there are very few areas where it is air conditioned. on the resort. The common areas such as the lobbies bars,buffets are not air conditioned and this took us a while to adjust to gourmet restaurants are air conditioned as well as the casino and of course the hotel rooms. Our first night we had made a reservation at the italian restaurant which was supposed to be air conditioned, however the air was not working that well so they changed our reservation to the chinese, which was much cooler. This was probably the best of the ala carte restaurants. We ate at all except the italian and dominican. Did not care for the meat, it is much different then american and you will not like it. All the restaurants were great except the buffet lunch. They do not have ala carte lunches on the resort and I hate buffet, the buffet breakfast was ok. We wound up just eating breakfast and dinner. You need to call early for reservations, 3pm is only if they happen to have cancellations, we recommend you call at 7 am for best selection. The gourmet, American, Chinese and French are the best by far. The Japanese was like a low grade benny hannahs.One thing you need to be prepared for is feeling queasy and sick. This was more of a problem for me then my husband but he had it towards the end. It wasnt full blown sickness but it was a nauseous feeling with some stomach problems. Not enough to keep us from doing things but enough that I went through a half a bottle of pepto. DO NOT leave home with out it, it will cost 25 dollars in the gift shop. The water even though it is filtered still has some bacteria so even if you are not drinking it which you should not, they do wash out the blenders to make the drinks with tap water. We were told they use a solution but we still saw them using the tap water to rinse things. Other people had issues as well with this. At first I thought it was the food however I stopped eating lunch but still had some drinks and it was still a problem. This was by far the worst part of the trip and We will not return to Punta Cana because of it. The resorts need to do a better job with the filtering of the water and the handling of food. We used hand sanitizer where ever we went as well.Drinks were not great, beer was good, wine was decent The avenue bar by far made the best drinks, Victor is the best bartender. It is also very beautiful at this bar, like a las vegas type of place. The best part of the trip was the beach, it is breathtaking, Dominican has the best beaches probably in the world. They do not have pool or beach side service, except for the royal service area, so if you are looking for that we suggest a boutique hotel. We also suggest the same if you are looking to be alone or secluded, this is not the place for you, it is a very crowded resort. For this reason we did not spend alot of time at the pool although the pool was quite beautiful, there were alot of drunk people that lived at the swim up bar.At first we didnt care for the crowdedness of the resort however we met some wonderful people that we would not have if we were at a smaller resort which made this trip very memorable. All in all we highly recommend this resort it is paradise.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tropical Paradise Village! Preface: I'm a 30-year-old magazine writer who grew up and lives in New York City (so I've seen pretty much seen it all), and I've stayed at many, many hotels and resorts both domestically in the U.S. and abroad. I have a taste for fine accomodations, an attention to detail, and an appreciation of the smaller things in life ... whether they be just simple ones, or even luxurious pleasures. That said, I have to say that whoever wrote a bad review about this resort obviously: a) did not really stay at this resort; b) is so bitter in life that he or she cannot appreciate anything; or c) does not belong travelling abroad, especially to tropical countries. Someone has serious issues if they did not like this beautiful resort village.I stayed at this resort from 6/19-6/26 with a girlfriend, and it was a lovely place for a couple to relax and have some mellow fun. We stayed in a junior suite deluxe (not the Royal Service). The Royal Service has its own thing going on, and it's basically separate from the rest of the resort ... but it looks very posh ... if you want to spend the extra 1,500 for the upgrade.CHECK-IN: It was pretty effortless and easy. We were served a fruit mango juice while we waited. We got in early, so our room wasn't ready until 3 p.m. -- no biggie -- we just ate lunch by the pool and looked around a little.RESORT: The resort is an absolute tropical paradise. The palms are amazing. The grounds are lush and meticulously kept; the groundskeepers maintain the lovely palms, flowers and bushes daily. From the two lobbies all the way back to the beach, every bush, palm, palm tree and bed of flowers is kept beautifully. As an avid gardener, I not only appreciated this very much, but also lapped up the lushness of the entire resort grounds. It's a sprawling resort, so you'll need to do some walking (which really isn't all that bad -- unless you're injured or handicapped). A set of three trolly trains can take you to your stop of choice on their route -- but they get packed around 11 p.m. -- when everyone is either going back to their room, or to the lounge and small bars to hang out. Again, the walk from lobby to lobby, or restaurant to restaurant ... really is not so bad ... and it's great to see the resort at night. It's a tropical wonderland when it's lit up at night ... truly a troical village all its own.Buildings: The buildings are a mix of Mediterranean/Spanish influence with a hint of Victorian inspired columns. It's truly a lovely design. Whoever the designers  architects were for this resort paid great attention to every single detail of the layout, look and feel of the resort. It's very impressive and quite remarkable.ROOM: We stayed in the junior suite deluxe, and it was great. All marble floors, very nice furniture and a great marble bathroom -- signature features of the Melia line of resorts. The king-size bed was super comfy (a great surprise!) and we got great sleep on it. There was a smokey smell when we arrived (smoking is prevalent due to the European visitors), but we burned incense the whole week anyway, so that got rid of it in a flash. = )FOOD: You'll need to book your restaurant dinner reservations in advance ... almost a day ahead of time, but it's not hard to get tables at all. I'm a highly picky eater and very fit ... so I like lots of chicken and fish. No problemo here! I found a healthful breakfast, lunch and dinner every day and night during my stay. I did not hear of many people getting sick ... only one family ... and I think it's because of all of the cheeseburgers, pizza  french fries they ate. (not joking) Since I really only had one dinner at each restaurant, I can't say which was my favorite, but I did enjoy these: Mexican, Chinese, Dominican.BEACH: The beach was really nice, and we were always able to get lounge chairs. The groundskeepers once again took very good care of the beach. There was an occasional cigarette here and there (which is so disconcerting -- why do people use a beach as an ashtray?!) Otherwise, it was free of garbage and mostly white sands with pinkish granules, as well. Very soft underfoot. The water was a bluish-green, and the waves were very gentle. You could wade out and float and not worry about being knocked-down. Very calm and relaxing.VISITORS: During my week, it seemed to be a mix of American, English, French, Dominican, Spanish and German people. There were lots of young-ish couples, and some on their honeymoons! There were families with a mix of children to teens, but kids weren't running all around the resort -- but they were prevalent in one pool. Overall, it felt more like an adult resort. But, the kids have great accomodations with their pool and activities with a Flinstones theme ... very cute.STAFF: The staff was very gentle and helpful overall. We would hear many of the staff members singing while they worked ... and two times ... right to us! It was a lovely thing to see how congenial and happy the Dominican people are. They don't know as much English as staffers in Mexican resorts, though ... so bear with them. A little Spanish goes a long way, and they appreciate that very much. Tipping: Although tipping was included, we tipped often and for almost every drink and definitely at every dinner. We tipped our maid every day, and she put lovely flowers in our bathroom, on our bed, and even made a cute heart out of towles for us. She also gave us an extra bottle of rum, too. We'd tip her three of four dollars a day. Come on folks ... a couple of one dollar bills a day is a lot to them ... and they truly appreciate it. Send some good karma out, and it'll come right back to you. = )WEATHER: We had great sun for the most part of the trip, but it usually rains for an hour or two in the afternoons, and then the sun comes out again. It was hot, but not as humid as say, Mexico ... and it cooled off at night ... so you could wear jeans or dress pants. Lovely breezes at night were refreshing ... especially in the very funky lounge by the Mexican restaurant. They really juice up the drinks and it's a cool vibe at night. It felt like a very cool urban lounge, but without pretentious jerks dropping $300 on a bottle of Grey Goose! It was calm, comfy and mostly laid-back.TOURS: We did the horseback riding, and it was amazing (the all-day Jeep tour looked cool too -- but you need to know how to drive a 5-speed). There's really no need to leave the resort at all. We went through our tour company that was linked to American Airlines -- Prieto Tours. We ened up doing a two-hour ride ... and were the only ones left for the second hour, so we basically had a private tour. They take you to an even bigger beach (you almost feel like you're on the set of Lost) ... so amazing ... no one around ... except for the Breezes Resort off in the distance. Our guide took us to the edge of the beach, and through the mango/coconut groves for about half an hour ... all through a rainstorm! It was amazing ... and he chopped down two coconuts for us, and we drank from them. Very cool. They tasted more fruity, than like traditional cocnuts. We truly felt like the only sould on a deserted island beach. We also got to gallop with the horses along the beach ... man, can they boogie! Very fun.KEEP IN MIND: Please keep in mind that the staff is there to help you, and being nice is very much appreciated. We saw a few rude people, and didn't understand why you'd be so salty on a tropical vacation! Relax, enjoy the paradise village, have some tastey drinks (Passion Colada is greaaaaat!) and mellow out. Afterall, that's what you're there for, right?So, to sum it up ... as a very picky traveler and eater, and a beach/sunshine worshipper, I can only say: Book this trip! You'll have a lovely time, especially if you're a couple.Happy travels to you!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved every minute Had an absolutely wonderful time at the Melia Caribe which is why we returned some three years after an initial trip in 2003. The place is truly awesome and as far as we were concerned the only down side was the fact we had to return home! How can you beat two amazing size pools, a wonderful beach, friendly people, great restaurants and the fact that the hotel even arranged a mini bar outside the Fun Pub on the day of England's opening game of the World Cup at 9.00 a.m.!The only downside and it was hardly that is the fact you have to be patient in making reservations in the A La Carte Restaurants but we managed to get in to every one we wanted to.The rooms are lovely and ours was just perfect, near to the pool which meant that after an evening up at the lobby you could spend a few minutes walking off the stresses of a lovely evening! We even got into the habit of going to the Casino which was probably a bit of a mistake really as the roulette wheel is somewhat addictive but still great fun!We went on three trips which were outstanding (costing only about 拢38 each) and if you get to meet Sammy on the Safari you have met one of the nicest people ever - what a star!Would highly recommend it to anyone and if you can find anywhere to match this place at a similar price then I would dearly love to hear about it!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely an amazing PARADISE!       View from the lunch/breakfast cafe  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical (Paradise) Our group included 14 members from the ages of 3 - 52. Each and every one of us had an awesome time, and are counting down the days unti l we can return to paradise. The food was wonderful, the staff very cheerful and helpful. the diffference in language was a bit of a small problem but turned out to be actually sort of enjoyable just a little more time consuming. The roooms were very clean, there was plenty to do, our kids were worn out each and every nite and slept like babies. the security was perfect , we never felt threatened or in danger as there were security people in evidence. Riding the train made it easy to get around, there was a contrant breeze blowing during the day which made the weather enjoyable, it did become a bit sticky in the evenings if you were walking about. The casino was small but most enjoyable.None of us can find anything bad to say about our trip. I have been in Acapulco Jamica and Florida The Bahama's Montreal San Francisco and this is by far our most enjoyable trip  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>patLosAngeles
<Content>Amazing Resort.. Incredible Service!! Just returned from this fabulous resort. Arrived June 20, and stayed for 8 days. First let me say that we did have Royal Service, it was well worth the upgrade. Service was amazing. Everbody was so, so friendly. We have been to many resorts, many countries such as, Sandals in Jamiaca, Cancun, Bahamas, The Ritz in Puerto Rico, Paris, Puerto Vallarta, Ixtapa, Cabo and so on. And I have to admit this was the best RESORT and the best SERVICE we have ever experience. Amazing people!Food: Excellent, very tasty and delicious. We pratically tried all restaurants.Pool: Very clean.Beach: Clean and beutifull.Bottom Line: Amazing Resort, Amazing People, Amazing Beach and Amazing Food. Will we go again, YES. We already booked to return in December and are looking to buy their timeshare.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Eriegurl
<Content>Melia Caribe too large of a resort Our resort- The Melia Caribe Tropical was too large that you had to take a train to get from one side to the other. Which could be a wait from 15 minutes to 1/2 hour. The lobby and restaurant were on one side and our room and pool and beach was on the other side. You could walk it but it was so humid it felt like 100 and by the time you got to where you were going you would be all hot and sweaty.Our Apple Rep- Was awful and didnt give us the right information about anything except the food quality at one buffet.The Restaurants- The poolside buffets were good for breakfast and lunch. For dinner at any of the specialty restaurants you needed to make a reservation by 7 am the previous day to get in at any of them We ate at the Japanese Hoikaido which was wonderful just like home almost. It was Hibatchi style and the food was great. Very good portions lets just say you left full. The next night we ate at the American Grill which was ok. I got steak and it was just like Ponderosa. But it was steak none the less. Our rep told us not to eat at the La Estables for anything and he was right about this because we had to eat there the first night and it was gross. Open air building which was warm and there were bugs on some selections.Our flight with USA 3000 on the way home was awful. We were originally supposed to leave at 11 am and our flight got delayed until 8 then delayed again until 9 then again until 10 finally we left on a plane that we originally were told had techincal difficulties and faulty landing gear. Let's just say with flight home was a white knuckled flight.Language- Your best bet if you dont know Spanish to bring a translator book. Its the only way you will be able to get your point across. No one spoke english and if they did it was very little. It took a half hour to convey anything to them.Our excursion- We went on the trip to the Sanoa Island which we were not told it would take 2 hours from our resort to get to the marina. We took a speed boat the the island which was beautiful but we got bombarded over and over by locals selling jewelry and women trying to get you to let them braid your hair or give you a massage. I just wanted to lay on the beach and relax but couldnt. Finally after 2 hours we got to take a Catamaran back to the marina in which we got caught in a rain/wind storm on the Caribbean and it took 1 1/2 hours to get to. The workers on the boat except for our tour guide and capitan and a few members of the team were drunker than a skunk. They kept passing around bottles of Rum and Beer to the people and were drinking more than we were. It was a very scary experience to be caught in a storm with thunder and lightening with people you knew were waisted.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay well clear!! We got robbed!! Well we had a very interesting holiday when we went. We got robbed on the complex (by a member of staff we think!!). Just watch the hotel porters, they dont get paid much so they look out for things to take. They took all our money and passports too!!The food was OK but its not excellent. We must have been ill for about 5 days out of 14. Which isnt too good! People says it got to do with the ice cubes but i think its the overall hygene of the food and chefs. Good selection of restaurants.Beach is nice but hey I havnt been to a bad beach anywhere in the world!The bar staff were what make it a bearable holiday. Pretty friendly.But would never go backStay away. Go if you want to get robbed!!! We got 拢200 back off of the tour operator cos of our troubles.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute Paradise at Melia Caribe We were at the Melia Caribe Tropical June 4-9. We do travel quite a bit to resorts and tropical destinations but this was my first time in Punta Cana and specifically Melia Caribe Tropical. I actually spent two nights prior to Melia Caribe at the Paradisus Palma Real --work related-- which was impressive as well but I'll be honest the Royal Service Rooms are virtually identical to the one's at Palma Real. I almost felt like I didn't leave Paradisus which is a complment to Melia Caribe. We liked most of the restaraunts, the only one that didn't make much an impression to me was the International. However the French, Mexican and Japanese were fantastic and Dominican Restaraunt was good as well. We ate at the Gaby Club breakfasts and the RS Poll has a grill that turns out Fish Sandwiches, Hamburgers and Hot Dogs. Be careful with the hot dogs, it was the only thing I ate that didn't agree with me. Everything else was wonderful We mostly ate, drank, and hung out at the pool and beach . The Bali Beds which are poolside were my favorite part of the trip, I was tempted to buy one when I came back! Didn't take part in the nightlife but I heard the show is kind of cheesy in a fun way. The casino was nice and there was a nice bar outside the ala carte restaraunts that was pretty neat. The lobby bar was nice also, the only problem is that it was too hot being summer time but bartenders were friendly. The Royal Service Lounge was nice to have. I could check my email, grab a crossant or sit in the a/c while sipping wine. The Staff was friendly and accomodating. We honestly didn't have much in the way of demands but I'm sure if we needed something they would help out. The Resort is large but if you take advantage of the train otherwise the walking helped counter all the food and drink we consumed. We did get room service a couple times and very efficient. The rooms were awesome, we had so much space with a living room, dining room, bedroom with two plasma t.v.'s, the jacuzzi (we never took advantage of the Butler filling the tub for us but it was nice and relaxing to soak in there) Our view was just ok, a nice tropical green lawn with the road leading to the resort but it was nice and quiet and we were very comfortable. If I go back there again, I'll request block 51, it was close to the pool and a five minute walk to the beach. The beach was phenomonal, The Royal Service side seems quieter than the otherwise active side with the watersports, etc. But from what I can tell looking down the beach it's not like Spring Break Cancun. There is a lot of activity (ie: Volleyball, Watersports) but it didn't seem overwhelming. Our bartender was very attentive, be sure to get the Coco Loco. They have a market Thursday nights where you can buy Rum, Cigars, souvinirs, etc. You can bargain with them and probably walk away with some good deals. The House Rum Brugall was very tasty and Presidente was drinkable. The spa is the only thing that was lacking. We got a couples massage and it was relaxing but the waiting area and locker room weren't very fung shui, they could probably renovate that area but the treatment itself was awesome. We spent most of our time at the Royal Service Pool but I did see the Main Pool on Caribe Side and it seem very active with games etc. but not overly crowded and certainly relaxing. The Royal Service was just heavan to me Omar, the pool attendent was excellent (along with the other one's he's just the only one I remember the name of) the pool bar is great however beware of the bees, you will most likely just get a drink and swim away...quick. I've noticed that many mention the language barrier and yes it's sometimes challenging but they do everything in their power to communicate and help you so be patient and remember, probably they speak more english than we do spanish. So all in all, loved it woud go back in heartbeat, in fact it's on our shortlist for our wedding next year (my boyfriend proposed to me on this trip) so that should be a good indication that it's decent enough to return to. My only big suggestion is go Royal Service to ensure a near perfect experience! If you have any questions please feel free to contact me and if anyone had any wedding experiences I'd appreciate the feedback on that. Thanks!lena_vitali@hotmail.com  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Place!! This was our second trip to Punta Cana. We stayed at the Iberostar Punta Cana 2 years ago and loved it. We decided to give Melia Caribe Tropical a try and were happy we did, we did 6 days, 5 nights. The check in was rushed and the girl was rude, it was an adventure to find our room. The grounds are beautiful and spotless, plenty of room at the pools and beaches.The room was beautiful and had plenty of space, the room was always clean, and the air conditioning was great.Good food (11 restaurants to choose from). Reservations are required 24 hrs in advance. There is also a buffet that doesn鈥檛 require reservations. There is another buffet by the pool beach area so that was great for breakfast and lunch.Dress casual, and wear comfortable shoes. Depending on where your room is and if you don鈥檛 opt for the 鈥淩oyal Service鈥? you can look forward to a 15 minute walk to 鈥渞estaurant row. They have a train service but it is terrible. It is faster to walk rather than to wait for the train, and the train may be full.Avoid the gift shop, there is a local flea market just a 10 minute walk up the beach, the vendors are easily chewed down.As any other all inclusive resort, the drinks are weak, if you tip the bartenders they will bring the drinks up to speed.All in all, we loved the resort and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best family vacation ever!!!! We went for a three day vacation to this hotel and got the Royal Service Package. It was amazing! We were treated like royalty. The food was excellent. We had dinner at Le Gourmet and Capri Restaurants, both great. Loved the jacuzzi in the room, and the staff was very friendly. I have to highly recommend this resort, and I sure will go back in the near future.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation Stayed for six nights and loved it the whole time. Food was good, people were friendly, and resort was beautiful. Plenty to do, pools were large and the bars were pouring. Will definitly come back.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MamboMusic
<Content>Believe Me!! Awesome stay with Royal Service! My wife and I stayed at Royal Service (RS) 9-13 May and we could not ask for anything else. My parents are from DR and I took my wife here recommended by other satisfied visitors. Here's the breakdown of our stay:Check-In/Check-Out: We got here late afternoon since we drove from Santo Domingo from visiting family. Check-In at RS was smooth. We got taken care of quickly and got mimosas and a wet towel to refresh ourselves. Check-out was a breeze. No complaints at all.Room/Service: The rooms at RS are great. We stayed at Room 5008 with a garden view. All RS rooms have a jacuzzi, Euro-Bath, complementary bottle of Brugal Rum, Beer, water and natural juices in miniba, flat-panel TV in living room area. With RS you get Room Service, a butler who sets your jacuzzi, pillow menu. Overall, they're very attentive to your requests. Beach/Pool/NightLife: RS has their own beach area with bar and workers clearing the beach from seaweed every morning! Also, the RS pool looks like a lounge, very trendy! The pool has two jacuzzi areas, swim-up bar, and snack bar. The nighttime shows are entertaining and fun with some of the choreography very hilarious but they work their butts off. The Avenue Bar area is cool too with different themes a couple of times a week! Also, we went to Mangu Disco at another resort. Taxi was $10 each way, entrance is $6. The place was packed by the time we had left, but the music was good.Food/Restaurants: Melia has 11 restaurants to choose from. The French and Hibachi restaurants are very good. The Dominican restaurant was Ok. The Grill at the RS pool was very good! I had the beef tenderloin and it was delicious. You can have buffet breakfast and lunch here too! Great food. Unfortunately, my stomach was upset 3 out of the 4 days there because I do have a weak stomach. My wife was perfectly fine. Just be careful with what you eat depending on your stomach. Overall, you can find a whole variety of foods to eat.We're trying to plan on going very soon. It was a great stay!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe....Paradise found We just returned from a week at the melia Caribe (June 4th thru June 9th)...putting it in one word...paradise. I did a lot of research on the web trying to decide on which place to stay in Punta Cana....looking at all the reviews of all the places I realized no one place had all good reviews. We decided on the Melia Caribe and could not be happier with our choice.Resort Grounds were just beautiful...very lush and very clean. The pool was outrageous...huge and very clean. the swim-up bar was a treat. Never had a problem finding lounge chairs or a shady area...at all times, there were open areas. The beach was beautiful...again, they keep the area very clean...the water was wonderful and lounge chairs and shade was easy to find.The rooms were great...we did not spend the extra money for the Royal Service and that was fine. Air Conditioning work very well, the room was a good size and very clean, including the bathroom. Maid service was good each day.The food...mostly good. Breakfast and lunch buffets were good. Fresh cooked omlettes every morning and a decent choice for lunch. The dinner buffet was a bit of a disappointment..not a lot of choices...we only did that once. We loved the American Grille and the chinese restaurant. We also ate at the Capri (seafood) - it was okay but had a very limited menu.nightly entertainement at the Caribe was fun. All of the staff were excellent...very friendly and very helpful. A few dollars as tips here and there were much appreciated and they always remembered you after that. If you are not interested in the Melia Club ( sort of like a time share deal) try to avoid the presentation....they say it will only be 30 to 60 minutes...we did it and it was almost 2 hours...it was very nice but we didn't purchase it.All in all...it was a wonderful vacation and we would go back there agaian and again. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Great !!!! WE went on 06 May 2006 for a week, it was fantastic. I read all the reviews both good and bad, and must say, the bad ones had me a bit leary about what to expect, but man were those negative ones ever misleading. WE simply loved every minute of it and so did all 40 other people in our group. (WEDDING).The RESORT - Amazing, Beautiful, Clean, huge. The POOLS - (2) Beautiful, Huge, clean, Pool bar was great as was the service and the pool grill had good food selection all day.The BEACH - Beautiful, Clean except for the usual seaweed along the shore which was raked up every morning but accumulated over the course of the day. Lots of shade trees to cool off when needed.THE ROOMS -Beautiful, good size, marble bathrooms, and this was not the royal sweet either, just the regular rooms, we had king sized bed wich was very comfortable.The FOOD - was anywhere from good to excellent. Lots of choices at both the pool grill and the buffet areas. We tried the Italian, French, Japanese, American, and they were all great. Very little problems getting reservations. If they were full in the am, we'd call again in the afternoon around 4pm and we got what we wanted. Those who complained must have the same complaints at home. Only a few in the group got sick, may just be from eating different foods or simply drinking more than they are accustomed to which is usually the case. THE SERVICE -Only the odd few hic-cups when we checked in like the safe wasn't accepting our card, but no big deal. It was sorted out immediately. I left 1-2 US dollars on the pillow every day for the maid and tipped the bartenders/waiters and cooks only every so often, but service was excellent either way. MOSQUITOES - I got bit once only when we went to the KIDS show. We were out every night until well after midnight and did not see or feel any mosquitoes anywhere else, even when we walked back to our rooms. One from our group had a few mosquites in her room on arrival, but that's it. There were apprx 40 of us and many of us spoke with other guests there and everyone had the same comments, we can't figure out what the people who gave bad reviews had to complain about. I'm sure they're the type that conplain no matter where they are unless they are served hand and foot like royalty or something.The only complaint we had was with the train service. It is actually a tractor pulling 2 carts with seats for passengers. They have 2 and we were staying close to the beach/pool area so to go for dinner which was a 10-12 minute walk, it was very hot but many times the 2 trains were one after the other and if we missed the 2nd one, it would take almost 45mins to an hour to catch the next one and get to the main lobby where the dinner was being served. So we'd walk, but by the time we got to the lobby, we'd almost be soaked from sweat. As for some people complaining about the fumes from the train, all you have to do is sit a few rows back from the front and it's not a problem. Again, she must have sat in the front seat just so she could find something to complain about. Some people are like that. RECOMMENDATIONS - Bring lots of US 1 dollar bills for handy tipping. Also bring your own sunscreen, mosquito repellent, toiletries etc, very expensive there. Also a larger insulated type glass/cup to reduce the trips to the bar, bartenders don't mind filling them. Beer is nice and cold, but taste takes getting used to. The dress code in the Dinner restaurants calls for nil t-shirt, jeans etc, but we wore both and still got in, they do not allow halter type T-shirts though for men. May be a good idea to pack one good pair of pants and a golf shrt in case. Overall, all I can say is, prepare to enjoy yourself, that's guaranteed.!!! Let the complainers fester in their own warped memories. You absolutely cannot go wrong spending a week or 2 in this place.......I promise.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort I have to say that after reading severally of the bad reviews, I was becoming hesitant about even going. But since already was already paid I had no choice and I'm so glad that I did go, because the melia caribe tropical was absolutley wonderful. I actually just got back - stayed an entire week from 6/3-6/10. My only advise is to get out of the resort atleast once if you are staying for a week - you might go a little crazy from all the sun. The resort has a wonderful staff the will help you with anything that you would like to do. The food was very good. I am a very pickie eater and I enjoyed every last bit. Only one person from my group (6 women) got sick - but I think that it was the alcohol and not the food. The pools were beautiful. The landscaping well kept (especially in that hot weather, I felt so bad for the workers) Like so many people have writing please check your attitudes at the door and remember that these people work very hard and although tipping is not necessary it is very much appreciated. I will also suggest that if you want to have a good drink then see Johnny, he's one of the bartenders in the tropical lobby. He does great tricks and is very pleasant and if you tell him to suprise you he will make you drinks that are to die for. Just enjoy the island paradise, I know that I did. Yours truly, just one of the girls  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Looking forward to going back nex year! I just came back from my June 1st - June 4th trip to Melia Caribe Tropical. First off, let me say that this resort is absolutely beautiful. The landscaping is gorgeous and well-maintained and it makes you feel like you are in paradise. The resort is sprawling, but if you ask me it makes for an interesting stay. Even though you are on a resort, there is a feeling that you are 鈥済oing out鈥?when you take a trolley, because not everything is contained in one single area. You are exposed to different venues, different views, different foods and different faces! On this resort, there is ALWAYS something to do. Activities on the beach, live entertainment, the restaurants, the outings, the casino, different bars and the disco gives you a variety of things to do. Or you can just chill by the pool or the beach. And the beach is WONDERFUL. The ocean is warm; the sand is white and the water crystal clear. Just Gorgeous. The beach is not the only thing that is gorgeous. So is the staff of this resort. Beautiful people that are warm and friendly and helpful, especially when you smile. I really appreciated the wide selection of restaurants. The French restaurant is 鈥渙ff the hook鈥?(amazing); and the Japanese restaurant is pretty good as well. I would not recommend the 鈥淎merican Grill鈥? I must say, that even though I had a great time, I did experience a small glitch in my trip. One night I went to the resort disco, and when I came back to my room at 2.30am (I was alone), I found myself locked out of my room. I had to walk back out to the trolley stop and call the front desk for help, and was told that someone was coming right now to open the door for me. Well, 3 phone calls later from the trolley stop, 2 phone calls from my mother鈥檚 room (on the other side of the resort), 1 phone call from my next door neighbors (luckily they were just coming in at 3 am after spending the night out) and 1 hour later, somebody finally showed up to open my door. Now, the resort seems really safe and secure during the daylight hours, but at 2.30 in the morning, being female, being alone, the resort is VERY dark. The lobby is a 20-minute walk away and there were no security guards in sight. It doesn鈥檛 matter how safe somebody says a place is; it doesn鈥檛 feel that way under those circumstances. That being said, the next day I spoke with the Manager of Guest Services, William Guerrerra, and he did everything is his power to make amends for the inconvenience of the previous night. I was given a letter of apology signed by the Service Director of the resort, and I also received a complementary 陆 hour massage at the resort spa (which was very relaxing). William even went as far as to make my travel arrangement for me from the resort back to the airport on my departure date when he found out I was having trouble with that arrangement. And he did this with the utmost respect and professionalism towards me, and I am very thankful for his efforts. And to the hotel鈥檚 credit, the very next night when I looked out my window I noticed security EVERYWHERE, so I was assured that they took this incident very seriously in the steps to protect their guests from something like this happening again.Ok, back to the good stuff. I had a wonderful time, and I recommend this resort to travelers. I am also looking forward to making a return trip next year. Recommendations:1. For those susceptible to mosquitoes 鈥?please carry bug spray. I was EATEN ALIVE in my room. I guess this is sort of hit-and-miss as my mother, aunt and cousin only had 1 bite between the 3 of them, I counted 10 on my body collected in about 48 hours. But I did notice that room doors are left open when housekeeping mops your floors in order to dry the floors rapidly, and the bugs can collect in your room at this time. So even if you kill many of them one night, the very next day you may have a new batch.2. Be careful of the taxis at the airport! I was lead over to the taxi and got in and then was informed that the trip to the resort will be $35USD. Luckily I had read the reports before on the Trip Advisor site and knew that the maximum charge should be $25. I told them I knew what the fare was and started to get out of the car when I told them that I will not pay that amount and then they said ok, and charged me $25 instead.3. Market vendors are VERY persistent, almost bordering pushy 鈥?a very firm no thanks and walking away is about the only way you can get away if you are not trying to purchase their goods.4. Sunscreen. Sunscreen. Sunscreen. Did I forget to mention sunscreen? The sun is very strong, it is constant direct sunlight. I know of guests who were sunburned or had heat blisters as early as their second day of their stay. Yeah, a tan is nice, but rapid tanning is not worth the pain. Do you really want to spend the rest of your vacay indoors or in pain? I had SPF 70. Seems extreme but I came back home nice and dark and no peeling just after 4 days!5. Leave your inhibitions at the door! There is topless sunbathing. Very liberating. And you know what they say 鈥?when in Rome 鈥?6. Have fun! How can you not at Melia Caribe Tropical!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hamishmc
<Content>First Class Service at the Melia Caribe Did a week at the Breezes hotel then stayed at the Melia Caribe. Oh my , the 2nd week was very impressive from the minute we arrived at the Melia.We were directed straight to the Royal Service VIP lounge , given a really stylish/classy All inclusive Royal Service wrist band, allowed to use the lounge for Free internet Access, Tv , free drinks and personally driven to our Suite. It was a Master Suite with huge lounge area, 2 flat screen TVs , kitchen area, Super kinsize bed, Shutter doors in bedroom to the Jacuzzi, large multi jet marble shower and 3 wash basins.The Buttler gave us a tour before saying that If we needed him to run our bath then he would come and put petals and fragrances in the hot tub for us or anything else we required, just to call him.We had unlimited , free room service and a huge mini bar fridge full of soft drinks and beer.The room was right next to the Royal service private area which was just perfect. Own outdoor shadded double beds with palm shadded cover, loungers build into the pool , some with shades over. 2 Jacuzzis in the middle of the pool surrounded by roman Columns. There was a swim up bar and people running to the bar for us all day bringing back cocktail after cocktail. The RS restaurant was ok but flies were annoying, they had a salad bar area etc inside a sliding electric door but flies still got in that room too. RS snack food bar was nice with hotdogs, burgers ,fries, Mr whippy Icecream on tap *very nice* except it ran out of vanilla for last 2 days. They had allsorts on the snack bar menu from Wraps, nachos , etc etc etc. The Royal Service was just fabulous, well worth it. Hotel grounds were great. Tropical gardens, Peacocks, Flamingos, and many wildlife. I picked fresh bananas. Lucsious variet of Palm trees everywhere, Ponds and water features all over, We loved it all.Would definately go back to the Melia Caribe.9/10. ~Only food let it down a bit , especially breakfast and bread tasted like Cake.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>riesek2003
<Content>Most beautiful grounds! My wife, 6 year old, and 9 month old (along with my self), just came back from an 8 night stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical resort. It's not a 5 star, but it is at least a four star +.HOTEL ROOM:We stayed in Buillding 3, room 0307. It was 50 feet from the Tropical pool. Although we did NOT stay in the Royal Service (RS), we had a great time. RS would have cost us $1680 U.S.D. more, so we chose NOT to take it. The regular jr suites are nice. However, if you get a bottom floor, be prepared to find the room smelling a little musty when you first check in. Once the air conditioning was on for a few hours, the smell dissipated. Also, if you choose to be on the first floor and your patio faces the path that the trolley takes, then you may hear the trolley until about 2 in the morning. Also, If you have children, or you plan on being at the pool and/or beach for most of your stay, then make sure you get a room closest to the beach/pool area. YOU WILL THANK ME LATER!! If you get a room closer to the lobbies of the Tropical or Caribe main buildings, then you will have to walk or take the trolley all the time to the pool/beach area. It is a hike!RESTURANTS:Food is a very subjective thing. So here goes. We loved the American Grill, La Gourmet, the Japanese Steakhouse, and Ma Maison (French). We felt those were the 4 that we really liked. As for the Italian one, all I can say is that it is not Italian. We also did not care for the international buffet. Of the resturants, these 2 were our least favorite ones. We did not eat at the Capri, or Chinese resturants, so we cannot speak about how they are.FOOD OVERALL:We ate breakfast and lunch at the buffet next to the Tropical pool (same as buffet at Caribe Pool). We stayed away from the meats and cheeses that are sweating in the heat. We only ate HOT foods from the hot sections of the buffet. I personally had steak everyday at the grill. MMM MMM GOOD!PLEASE NOTE: NONE OF US GOT SICK FROM THE FOOD! I REPEAT, NONE OF US GOT SICK. So if, you're petrified of getting food-borne sicknesses give it a rest!!! POOL:We mainly stayed at the tropical pool because it was mainly families there, and the kids club was there. However, the Caribe pool is just as nice. Although, because the Tropical pool was the first pool built at this resort, it would seem the vegetation/plants/trees were much more dramatic and fuller at the Tropical pool vs. the Caribe Pool.BEACH:What can I say, it's gorgeous. I live on the West coast of Florida and nothing here compares to the Bavaro beach at the Melia Caribe resort. I walked up and down the beach and it would seem Melia is one of the only resorts that keep their beach front pristine. The other hotels had nasty seaweed strewn all over the beach.GO AND HAVE A GOOD TIME! BE WARNED: YOU ARE ON DOMINICAN TIME. SO PUT AWAY YOUR ATTITUDES AND TAKE A DEEP BREATH AND ENJOY. RELAX AND DO NOT BE PUSHY TO THE DOMINICAN STAFF. THEY WORK HARDER THAN ANY ONE I KNOW. AND THEY DO IT WITH A SMILE!Email me if you have any questions: riesek2003@yahoo.comCordially,KrieseClearwater, Florida  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Take Immodium, Pepto, and bug spray We just returned from the resort. It was absolutely gorgeous with lush tropical plants and flowers and palms. There are peacocks and flamingos along the cobblestone path. The beach has white sand and the water is turquoise and very clear. The lobbies are very nice and modern. The bathrooms are clean and well kept. This was the nicest resort we have ever stayed at. We usually walked from our room to the restaurants and to the pool, but there are two little trollies that come around. Sometimes you have to wait a while for those. We had a group of 8, 4 couples. There were many families and couples with lots of kid activities. It is not really a place for singles looking to mingle. The beer is Presidente which is good, it is the only type of beer. They serve a lot of Rum and the frozen drinks are yummy. There is a casino, a small disco, and nightly shows for entertainment. The staff is very fun and friendly. I felt very safe on the resort, but I don't recommend leaving and going into the town. 5 of our group did get sick with diarrhea and one with both vomiting and diarrhea. Most of the food was decent. There is buffet for breakfast and lunch and several restaruants to choose from for dinner. The japanese food was excellent and they cook right in front of you on the grill. This would be a very beautiful resort for a wedding. It would make great pictures. We had a very fun time and would recommend it to a friend. We also went down to view the Paradisus and it was also beautiful. It has a quieter, more adult atmosphere and it had any beer or liquor that you wanted. You will have a wonderful time if you remember to take these 3 things: Immodium, Pepto, and bug spray.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ellalhinchley
<Content>Royal Service, Paradise, A must go holiday!!!!!!!! We have just arrived back from a fabulous 2 week holiday. We upgraded before we went to the Royal Service which was well worth every penny! The Check in/out was very pleasant and was greeted by RS staff with Champagne, this is great especilly after a 9 1/2 hour flight. We were then taken to our room by Edward who showed us where everything was, he was lovely.The Royal Service Pool/Beach area was fantastic as you weren't disturbed by noisy children, although the children in this area were very well behaved. All the staff at the RS were fantastic and would do anything for you, if you gave someone a good tip they would always look after you well each time they saw you. We were always at the RS beach everyday as it was too hot by the pool and we were looked after very well by Felix, he brought drinks to us all the while. We also looked after him at lunchtime and brought him back some lunch, he liked that!The Restaurants: Some were good, some were awful! We really enjoyed the Gabi (RS Restaurant) the A La Carte menu was very good, however, they only change this every 6 months and got a bit tedious if you ate in there more than a few times. The Italian was really good as was the Japanese. The Gormet and the Chinese was so awful that we ended up walking out during our meal as the food was just horrible. I asked for a soft drink in the Chinese and had to wait 20 mins for it and after asking for it twice! I could understand this if they were busy but they weren't! At breakfast time we were looked after by Roberto, he is new but he is a star and was the best in the Gabi Restaurant, he is a credit to the RS Area. At lunchtime we ate at the Beachside Restaurant, this was ok, you had your chips, pizzas, burgers etc. Be careful as some food had been laying around and I happened to get a sickness and Diaharreoa bug from hear and ended up in hospital for a day and a half costing $1407! Make sure you take travel insurance because they sting you and will not let you out of the hospital without paying even with insurance! There were a few people from the hotel gone down with the same thing so be careful. Mind you the hospital did say that it might not have been the food, could be different climate, drinking, eating or even the birds touching the table in retaurants!We were a little bit disappointed with the amount of seaweed on the beach as we were told by other reviews that a tractor picked it up every morning, sometimes they left it for a good few days.With Royal Service you had a Jaquzzi in your room of which you could request a time for someone to come and run it for you with which ever scent you wanted, they put petals and flowers all around, nice touch to end a hard working dayof sunbatheing! We were told to put $1 bill's out each day for the house keeper and they would look after you, thats rubbish, somedays they didn't even bother to replenish what we had drank out of the fridge, if you asked them something they would not understand you whatsoever. We did leave a few goodies for them when we left though!There is a good 10 minute walk to the beach from the RS Villas. There is supossed to be a lift to the beach every 10 minutes of which I beg to differ sometimes. However, we gave $10 to one of the guys and everytime he saw us, no matter what he was doing or where he was going he would take us where ever we wanted!No hassle from any time share people. I was a bit worried about this as was told we would get hasseled all the while. You do get a little bit hassled on the beach but if you say 'No thank you' they just leave you.The gardeners really looked after the grounds and they really do look fantastic all the while.If you are wanting to get married and you are in two minds I would say go for it as the whole wedding package and Wedding Dome looks out of this world. My partner and I are going back next year to get married and I just cant wait.The weather was great all the while, we did have an afternoon of cloud but we were greatful of it as it was just so hot all the while. If you want breeze then you will be better by the beach as by the pool it is just a dead heat! I can not wait to go back!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A dream vacation       RS private pool  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mixer360
<Content>Dean        RS Gabi Restaurant  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jameswh0
<Content>VIP Treatment is worth it       Pool  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stclaisa
<Content>Fabulous! We stayed on the Royal Suites side from April 22 - May 7. Absolutely loved it. It was more than I expected. We were kind of worried as there were a few comments on here about how it wasn't that great of a resort but I really think that those comments were way off! We got married in the Gazebo on April 25th and it was perfect. There wasn't one glitch. We got the trio to sing which I highly recommend as they were great. Angleica and Laurie (the coordinators) were great, even if not always on time. Hey, I figure your on vacation so no worries. We had our wedding dinner at LeGourmet which I highly recommend. They were so great there and made it really personal for us. The beach and pools are awesome. I love the beach and didn't find the seaweed that bad. It was more just like little pieces of grass. Sand is gorgeous and they try really hard to keep it clean. We hung out mostly by the Turey area, not the Royal Suites and we liked it there better as there was more activity there. The pools are great. You have to be careful at the Caribe and Tropical pools as they tend to be really slippery if you are wet and I saw a lot of people fall. We mainly hung out at the Royal Suite pool as I found that more relaxing and more personalized service. All the food there was good I thought. I am really not that picky and always found stuff that I liked. My husband is super picky and he always was able to find something also. The a la carte restaurants were excellent. We tried everything but the American. The only bad one was LaGondola (Italian). The service and whole atmosphere was horrible. But for lunch it was great, so I don't know whether it was management or what. I think the best were LeGourment and MaMasion. The grounds were unbelievable. They work so hard to keep them that way, and the peacocks and flamigos were beautiful. The train was usually on time every 15 mins which we didn't find to be a problem at all. Your on vacation so why hurry anywhere. I recommend definately going around on it a couple of times to get your bearings as it is a massive resort. All in all it was a great vacation. We just relaxed the whole time and didn't need for anything. It is a awesome resort in which they make you feel so welcome. I would definately recommend it and would go back there again.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>prallmax
<Content>Great Vacation and at a truly beautiful resort. My wife and I have just returned from a truly wonderful time at the Melia Caribe Tropical. We were there from 5/15 to 5/21 and would have stayed longer except we were really missing our children. I used TripAdvisor quite a bit when I was planning my vacation. I read just about every review that I ever saw about the Melia and continued to read them after I had booked our trip. At first I was a little concerned about some of the negative reviews, but I can tell you that I am not sure those people could ever be happy. Not to mention how can you give a resort a bad review because the weather was bad or the road to the resort was bumpy. This resort is really a great place and I would highly recommend it to anyone. I will try and give you a brief play-by-play of my experience in hopes that it will help answer any questions that you might have. It was all open air and you de-planned via stairs rather then the traditional jetway. We did not pre-book transportation to the resort but finding a taxi was easy. Our driver was very nice and spoke decent English. (Remember, you are in a foreign country and not everyone here is fluent in English, but they know enough to understand most requests.) The taxi was 25$ to the hotel and took about 15-20 min. I am not sure where some of the complaints about check-in were coming from. Once we arrived we had no problem with checking in. We were given a room in building number 28 and were in out room in about 20 minutes from arriving. I would recommend if they are available to get a room a little closer to the pools and the beach. It was about a 5-10 minute walk to the beach (no big deal) but closer to the beach is better then to the lobby. As everyone has said before the grounds are really beautiful. The pool is great! It was never very crowded and we never had any problems getting a chair. In fact, we would get to the pool between 9 and 10am and still basically had our pick of where we wanted to sit. Yes, I did see some towels on chairs and no one around but with the amount of chairs I am not sure where the previous complaints came from. It was really interesting to see all of the different people from all over the world at this resort. Walking around the pool we heard 4 different languages. The beach was beautiful as well. I could not get over how warm the ocean was, it was like bath water. Just like the pool, we never had any problems finding a chair. Yes, if you wanted a chair under some shade you might have to wait a little bit, but hey, you鈥檙e on the beach. The whole purpose is to be in the sun. I have also read countless complaints about the fact that there is seaweed. It is the 鈥渙cean鈥?of course there will be seaweed but it is not a big deal. My wife and I also noticed how soft the sand was. You did not have to worry about cutting up your feet on shells or lava rock. I must admit that I was a little concerned about how the food would be and I can say that I was pleasantly surprised. Now, don鈥檛 get me wrong the food is not 5 star quality but it was quite good. The buffets were adequate and what you would expect a buffet to be. At breakfast they had a nice omelet bar that I went to every morning. They had the typical food you would expect for breakfast. The lunch buffet was not that great. But I was usually so full from breakfast that I just wanted something to snack on. We never ate at the dinner buffet we always ate at one of the al carte restaurants. We ate at the Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, French, Gourmet, and Seafood ones. The French and Gourmet ones were our favorites. No, we never had a problem getting reservations and I never called to make reservations before 9am. In fact, there were two nights where we did not call till 3pm and were able to get in. We were very flexible when it came to our reservations and I suppose that if you must east at a specific time and at a specific place every night you may have some problems. But every time we called we had two places that we want to try and did not care what time we ate. The activities were a lot of fun as well. We really enjoyed the catamarans. The casino was small but hey if we wanted to gamble we would have went to Vegas. The shows at night were amusing as well and again they are not 鈥淥鈥?at the Belagio but still fun. We also had the pleasure of having the Washington Redskins Cheerleaders perform a show one night, while they were there shooting their annual calendar. The check-out process was easy and painless as well. Make sure and get to the airport plenty early. The lines for immigrations and security can be quite long. The Melia Caribe Tropical was a great destination and we had a great time.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Melia - Ignore any negative reviews. My husband and I just got back from 8 days at Melia Caribe Tropical and we loved it. I am honestly not sure where the people stayed who wrote the bad reviews. We were not in the Royal Service area, but a regular hotel room and we had a great time. Here were our thoughts:Size of property 鈥?Yes, the Melia is a large property. We enjoyed the walks to dinner and the bars as some form of exercise. We were in building 25 right next to the pool. Our walks to dinner would be about 7 鈥?10 minutes. If you do not want to walk, they have 2 trams that circle the property every 10 鈥?15 minutes. We also enjoyed the fact that the resort was so flat that we ran several times during our vacation.Food/Drinks 鈥?The food ranged from good to excellent. The breakfast and lunch buffets are pretty standard with cook-to-order omelets, fruits, pancakes, French toast, etc. Lunch was a pasta bar, grill, hot dogs, pizza, salads, and sandwich meat. The dinners were the excellent part. We ate at a reservation restaurant every night and we were very happy. Our favorites were Le Gourmet, Ma Maison, Dominican, and Mexican. Italian was our least favorite, but still enjoyable. Each menu had several choices for each of the 3 鈥?4 courses. I am a picky eater and I always enjoyed dinner. Also, you do not have to worry about the drinks being watered down or strange brands. The drinks are very strong and I had Absolute Vodka all week. Hotel Rooms 鈥?The room itself was nothing overly impressive. It reminded me of every other Marriott, Hilton, or Sheraton that I had ever stayed in. But, the beds were very comfortable and we enjoyed the ceiling fan. The small refrigerator was also nice for soda and water.Other Comments 鈥?1 other posting on trip advisor recommending bringing insulated mugs on the visit. We bought 2 before we left and we were very happy. We used them to keep bottled water as well as bar drinks nice and cool. The bar tenders are very nice and more than happy to serve you a drink in any container you have.We did not have any issues with the service of the bar tenders and waiters. Our personal preference is to tip. We would tip 1 鈥?2 at the buffets and 3 鈥?4 at dinner. For drinks, we would tip 1 every other round. The staff works very hard and definitely deserves these tips. However, other people did not tip and I do not think that their service suffered.We booked the Melia through our RCI timeshare. As a result, we had priority check-in and they made all of our dinner reservations for us. This was a definite perk. However, the hotel does not make your dinner reservations for your first night at the hotel. We got to our room at 4 pm on Saturday and I called and I could have had reservations at 4 different restaurants. As a result, I do not think that the restaurants are too hard to get into by any means.My husband played golf twice. It was dirt cheap - $35 a round and the course is in good shape. There is a shuttle from the hotel.There is a small casino on the property. We went 2 nights but did not spend a lot of time there. They are not quite as impressive as a Las Vegas casino. 飦?br/>The pools and beach are every bit as beautiful as the pictures. We never hit the pool until after 11:00 and we were always able to find a chair quickly and easily. The 2 main pools have the swim up bars, music and lots of activities. But, there are also 2 quiet pools by the spa as well.We had a wonderful time at the Melia. We would definitely go back. We would also recommend this hotel to any of our friends. We seriously did not understand the bad reviews it received and we are picky travelers.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>South_Carolina_Crew
<Content>Royal Service is Great! From Columbia, South Carolina We are a couple in our early fifties traveling without children. My husband and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from May 7 through May 14. After reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, we decided to upgrade to Royal Service. We booked our trip through Vacation Express. Our experience with Royal Service was very positive.The Melia Caribe Tropical is a very large property. More like three hotels in one! It has a Tropical side, a Caribe side and the Royal Service side. The Royal Service side seemed a little more intimate because it had a private lobby, restaurant, pool and beach area. It was about a five minute walk to the beach or to the lobby. Shuttles were constantly stopping to offer you a ride. Here is our review based on our experience with Royal Service:CHECK-IN / CHECK-OUT: Was quick and efficient. Be sure to tell the bell-hops that you have Royal Service so that you will be taken to the private lobby. Here, you are greeted with drinks of champagne and orange juice. It is called a mimosa! The lobby is air conditioned. The luggage is quickly retrieved and off you go!ROOMS: We had a Royal Service Suite (Room 5228) on the second floor. The balcony overlooked some beautiful gardens. The room was beautiful with marble floors and bath. The jacuzzi is open to the bedroom area by wood shutters. The living area has a couch and a bar area with a fridge that is stocked with water, beer and juices. We loved the plasma T.V. with some nice movie channels in English. The Royal Service rooms have garden or pool views no ocean views.FOOD: Good Food. We had a private restaurant call the Gabiclub. It was great because you did not have to make reservations and the dress was casual. The club was a buffet in A.M. with an omelet station, a buffet in the afternoon and at night it turned into an a la carte restaurant. Really enjoyed their rib-eyes at night. Also did not have a problem making reservations at the other a la carte restaurants. Called at seven a.m. and got the times we wanted. Our favorite restaurant besides the Gabiclub was the Mexican restaurant. There are good margaritas at the Turey Bar. And I loved the capirinas at the Caribe lobby bar.TIPPING: Not Necessary. Received good service without tipping. Paid for an all-inclusive vacation and got it! But, if you wanted to tip, the Staff would graciously receive it.BEACH: Very pretty! Water changes color from emerald to light green to turquoise depending on the reflection of the sun. The sand at the water's edge turns a light pink. You can walk for miles . Nice breezes on a palm-tree lined beach. At times there could be seaweed in the water. This is due to the winds and the boats stirring it up. The Staff is constantly cleaning it up. Go early to reserve a palapa on the beach. People will stay in those things all day long.CLIMATE: May is the beginning of the rainy season. Do not pay attention to the national weather reports or they will scare you to death! We had beautiful weather with the exception of 1 day. The climate is very tropical. We could have rain very early in the morning, then maybe late in the afternoon and then again in the evening. If it did rain the showers were usually brief then the sun came out. Kind of reminded me of Florida weather. It can be humid inland but, there is always a nice breeze on the beach.LANGUAGE: We do not speak Spanish and the Dominican Republic is a Spanish Speaking Country. The Royal Service, the Service Desk and theTour Desk Staff all speak excellent English. The Staff that worked in the restaurants, bars, grounds and also the maid service would speak different levels of English. Your would have your needs met. But, in order to have conversations with certain Staff members, you would need to know some Spanish. So bring a Spanish phrase book and have fun!ENTRY INTO COUNTRY FROM U.S.: Pretty easy with passport. You enter airport and have you picture taken with the Dominican Ladies. Then you can buy the pictures if you like them when you come back to leave the country. Buy a tourist card for $10.00 and proceed to immigration. Deposit tourist card at appropriate place. They have it marked with sign along the way Pick up your luggage and proceed out of airport to your taxi or transfers. They will be standing there with signs. Its about a twenty minute ride to the Melia Caribe Tropical.LEAVING COUNTRY: A little more hectic. The lines can be long. Go to the airport about three hours early. If you have transfers with CoCo Tours back to airport, be sure to meet with you representative at the scheduled time and have him call you or better yet you call him to be sure time of departure from the hotel has not changed. On the day of departure from the hotel back to the airport, Coco Tours tells you to be at the front of the lobby about ten minutes before your designated departure time (come earlier to be on safe side). Once you get to airport the porters will take your luggage to the airline desk. The luggage will be searched. You'll get you boarding passes then proceed to that long immigration line again to have your passport stamped. Then you wii proceed through airport security. They will xray your carry on, etc. Once that is completed go to you departing gate.Hope this helps!  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>POSSIBLY THE BEST VACATION MY FAMILY EVER TOOK!! This was possibly the greatest vacation my family ever took in 15 years. WE stayed in the royal service suites and i would say theat the upgrade is worth the money. the private pool and restaurant anre great and far less crowded then the normal pools. The private beach is a plus too. it is blue and so clear that you can see schools of fish passing underneath the surface. The ther advantage of the royal service is private restaurant reservations, instead of getting up[ at 6 in the morning you can make it whenever you want. I will now attempt to go over every aspect of our vacaiton:DINING:The restaurants are quite good but our favorite was the japonese. it is amazing and the benihana style food is incredible. Do not go to the dominican restaurant, it looks good but is bad. The french and gourmet are also goodACCOMIDATIONS:WE stayed in the Royal Service and it was completely worth the extra money. besides our huge room the pillow menu and room service are great.you also have 2 plasma screen tv's in your room. it is worth the extra money...believe me.POOLS: The private RS pool is great but so is the normal pool, however it is slightly more crowded.OVERALL:You need not be scared, do not be afraid of the people or the food. the water is fine, just ask for bottled and they are very accomidating. ENJOY YOUR STAY!!!  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>d1va1109
<Content>Excellent Excellent Beautiful Beautiful!       One of the shows going on next to the casino  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievable Wedding at the Melia Caribe Tropical       Wedding in the Gazebo  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Run4FunintheSun
<Content>FABULOUS TIME!!!       The beach  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sugarberry
<Content>So wonderful....wish i was still there       Our Bed...NOT RS  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Married at the Melia Caribe We were married at the Melia Caribe on April 19, 2006. I was pretty shaken prior to our trip because I had read so many reviews regarding the food, weddings, weather, service etc...Well Here it is one month later and let me tell you my opinions:The Food: Yes, we are americans and we are spoiled as hell when it comes to food. I was terrified prior to the trip, and impressed upon arrival and throughout the trip. It was definitely not the best food I have ever eaten, but it was great compared to what I thought it would be. The buffets are ample and decent, and if you can't find something you like I'd say you have an issue. I especially enjoyed the beach grill by the main pool, they grilled meat on the spot, including bone in chicken breasts. The royal service suite buffet (only available if you upgrade to royal suite) was awsome and once we ate there we stopped trying to get reservations at the ala carte places. The ala carte restaurants are a small issue to get reservations in, but if you plan ahead a day it's not so hard. The Wedding: All I can say is it was perfect! Angelica and her staff have it totally under control and they made my day simple and wonderful. Weather: DO NOT read USA weather reports for the DR and take them seriously unless it is the rainy season. Period. It was forcasted to rain every day of our trip, and in 8 days it rained for a total of 20 minutes (at night). It's the Caribbean and it does rain, but for really short periods of time. The US forcasts are NOT accurate. Check with your travel agent if you have serious doubts.The service: Top Notch, but I definitely recommend the royal service suites. It doesn't cost that much extra if you book it in advance as opposed to trying to upgrade upon arrival, and the service goes from great to outstanding for such a minimal price! The rooms are truely worth it and the private pool and buffet are HUGE perks! It is also the only area that allows room service. We were even ushered away upon arrival for a private check in...we were immediately given wet face towels to freshen up as well as mimosa's to drink. We were checked in without lines or hassle....it was great!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation My husband and I went to the Melia Caribe Tropical for our first time. We spent 8 days there are were very impressed with the resort. All of our meals were good but we especially enjoyed the Japanese, French, and Chinese restaurants. We would suggest calling very early in the morning for your reservations to make sure you can get in. We also took one day an booked a Monster Truck tour. This is a must if you want to see the country and the way fo life in the Domican. The trip was from 8am til 5p.m. but worth every penny. This was my first trip out of the United States and everything was run just as I would have wanted it to go. All of our flights were on time and even tough we had to wait minutes in line it just showed us how security was really working. Greatful for that.The maid service was good but it might have been because of the suggestion we had before we went. We took baseball hats and cards for the help and they were so greatful and willing to help you whenever and always remembered how you were. Very friendly. Especially the bartenders and waitresses. Tipping was not required but they were happy with even a dollar. We will diffently go on this trip again and the all inclusive is the way to go. I can only say it was a very relaxing and enjoyable vacation out of our country.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above average if you know how it works From the point of view of a 45 year old mom and 50 year old dad, our 16 year old daughter and her 16 year old girlfriend. Arrived 4/16/06 - departed 4/24/06. Most everything we read ahead of time was very helpful so do your homework. We arrived at the hotel before noon and did not have any problem getting two rooms in a nice area (building 38) half way between the lobbies and the beach. That evening, though, there were people lined up at registration and actually sleeping on the couches in the lobby. Talked to people the next day and heard all kinds of stories about people getting moved around and some did not have any rooms at all. My advice is book a flight that gets you to the hotel early in the day so you don't have to deal with room problems. Yes, there is a lot of walking which was not a problem unless you bring bad shoes/sandals and get blisters on your feet from all the walking. It is too hot to walk bare footed so bring comfortable shoes and enjoy the exercise. Rooms were nice enough, always had towels, no bugs, peacocks make a lot of noise but it was very tropical. Had a small problem with the girl's room. The ceiling leaked on one day but front desk fixed the problem right away. We golfed 5 out of 7 days. Do not bother trying to golf 18 holes. It is too hot even if you start first thing in the morning. The latest tee time for 18 holes in 1:30pm. Instead, ask if you can golf 9 holes. There is a discount rate on carts after 3:00pm. We golfed every day at 3:30 or 4:00, paid $21.00 per person for the cart and only $10.00 for a rider to come with us. Otherwise, before 3:00pm you pay $36.00 per person for the cart even if you are a rider. Make your first reservation on line or call before you leave, then make all other reservations at the golf course. Don't bother going through the front desk or public relations. The courses were all very nice and well maintained. We brought our clubs from home and stored them at the course. My husband forgot his putter and they let him borrow one for free.FOOD: The buffets were fine, we ate breakfast every morning, we ate fruit, bacon, juice, and did not get sick. Remember to brush your teeth with the bottled water. If you are an early riser for golf DO NOT go to the Restaurant La Gondola for the 5:00am Continental breakfast. It is so bad. Also, do not bother with the 7:00am call for reservations at the A La Carte restaurants. The Royal Plan books most of the times and then releases the unused reservations at 3:00pm each day. We called at 3:00pm each day and ate at 6 different A La Carte restaurants during our stay. All were good except the Le Gourmet. The service was SO BAD. It was as if they were doing you a favor to serve you. The place was practically empty and it took us 2 hours to get through dinner. The service at the Hacienda Restaurant was the best. We went back there twice. The drinks were fine, the wine was good, my husband even liked their beer.The room safe was $2.00/day extra. AS FOR TEENAGERS. When you check in you get a different color bracelet if you are under 18 year old. (18 and older get served alcohol, can go in the casino, and have access to the Fitness Center) Decide if you want your kids to have access to alcohol and gambling before the bracelet goes on because they will not change it later. The Fun Pub (Disco) was the only night time activity for our 16 year old girls. BEWARE - people of all ages are allowed in there and they DO serve alcohol. Our girls made friends with other teens from all over the world many of which were 18 and older. (They could tell by the color of the bracelet, which seemed to be a status thing with the teenagers) We kept a close watch outside the Pub and checked in with them frequently. The Pub didn't get going until after 10:00pm so if you are looking for something for your teen to do before then, good luck. The other facilities, The Teenager Club and the Arcade  Cool Club were a joke, very small rooms and no one was ever in there.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobcat001
<Content>Honest review or Melia Caribe Tropical - Royal Service Guest We stayed at Melia Caribe from May 1 thru May 6. I must start by stating that my husband and I did have the royal service and it was well worth the money. I do not understand the bad reviews I read before traveling. I will give a honest review and break things down.Check in: Yes, there was some confusion on this when we got there about where the private check in was. When we were dropped off nobody told us exactly where to go for royal service check in. However, we were offered a drink while we were trying to figure out where to go. Once we found someone to ask they took us to the VIP area and checked us in. Charlie, our butler then took us to our room and we were ready to go. This all only took us about 10 minutes.Royal Service Suite: It was very nice (room 5201) and I did not see any bugs that I had read about. The only complaint I could possibly have about the room was that our nice plasma TV did not work, and our remote for the tv in the bedroom did not work on that tv. However, this was not really that big of a deal because I was not there to watch TV.Royal Service Pool: The pool was very nice and the grill by the pool is a nice addition. I loved just getting out of the pool and being able to grab a hot dog, burger, chicken faijita or whatever else I wanted. There is also a soft serve ice cream machine that my husband and I visited at least twice a day. I had read how people complained about getting chairs at the pool because people would put towels on them and save them, we had no problem with this. We did not save any chairs but got them at about 10:30 everyday when we would arrive at the pool.Beach: The beach was very nice, however I do have to agree that there was a bit of seaweed. I saw crews cleaning it up and looked like they were doing the best they could. At the royal service area of the beach they have a server, this is a very nice touch. However, it was tough to get a chair that was in the shaded area, so many times we opted to go out of the royal service area because we wanted the shade.Food: I thought the food was pretty good. We ate at the Gabi Resturant the first night since we needed reservations for the rest of them. I enjoyed the food very much. The 2nd night we had the Japanese and that was very good and fun. It is also a great way to meet some people. We had the seafood and I have no complaints. I am not a seafood fan but did enjoy the food here. We also ate at the Dominican resturant. The food here was good, however the service was terrible. I understand that we were on vacation and we were on island time but that was a bit slow on everything. Our last night there we had the Mexican and it was outstanding, the service was great and so was the food. On the subject of people getting sick, I did get something while I was down there. Not sure if it was from the food, if I drank some of the water or what but I had a very bad pain in my stomach. It only lasted for 24 hours and I did not have diarrhea or vomiting, it was just an uncomfortable pain, my husband was fine, it was just me that felt ill.General: The place was very large and if you don't like to walk it might be a bit much. However, once you start to learn the layout it really doesn't seem as big. There are trains that take you around. We rode on it one time and did notice that the smell of diesel was bad. If you have royal service they have smaller trams that will take you to the beach or wherever you want to go and the smell of these are not as bad. The nice thing about these is if they see you walking they stop and ask if you need a ride. I did notice 1 thing that I was not real impressed with - the amount of service vehicles that were driving around. The grounds were beautiful but as you are walking and a vehicle drives by and smells of diesel it is not the greatest thing. That would be the worst thing I would have to say about this resort. Staff: As far as comments I read about communicating to people, that is just not true. First of all, we are in their country, we should try to speak spanish. Also, my husband had been brushing up on his spainish and was a bit disappointed that he did not get to use it as much as he wanted, because all the employees that we spoke to knew English. However, when he would practice with them they really did enjoy and appreciate his efforts. I do recommend that if you can speak it a little you brush up and try with them, it makes their day.We had a wonderful time at the Melia Caribe Tropical, we had some good food, good drinks, meet some good people, got some sun and plenty of rest. I would stay here again if I return to Punta Cana and I would recommend this to all my family and friends.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Great Place! We just got back from a week at the Melia Caribe Tropical, and all I can say is Wow!! What a beautiful resort! I was nervous judging by the mixed reviews, but it was beyond our expectations. The only thing I would recommend was to do the Royal Service. You were treated like royalty. You had your own restaurant, pool and beach. The complaints that everyone said about the reservations for the restaurants were non-existent with the Royal Service. We never had a problem getting a reservation...we did it anytime the day before. The service was wonderful. I did take the advice of bringing a lot of $1.00 bills...the staff was so appreciative of anything you gave them. We met so many people that had been there before (5 times was the most we heard!!). We hope to go back again soon!  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Getting Married here? I love it!       Wedding Gazebo  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Alatriste
<Content>Could be better Just got back from a 7 day vacation at Meli谩 Caribe Tropical, and my overall conclusion is the following: beautiful massive site, nice and spacious rooms, service and food in some restaurants needs improving big time. Improving service is complicated in a country like D. Republic, so its up to you, if you pay good tips you'll receive best in class attention, if you don't pay tips you'll be ignored as if you were a 2 star hotel customer.Don't go the Japanese, Mexican or International restaurants, the food is absolutely disgusting. The positive side is that the best food is served at the beach in the Turey buffet which was a nice surprise.The golf course is very challenging but good quality, however during my stay it was too dry and too noisy as they are building villas around the course. It's a nice place but not somewhere I'd pay to go back to. If you're single and looking for fun go somwhere else, this place is for relaxing not partying. Go to the Barcel贸 resort just down the road, it seems to have a younger crowd.IMPORTANT: BEWARE FROM THE VACATION CLUB TOUR, ITS WASTE OF TIME TO GET YOU TO PAY 3K$ DOLLARS.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia is the best!! We stayed at the Melia Caribe from 5/1-5/5 and it was nothing short of fantastic. The grounds are beautiful and the staff was wonderful and friendly. The rooms were very big with kings size bed and nice size balcony. Everywhere you looked was like a postcard. We did have a difficult time getting reservations, but Louicito with Preito Tours via Liberty Travel corrected this right away. The french restuarant was excellent. The buffets were pretty decent as well for lunch and breakfast. The pool is huge, the swim up bar was just amazing. The lobbies are the most beautiful! I had read some negative reviews and for the life of me I just can't understand it? My husband and I and everyone we spoke with just loved it and we will definately be going back-its was fantastic!!  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ignore the bad reviews!!       royal service room  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful place, nice people, bad food! My husband, 1 1/2 year old daughter and myself stayed 5 nights. This place is beautiful, friendly staff and good service. We got the royal service, which was well worth it!!! We had a master suite that was across from the RS pool and restaurant. There is alot of walking, but I did not mind. We decided not to take the train that was always running. The restaurants were OK, nothing special. All three of us got sick and are still sick 2 days after our return. Be careful what you eat. We did, but it did not help. We tipped, which was also helpful. We all had a good time and the weather was beautiful, but I would not return.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>if you like large cockroaches in your room I just came back from the melia resort after spending 1 week there. I found a total of 4 LARGE cockroches in the closet, washroom, or just running around. The resort was very big and beautiful but not convinient when you have children. The food was terrible...do not go to the chinese restaurant unless you like your chow mein as spagetti noodles. Tiny ants in the washroom and all over the walls. I had to change my room twice!!!!!!! Good luck if you choose this resort and do not bring children to the beach unless you don't mind being bitten by sand bugs!!!!!! have fun!!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Attended a wedding there!! My husband and I just returned from a five night stay at this resort. I have never stayed at an all inclusive resort so I give it an above average rating and not excellent only because I have nothing to compare it to. We have traveled extensively all over the world and our stay here was wonderful. I was a little bit put off by the bad reviews and decided to upgrade to the Royal Service. We were part of a group of 50 who were there to attend a wedding and only two couples upgraded. We both thought it was well worth doing. Check-in and out were quick. You have a wonderful room, private pool and your own restaurant. Butler service is available and so is room service. We had breakfast in twice and it was great. Our friends had a late night dinner and said that it was great also. We had a few mosquitos in the room, but never got bitten. You are in a tropical location so they are to be expected. I did bring bug spray with us, but didn't use it. The other 48 people in our group were happy with their trip. Even though we had our own pool area every afternoon we would go down to join the group in the pool by the beach. That was a fun pool and quite lively. The pool up in the Royal Service area is a great place to read and just hang out. It does have a bar, but tends to be quiter than the other pools. The grounds are spectacular and well maintained. We tipped a lot, but no one expected it. Oh, the Royal Service has their own beach area with a great bar. The beach is wonderful. We grew up in a beach area so we feel that we could judge that. We did not take any trips off the grounds, but if we did we decided that it would only be half day trips. There were lots of families with kids and all seemed to be having a great time. We walked a lot, by our choice, just to work off all the food and drink that we consumed. The food was very good. We did not get sick. The best in our opinion was The Capri, which is a Mediterranian Restaurant. We ate in groups of 10 and had no trouble getting reservations. We also ate at the French and the Japanese Restaurants and they were good as well. The first night we ate at a buffet and it was good. It wasn't great, but was good. The wedding was spectacular, and the bride and groom had their pictures the morning we all left which was two days after the wedding. Lots of weddings went on while we were there. You can get married on the beach or in this beautiful gazebo if you so choose. One thing the bride and groom found out about the papers is that you will not get your official certificate for a couple of months, so if you need it sooner, I don't know what you would do. They gave them a letter, but I don't know if that would suffice. We had a great, relaxing time and would go back. Bring lots of sunscreen and film. The gift shops were expensive and we did not bargain at the stores on the beach, but some of our group did and they got some nice jewelry. I think alot of the negative reviews are written by other resort employees.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>back next jan melia       Wedding Venue  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sillyjilly
<Content>Are there two different Melia Caribe Tropical in PC? Melia Caribe Tropical Joe  Judi Halifax, NS April 2006We have read the previous reviews on this resort and decided to book anyways. We have taken them with a grain of salt as everyone has an opinion and we were glad we did. This is our 11th trip to the Dominican Republic and we have to admit the Bavaro Beach area is our favorite. This is our 11 trip to this resort. Early in the month we celebrated our 32nd wedding anniversary and were eligible for a free upgrade upon check in, and had to produce a copy of our marriage certificate. We booked our trip with Multi-Travel in Bedford as they meet online prices. Our trip was booked through Transit Holidays with West jet being our charter at the cost of 1248. + 267. Tax Canadian per person.(April 15-22 inclusive). Our package included four rounds of Golf at the Cocatal Golf  country club. Be sure to take US currency as well as your own thermal/Bubba keg to keep your drinks cold. The cups for drinks are approximately 6 ozers. Be sure also to take everything you could possibly need, as items are very expensive down there. If you require a facecloth bring your own. WESTJET FIGHTS: Seats are very comfortable  roomy. 12 EF one being a window seat. They have leather seats that are adjustable as well as the headrest. Everyone has his or her own television approximately 6-inch screen. They sell you head phones if you do not have your own, they have the normal deskman jack on the end. You have to purchase one of 3 movies with the swipe of your credit card and it鈥檚 a 5-dollar charge per person. There are some regular channels that are free as well. They serve you a boxed lunch whether it is breakfast, lunch or supper  it isn鈥檛 bad either. Better than the competitors boxed lunch. They sell drinks onboard for 5 dollars each as well as snacks Pringles small container is 2 dollars, nuts etc are 3 dollars. Bring your own. Leaving and return flights were great no problems. Two of us had damage to our luggage, new hard golf bag case latch was broken going down  return, advise, put duct tape over them to avoid the latch getting caught in the belts. On one suitcase a zipper opener got torn off, it was under warranty so it鈥檚 gone for repair. TO  FROM THE AIRPORT: There was a bus to pick us up at the Punta Cana Airport and transfer us to our resort that was approximately 20 minutes away. The drive to the resort was an eye opener, as you get to see some of their countryside. Be prepared to fill out a blue form entering  departing Punta Cana. Your airline carrier will give you one on the plane to fill out to enter.They did pick us up late supposed to be 0845 did not arrive till 0938 and we did not get to go to the duty free shops at the airport, so don鈥檛 hold off buying your items just in case. Arrived at the airport at 1040 due to other pick-ups. Got through security at 11:1 1AM already boarding 11:00 AM. our plane left at 11:30 AM.. ROOMS: We were booked regular deluxe suite. NOT ROYAL SERVICE! We were glad we didn鈥檛 book the RS due to the 60.US PP per night cost. Our room was 2405, building 24 suites 5 on the ground floor. Outside our entrance was the pool  pool bar, to the right was the buffet (1 minute walk), beach being 2 minutes from our room. We are beach people  enjoyed this spot. Our room had a king-size bed, kitchenette with a small fridge, table  2 chairs, sofa and a TV. The room was very clean with no complaints, everything worked with no problems. Our free upgrade was 2 bathrobes, 2 beach towels in our room waiting for us as well as a lovely fruit tray, 1 bottle of vodka, whiskey  rum. A bottle of wine with glasses and some flowers. Very nice touch. Our friends stayed in room 2501, which was the same layout minus the extras. They had no room problems either in their regular junior suite. GOLF: We pre-booked our tee-off times via e-mail before we left. Mon 0720, Wed @ 0700  Fri 0710. We paid the mandatory cart fee of 35 US per person each day with 2 people per cart. Golf club rental were 47 US pp, as one of us didn鈥檛 have clubs, be sure to bring some water as the cart has a cooler with ice. The beverage cart may or may notcatch up with you on the course. The course was fabulous, it has 3- 9 hole courses  you get to do 2 of them for your 18 holes. We were all treated like professionals. They like for you to do 18 holes in 4 1/2 hours. It gets really hot on the golf course at 12 noon. Bring sunscreen, your own balls, tees  glove if you are planning to rent your clubs. Lots of water!!! Really nice course to play! RESORT: This resort is huge and well landscaped. Lots of peacocks male  female were roaming the resort, as well as flamingos and other birds.There are two sides to this resort the Tropical that is geared more to families with children and the Caribe side where we stayed. We never had a problem with the trains there are 3 of them. They do get a bit crowded around 6-8 PM due to dinner reservations. Leave a bit early  go to the lobby for drinks that way you鈥檒l be on time for your reservation. DINNER RESERVATIONS: We never had a problem getting a reservation. I got up at 700AM called 6313, got a reservation not always to our choice but did get a reservation between 6-7:30 every evening. The French  Japanese are the hardest to get into. We had no complaints about the food at all. I am a very picky eater  I could always find something on the menu. After our 2 night we ran into another couple  started booking for 6  still had no problems. None of us got sick or had any food or water issues.BARS  DRINKS: We (4 of us) took 52 oz Bubbas with us  had no problems getting them filled with our favorite drink. Drinks varied from bar to bar depending on the bar tender. If you tipped or not it didn鈥檛 seem to matter. But be sure to ask for rum if you EXCURSIONS: Because we have been to PC several times we only did the 3 rounds golf and an ATV run. They have 350  250 2WD鈥檚. No seats on the back for riding double. The run was not great for us because we are avid ATV鈥檈rs and they ran the beach as well as secondary dirt roads. Boring for us but it did get us off the resort to see some of the countryside once again. They charge 100. US for riding double and 70. US PP for riding single. Bring goggles and bungee cords to secure your bag as well as a facemask as roads are dusty. They took us to an underground cave to go swimming but it will be closed down for visitors in 2 weeks.(end of April). I guess the locals are complaining about the dust as it goes through a small village. Be careful and check over your machine some only have back brakes some only have front. Bikes are not in too bad of shape but can use some repairs. The 350鈥檚 are automatics Suckies! (Kawasaki). Also your tour director will not advise you to do this run, as they are not promoting ATV/motorcycles or moped tours. We had no problems with the four of us. Take the usual precautions  you鈥檒l be fine. Lots of local children around bring some candy for them  they will ask for money! MARKETS: There are 2 markets both to the right of the resort and the other being a 5- minute walk down the beach. The 5-minute walk one is much bigger. Be prepared to barter or trade items. They love baseball hats with logos, T-shirts  full Bubbas/thermal mugs for trades. They have everything there, be careful check you seal on alcohol  cigars etc ALLOWANCES to CANADA: You can bring back 2-750 mls of alcohol, or 1-40 ozer, I carton of cigarettes (200), 50 cigars per person. Be careful buying cigars  alcohol in the markets. Put these items in your carry-on coming home for customs. LEAVING PUNTA CANA: When leaving PC be careful, wait for the check in person to ask you for your departure tax, they tried to collect twice from our friends. Also watch the scales for your luggage weight tried to tell us we were over 10 KGs and wanted 4. US per kg. I got him to re-weigh our bags. Pounds is the top light with KGs underneath. I then proved to him that 2OKGS = approx 44 LBS. He didn鈥檛 push it after that.Ask the check in person for your blue form if it wasn鈥檛 already passed to you. You will need this filled out before entering the security area. Before going through the security area., take your paper money out of your wallet and put it in your front pocket (CDN as well as US), people are having cash taken out of their wallets in the scanner  not noticing it till they board the plane. We ALL had a great time and have no hesitations about returning to this resort. We have no complaints about this wonderful resort or about our trip, other than we didn鈥檛 get to the duty free at the airport  that certainly wasn鈥檛 the resorts fault! Keep in mind that your trip is what you make it. Happy Travels!jpearson57@hotmail.com Please put Melia in subject line or it will be deleted!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jpincus
<Content>DR is amazing  My boyfriend  I (we are 22  23) stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from 4/21-4/28. From the second we got there until the second we left, we were absolutely breathtaken by this place. The grounds are absolutely gorgeous.. .lush, colorful,  sooo many trees. Everything is open  airy ... The weather was hot  sunny every single day we were there.  There are plenty of free activities such as dancing, kayaks, paddleboats, windsurfing, catamarans,  volleyball to name a few. The beach is sandy white and the water is very clear. Pools are pretty damn big and again beautiful (which is the theme here). When we were checking in ... they put a beer in each of our hands within seconds. The staff is truly there to please you and they are smiling the whole time. Restaurants were pretty good.. decent variety of foods. If you are expecting the most amazing food - well then you pretty much wont be happy at any all-inclusive. But I would say that everything was pretty appetizing. Le Gourmet (Italian)  Ma Maison (French) were our favorites.The only excursion we did was ATV's .. the four wheelers. If you like some good fun do this one! They take you 20 min away.. then you get to drive the atv's pretty fast through Macao village .. then a 20 min break to swim at a gorgeous isolated beach.. IT WAS AWESOME.Casino's small but could always get a seat at the tables. Live Music at the lobby bar every night... nice selection of alcohol. Just give the bartender a couple of bucks and he wont forget you. We were closer to the beach then to the restaurants/lobby/casino. Better to be closer to the beach.. after you eat  drink a ton a 7-10 min walk does ya good. Only down side I saw was you have to wake up to make dinner reservations every morning. You can only make reservations for that day and next day. Pretty much you can't get through to make the reservation for a half hr.. kind of annoying. OTHERWISE GO THEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!! YOU WILL LOVE THIS BEAUTIFUL FANTASY LAND :)  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hicee1980
<Content>Best vacation!!! My boyfriend and I just got back from the Melia. We went from 4/20-4/27. Excellent service, beautiful grounds, great beach. Can't complain about anything. Watch out for the rice pudding, or really anything milky. My boyfriend got sick from it....at least we think. I was fine...ate mostly meat, chicken, rice, cake, pasta. We ate at the mexican, american, chinese, italian and mediterranean restaurants. All were good. My favorite was the mexican-had some really great chicken. Weather was gorgeous, not a drop of rain. FYI: check out the flea market down the beach from the resort. Make a right on the beach and walk past the other resort. You'll see it. We go a lot of great buys there and it was a short walk from the resort. Plaza Bavaro was also good, $20 roundtrip by cab. I would totally recommend this resort to anyone looking for a nice relaxing vacation. The room were beautiful and resort was great. It's not a party resort, so if that's what you're looking for....look elsewhere.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This resort is Absolutely Gorgeous!! but Do Not Book Through Apple Vacations!!! This Resort is ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS!! But, we had a horrible experience with apple vacations. I highly reccomend that if your going to Melia Caribe in Punta Cana, DO NOT BOOK THROUGH APPLE VACATIONS!! First let me tell you how beautiful the resort was. This is a beautiful island, and we had a wonderful time. It was so relaxing and we really enjoyed ourselves. I went with my fiancee and his parents, we are in our low 20's and they are in their 50's. His parents upgraded to Royal Service while we had a regular room. The only thing I didn't like is that they were't allowed to bring guests with them to the VIP pool or to the VIP lounge, but we didn't pay the extra money and everything worked out anyway. Honestly I didn't think Royal Service was much better than our regular service. They actually liked our pool better and our buffets better, and our room ended up being closer to our beach and pool then they were to theirs. They did have a really nice jacuzzi tub in their bathroom but their room wasn't much bigger than ours and actually we had more comfortable furniture. They also had the advantage of room service but it always took about an hour to get the food. Our maid was better too, she left fresh flowers all around the room and on the bed, it was quite beautiful, and our parents did not get one flower (I guess it just depends on your maid.) The pools are gorgeous, that's where we spent most of our time. They have a swim up bar and several activities around the pool although they did not have a hot tub there was a jacuzzi built into the pool, it just wasn't heated but it did have jets and was very relaxing (by the way it was like 95 degrees outside, who would want a hot tub anyway??) They do offer a session in a hot tub in the spa, it's like $5 for 20 min. and Royal Service has Jacuzzi Tubs if its that important. The beaches were beautiful plenty of activities to do on the beach. We went on this ultralight, it's like a little boat that flies, it was really neat I reccomend that. The staff is very very friendly. It is very laid back though, everything is at a slower pace. The tram took forever we were always better off walking. The food was pretty good, we had no problems getting reservations for the resteraunts, we ate at all of them except the mediterranean, and they were all beautiful, the food was good at all of them except the Chinese. The food does take a while to get, like I said everything is VERY laid back! The buffets were pretty good they had fresh burgers, N.Y Strip steaks, hot dogs, fish, chicken etc. on the grill it was very good and had a wide variety of things. Make sure to bring plenty of ones to tip, they go a long way and bring either plenty of cash or travelers checks, the ATM's only dispense pesos and the bank charges 7% on visa cash advances. If you bring travelers checks you can go to the gift shop, buy something for $1 than get cash back, other than that they charge you about 6% to cash a travelers check at the bank. Cash is the best way to go, not to many places take credit. They also had a theater with a show every night at 10 pm. The show is different every night and very entertaining! They have some amazing dancers! Oh and don't go to the casino, I spent about $100 in the slot machine and won about $10, they were very tight machines. We did the OUTBACK SAFARI tour, and it was the BEST THING WE DID ALL WEEK!! It took us all through the countryside showed us how chocolate and coffee were made took us to the atlantic side of D.R. where the beach had no seaweed and was much nicer. It went all through the mountains and seen how the people of D.R. really live. We really had the best day on thar tour. I do not reccomend going on the shopping tour, it's all the same touristy stuff they sell right on the beach. Like I said in the beginning DO NOT BOOK THROUGH APPLE VACATIONS!!! They booked the safari tour with us 3 days in a row and our apple tour guide RAPHAEL never sent in the reservation so we woke up early twice and the tour guide of the safari tour made sure we got on the 3rd time. Raphael lied to us numerous times and when we waited in line to complain we talked to other people that were very upset with his service also. He promised us hats and T-shirts for the inconvenience, we never got them, he also promised us a half day on the party boat, that never happened either....there is just a list of promises that never happend. Other than that the resort is absolutely gorgeous and well worth the money. We had a wonderful relaxing time and I believe anyone who comes here will have an awesome vacation!!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NicoleandKyle
<Content>Depends on what is important to you... There is some good and some bad to this resort. The bad can be overlooked depending on your travel companions, etc...I'll tell you why.THE RESORT -- The resort is amazingly beautiful. Lush vegetation everywhere, with ponds, fountains, flamingos, peacocks...it is truly gorgeous. This is the picturesque scenery that you are not going to get in the Bahamas or Jamaica. THE BEACH -- The beach is fabulous as well. Beautiful white sand, no shells or anything icky, aqua water....even better than most Caribbean beaches I have been to. Definitely better than the beach at Puerto Plata (also in the DR). People who are complaining about the seaweed need to get their heads examined. There is hardly any and it is really far out.THE ROOMS -- Decent. King-size bed was really comfortable. It was hard to get out of bed some mornings. TV has a bunch of American channels in real-time so if you are tired at night and don't feel like going out, there are still things to do. Bathtubs are small, but have a nice marble shelf to put your toiletries on. Minibar comes stocked with water, pop, and juice. Ours also had beer since we tipped our housekeeper. Now, I'm sure from reading other reviews, everyone talks about room location. We were in 4205 and it was perfect. It was right near the lobby and restaurants and entertainment which we thought was better than being near the beach...because you go to the beach once a day, but you have to walk around in heels and nice clothes at night...and if you are a girl, you will know that it is much easier to walk a long way in flipflops vs. a long way in heels!THE TRAIN/SIZE OF RESORT -- yep it is truly huge. However, we just took the train back and forth to the beach/pools every day and never waited more than 5 minutes for it. There is always a train coming and it is fun to ride them. You can walk a lot if you want, or you can wait a little bit and be lazy. It's all personal preference.THE FOOD -- Here was a bad part. The food itself was delicious. However, both my boyfriend and I were sick the entire time from the food/drinks. It really doesn't make your trip that fun when you are running to the bathroom every five minutes and your stomach is killing you. And, I will tell you that I was extremely careful and took Pepto the whole trip and it didn't help at all. They clearly wash the blenders out with tap water, so forget about having any daiquiris or pina coladas unless you want to get sick. I didn't let it ruin my trip, but this isn't a resort you want to go to unless you are VERY COMFORTABLE with the person/people you are going with.THE SERVICE -- This was mixed. When I arrived, they said they had no king size beds left even though we had booked one so we would have to stay in 2 twin beds for the evening and check back the next day. Well, when my bf got in a couple hours after I did, he was having none of that. So, he went back to the front desk and bitched for awhile and they moved us to a perfect room. Just be aware when you check in that you clarify EXACTLY what you are getting so you don't move all your luggage there and find out that it isn't what you want or paid for. In addition, my shuttle never showed up when it was supposed to for taking me to the airport. The asian woman at guest services was the most unhelpful person I have ever met. She told me she could call me a taxi (even though I had already paid for transportation) and refused to help me communicate with the spanish speaking tour company on the phone. The bellboys took pity on me and one of them actually called the driver directly and had him make a special trip over so that I would be all set. All in all, the trip would have been perfect except for how sick we both got. If this resort could fix the food/drink issues they have, it would be amazing. But, it's definitely a black mark on the resort. I can't even imagine dealing with this problem with children--I was at the pool and a little boy was running to the bathroom and couldn't even make it there. Poor kid. And poor mom who had to clean that up.Oh and ladies, you will be told you are beautiful and flirted with all the time, so that's a nice little ego boost...although slighly annoying after awhile when you don't feel like having a conversation and just want to sit quietly in a taxi or on a bench.Just some other tips--take a higher number SPF--we wore 15 and my bf was really tan before and he got so burnt. You will get an awesome tan wearing 30!!! No need for water shoes or bug spray. This resort is more casual than many I've been to--it doesn't really seem necessary to dress up for dinner although you will turn a bunch of heads if you do. Which is always fun! If you go, just bring your own food and drinks and don't touch anything from the resort....or bring ultra strong prescription stomach meds because even overdosing on Pepto didn't even come close to fixing this. On a happier note, it caused me to drop 7 lbs in 5 days...so it is a good diet!!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful as always This was our forth time at the Melia Caribe tropical, We have traveled all over the caribbean and also mexico. This one is awsome. It don't even compare to all the other resorts we have stayed at. I'm a Travel Agent and travel all over and tour many resorts,This resort is beautiful, very friendly staff, our room is always clean. The food is very good. Everyone has to remember your in a third wourld country. I would highly recommend this resort to anyone. Its very large, but we love it. It is a bit of a walk maybe 10 min if that from the beach to the lobbies. But we love to walk and enjoy the scenery. This resort has a lot to offer. More than any other resort in Punta Cana, We had alot of fun and already are planning our next trip there. Please don't be discourage my some of the negative reviews, Some people arn't happy unless they have something to complain about. I send alot of my clients to this resort and have never had anyone complain, they just love it. ENJOY!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Vacation! I would just like to say that any negative reviews you read must be written by very picky people who expect to be staying at the plaza. If you go into the trip with reasonable expectations you will be blown away. Keep in mind that things move at a much slower pace in the Dominican, but you're on vacation there is no rush.Grounds: The grounds are spectaclular. I can't even explain how beautiful this place is. The staff is constantly working to keep things in great shape. The beach is awesome very nice sand the staff always picking up anything that washes up on shore not that difficult to get a palapia. Food: Ok so the food isn't 5 stars but you're in another country what do you expect. Im not a picky eater and I like to try new things so I had no problems with the food. I was never sick on the vacation. And there are lots of choices. We went to the American grill one night which wasn't great. And we went to the Italian restaurant on our last night which was amazing and i highly recommend going there. It also turns into a buffet late at night and its right near the disco so once the disco closed at 2 everyone usually move over to the restaurant to have food.The Pool: The pool is also pretty amazing There are two huge free form pools. They are a little chilly when you get in but that is a good thing they are very refreshing. The pool is alway clean. There are fountains and statues in and around the pool that make it that much better. The Bars: There is plenty of bars, with a wide selection of drinks The bartenders are great they will do their best to meet all of your needs. The one downfall is that there isn't a bar on the beach although the pool bar isn't that far from the beach.The Disco: The disco isn't the greatest but it is still a good time. Im 22 and my brother is 18 so we wanted to have a good time at night. We found that the disco really didn't get busy most nights till about 11:30 or 12:00. The dance floor is a little bit small but seeing as there wasn't that many people in there most nights i guess thats not really a big deal. If you are really looking to party this probably isn't the best choice.Excursions: We went scuba diving for the first time while in dominican. This was one of the highlights of the trip. We spent the morning in the pool learning how everything worked, then in the afternoon we went out to a reef and went down for about half an hour. I love the water and i've always wanted to try scuba diving so this was just amazing for me and I would recommend it to anyone. Its really easy to learn the staff are very professional and we felt completly safe at all times. I went with my little brother who is 13 and he had no problems with it either. My parents went on the contiki boat. Im pretty sure they had a good time seeing as my dad was hammered and was dancing in the lobby when he got back. General Comments: All I can say is this was an amazing vacation. I really think it's important for people to tip when they go on vacations to places like this. Get 50 dollars in ones and just hand them out to the staff. Really if you can afford to go on a vacation like this you can afford the extra 50 dollars. The staff are going to treat you great either way you might get a drink a little faster if the bartender knows you tip. The main reason you should be tiping is that 50 dollars isn't going to have any effect on you in the long run but it will do a lot for the staff who rely on these tips to get by.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barnese
<Content>Wonderful Resort This resort is simply stunning. If you are a normal person, you will love this property. I think the people who write bad reviews are your typical, hard-to-please people will find something to complain about everywhere. TRUST ME - this property is amazing. We arrived in the evening and were checked in very promptly. Our bags were delivered to our room within 30 mintues. The rooms are huge, clean and all have big balconies. The resort is large, but we loved walking because we needed to work off the food - which is very good. Definitely above average for an all-inclusive resort. The a la carte restaurants are very very good. There was not one that we didnt like.The beach and pools are spectacular! Everyone who works at the resort it very friendly and accomodating. I can't say enough good about this resort. Don't look anywhere else - this is the place to go. I'm going back for sure - I won't be taking my chances with other all inclusives now that I have found this place. It's heaven on earth.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hjoic
<Content>Beautiful place to visit, you won't be sorry if you picked it.       Jr. Suite 3708  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Melia Caribe Tropical... Me and my hunny, just got back from a 1 week stay at the Melia...April 17-24th....We arrived on the 17th and met 2 good friends there, later that night....The check in went very fast and smooth..If you have all your information with you, that you need, like your hotel vocher, you will be fine....After checking in, we found ourselves in the Tropical side....but we requested the Caribe side, to be next to our friends....After seeing this, they upgraded us, to the Caribe side....WITH A JACUZZI.....TO THE HONEYMOON SUITES...We loved it....no charge....We stayed in 36.....the beach was right off our front door and the pool was right next to us too...AWESOME....our maid was excellent....she even left me cold beer a few times and plenty of water and pop....We tipped her a buck or 2 each day, along with a few cheap gifts we brought from home to give out....candies, soaps, deoderants, hair products, Canadian parafanila......almost everything from the dollar store....I would recomend bringing many $1 bills US, to give out, as tips....and they also help out at the markets.....AH...The markets.....They are good, and cheap...but don't let the people presure you...You will find all the people from the Dominican are really friendly.....They will call you...'' My friend  thats OK, but never feel presured to go buy anything...All you have to say is '' I BE BACK TOMMORROW''' that seemed to work for me, lol....but make sure you barter....NEVER GIVE IN TO THEIR OPENING BID...ITS USUALLY ABOUT 70% OVER FROM WHAT THEY WILL TAKE...For example...I went to the market to buy rum, on my first day there...I asked a man to show me the best rum he had...so he showed me a bottle of Brugal amber rum...he wanted $20 US a bottle...We laughed and needless to say, we brought home 5 bottles, for $25 US...they all have little calculators at the market, and they type in a price and show it to you, then you take the calculator, and type in , what you want to pay.....inbetween...is the real price.....but always go lower and leave....trust me...they will follow you and renegotiate...The food was great...We ate at the Japennese, American Grill, Seafood restaurants....the Japenese was awesome to go to, because the chef prepared everything right in front of you...the buffets were awesome too....lunch was was favorite because they served nachos and cheese...check it out, at the Agora buffet..The drinks were awesome too....A good favorite is a banana mama...a good rum drink...I recomend bringing an insulated mug with you...We brought 2 Bubba keg mugs ( holds 52 oz) and they filled them with anything, we asked....beer, banana mamas, rum, etc...and let me tell you, we could have sold them about 100 times....you can get them at any Canadian Tire for $19.99.....MAKE THE INVESTMENT....ITS WELL WORTH IT...you fill it up, before you go on the beach, and you drink stays cold for like, 3 hours....no joke....Reservations were kind of hard to get at first....but we did not know, you could book a reservation for the next day too...so once we did, we just booked the day before and had no problems......Its very hot down there...I wore a 15 on my face and burned it.....MAKE SURE YOU KEEP REAPPLYING YOUR SUNSCEEN ALOT...We just kept going in the ocean to cool down...The beaches were the best I ever seen in my life....just like bath water....and very clean...they pick up the seaweed every morning with tractors, before anyone is on the beach....clean towels are very easy to get too.....right next to the pool bar..........and their is many places to wash your feet full of sand too...I thought that was pretty cool...I would recommend this resort to couples and groups...and families...because we seen quite a few kids there.....and if you have kids....there is alot of things for them to do....I would rate this resort a 9 out of 10...We hope to go back soon.....  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>M&SOakville
<Content>Great vacation spot! Stayed at the Melia Caribe for 1 week during Easter. We were scepticle on reserving this resort based on what we read on this site, but took the chance - and glad we did. We travelled with our 3 year old - had very specific requirements: choice of food (11 restaurants here and the food was anywhere from average+ to amazing); a nice beach/ big pool - not crowded, though you had to have your towels on chairs by 7 -7:30 am to get one of the huts. Resort is geared toward couples and families, though the Tropicale side had far more kids than the Caribe side. Resort is not a 5* by North American standards, though we'd give it a 4+*. For the harsh comments we read about this place, we didn't see it. Yes, the mattress was kind of hard; yes, you had to wake up by 7 am and start calling the 'one' extension that all other guests are calling to secure dinner reservations for the next evening, (availability is limited at the more popular restaurants: the Gourmet was our fav - beef tenderloin and lobster, to chateaubriand:+++) and yes the resort is bigger. We liked the fact that restaurants/ bars/casino was in one area of the resort and the rooms a short distance away. We requested a room close to the pool/beach when we checked in - it was quiet where it needed to be and a 5-10 minute walk to the restaurants, though the shuttle went by frequently as well. Buffets (breakfast and lunch) were good, lot's of choice, something different everyday for lunch (and we're not buffet people), also BBQ on the beach every lunch. Tipping went a long way - we took a bunch of $ bills and it was appreciated. All in all, a great trip! We would absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking for RR. Our 2nd trip to PC and we will go back to the Melia.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED THIS PLACE ! My husband and i arrived at the Melia Resort on April 5th. We spent 2 wonderful weeks at this resort. I will admit at first it is very very big. After a few days we settled in quite well. The food was very good, the rooms were very clean and the gardens and wildlife are out of this world. The flamingos, the peacocks , all the different types of birds.. We really did not want to leave this resort. The beaches are fantastic.. Before we left for our trip i checked this trip advisor everyday. And some of the complaints people were making i admit i was a bit concerned. People complained about the train tram sticking and seaweed on the beach. I saw nothing of this. Sure a little seaweed but who cares? The train tram smelt ok to me and my husband. I ate everything under the sun, believe me... and not once did i feel sick or anything. And belive me i am pretty picky when it comes to food. So anyone who is thinking of this resort... go for it.... you will have a wonderful time. I also did not have any troubles making reservations... i just called at 7 am every morning... you had to try a couple of times, but i always got through... and then off we headed to the beach. Our room was 2622, we were close to the beach and very close to the grill restaurant Agora.... please say hi to Willie... he is by the grill making everyones eggs... and please tip these wonderful people, they work so very very hard... Also hi to Carlos who gets you your drinks for you.....What a wonderful place, we will definetly be back next year. I hope this information helps...Danny and Leslie Craig.For more info please do not hesitate to email.. l.d.craig@shaw.ca Vancouver Island  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stomach pains worth it?? Very large property. Stunning grounds. We stayed in room midway between the lobby/restaurant and beach. Reservations for dinners were ridiculious, told to call 7AM and when all the restaurants were booked we were instructed to call back again at 3, usually only had 1-2 restaurants (out of 11) to choose from or eat dinner at 9-930 every night. Buffets had great variety. Nice fresh cookouts at beah daily at lunch time. Rooms were clean and spacious. No bug problems. Did excursion on dune buggies, shuttle was a bit messed up and had a long wait, but worth the effort--was a nice ride through the villages and to beautiful private beach. Took long walks in both directions of the resort and this property seemed to be far superior than the others. Beach was lovely and no problems getting chairs. Ran out of beach towels at certain times of the day. Shopping at stores down the beach was a bit of a problem, tried to charge tourists triple what the items were worth. Had to haggle with them which got to be time consuming and irritating in the end, some even got a little nasty when you said you wanted to browse elsewhere. Nice employees at the resort, though. Husband got sick 4th night of trip, I barely made it home from the airport with stomach issues and 2 days later am still not normal. People on airplane had 5 teens get sick. When spending $1000.00 per day per person for a vacation, I'd recommend going somewhere where the tap water is clean. We AVOIDED it and still got sick.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was afraid to go after reading reviews...we had a great time We booked our trip in October and then I started to read the reviews and I was afraid we made a huge mistake in booking the Melia -I'm glad we didn't change it - We had a great time. There were 15 people in our group 7 kids (ages 11-18) and 8 adults one being a senior citizen. We couldn't believe how beautiful the grounds and the rooms were. We never had to ask for clean towels or water, they always replenished it. The breakfast buffet was the best. The kids could always find something they liked at the lunch buffet. They loved the soft serve ice cream in the afternoon. We did the dinner buffets the first two nights we were there. They were ok - not great. The rest of the week we ate in a different rest. Our favorites were the french (Ma Maison) the kids loved the grilled chicken and mashed potatoes and the other one was the Japanese. We also ate at the American, Dominican and Mexican. The size of the resort can be overwhelming at first. But after a day or two you get the hang of the place. We stayed in the 4500 block of rooms which was halfway to the restaraunts and lobby bar (our favorite at night) and halfway to the beach and pool. We enjoyed the exercise, our grandmother did use the train at times but she too enjoyed the walking. The weather was beautiful, sunny and warm every day and in the evening there was always a nice breeze.We did go on a day trip - Bavarro Runners - was a fun day - they take you to a sugar cane field, cigar rolling demonstration, fruit plantation, lunch at the beach and swimming and volleyball. Our guide Miguel was terrific - he definitely made the trip. Six of our group went parasailing and every day we reserved the sailboats, kayaks and paddle boats. Just make sure you see the men at the beach in the a.m. for the next day. We never had a problem with a reservation.Again, if you are nervous about this place, I say relax, you will be on vacation and have a great time.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ATM25
<Content>Great Experience in Royal Service       Deluxe suite sitting area  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thebartman
<Content>WOW what a nice to play for a week WOW!!!What a place to stay. To all the people who left negative feedback, I'm sure you are very unhappy in life and that sucks to be you.We were checked in within 20 minutes of arriving,then went to the bar and got a nice banana mama which was really good.We got to our room shortyly after; it was out standing! Very large and clean just perfect for me and my wife and daughter. I thought it was an upgrade but it was a standard room.The property was very large and very beautiful and so very clean. The train came in handy after along day at the beach or the pool and it dropped me and my family off at the door to our room. We never had to wait very long at all. That didn't stop us from walking either. The resturants were fantastic. The waiters were very friendly and gave great service. Remember, you look after the people that look after you and they will go over the mountain for you. There was always more than enough food, but I loved it. The meals were terrific, catering to all different tastes, and wants. To have breakfast or lunch at the beach buffet was our preference because you got the breeze to enjoy from the ocean, whereas the buffet at Atabales could get quite warm because it was not air conditioined or had fans. The Golf course was very good and it only cost $35.00 per person for the cart . If your other half didn't golf, they could pay $10.00 to ride along with you. Renting clubs were $45.00 which I thought was a little expensive, so take your own. I took sandwiches from breakfast and a cooler full of pop and water and ice. What a great day just to hang out and enjoy your holidays.All in all, we met some extremely nice people, who were happy with the resort, but we also met others who seemed like nothing would make them happy. We are planning on returning next year with our whole family, and friends, to make more happy memories.If you have any questions please feel free to email me at thebartman@rogers.com.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good times I have been to quite a few all inclusives in the Dominican, Cuba and Mexico and I had a very nice time at the Melia Caribe. The resort is beautiful, the beach and pool are amazing and the people are really nice. We had a few hiccups but nothing that would ruin a vacation.We requested a 2nd floor room near the beach on the caribe side and had no problems getting one. We were in Block 33.The resort is huge and we met alot of people who complained about this. If you don't like big resorts than you should go somewhere else.We took the trolley on the first day but then realized it was much quicker and nicer to walk. It took less than 5 minutes to walk to the beach and just over 5 minutes to walk to dinner. It might be a problem walking if you want to wear heels though, the path is uneven, we usually walked in our bare feet and then put our shoes on once we arrived.We ate at most of the restaurants and I found the food really good. The only restaurant I did not like was Le Gourmet (poor service, bad food and my mom thinks the fish made her sick) My favourites were Ma Maison, American Grill and the Japanese. The reservation system is kind of annoying but once you get the hang of it, it's okay. We could always get a reservation if we called around 7-8am day of, but it was usually at an obscure time like 6pm or 9pm. Everyday that we called, we made a reservation for the following night and could get anytime that we wanted. The breakfast and lunch buffet were okay... nothing special but many options. I did not eat the dinner buffet.The drinks were really good, if you ask for special drink like a pina coloda or margarita, make sure you ask for booze, there are alot of kids at the resort so they make alot of virgins. Their local beer was very good.The nightly entertainment was the usual cheesy dancing and I only watched the show 2 out of 7 nights. I didn't go to the disco.We had problems with our sunquest rep, the orientation is really what do you want to know and he did not tell us anything. We ended up almost missing our bus to the airport on the way home because of him.The room was okay and the bed was comfy. We had maid service everyday and had no problems getting water in our room everyday. I found the room smelled a little funny but we would just open the balcony door and everything would be fine.I know there are alot of negative reviews for this resort, but I think it's mostly from people who expect perfection. Don't worry if you go to this resort, It is really nice and you will enjoy.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best and Better than Expected Two families, 4 adults  4 teenagers, selected the Melia Caribe as our Spring Break vacation in mid-March 2006. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We selected the Royal VIP Suites and it was worth every dollar. Exceptional service, clean rooms, beautiful beach and grounds. We had read the reviews and a few made us just a bit apprehensive about our destination. However, both families can testify that this was one of the best vacation experiences we have ever enjoyed. The teenagers, juniors and seniors in high school, enjoyed the beach, pools, ice cream machines, buffets, lounging under the trees and pool-side cabanas. We had no trouble finding chairs, towels or reservations for restaurants. We do suggest you book your reservations early the day before although there was always a table available. We dined at the private restaurant by the pool, French, Japanese, Sea Food, International. I wanted to try the Dominican Republic restaurant, which I heard was great, but I could not convince the rest of our party. So do it and post a review. We had lunch at the buffet on the beach every day. Everyone found something they liked and we all tasted something undeserving of a second bite. You have to dine with an open mind. If you expect each course to taste as your tongue recalls the American version you will, at times, be disappointed. However, just move on to another dish. No need to whine about it. The big hit was the fresh pineapple. Best in the world. We would take 2-3 plates back to the suite and eat while we played cards. We never left the resort. Two kids loved parasailing. The snorkling experience off the beach was not our best activity. The sea was too rolly that day and the girls struggled with their masks. There are some off resort activities that looked great, and we had planned to go one or two, but we enjoyed staying within the resort. Four of us took advantage of the spa - massages and facials - which was perfect. Our biggest complaint was that we had to leave to go back to the real world. Both famlies give the Melia Caribe Royal VIP suite experience two enthusiastic thumbs up!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Royal Service and Melia Caribe We Just got back from an 8 day stay for our Honeymoon at the Melia Caribe in Punta Cana. It was like Heaven... We loved the Royal Service the food was awesome!!! The Hotel personal and Resturant Exspecially the Royal service Employees were outstanding.. I would Highly recommend this beautiful huge property to anyone thats looking for romance.. Thanks again tgo all the peopole we met .. we love the Dominican. The Cerny's St louis MO 63052  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Angelinabeasty
<Content>Best holiday ever. Holmfirth,Yorkshire,England19th April 2006We travelled with First choice to the resort of Punta Cana and had an excellent holiday. We had not been to the Dominican Republic before, but would definatley return. The people, food and service, was excellent. We stayed at the hotel Melia Caribe, and on arrival upgraded to the Royal Service which was fab. The only problem that we found was that you needed to book early in the restaurants to get a reservation. The Chinese restaurant is one to avoid, the best was the American Diner, and although we would have loved to go to the Japanese, we could not get reservations. David at the pool bar cooks excellent hot dogs and burgers, ideal for children at lunch time. The beach restaurants buffetts are great for lunch, all you can eat. The people are very, very freindly and make your stay fun. We will definatley stay at the resort again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>love it       pool/bar  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DO NOT STAY AT THE MELIA TROPICAL My husband and I stayed at the Melia Tropical in March for 7 days. That was 7 days to many. The place is way to big, you have to walk over a mile to get to anywhere. There is a train that will pick you up, however the fumes coming from the train is enough to make you sick. In order to get a reservation at any resteraunt you have to get up at 7:00 a.m. and call. Every place was always booked so you would get stuck eating in the buffet. The buffet was one of the most disgusting things I have ever seen in my life. My husband and I were sick every day. There were stray cats roming around the food area in the buffet. The mixed drinks even sucked. We both lost weight on vacation.....how many times does that happen???? The only thing this place had going was the pool and the beach. Thank god we found a little resteraunt down the beach to eat. Of course when you pay thousands of dollars for an all-inclusive you don't really want to have to pay to eat out at another resteraunt. Even the staff was not the friendly. We have been to many all inclusives and have had nothing but wonderful food and service. I do not recommend this place to anyone EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place... Worst Service Ever !! Wow, never have I witnessed service that bad in a 4* hotel.The staff over there pretend you don't exist. Transfered 7 times on the phone for a question regarding golf. I mean, I don't consider myself a demanding client, but I have my limits.Everything over there is a special order, from the bottle of water at the bar to having your room cleaned more than once in a two week stay.Not impressed. I'll probably never go back to a Sol Melia Hotel just because of that.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful Resort! I just returned from my trip to the Melia Caribe Tropical. I already have started looking into when I can go back. I was very skeptical about certain things because I read many reviews on this website. Please do not believe the negative things you read. I feel that some people will always find something to complain about, bottom line is this resort is wonderful and you are there to relax and have a good time.My boyfriend and I arrived and had an easy check in. We checked our luggage and went to our room. We had our bathing suits with us so we were able to eat lunch and change. This was good bc it took over an hour for our luggage to arrive. The pool and beach are amazing. It was not hard to get chairs, we did not wake up early and always found some available. The food at the buffet for lunch and breakfast was pretty good. There was always a huge selection and although I am picky I always found something. Our dinners were great. It was easy to get reservations at most places- Italian and Japanese were the hardest but we got both. You can always call at 3pm when people cancel and they put you in. The French, Ma Maison, was one of our favorites. The rooms were clean and very nice. I recommend tipping anyone who helps you- maids, bartenders, waiters. A few dollars goes a long way.Again, if you read any negative reviews don't be worried, this place is amazing. You will have a great trip!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honest Review This is not a five start resort. Maybe when it was originally built it was a jewel but now it is in need of some basic updates and repairs. You can see how preistine it must have been 5 years ago. The grounds however are very mature and inmmaculate. The beach and water are beautiful but like many of these kinds of destinations, with row after row or resort, you could be any where in the world. There is nothing to distinguish it from say Mexico or southern Spain. I felt as if they wanted to keep us well confined with in the resort area. Therefore the shopping is beyond expensive. The haggling for a $3 t-sirt starts at about $30 then you end up paying $10... hmmmm can get it cheaper in any TJMaxx!!! I had forgotten my contact lens solution. At home $5-99 a bottle. So I figured $10+ at the resort. $28!!!! Booooo! Another thing to watch out for is the beach towel scam. Upon turnning our towels in on the last day we were told that there were no more towel reciepts left and were asked to sign a sheet confirmimg that they had beeen returned. OH NO! when we went to check out they wanted to charge us $100 per towel because we didn't have the proper reciept. They will give you sob stries about it coming out of their pay. NO sale! Apparently this is a common scam. If they didn't offer you a receipt I would bring the wet towel to the front desk upon check out!All this said, we did have a very nice time. You can choose to focus on all of the negative or go with the flow. Maybe we were more relaxed about the resort because we were invited along with a friends work convetion because they had some extra spaces = we paid way less then half price. Had we paid the $6000+ I may not have been so calm.I suspect that the rave reviews of this resort come from people who are not used to traveling often in higher quality establishments. I suspect those who really panned the resort would probably not be happy anywhere! Or maybe they're the ones who paid the 6000+!If you are an enjoyer of fine food, this is also not the placece for you. I understand that they must cater to a standard palet but if you imagine a scale of one to ten the flavor was 3.5. Very clean. Very sanitary. Very boring. The fish tasted like the ice cream which tasted like the beef etc... What a waste with all of the fresh local produce available!!! This resort is a 3.5 star all day. That's it.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place but know what to expect We just got back from a 5 night stay at the melia caribe with our two children 6 and 10. The resort is quite lovely but very big!!! We stayed in unit 3623 which was beachfront and beautiful. It is great for the beach and pool access however when something goes wrong like your room key isn't working...you have a long 15 minute walk to the lobby!! And every night for dinner we had a long walk or wait for the tram, which I felt light headed from because of the fumes. We did not do the royal service but if it is in your budget I highly recommend it. You get royally screwed service if you are not on this plan. My husband and father (who just had hip replacement surgery) called to have golf clubs picked up and taken to the course but they refused...so they lugged them 1 mile. Royal service guests get picked up on golf carts and get chauffered everywhere, they also don't need to get up at 7:00 am to make dinner reservations everyday!The Japanese restaurant books in literally 10 minutes everyday so by 7:11 you can not get into it! I think they hold most seating for RS guests... they get priority treatment. RS guests also have a special beach area with bar service...everyone else has a long walk to the pool bar and by the time you get back to the beach your drink is warm. The beach is beautiful ,Pool beautiful, they keep everything very clean and most employees are generally very nice. Royal service also has a great buffet which is really nice and a special pool area which is quite impresssive too.The buffet food is not very good for the regular guests but the restaurants were surprisingly very good. Atmosphere in restaurants was great and service good too. I was expecting to get sick but did not. The only restuarant we did not like was Le Gourmet...skip it!Overall it is a great family place to take kids. It took us about two days to get comfortable in this large resort and figure out what was going on, but once we did we really liked it alot. As I mentioned in the beginning it is not perfect and if you know what to expect I think you will be very happy there. I wish we had done royal service...  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bethaa
<Content>Mixed feelings about the Melia We just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical with a party of 9. Six adults and 3 children ages 16, 13 and 10. This is a beautiful resort, with landscaping, flowers, and a beach setting which is hard to top. The restaurants, bars, lobbies, and rooms are beautiful, stylish, open and decorated with a real eye for detail and Dominican flavor. If that is where you want to stop, this is a perfect hotel.The service is always friendly, and willing to try to remedy any problem or request. They do, however, run on island time, which means that some things may take a bit longer than you're used to. Remember- you're on vacation! Relax. And keep your magnetized room keys away from cameras, iPods and other electronic equipment. Our keys de-magnetized several times during the week, which caused us to have to return to the lobby front desk to re-magnetize them. The front desk employees cheerfully did this for us, but after the third time, we were tired of it! Be careful!Many employees speak some English, but an attempt on your part to piece together a little Spanish is appreciated on their part. The resort is huge. Really spread out with areas connected by cobblestones walkways. There is a tram which runs around the property (which was appreciated by the older members in our group) but it could not be counted on to be on a schedule, because sometimes it would just pull over and the driver would take a break, which meant that you would have to get off wherever the tram stopped. It was also smelly- the diesel engine made a tram ride a bit unpleasant.If you don't mind a 15 minute walk (the longest a walk should take from one end of the resort to the other), I'd recommend walking.Our room was located in a perfect spot- building 24, near the beach, one of the large pools and a buffet which we ate at every breakfast and lunch. If your room is located in a building in the middle of the resort, you'd do a whole lot more walking just to get to the pool, beach or buffets. Requesting a room in a building near these amenities would be very smart.The pool was huge and gorgeous. And who doesn't like a swim-up bar? No watered down drinks here!The beach is breathtaking. A word of warning- if you want to reserve one of the palapas (the thatched umbrellas) on the beach to have some protection from the sun, get up early and lay out your towels. They go fast. We had at least one family member out by about 8 a.m. Anyway, who wants to spend the day in a hotel room, when you can be sitting in a chair on a beautiful beach? The good news is that by midafternoon, there is ample shade in the chairs near the palm trees. Beware, topless sunbathing is allowed. Prepare yourself (and your kids). Our biggest disappointment was in the restaurants. The breakfast buffet was the best. Lots to choose from. Lunch buffet, o.k., but not great. Remember, you are eating a dominican chef's interpretations of things like pizza, cheeseburgers, paella, salads, etc. Lots of salt in everything. A soft ice cream machine which was out of order for the first 2 days was fixed, and soon became a family favorite.Dinnertime gives you the choice between buffets and a la carte restaurants. Again, lots of salt, not great cooking. On the menus, the descriptions sounded pretty good, but most dishes didn't live up to expectations. We had decent meals at the French and Italian restaurants. Bad experience at the American Grill/Steakhouse, which listed one cut of beef on the menu. Not really a steakhouse. And you have to make reservations for these a la carte restaurants by calling a central number the day before. It's a bit of a game trying to figure out what time to call so that you can get in when you want to. We kept missing the window of time, and ended up being told that only 6 p.m. or 9 p.m. were available for our large party. We always settled for a later time, because we found a beautiful open air bar between the Mexican and American restaurants and didn't mind spending some time there on the beautiful couches hanging out until our table was ready. Sometimes you could go to the hostess and get in a few minutes earlier than your reserved time, so it is worth asking. Men must wear pants to the a la carte restaurants, and women dressed up a bit more than we expected. Our girls were thrilled to get henna tattoos poolside ($20 per girl, but they could have opted for more expensive ones too). We didn't do hairbraiding, but that was available. My 10 year old niece enjoyed the ceramics painting in a tent near the pool, again at an additional fee. My brother-in-law had a poolside massage,($35.00)and said it was above average. He was a happy camper.My 16-year old daughter and I went parasailing ($85.00). It was fabulous, but took up about 1 1/2 hours when you figure in the boatride out to the motor boat, etc. Great views, and my wimp daughter said it was not scary at all (her words!). It was frustrating that none of these add-ons were chargable to the room. So we found ourselves running back to the room for cash (not a big deal, since our room was right there, but if our room had been located farther away, it would have been an inconvenience). We charged the parasailing to our Visa, and we are awaiting our bill to see if the conversion to pesos works out to be $85.00 or more, because my husband said that the conversion rate the waterfront cashier quoted us was higher than it was supposed to be. We'll see.It would have been nice to have a print out of the day's activities to refer to each day. We happened upon water aerobics twice, but missed the daily dance lessons on the beach. Happened upon the class as it was finishing. It would be nice to know what shows are available that night, what classes, etc. are planned. We're not sure we'd go back to this resort. I guess if we're not going for the fine dining, it would be a good destination. The travel to and from Newark Airport was pretty easy. And the resort sure is beautiful!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>surfer217
<Content>The best of The best, unbelivable, just amazing, Spectacular W O W.The best resort we have ever stayed at, and we have been every where in the Caribean. The food ... Wow. buffet was great but there were 10 a la carte restaurants, all unbelivable. The 2 pools were unreal, these are almost the biggest pools in Punta Cana or seemed like it. We stayed on the Caribe side, just amazing. Our rooms were in the 37's it was a great location because we were very close to the restaurants, pool and the beach. Just Perfect. The night life was unbelivable,there was a disco and what we called ' The Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman bar 'because it seemed like you were goin to run into a star, this was called the Fun Pub, check it out. Also the Lobby was spectacular. The Best of everything... THE BEACH WOW ...a few tips get the early riser in your group to get up nice and early and reserve a cabana because it gets so hot in the afternoon, also there are these beds by the pool that you can just lay in. If you have heard anything bad about this resort file it under G for garbage because you are going to love it. We are going to try to return next year. IF you are going and you are nervous Don't be its Spectacular. S P E C T A C U L A R  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Who are these people giving bad reviews...... We stayed at the Melia from March 28/06 to April 4/06. Just like everyone else, I had read a few bad reviews that made me a bit skeptical.  I have been to Cancun, and my experience was not even in comparison to the experience I had at the Melia. In Cancun, our 4 1/2 star hotel was very sketchy as were most of the workers there, and it was not nearly as beautiful as the Melia. The staff are very accomodating and extremely friendly. They make very little money, so I suggest tipping what you can. The grounds are beautiful and very well kept. Our room (not Royal Service) was very spacious and always had lots of bottled water in the fridge. The a la carte dinners were wonderful. The Japanese is great because it gives you the chance to meet other people. The food is excellent! Our walk to the beach everyday was about 10 minutes and we never once took the train. The landscaping is so nice you don't need to. We had no problem with checking in and got the room that we had requested (King size bed). My only complaints were the weather and the seaweed. Two things beyond anyones control. They had workers doing their best to clean up the seaweed that was washes ashore. Your experience is what you make of it......so don't sweat the small stuff and just relax.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation ever I went stayed at Melia Caribe Tropical for 2 weeks in the beginning of March. It was the most amazing place ever. We were in Royal Service and it was absolutley fabulous. The pool was amazing and we walked by the pools that belonged to Caribe and Tropical and they were both absolutley gorgeous as well.. Very Spacious! There were many bars, the swim-up pool bar was a personal favourite of mine, I spent a lot of time there! The beach was about an 8 minute walk from our suite, but we didn't mind because the grounds were kept so well it wasn't hard to keep walking by so much beautiful scenery. The beach was very nice, longest beach I've ever been on. Yes, there was some seaweed, but it's a beach! There's supposed to be some seaweed. We ate at all the A la Carte restaurants. Our favourites were the Mexican, the Italian (Le gondola) and Ma Maison. They were absolutley amazing. The American Grill and the Japanese restaurants were also very good, but the three others were better. We were not crazy about the Chinese, but to be fair, we have very high standards for chinese food. For breakfast and lunch we ate at the buffets at the Royal Servicerestaurant, and it wasn't bad. The food was quite good actually. There was also a grill by the pool where they served hot dogs and hamburgers, and some left overs from the night before such as lamb and meat which was very tasty. If you have kids with a sweet tooth they will be in heaven to ehar this: There was an ice cream machine where you could go over and get your own ice cream as many times as you wanted, and it was very good. There were some kids who i never saw without a cone in their hand!There were several very nice lounges to hang out in before your dinner and also after. I got my pictrue taken on the beach with parrots, and a monkey and i heard that they also brought snakes a couple of times, unfortunately I never got the chance to see them.There is a lady who draws pastel portraits of you in the main lounge (caribe) and she is absolutley amazing. It takes time to get it drawn, but it is well worth it. You have to book in advance because she only draws one person a day, but if you get the chance, you should definitley do it, she has some serious talent. Both my parents are big golfers and they played golf every single day. I didn't get the chance to make it to the golf course, but I hear it was absolutleyy beautiful and worth playing at.If you are considering going to this resort, I reallt recommend it. We found service to be absolutley excellent, however there were some people who said that they found it quite slow. We thought it might be because we were Royal Service that it was so quick, so if you get the chance, you should really try and book Royal Service. It also makes getting Dinner reservations mcuh easier.I hope your vacation will be as good as mine was!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Melia Tropical Just arrived home from a great week at the Melia Tropical. We are a family of 4 (2 kids aged 2 and 12) and my parents (in their 70's). Overall the Melia is a spectacular resort - the grounds are breathtaking and so well looked after. My 2 year old loved the kids areas/pools and especially seeing Fred Flinstone and Dino walking around and posing for pictures.The rooms were really nice and clean and large and the maid always decorated them with all kinds of flowers every day. Although our rooms were near to the lobby (which is great for dinner but a 15 minute walk to the beach and pool) the train ride around the resort was a nice break from the hot sun and after a lot more food than you are used to eating it was nice to walk it off! The food we thought was really good especially the steaks, very tasty and tender! We tried 2 of the al a carte restaurants - The Dominican and the Italian - both good and no trouble getting reservations. The only minor thing that we are not use to in other places we have stayed in Punta Cana, was the seaweed, but what can you do about that - it is the ocean after all and if you moved up and down the beach a little there were lots of places where there wasn't any seaweed. The staff were very nice and friendly and accomodating. I would highly recommend this resort and we will definately return!!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>QueenHelly
<Content>Some people just don't get it... This place is great !       wedding set-up  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vacaynut
<Content>Loved it!! The Melia Caribe resort was absolutely FANTASTIC!!! The staff went out of their way to help in any way possible..they are friendly..outgoing...wonderful!!!The train that takes you from your suite to the main lobby runs every 10 - 15 minutes..never usually a wait..if you want to walk, the grounds are incredible.This resort is HIGHLY recommended by us!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely wonderful vacation!! We absolutely had a wonderful vacation! My two best girlfriends and I traveled to the Dominican Republic to celebrate our milestone birthdays. We stayed at the Melia Caribe from March 23 - March 28th. This was our first time in the Dominican Republic. The Melia hotel is beautiful. All of the workers we encountered were friendly and helpful. It is definitely worthwhile for you to have a English/Spanish reference book because many of the staff speak very little or no English. Our room was clean and more than enough room for three ladies to share even with one bathroom.The beach and the pool area are beautiful. We spent hours just basking in the sun on the plentiful lounge chairs and drinking pina coladas and margaritas.We thought the food was great! A great variety of 12 restaurantes. We were a little worried because we read the bad reviews on this website and others about the food, however we ate very well at the buffets and found the specialty restaurants' food delicious. If you stay at the Melia a must do specialty restaurant is Le Gourmet. Ask for Lopez, the manager. Lopez made our birthday dinner a night to remember with champagne, a speciality drink called Natasha, unbelieveable service from his entire staff, a delicious 3-course meal, and a special birthday cake they presented to me and my friends while all the lights in the restaurant were off and his whole staff came marching out of the kitchen to our table singing Happy Birthday in Spanish. It really was a night to remember.Yes, there are Melia staff waiting in the lobby to sign you up to attend their vacation club presentation. You either say No upfront or say Yes and go hear the 1-hour presentation. The representative will know whether or not you are a candidate to purchase a vacation package so if you are not, they will get rid of you quick. We went to the presentation knowing that we were not going to purchase anything, but we walked away with a free beach bag, T-shirts and hats. Again if you don't want to be bothered, don't go.The spa is wonderful, note if you want to get a manicure/pedicure, that service is at the Tropical Spa and the massage is at the Caribe Spa - you have access to both Spas.Definitely tip your servers, maid staff and other workers at the hotel because they appreciate your kindness and will definitely remember and go out of their way to make your stay comfortable.The downside of the vacation, (1)our vacation package included the roundtrip transfers to the Airport, it took forever to get to the hotel from the airport, we stopped at all the resorts, we were the last stop, probably when we travel again to Punta Cana, we will just take a taxi to drive us directly to the hotel (2)Our check-in process was fine, however we had to call a couple of times to get the rollaway bed that was listed in our room reservation. (3)we had trouble Saturday evening with the toilet in our bathroom. It took almost an hour for the maintenance man to come to our room and it was several hours after that before the toilet was actually fixed. (4) The bank does not operate the hours that are listed on the front door. Note, the bank is not operated by the hotel so there is not much they can do. Just bring extra cash so you don't have to go to the bank. (5) If you go on the Day trip to Santo Domingo, it is an ALL DAY affair, we left the hotel at 6:30 a.m. and returned after 9:00 p.m., so be prepared. This comment is for all the ladies traveling to the Dominican Republic, Dominican men are very charming and handsome. They LOVE...I mean they REALLY LOVE American women. Enjoy the attention you will receive from the men during your stay but don't get caught up in the moment. Keep your head and Be SAFE.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wpitex
<Content>29yr Old Couple - 9 Days - Recommend Royal Service       Melia Caribe from the air. See the group of buildings that looks like a "("? That is where...  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, Tropical, Hot, Relaxing THE TITLE : BEAUTIFUL , TROPICAL, SUNNY ,HOT .I AM FROM CAMPBELL OHIO,USA.The ocean , water ,resort was beautiful. Very nice people and helpful. The airport is clean and tropical and beautiful. Only problem was the food was bland. The breakfast and lunch ok but i could hardly eat dinner. one would be a millionaire to have a Mcdonalds or Dairy queen on the ocean. i did not like presidente Beer iliked the other rum drinks. I basically was their for tropical weather and white sand,turqouise water and beautiful pools with lots of relaxation. these people are slender because their food must be healthy. the lettuce was basically white (TEERIBLE). I went to Jelly Fish restraurant on the beach which i had to pay for shrimp coctail served on white lettuce with 1000 island dressing.{YUK}This cost $12.00 usa. The lobstor was mixed with some crab meat and tough. That cost $40.00.(USA) The Corona beer was the best thing they had. it settled my stomach. I will not go back even though everything was nice. i will try Mexico , I hear CanCUn has good food and all inclusive resorts.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice - but...... What we did and who we are:2 adults/2 children (3 and 1.5yrs).1 bedroom Master Suite, Royal Service.Room:Great!! Big, clean and beautiful.Royal Service:Whatever it costs you should do it. You can have room service anytime (with kids this is ideal in am). THey book your evening restaurants (never had a problem and did not have to call at 7am). Check in and out was easy/fast and efficient. Staff was great too. YOu also have your own pool area and restaurant. This pool was never overcrowded and generally much less choatic then the others.Pool/Beach:Great and beatiful.Babysitting:We hired babyistters each night ($15 per hour). They wwere always nice and on time. We alos used the Bam Bam Club each day for naptime. Sumi who worked there was very helpful attentive and nice. We had no problems and neither did kids.Bad:Food not the greatest. Mixed drinks - marginal at best.Our weather was bad 2 days. Rained all day once. Hard to blame them, but something to know.Scuba Diving never went out the whole week we were there. They blamed winds and or rain. Not sure what that was about i have scuba dives in all sorts of weather. I would recommend if you want nice beach, pools an room. And food is not your priority. The place is beatiful.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Just returned from Melia Caribe Tropical. My suggestion to anyone staying at this resort is to book the Royal Service Suites. This is the only way to stay and feel as if you matter as a guest.Royal service has its own pool area, resturant, and beach with drink service. You also have a shuttle service through out the entire resort. Just call royal service reception from any location and the shuttle will come get you. You never have to use the Train service. Thank goodness.Royal service rooms have room service great for breakfast. Also you do not have to get up at 7am to make reservations just ask your butler to make them for you. You also have a pillow menu, Aromatic, baby, feather, allergy, kid, orthopedic, order each morning they will be delivered when they turn down your bed. The pull out bed needs extra support  extra mattress call maid service.The pool grill cooks name is David he will cook you a grat hamburger  chicken nuggets for your kids in royal service pool. Royal service resturant food was good, if you special request Lobster they will make it happen. Resturants:Japanese Great food  service, Mexican great food  poor service, Dominican Great food  service, French great food  service, International the worst tasting good service, Seafood good food  service, American good food  ok service, We never ate Italian, Chinese. Drinks were good,royal service is the only place at resort to get top shelf liqour.We were a group 5 adults, 5 kids ranging in age 5mths to 12yrs. It was a great resort, with really great people who work there. We are a family who believes in tipping and we did get great service. We will be returning next year.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bstillitano
<Content>Pros and Cons of Melia Caribe with kids We just got back after spending eight days at the Melia Caribe. Here are some things you must know especially if you are gong to travel with children. Mine are 7  5 years old.If your children are picky eaters (mine are not)you better pack snacks. The food is just okay. If your kids are only accustomed to eating a cetain type of pizza (which they do have at every lunch buffet)it is not made with the same type of mozzarella cheese that we use here in the states.On the subject of food - breakfast was very good. They had a nice buffet selection (pancakes, french toast, eggs, fruit, etc..) Lunch was always a buffet as well, however in my opinion, generally not very good. You have many choices for dinner. We never had a problem with making a reservation because we wanted early seatings (6 0r 6:45 pm). The best restaurant was the French restaurant. If you could eat there every night do it. The Dominican was alright. The seafood was terrible, and so was the Japanese. Now you will hear that the Japanese is very hard to get reservations for and this is true. Truth be told the only reason it is hard to get reservations for is because it only seats 30 people at a time, not because the food is good. Atabales was actually a very nice choice for dinner, I wish we discovered it earlier on.The staff throughout the entire resort is extremely friendly. And although most do not speak English which can be difficult at times, they all try to me helpful. We took advantage of many services at the resort:the Kids Club was wonderful. My children were in the Bamm- Bamm club (ages5-8) and they loved it. There are many diverse activities. They kept a very watchful eye on them. We didn't, but if you chose to you could leave your children all day from 10am- 5:30pm and then 7pm-9:30pm. At night they had shows and activities for the kids as well. You could attend with them or drop them off. There is private babysitting in your room available also. We used this service one night so that we could see a show (which they change night for the adults) and then go to the casino.My husband played golf a couple times during the week. He said the course was beautiful.I took advantage of the spa. The massage was well worth it. It was wonderfully relaxing. Do not waste your money on a manicure and a pedicure. It was not good, and because of the humidity my nails did not dry for a day and half.Oh, very important fact - bring enough cash! The hotel and the bank will not cash a check. There is an ATM machine but it dispenses pesos, and the bank to convert into dollars wanted a ridculous fee.I would also strongly recommend that you bring plenty of toys or games for your kids. If you do not bring pool or beach toys you will have to pay abot $10.00 for a pail and shovel at least! Also if it rains, there NOTHING to do. Bring games for you kids.Please do not forget medicine for you children especially. We were so careful, no water that was not bottled, no salad, etc... and yet both of them got sick.All in all, we had a nice vacation. The resort is beautiful, the staff is friendly, there is plenty to do. Would I go back to the Domincan Republic? No. From now on, my family and I will only travel to places where I know the food/water will be safe.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nytraveller63
<Content>Awful if it rains If it rains, be prepared for your children to have absolutely nothing to do. There are no inside facilities for them, no entertainment and no video arcade as advertised on their website. Not even a lousy small room for the kids to hang out in and watch a movie. If it rains your kids willl drive you crazy!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sick to our stomachs After researching the resort online and consulting with our travel agent, my husband and I decided the Melia would be a great honeymoon destination. What a mistake!We arrived mid-afternoon after travelling all night with no sleep after the wedding. We were told that our room was not ready and had to wait in the unbearable humidity for several hours. When we were finally able to enter our room, the complimentary fruit basket and champagne were no where to be found. We were also told that because we had not prebooked dinner reservations we were unable to dine in one of the resort's restaurants and would have to eat at the buffet, which we did. The resort's system of having to wake up at 8:00 to call and make dinner reservations for that evening was quite annoying. Not only was it difficult to get through to the operator, many times we we found the retaurant of our choice was already full for the evening--at 8 in the morning!We did enjoy two nice days by the lovely pool and gorgeous beach, including a fun excursion swimming with the sharks and rays. However, it was on day three of our seven day stay that things got ugly. My husband and I both came down with some sort of food poisoning/bacteria that kept us bedridden for the remainder of our honeymoon. Refusing to eat anything more from the buffets (food sitting in an outdoor area, flies buzzing around, cold food not cold) we sipped Sprite and ate Cheetos from the overpriced hotel store. Instead of spending our honeymoon enjoying the tropics, we watched TV from our bed with upset stomachs and counted down the hours until our plane ride home. It is an understatement to say we were happy to return to the States later that week.The resort really does have some lovely features including fine dining, landscaped grounds and a train system for transport throughout the huge property. However, this was far from the relaxing and enjoyable honeymoon we had hoped for, and we will not be going back. We are going to try again this summer with a second honeymoon to make up for what we missed out on the first time--this time in Mexico.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never in a million years Yes, it is true that the pools are outstanding and clean. It is also true that the grounds are beautiful with peacocks and flamingos roaming around but, that's where paradise ends. We arrived with our two children ( 3yr old and a 7 mth old) in the afternoon. After an abrupt check in where we were told we could not get towel cards till the morning, we were given directions to walk to our room. No esort, no tour, nothing. Beware of the friendly employee who then pounces on you to show you to your room. He is a salesman (one of MANY that slink around the entire complex all hours of the day and night) trying to sign you up for orientation ( a sales pitch for a time share) that will only take up an HOUR of your time. The room was nice, nothing great and certainly not 5 star. The problem was the 4 phone calls for the crib that was supposed to be there. It arrived around 9 pm finally. Also we had to make 2 phone calls for the bags after waiting over an hour for them.If you are traveling with children under the age of one, the baby club will be fine for them. They feed, change and play with the babies in an air conditioned room with an attached room with cribs for naps. The club for 2-4 years old is THE SAME ROOM.. We asked about the outdoor jungle gym and sand box area and were told that it is for the older campers (4-13) and when they are done being outside for the day maybe the younger kids will be brought outside. Needless to say the 3 year old did not want to stay in the baby room, so he spent his days with us. We noticed that there were alot of kids his age with their parents outside of the club and in general agreement the other parents found the club a dissapointment as well. The food was okay, always the same at the buffets for breakfast and lunch. They do have many resturants but, you need to make reservations @ 7am and even then they are booked until 10 pm. Therefore dinner was a buffet as well. You need to be aware of the schedules of the resturants because some do not serve dinner. Of course we found this out after a 30 minute wait and trolley ride across the resort.The front desk and GUEST SERVICES were very unhelpful and barely spoke english. We were constantly put on hold and transfered like they were hoping that you would just give up. Just an example: we ordered same day service laundry on wednesday @ 8am. By 6:30 the laundry had not reutrned. We were leaving on Thursday and were cleaning our long pants for the trip back. We made 2 phone calls to the front desk. No response. I then walked to the guest services where he made quite a show of calling 2-3 numbers. he assured me that he talked to the manager of the laundry and we would have our laundry soon. I returned to the room expecting our clothes to show up soon after.... 11:15PM there is a knock on the door. Our still damp laundry is returned under the wire for same day service. We brought up this issue at the front desk and refused to pay for the service. Instead of adhereing to the mantra  the customer is always right they tried to make us feel like dirt. The manager dramatically took the money out of his own wallet and handed it to the receptionist to pay. If he thought for one moment we would be shamed into paying he was dead wrong.  The gift shops are VERY expensive!!! An example: a package of travel wipes ((12) was $4. And the picking are slim. Don't leave home without medicine for your stomach. We all got sick and are still sick 2 days later.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MissKitty68
<Content>Happy Holiday Virgins! Read if its your 1st Time! My husband and I stayed at the Melia Caribe March 19-25, 2006. We had never been anywhere in the Caribbean and chose this resort for the golf (for him) and the spas (for me). We are so glad we chose the Melia Caribe and now that we know the ropes will definitely go back!We booked through Air Transit and flew out of Hamilton, ON. Upon arrival we were a bit lost as there was no representative to meet us.WARNING: Do not hang around the lobby or lobby bars while waiting for your room. The Timeshare guys will get you! We were in the Caribe bar and a gentleman wearing a Sol Melia polo shirt with a tag that said PROMOTIONS approached us..Being in Public Relations myself I thought he would direct us to different things around the resort. He was very friendly but hooked us in big time. STAY AWAY from these guys if you now what's good for you. Some people like the free stuff and having their dinner reservations made for them but we had no trouble getting our own reservations. Just get up early make the call and go back to bed (or in our case go out for a walk or to breakfast). We did honour our promise to the gentleman and went for our VIP breakfast (what a joke..it's just the regular buffet that we had paid for in our all inclusive) and listened to a high pressure sales pitch and tour. But at gorgeous 80 degree weather we could not wait to get out of there and go enjoy our precious few days. The pitch is you spend close to $16 grand American and can stay at any Sol Melia resorts in the world. Now back to the vacation which was absolutely fabulous...Our Air Transit representative never did show up for our orientation so we decided to just go to the beach and talk to people and find out what to do. We met so many wonderful people from all over the world but the people we met from New York were the best!! We stayed in a 39 room which was perfect! It is halfway between the beach and the main lobby and our room backed onto a lush garden. I was concerned about all the walking I had read about but really it was only 5 minutes from our room to the beach/pool and the grounds are so lovely it was a pleasure to just be outside. The block of rooms we had were perfect-halfway between the pool and the dining.We do not speak Spanish and the staff tried but barely spoke English. No probelmo for us! We believed that since we were guests in their country we should try and speak their language. We bought a Spanish phrase book before we left (highly recommnded) and it was a great help. Remember: Smiles are international and the Dominican people are so friendly and helpful. We left a five dollar tip the 1st day for housekeeping and $2 everyday after that. We had extra pillows, towels, etc and they restocked our fridge with bottled water everyday. We LOVE food and were a bit concerned after reading the reviews before we left. We thought the food was GREAT! We ate at the buffets and the restaurants. We ate like KINGS and were treated like royalty. We tipped dollar bills to waitstaff everywhere we dined.We went to Sonoa Island and it was a wonderful day and worth every penny!!! My husband only golfed one day..the course was gorgeous but long. I went to both spas and ladies please go be pampered by the womderful staff. I had a facial and pedicure and my husband and I enjoyed an outdoor massage for two!I think the way to a great trip is all in your attitude. Its the Caribbean and they run on their own time. Leave your watch at the room and relax! We found the clean, beautiful rooms and grounds, the great food and the awesome staff made up for any small inconvenience. Like many of you we work very hard all year and we weren't about to get nit picky on vacation. We just tipped, smiled and were our friendly Canadian selves and had a FABULOUS time. Can't wait till next year and another trip to Melia Caribe!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dozer17
<Content>ok, would not go back This hotel was just okay. My husband and I went way back in the beginning of October for a quick honeymoon. Warning do not go in October, it rained all four days non stop. We had to beg for an umbrella at the front desk. I agree with some of the reviews but by no means is this an excellent hotel. First on our way from the airport I thought we were going to die the guy couldn鈥檛 drive for sh*t. Usually when you arrive at a tropical resort you are greeted with a drink of some kind, not here. You are greeted with humidity, it felt like you had a wet sweater on. Not only that but they ask you to put your luggage to the side and they will bring it to your room for you. Well and hour later we decided to walk back and bring our luggage to our rooms ourselves. The room was nice, big bath towels, big bathroom. They need to fix their furniture. Travelers tip put a towel under the bottom of the door. This is how I stopped the COCKROACHES from entering the room and my suitcase.  The grounds are definitely beautiful and you can see pretty birds. Breakfast and lunch was nothing special, same thing everyday. Dinner was great, my husband and I chose a different restaurant each night. Make reservations early! The bartenders were fine, they will look past you if you don鈥檛 tip. Stick with beer. I was one who got sick form the food and frozen drinks. They do give you bottled water for free when you ask. We sat under the playas in the rain trying to make the best of it, we couldn鈥檛 swim because the water was cold and I for one don鈥檛 like the little lizards that run around. Be prepared to walk.. A LOT . The resort is huge and when it rains you don鈥檛 want to be crammed into the train that smells like an armpit. There is absolutely nothing to do here. I did enjoy the disco show. You can go into the casino if you like to gamble, but that gets old quick. AC in there, which is a plus. I couldn鈥檛 wait to leave this place; it was an awful honeymoon for me. Oh I almost forgot, make sure to connect to an outside operate for the states, otherwise they will charge you $35. for a connection fee. We will not be returning to the DR, we will be going to another island for to weeks to make up for this poor resort and honeymoon.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>e44
<Content>Fabulous Resort Just returned from Melia Tropical. Fabulous resort. Actually one big resort with 2 sides the Caribe and the Tropical. Best units to stay in are 1-6 and 24-28 - these are closest to the beach and the pools. This is a really big resort and does require a lot of walking - but there is a train service that comes on a full cicuit through the resort that actaully is kind of fun - our kids loved it.Anyways - the good:Beach - Spectacular - there is a bit of seaweed - but it is an ocean - it is the most gorgeous aqua blue-green water, calm and soft, cold white sand - WOW!!!Food - The food is very good also - 8 restaurants - Japanese, Chinese and French are the best - American average you have to start calling at 7am the day prior to book though. (hint - go to the timeshare for 45mins and they will book all of your places for the week)Buffets - are good also - clean and organizedResort is sooooo clean - great job of keeping it immaculate Rooms - excellent - Activities - very good also - but you have to be early to book in order to get the hobie catsCasino - good (even though my Wife lost lots)Drinks - lots of bottled water, no problems getting drinksBeach chairs  shelter - lots available - but like all caribbean destinations - get up early if you want the best spot - look for the lounge huts at the side of the pool - awesome for kids - lots available even after 9amPools - WOW!!! Large, shallow and deep ends - lounging areas - no hot tubs though and they close at 7pm - which was a bit of a drag if you have kids that like to swim at night alsoThe negatives:Shopping - be careful when negotiating - they are sometimes forceful - knock 70% off they tell youTrips - Manati park okay - Sanoa Island - supposed to be good - but expensive $85 per. Book online yourself and save $30/person instead of through your travel repThis is a first class resort and we have been to a lot. There are very few mosquitoes, wonderful facilities and lots of kind generous staff that work like crazy to make you happy. Remember they operate on holiday time and just relax and enjoy!!! I would definitely go back!!!! Ask for Cesarin at the front desk of the Tropical - he set us up in the perfect rooms - adjoining with 3 kids - very handy and spacious. Didn't try the kid's club but heard that it was pretty good.One other thing - don't bother converting to Pesos - they all want US dollars and the Peso is worthless once you convert back - just take lots of $1 bills for some tips - I spent about $40 in tips to the maids and some very good wait staff- who were extremely appreciative - and not expecting it!!! Tipping is not necessary, not expected and definitely a personal preference.Flew Skyservice - no problems - excellent and on time - watch you bag weight 20kg per bag - Domincan side will charge you $5 / kg over and they are very sticky about it on your trip backLook at other reviews with skepticism - as this is a first class resort!!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>enjoyable mostly because of David.. I am not the writing type, so will write a quick review. I stayed with my family, and family friends, with 2 kids the same age as me. Stayed 3/12 to 3/19. we all got wrist bands that say we are 18 so pretty much, what ever you wanna do, you can do it. I am 17, and had a great time at this resort, everything was good except the resturaunts. Japanese was my favorite, very good. Beach partys are excellent too, or people 18-30.. The lady first thought i was older then 18 so she gave me a wrist band for the people older then 18. highly recomend if you look anything like 18, tell them your 18 and this place will be the vacation you have always dreamed of. Wether its the beach partys, or the reading during your massage, its deffinitley good to be 18. The pool was very nice, although there was not a hot tub on the resort. the golf course was exellent, just watch out for the houses they are building next to the golf course, i hit 3 different houses (by accident). The beach party is on a different resort, you go on the beach head to the right about half a mile, just follow the music. the beach party starts at around 12, ends at 4 am approx. hopefully you dont get the room number 4106.. (has a bad reputation) but yeah, all in all.. i had a great time at the melia caribe.. and would deffinitley go back. ps. david loves making burgers if your royal service.. and yeah its free so even if your not hungry as for a burger who knows? i dont..  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Nice Time We just returned from staying at the Melia Caribe Tropical this past Monday. I read many reviews before my trip and was a little nervous about staying here. The hotel itself was beautiful - the pool and beach area were wonderful. The service there was fine although my husband does speak spanish so it made the communication easier. Our room although clean and nice had a mosquito problem. I know this is the Caribbean but I must have killed 6 mosquitos each night in our room before going to bed. This however seemed to be only a problem with our room because friends of ours were staying in an adjacent building and they were able to leave their doors open while we had to run into the room and close the door immediately behind us. Even with the mosquito problem the rooms were still nice. I know a lot of people complained about the food. Although it was not great there were some good restaurants. The Chinese restaurant was excellent. The food was great, the service was great (they kept filling our glasses with drinks without us requesting it and were very attentive) and the desert (the fried banana) was amazing. The Mexican restaurants was also very good. We also ate in the French resteraunt which I thought was good but another person I was with found that the steak was salty. Don't get me wrong the food there was not amazing but it was definitely edible and the Chinese and Mexican restaurant above average. There was also a specialty night at the Atabales buffet and the grilled steak was seasoned very well - just make sure you ask for it well done. On another note for lunch the Italian restaurant and the Agora Grill were very good (the Agora Grill had grilled chicken that was very good). The drinks at this hotel definitely could have been better - they didn't seem to put much alcohol in them so make sure you request it. The Avenue Lounge was a very nice place to just sit, have a few drinks and enjoy the surroundings. All in all our trip was good but I don't think we'd go back to the Dominican Republic because there are better places to visit.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation Just returned from Melia Caribe Tropical on March 19th.My husband  I did the Royal Service. Excellent choice for this hotel. We were 5 minutes to the beautiful beach. It had a waiter who would serve drinks on the beach. Private pool great. Weather predicted rain and clouds for that week but it was gorgeous every day. Easy to get reservations for restaraunts with Royal Sevice. Food was pretty good. We ate at Dominican,Japanese,Capri,Chinese,French and all were good. We tried alot of things we never had. Some were good some were not. Had no stomach problems until the last day. Got a few pains and now that I am home Ive had to make a few trips to the bathroom. I even took Pepto sometimes just as a preventative medicine.Stomach still doesnt feel quite right.Its been 2 days so far. I tried to be careful of what I ate. No salads. Also at beach buffets where we ate every breakfast and lunch I didnt eat anything I thought had been sitting out for a while.They seemed to be on top of changing food bins even before they were empty. My husband ate pretty much the same as me and he was fine. The place is big but easy to get around. We did alot of walking beacause you feel like you need to walk off all the food. Royal service has a private train to the beach if you want. The restaurants were all about 5 to 10 minutes away but the walks were great. We saw all the shows at the Caribe lounge and enjoyed them all. Shows are at 10pm so its good to get your dinner reservations by 8-830pm. Royal service had alot of families but it didnt bother us much. There is a kids pool for them. We did check out one of the other pools but royal pool was nicer and much less crowded. We also had a small grill at the pool for snacks. Our room was great. Building #50. Overlooked pool. Room had kitchen large livingroom and bedroom with king bed. Also had jacuzzi that you can have drawn for you.We came back from beach and jacuzzi was waiting with bubbles and flower pedals and candles. Would definately recommend Royal service over other parts of resort. If you were on the Tropical side near restaurants you were pretty far from beach. If you want to be near beach and dont do royal service you should request rooms in the 30 blocks. I would stay at the Caribe side over the Tropical side if no royal service. Just seemed nicer and closer to all things. The maps make everything look so far away but everything is really close. Royal service is at the end of resort but close to everything. Overall it was very relaxing and a great place to just chill out and do nothing. Would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Positives and Negatives My wife, my 2 sons (2 and 7 yrs) and I went to the Melia Caribe March 12-19. We are from Montreal, so we really needed to escape the cold here. Flight with Air Transat, arrival, and check-in were perfect. We checked in the Royal Service section, however, I did not see any line ups or problems at the regular section either. The room was big enough and they accommodated with a crib as soon as we asked. I have to state here that service from all Hotel employees we dealt with was excellent.It was somewhat windy during that week, so the water was agitated with plenty of weeds. I still enjoyed it, my wife was expecting better quality water though. The beach was nice, but it lacked embrellas even in the Royal Service section. Basically we ended up moving many times while at the beach to get some shade for our kids.The RS pool was very nice albeit smaller than the other pools, but quiter and very enjoyable. The room was very clean and Andrea did a very good job maintaining it. Thank You Andrea!Our biggest disappointment was the food. Quality was surely below average at the a la carte restaurents and we tried all of them except the Japanese one. We ate a lot of pasta during the week!Probably the most enjoyable moments were the excursions, we did a few of those: Horse back riding (my 7 yr old and I), Manati Park (the whole family), and a trip to the Saona island for the whole family. The island trip was the greatest and that is where we discovered that the other side of the island (ie La Romana) has calmer waters than Punta Cana. Manati Park is also nice as our older kid (we lied and said he was 8)had fun swimming with Dolphins. Our 2 yr old seem to have suffered from many mosquito bites despite using the necessary spray (BTW, do not get aerosol spray as you might not be able to take it onboard the plane). He also has one of his hands swollen.... we're hoping it is nothing to worry about.Overall,it was a good vacation despite the windy week-- if you want clam waters, either consider La Romana or hope for less than 10 km/h wind. Again, the only complaints are the food and potential health issues.If you have kids and plan to go to the DR, our advice and regret (as we did not do it) is to bring some type of mosquito repellant to put in your room at night. Also another advice is to bring your kids favorite snacks along with you.BTW, we did not use the kids mini club but understand from others who have used it that it is excellent to quote some friends.Have a good vacation. If you need to contact me with any questions, you can email at faycal@gmail.com  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mist215
<Content>Better than expected I just stayed at this hotel for 10 night.Reading reviews about this hotel I wasn't sure what to expect. Some people liked it, but some completely hated it.. I'll try to be short and to the point.My fiancee and I  late 20s/early 30s 10 nights My parents  mid 50s  7 nights celebrating 35 yr. anniversary.Pros:Nice rooms, nice villas. --Be pro-active to reserve appropriate villa upon arrival. --Check-in guys provide you with resort map --Take a few minutes to understand it. --Ask for the second floor close to the beachRestaraunts-- food is very diverse and very good-- Ate and loved: Mexican, Capri, Italian, Dominican ,Japanese, French cuisines-- Easy to make reservations via phone 24 hrs. ahead ~ 7:15 am.-- Very pleasant servicePools/Beach-- Pools were large and nicely shaped -- We are more of a beach people and stayed on the beach instead.-- Actually able to swimm in the ocean.Resort size-- Beautiful landscape-- Gorgeous alleys to walk.-- Takes 10-15 minutes to walk from the beach to restaurants.-- going back: one can take a trolley service that runs every 15 minutes.Sports:tennis and golf are available and are very easy to book.Entertainment-- Salsa every night in the lobby-- Disco (hip-hop, rap) every night at the pub-- Awesome lounge (reminded of Bed in South beach)So-so/Cons-- Buffets can be better but they are not terrible-- Thursday night dominican night in Los Attabalos buffer is the worst. -- didn't eat but heard bad things regarding: International, American grill restaurans-- Chinese restaurant was just o.k.-- Drinks are just o.k. , nothing compare to Manhattan but it wasn't bad.-- Played golf with people from Royal Service and they thought it wasn't worth it .. too expensive for what they were getting.-- Beach parties had no taste-- People who hate walking will definitely hate this resort.OverallBeautiful resort that is worth your money and time. It is not perfect but we had an awesome time and enjoyed it to the fullest.Repeat Note: People who hate walking will definitely hate this resort.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! Left the Melia on March 14. We were there 10 days. Absolutely beautiful resort. The grounds are magnificant and clean. We were in building 1 right across from the outdoor buffet, ocean and pool - perfect location!! The staff was gracious, friendly and fun. The food was fine. Really enjoyed the Mexican and Italian restaurants. The walk to the lobby and restaurants took us about 12 minutes - did it everyday except a couple of evenings when I had high heels on. The train was usually on time - every fifteen minutes but could be off by 5 or 10 minutes. We went on the safari and snorkeling excursions - they were both great. Played golf three days and bartered with the natives for tee-shirts and jewelry on the beach - really good deals. Keep bartering until they turn a way from you. Took the ultra-light boat over the ocean and that was really a lot of fun.The steaks were not quite USA size but good and had flavor. There were five us and all three men, didn't get sick, but for a few days couldn't be too far from the toliet. They all ate the lettuce, we women did not. Don't know if that was it but that was the only difference in food. We were only approached twice about time shares and did not bother us when we said no. The water was a little cooler than most places we have been and we had wind every day but it was quite comfortable and we all came back with great tans. The Melia seems to cater to families and there were a lot of young kids. All seemed well behaved and it was fun to see all the little ones. Defintely would go back!!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honest Trip Review Here - Beautiful Resort * I've read the reviews over the last month before going to Punta Cana. I do understand, as Americans, we expect allot. * TRANSPORTATION - The Bus ride to the resort is disheartening. I felt bad to see the poor people of this country watching us drive by so excited to get to paradise. I also was praying that a flat tire was not possible.* RESORT - The resort was beautiful, the scenery and the reception for our large group was great. However, I do not know what we would have done if we were not in a large group (over 100 people). We had everything coordinated. If I was there with my wife or even another couple I do not know how we would have remotely communicated with them. They need to hire an American marketing manager (if one would ever take the job). A note to help many - our Cingular cell phone would only take incoming calls (check with them to get the outbound dialing code from Dominican Republic) - or just call from the room. We did on the last day it was only $1.00 for about 2 minutes. Cingular was $1.69 a minute. Something the hotel does not tell you - so ask at check in (secure an interpreter first). The ATM machine distributed Pesos and then you can convert them at the bank on the property (I wish I knew this 鈥?it was when I was checking out that I found out). The walks around the resort are nice and the train (tram) helps as well. Just be careful of the many trucks and mopeds flying by you and the exhaust that they leave behind. We saw a snake in the walkway as well 鈥?so watch those late night walks.* FOOD - The food seemed ok - the all-inclusive was a good deal - however, we passed up over 50% of the spread. I stuck with the French-Fries the hamburgers and the fruit. They give you bottled water in your room fridge and some soda which is great. They promise that the ice is purified and the water at their restaurants is as well - and any slushy drinks. But I sat at a bar for over an hour and watched them rinse a few things with tap water - like a blender and other containers...(just an observation). * BEACH - The beach was very nice. The water is great and the water sports are very good as well. Walks up and down the beach are a must. Don't be surprised when you see about 5% of the women topless. Get that sun screen 鈥?and bring it 鈥he bottles are $15-$25 at the resort. Bring bottled water everywhere and drink allot of it!* POOLS - The pools are magnificent. The pool bars are great. Plenty of lounge chairs. Kids section with the Flintstones theme. Bring bottled water everywhere and drink allot of it!* CASINO - The casino is small. Be sure you don't make loud noises in there they may call the authorities (although it seemed) and the staff in the casino are ok... besides the one cocktail waitress (if you can stretch and call her that) that cursed me out when I did not order a drink from her. * BARS - The pool bar tenders were entertaining and work very hard for not many tips. The other bars are very nice settings. You must spend a relaxing night in the cushy Manhattan style AVENUE BAR. Well worth it. Close to the Casino and the VIP Suites area.* AIRPORT - I know that some of you say the Melia Caribe Tropical is not responsible (I agree) - but this must be told if you plan to go you should get the full truth. Incoming... not bad, we were excited. But make sure you buy the $10 tourist card before you get your passport stamped. Then you are through... good luck if you do not have transportation secure before hand with the resort. Outgoing... The lines to check out to leave are incredibly huge. This was a Sunday early pm - so maybe plan a Wed to go back home..? They hand check EVERY bag so it takes for-ev-er. We got there 2.5 hours before our flight and just made it. Some of the lines are in the hot sun (immigration). First line is the Airline, next is the Immigration line, next is the Xray line. Then you get to the terminal. I wish someone wrote this review last month to help me to know what to expect. You can thank me later. Bring bottled water everywhere and drink allot of it!* AFTER - I thought I had too much sun - and that I did not Bring bottled water everywhere and drink allot of it. But in turn my Doctor told me I caught a bug there. Whether it was the food? Whether it was the day I put my contacts in and maybe didn't let my hands air dry - or maybe shouldn't had let my hands air dry? Whether it was the orange juice I drank - or the hamburger I ate? Who knows? but I was in-capacitated two days after my trip very sick - trips to the doctor back home and one to the lab - I'm waiting for the results as to what I caught. I have been dehydrated and nauseous for two days. I would just recommend talking to your Dr before going. Maybe a prescription of TIGAN (Nausea) and one of CIPRO (antibiotic) may be good to have handy when you think it's starting. Just bring Imodium or Pepto with you 鈥?a bottle of Pepto is $30 there鈥?supply and demand 鈥?one thing they are smart about.* SUMMARY 鈥?I tried to be very honest here and point out the good and the bad. The reality is that I will not go back to Punta Cana and will think twice about an island other than Hawaii, Bermuda, Virgin Islands, etc. (or a cruise). This should not stop you from going 鈥?but should help you to put your guard up to expect some of the things I experienced and explained. I took my time and wanted to help you be prepared so you have a better time. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect weather for golf not beach. Just came back from Melia Caribe Tropical. After going to Aruba for 6 years in the row finally decided to try something new. First surprise was that we had to pay $10 each to enter DR. Then the calling card that I've purshased on-line didn't work there, you can't dial 800 number from a resort phone. Resort is gourgest,food was good, beach is beautiful, service is good.However the weather was a problem for us. It was not warm enough and cloudy every day with gusty winds. One day it rained for about 3-4 hours. The wather in the ocean was cool and a lot of sea weed. Probably we are spoiled with Aruba weather where is very warm and you don't need to towel after swimming and Carribian sea in Aruba much warmer and cleaner. At the end of our stay my husband got stomach problems and our daugther and I got severe stomach flu symptomps already at home. We had an OK time, but we will not came back to DR this time of the year. Probably keep going to Aruba - Happy island.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Vacation in Paradise I don't understand the negative reviews of the Melia. This was our 2nd visit and it was absolutely perfect. First visit was wonderful also. We traveled via Vacation Express: flights were pretty much ontime and when we checked into the Melia, they upgraded us to a Royal Service suite. It was gorgeous! HUGE room, plus it gave us access to their new pool and restaurant which we thoroughly enjoyed. Everything is very clean, grounds are well kept and beautiful, food, though maybe not gourmet, was very good - in fact we thought it had improved a lot since our 1st visit - particularly the Mexican restaurant which was our favorite. Beach was so pretty - fine white sand  lots of palm trees. We only had 1 time share guy approach and no one else approached us at all! So we didn't consider that a problem. We traveled there with friends who also shared our opinion. We would do it again tomorrow if we could. Maybe next year we can return to paradise ....  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful Please don't listen to the negative! Me and my husband just returned from 5 days at the Melia. After reading some reviews before we left i was a little weary of going. After arriving we soon began to wonder how anyone thought negative of this place. Check in was alittle slow, but there was so much to offer while you waited for your room. The rooms are beautiful and spacious, the resort grounds are extrodinary! We have been several places fron Hawaii to St. Thomas to many other carribean places and this by far was the most beautiful. I am a very picky eater so i was afraid i would not find anything i would like to eat, but there was quite a variety and it was good, some people forget they we as americans are spoiled in the way we cook our food, but they do a good job. I read reviews about bugs in rooms and at the buffets, we did not encounter a single one.The staff were nothing but polite and very courteous. I think alot of people forget that you get treated the same way you treat others. if you are friendly and not demanding then they are friendly, but who isn't.We were absolutley astounded by how many people never tipped their serevers or bartenders or maids i guess we are just accustomed to tipping for a service even though this is an all inclusive resort they still deserve to get tipped as would any waitress in the U.S. and to them 1.00 is alot they are so greatful for that.We cant wait to go back with our boys! I would highly recommend this place to anyone (and have to several of friends and patients of mine).If you decide to go you definitley have to have a Mojito at the tropical lobby bar and tell Amaury hi! He will be one of the nicest people you meet there.You can tell him Melody and Guy said so to!Have a wonderful trip because if you go here you will!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mommy2natalya
<Content>Staff are Great! Me and my boyfriend and 6 other family members ages 24-71 stayed at the Melia Febuary 24 -March 1,2006.We stayed on the caribe side in room 3223 which was close to the beach, pool, and beach restraunt the room was nice but the maid service was not as expected. My family stayed in 3 other rooms close by and did not always get fresh towels as we all tipped and left gifts on a daily basis. First off the Resort and beach are both beautiful. The food is average we ate at the Chinese,Italian,and American grill I found the menu not to have many choice but the food was alright. The food and bar staff are so nice....We miss them. Rual bartender at the tropical pool bar is the best.We have maintained contact with him after returning home. Ramon in the tropical beach restraunt was great as well.My boyfriend speaks spanish which was a huge plus and very beneficial. My family stayed at the Iberostar in La romona and said the staff spoke very good english. English was not widely spoken but you could get by. We definatialy benefited form my boyfriend speaking spanish they appreciate it. The resort is very large we actually rented a wheelchair for my grandfather to make getting around faster. The walk to the restraunts and lobby are about 15 minutes. One thing that they don't do is stock beer in the fridge we left a note with money but never got any. Overall we enjoyed are stay I would love to try other resorts in the area but probally would go back because the staff were great. I would also request to stay on the Tropical side as it is a bit newer. Feel free to email me with questions.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dkurt
<Content>An Excellent Resort. We would definately go back. We just returned from the Melia. We have been to Cancun, Jamaica, the Bahamas and now the DR. The entire experience truly exceeded our expectations.Arrival:The open-air airport is relatively modern and was easy to get into and out-of. The resort was about a 25-45 minute ride depending on who was driving your transport vehicle. Unfortunately, you do see the poverty of this country along the way. In many ways it was similar to Jamaica.Checkin:Checkin was easy and the desk clerk got us a very nice room closer to the beach/pool area. This is a HUGH resort and the location of your room can influence your opinion of the place.Room:The rooms are modern with lots of marble and tile. They are mini-suites with a sitting room. Everything worked and housekeeping did a very nice job.Grounds:The grounds are just amazing. Again, it is a hugh resort but everything was clean and well landscaped. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. The language barrier was not a problem for us. Most of the staff spoke enough english to suit us just fine. The pool and beach were wonderful. They kept it all clean and we very much enjoyed them both.Food and Drink:Plenty of both! They used Absolute and Stoli as the bar brands for Vodka. Enough said... The food was great. There may be limited varities of some items, but everything was very good. The water was safe to drink and we had no issues with that.The specialty restaurants can be frustrating to get a reservation, but if you just call reservations around 3:00pm, they can usually get you into one of the reservation-required restaurants. We ate at a different one each night and all were fine.Overall this was a very nice resort. We would recommend it as we were hard pressed to complain about anything!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a mess! We were to meet 2 other couples from different states at the Melia, and when we arrived we were told that they were both bumped to another hotel b/c Melia overbooked. (They overbooked by 67 rooms!) We were not bumped b/c we booked through a travel agent. Our friends booked online. In fact, all 67 that were bumped were online bookings. It was a nightmare. Very rude managers, lots of promises made but not kept. It was a beautiful place, what I saw of it. Recommend the royal service upgrade, the rooms are amazing. Food - Ok.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beatuful resort with honest review Me and my husband arrived at resort on feb 24 we were supposed to arrive on the 23 but our flight got grounded.When we arrived we were taking to check in.We told them we are booked in the royal service for our honeymoon.We got to RS they told us we were not booked in RS this was at 4.00pm, after trying to get things squared away they finally gave us a RS room but they wanted my husbands credit card till they fiqured out the big mess. Everyday we had to go up and call travel agent and talk with RS to see what they have heard,this was very upsetting when you are trying to relax on your honeymoon.finally they got confirmation on thursday 2 days before we were to leave.We talked with a few other couples who had the same problem they said they had overbooked the RS that they do thi quit often and try to get quest to stay in other rooms other then RS. We did not back down to that.When the people in other reviews stated there are time share guys haunting you they do the whole time you are there they even waited outside are roonm waitng for us to return,one couple stated they showd up at there diner table.The staff is very nice and the grounds are nice and the food was ok,we are not picky people we just like sun and water.We are from PA.We were to secrets excellence in sept we have 3 boys and need time away every now and then if you are looking for a romantic quiet place with no children i highly recomend secretes excellence there pool water is heated and all you hear is the ocean and you will not have any problem with check in.I am not sure if we would ever return to the melia.I believe we will stick with secrets by ourselfs and take the kids to a different resort.But if you do go tip the maids and staff it does help and we even took a bunch of games and toys and left them for the children down there.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful vacation My fiance and i stayed at the melia this past May and we had a wonderful time.  The lobby area and grounds are beautiful, very clean and well kept. every night in the lobby they have live shows or musicians playing.  Our room was nice, we received a basket of fresh fruit and champagne. We didn't ask for it i don't know why we got it but it was very nice. i read a review that said there were ants in their bathroom. well the maid puts fresh flowers on the sink and some of the towels, and don't forget in your in the caribbean!!  The beach is unlike anything i have ever seen, it's amazing. I am an early riser, so we never had a problem finding chairs. The pool was great, it's huge and the bartenders at the pool bar were really fun.  the food was ok, all the buffets have a huge selection for you to choose from. i didn't eat any of the meat, it looked a little sketchy but my fiance said it was good and he didn't get sick. the japanese restaurant was great. yeah you have to call to make reservations everyday, usually the later times were already reserved but it worked out.  i read reviews about people complaining that they had to walk to the lobby or to the beach. it's 10-15 minutes at the most get over it.  two things that did bother me was when we arrived it took about a half-hour for our luggage to arrive at the room, but the resort is huge so just expect that. the people constantly hounding you to buy timeshares or get your hair braided(girls if you have long hair look out.) i don't think i've said no gracias more in my life.  overall we had a wonderful time it's a beautiful place and as long as you don't let the little things bother you you'll have a great time, i would definately go back  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spaulding
<Content>Loved the Melia Caribe Royal Service!!!!! We just returned from 8 days at the Melia and LOVED it!! We were a group of 7 ages 52,42,38,17,17,9,3.We reserved 2 suites in the Royal Service area.Check in was quick and they speak perfect english. The assistant manager Sauly was great and very personable thru out our stay. Karla was also fantastic she booked our dinner reservations everymornig and was vey nice! The rooms are gorgeous!!!!! Loved the bathrooms- plenty of towels too! The maid (Mercedes) was great she did a wonderful job and was always checking in to see if everything was ok. We left her gifts every day and money. On the day of check out she came to our room to tell us how much she appreciated everything we had given her.The grounds are amazing! Huge, lush and colorful. Lots of exotic birds wandering around, beautiful flowers and bushes everywhere. I would walk the perimeter of the resort and down to the beach every morning and it would take an hour to do the loop. The resort is large but definitely do-able. I see lots of complaints about this but I think these are coming from out of shape or an older clientele. Plenty of shuttle and train service going around. Yes the walkways are a bit slippery when wet- but what isn't slippery when wet?Pool- amazing- on the coolish side but you need it that way. Beautiful fountains and seats in the pool. Plenty of chairs to go around. We did get up early to save a cabana (put personal items down such as books, kids toys, sunblock etc...- we only had one day when someone actually moved our personal belongings off the cabana and put them on chairs- fortunately for us there was another available- why they didn't take that one I don't know-- hey blondie with the high heels we know it was you!)Towels- no problem getting them- had plenty too! Never got a ticket for towels when we checked in and that didn't seem to be a problem.Beach- WOW!!!!!!!!!! Gorgeous white sand clear clear warm water (seaweed was raked from the beach at least 3 times a day) in the RS area we had drink service and Carlos was excellent!!! We brought him lunch everyday from the buffet on the beach. Also when we WALKED to the beach we handed out sodas to the security guards and landscapers. The 9 yr old really enjoyed this- yes he too walked to the beach.Plenty of chairs and shade to go around. Nice walking beach too.Food- delicious!!! we ate at the RS alot,Nancy the hostess is fantastic and was really friendly. we tried the Japanese, French, Seafood, Italian and Mexican(that is also in order of preference -mine only) Did have some stomach issues but this happens when you travel no matter where you go. Did not drink the water or brush my teeth with it. Was never sick enough to miss out on anything. Also got tooooo much sun- I am dark skinned as it is and still got burnt- used 6 bottles of sunblock!!! So be careful!!Drinks- fine, don't expect things too taste like home- if you hadn't noticed thats not where you are. The red wines are better than the white. The beer is strong. Make sure to request alcohol in your drinks. Bartender at the RS- Hector was great! The drink service around the pool area is great too! Very attentive! Make sure too tip!Weather- Gorgeous!!!! 85 everyday clear blue skies light breeze - thank god! or else we would of died! It did rain- but never saw it- always at night.The staff is superb!!!!! We never had a problem with anyone!!! Always helpful and no problems with the language barrier. Do your best to try a little spanish.I would say the only downfall was the behavior of some guests-Americans (and I am one so I'm embarrassed!) We unfortunately live up to our reputations- where are the please and thank yous?? the ignorance when staying in a foreign country and YOU don't speak their language! Being demanding, loud and obnoxious! Please fellow country men and women- tone it down -- try some manners!I would definitely stay here again!!!! Any questions feel free to e-mail me hswlax@hotmail.com  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RollingOut
<Content>Terrible Experience I stayed at the Melia Caribe with my 21 year old son for a 3 day weekend. We were both very disappointed in this resort and were soon grateful that we only booked a 3 day stay and proceeded to try to make the best of it.From the horrible food (and I do mean horrible), the severely limited selection of alcohol, the atmosphere and the generally unfriendly staff it was actually my worst travel experience. There was no single disastrous event but I don't think it is possible to write a helpful review other than to give a general thumbs down. There really was nothing I liked about the place.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wish We Could Go Back We just returned from our trip to Punta Cana yesterday and wish we could go back! We were 2 families, 4 adults and 3 kids (ages 10, 11 and 12). From reading these reviews prior to our departure, we were quite uncertain what the Melia Caribe would bring and were pleasantly surprised.The resort is huge and it does take a few days to figure your way around. However, the people are very friendly and always helpful. The walk from the beach to lobby is about 15 minutes and a beautiful walk if you prefer this over the train. The train runs approx every 15 minutes, but it is the Caribbean and not exact. We were on vacation and in no hurry so this was not an issue. The size of the resort and train system is not condusive to families with small children, or the eldery.The pool is phenomenial and we spent a great deal of time there and the kids loved it. The pool area was never crowded and no problem finding chairs. The swim up bar and whirlpool area are great.The beach area is absolutely beautiful. The staff does a great job at keeping it picked up and pristine.The group took advantage of the Hobie Cats, paddle boats and dive lessons that were included in the package. The staff on the beach (Scuba Caribe) were very helpful at setting this up as well as the non-inclusive excursions. Members of our group did the snorkel trip, 4-wheeling adventure, horseback riding and parasailing. These were all well done and very reasonably priced. Book these from the beach staff and not at the tour desk as it is the same excursions and the pricing is better from the beach.The kids enjoyed the Melia's rock wall and the cable swing, which is also included.Now to the food. We went with low expectations from reading this site. I would categorize the food as average. The buffets were well stocked and everyone could always find something they liked to eat. No one was even the slightest bit sick. The ala carte restaurants are difficult to get reservations, but with a bit of preservance and a few one dollar bills you can make it happen. We ate at the American Grille, which was good. The Gourmet restaurant which no one cared for but the absolute best is the Japanese restaurant. Definitely our best meal of the trip and very entertaining.There are shows each night which both the adults and kids enjoyed, particularly the Magic Show. The casino is small but fun and we certainly saw some folks winning.The staff is super friendly and eager to please. As an earlier reviewer mentioned, they are very happy when we attempt to communicate with them in Spanish. Most speak at least a little English and can communicate the basics.We would definitely recommend the Melia and the Dominican Republic. The weather was absolutely perfect every day (2/24-3/3/06). The airport is nice and our trip through immigration and customs took under 15 minutes. We have travelled to several other islands and this was definitely a favorite. Bring the right attitude and sunscreen and you will have a great time. Hope this was helpful.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DONT LISTEN TO THE NEGATIVE PEOPLE! ..they dont deserve Punta Cana Hello!my name is stephanie and i am 18 years old. I have been traveling to Punta Cana since i was 12 years old. I first stayed in Puerto Plata which also was a nice area but did not compare to Punta Cana. Of all years my family and I have stayed at Melia Caribe Tropical for all but 2 years. I am from puerto rico and now Punta Cana is like my second home. i ABSOLUTELY love it. Starting from the airport...my favorite part is getting off the plane and feeling the rush of hot air while live music is playing in the background. The airport is amazing, purly cultural and simple...so cute! Once there its a matter of paying a 10 dollar tourist fee, grabbing your bags and finding a rep. that is waiting to take you to your hotel. From this point on people have to enter (what my dad calls) vacation mode because ill tell you what..if you go to Punta Cana with stress you are not going to enjoy yourself because dominicans DO NOT no what Stress is! anyway once at the resort my dad checks us in in about 10 minutes and note that while we wait WE ARE GREETED BY HOSTESES WITH DRINKS FOR US! TALK ABOUT WONDERFUL!  Since we have been staying at melia for quite some time now we are always vip members when we stay. We get are bracelets and from there on is amazing. The resort in general is GORGEOUS!! The pool is fabulous, with the swim up bar im in it alll day.The food seems to get rated real low but let me tell you that it is to die for! omg! especially breakfest at Turey...yummy!There are a number of restaurants to choose from so if people still cant find somthing they like..then it is not the hotels fault! The beach is ofcourse gorgeous as well. It is cleaned every morning really early so that once people arrive it is nice and clean. They have a lot of water activities and offer Hobbie cats and things like that. The water staff are very friendly and care for your safety as well. I was actually caught out far off the beach in a tropical storm. I was sooo scared mind you, but my dad assured me it was going to be ok and in about 30 i saw a boat coming out to get us....they saved us and lost their hobbie cat..so they are soo careful of ones safety. Safety is a huge issue with a lot of people when it comes to flying over seas.At Melia i feel safer than i do in my own neighborhood. There are security gaurds everywhere. You can walk to whole resort including the beach at ANY time and be absolutly fine. For those who love going on the trips such as horseback rides and parasailing.. I recommend the atv trip! it was fantastic. It was sooo worth the money...not only to you get to ride your own atv but they take you to the beach, to shops, to a restaurant and a natural spring in a cave!! AMAZING! it was a blast. Horse back riding was goood too and parasailing was ok. Overall, i no some of you are thinking that it couldnt have been Perfect but i assure it was...out of all my years i have NEVER expirienced ONE negative thing in Punta Cana. The problem with a lot of people is that they come to Punta Cana expecting to do the same things that they do in the states but people have to realize that they are in a foreign place. That is one thing i love about Punta Cana it hasnt lost its culture. People come already stressed and uptight...you have to relax and remember that you are on vacation and take it easy..They have there own time there its called Domincan time remember that haha! The people there are fantastic. They know nothing but pleasing tourists cause frankly that is what they live off of. There lives are stress free if you are kind then they will do for you what EVER you need trust me. Basically if you want america with palm tress go to cancun where they have lost their culture. You want an out of this world fabilous expirience go to Punta cana and see what i mean!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lovetotravelWindsor
<Content>Would definitely recommend this resort We stayed at the Melia from Feb. 23/06 - March 2/06. We had booked our vacation on Jan. 1/06 and were scheduled to say at the Riu Bambu. However, 14 hours before our flight left, our travel agent called to advised us that we had been bumped to the Melia. We had no idea what to expect but were pleasantly surprised.We travelled with our children ages 7 and 4. Upon arrival at the hotel, the check-in went quickly and smoothly. However, when we entered our assigned room, we discovered it was already occupied with somebody else's luggage. My husband went back to get another room key and although this room was empty, it only had two double beds. We had been told we would be getting a king and a pull out couch. My husband returned to the lobby, was given another key to check out another room. When he went in that room, it was also occupied. The fourth time he went to the lobby he was told there were no other rooms, to try back the next day. We never did attempt to change rooms, because although the sleeping arrangement were a little cramped, everything else was fine.Note: There was a small card holder on the wall near the front door when we entered our room. A room card has to be placed in this slot in order to get the airconditioning and some of the lights in the room to work. We were not informed of this on check in and thought we had an electricity problem. It is my understanding that most if not all of the rooms on the tropical side have this. Once we discovered how to work this, the airconditioning worked great, and in fact most nights, it was too cold and we had to turn it off. We did not have any plumbing or electrical problems. We had hot water at all times, except for one tepid shower one evening.We were in building 18 on the tropical side, which is far from the beach but close to the lobby. With children this worked well for us. We would pack for the beach before breakfast and go between the beach and the pool the entire day. We had no reason to have to return to our room, until it was time to get ready for dinner. It was nice to be near the lobby at night, so after the children were asleep, either my husband or I could run to the lobby bar and bring a few drinks back to the room. This would not have been as easy if we had been located near the pool or the beach.It took quite a bit of time for the bell boy to bring our luggage so I would highly recommend packing a bathing suit in your carry on (which we did), so we were able to enjoy the beach and pool immediately, rather than having to wait for our luggage.The room was kept spotlessly clean. Everyday our fridge was stocked with pop and water. We tried to get beer but were told it was not possible. (Although we spoke to other people that had no problem getting beer in their room). We were given plenty of fresh, large, fluffy towels every day. Our bathroom had fresh flowers placed around it each day. They do not supply wash cloths which I had read, so I bought coloured ones from the dollar store and just left them there. Our only room complaint would be that our room did not have a clock nor a coffee maker. When we asked for a clock we were told it would be brought up, but by the next day it wasn't. We asked again and were told they didn't have any more, that the resort was full. The safe in our room worked fine and we were not charged anything extra for it.This resort is very large and it takes a couple of days to learn your way around. Definitely take your map with you to find your way around.While we were there, the resort was booked to capacity, although at no time did we feel crowded or feel that we had to wait for any service.The pools are huge and we could always find 4 chairs together, even as late as 3 pm. The beach is absolutely beautiful. Seaweed does wash up every day, but the grounds people were out raking it into bags and hauling it away every morning. The beach chairs were plentiful and again, we never had a problem finding four together - even as late as 10:30 am. It is true that beach huts were not always available, but there are so many beautiful palm trees on the beach, we could always find shade when we needed it. I found all chairs to be in very good condition.The weather was perfect. We had ten drops of rain one day and rain through the night the last night we were there. We utilized the paddle boats and were able to reserve them for the same day we wanted them -both times. Clean beach towels were available at both pools all day up until about 5 pm. Both the pool  the beach at the tropical side seemed less busy.We ate all our breakfasts at the beach front buffets, which were both good. There was a good selection and you could have omelets or eggs over easy made to order. It was heaven to eat breakfast, looking at the beautiful beach and ocean. After our children finished eating, they could play in the sand a few feet from our table. We preferred the breakfast and lunch selection at the buffet on the Tropical side (Betty's kitchen). It seemed to have more variety. They had an excellent paella for lunch every day, as well as grilled burgers and chicken breasts.The buffet on the Caribe side had snacks such as burgers  fries until about 7 pm.Our children did not utilize the children's program, preferring to play at the beach and pool together and stay with us.My daughter had her hair braided on the beach and we paid $25 US instead of the $40 US the resort was asking. We heard reservations were hard to come by so didn't even try the first two days. We ate at the dinner buffet and as with any buffet, there is good  bad, depending on your taste. There is a large selection and we could always find something we all liked. The food was pretty good and my children particularly enjoyed the made to order pasta.Some days it was difficult to make a reservation in the morning for the A La Carte restaurants but we found out they reserve a certain number of tables for the RS. If you call around 3 or 4 pm when they open up the RS reservations, there is more selection for restaurants and times. I just used the phone at the pool in the towel room.We ate at the Chinese, the Capri, The Gondola, and the Mexican. They were all very good, but the Mexican was our favorite. The service was excellent and although I was hesitant about bringing my children in to the restaurants, we always felt welcome, and they treated the children nicely.I did have some stomach upset one day, but the rest of my family were completely fine the entire week. The grounds are beautiful and very well maintained. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, and although we do not speak spanish we were able to communicate just fine with everybody, it just takes a little patience and some charades.A departing guest gave us a Verizon phone card with minutes remaining on it, so we were able to call home. I believe the card cost 150 pesos, which is about $5.00. I'm not sure where he purchased it because the hotel stores do not sell them. I would definitely recommend purchasing one prior to your arrival at the hotel. Perhaps they are available at the airport. The card he gave us had 18 minutes remaining on it, so the room charge was only $2.00 for the call to Canada.The internet service was reasonable. The cost started at $4.00 for 15 minutes, but the per minute cost went down, the more minutes you purchased. The next increment was 20 minutes for $5.00.  Check out was quick and efficient. We called the Bell Boy one hour before we wanted our luggage to be at reception and it was waiting for us when we got there.We had not been to an all inclusive in almost ten years and this was our first family vacation to the Caribbean. We were so looking forward to staying at the Riu Bambu and were all prepared to go there. We were extremely disappointed to be bumped to a hotel that we had not researched and did not know what to expect. We came away at the end of the week more than satisfied with the resort. We have nothing but positive things to say about this resort and my entire family would highly recommend it. K  D DonaldsonWindsor, ON Canada  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEST SO FAR (after 10 all-inclusives) Ok. First things first:My wife and I stayed at the Meli谩 Caribe Tropical from February 17th to the 22nd. We're in our thirties and live in NY and we do not have any kids. We paid $2,300 ($1,150 each) for this all inclusive.We did not get sick from the food, did not get overbooked (which would've really pissed me off), our bed was always made on time (always left a $1 tip) and the food was well prepared every time. The only complaints I heard were from a few American (who else?!) guests trying to get 10 towels with only 3 cards (never mind the fact that the hotel does state on the contract, in BOLD letter, that you get 1 towel for 1 card). Needless to say the affair ended with the husband coming into the place yelling and demanding (which showed total disregard for the rest of the people waiting in line) that a manager bend the rules for him. Pros: Hotel is huge! It takes, at least, 15 minutes to walk from the beach to the lobby, but who cares? the grounds are amazingly BEAU-TI-FUL. Any way, there are cars and trolleys carrying people back and forth between the lobbies and your rooms, should you be too lazy to walk. There are many pools and we always found a place were to sit/lay. The beach was also beautiful, although the (beach) chairs were hard to come by (but found a few every single time). The staff are extra helpful and even though some of them might not speak English, the do go out of their way to help you out. The rooms are also a pro. They are a tad roomier than all other all-inclusive 4* hotels we've stayed at. For instance, they all have balconies and a little coffee-time/relaxation space. The food was good, although not excellent. I think the hotel could work on that a little more.Cons: Some guests, although a minority, do make a lot of noise (and hate to say it, are mostly Americans). The other cons are minimal in my opinion. I would have to say the reservations. If you do not call by 7AM you will certainly not get into the most popular restaurants (Japanese, French, etc). We did manage to go to the Dominican and the American and the food was great. But who cares about the food when you have those amazing grounds to walk on, specially at night, they are unbelievably romantic. Besides this, I cannot find any faults in the place or the people. Keep in mind that we do not care about the following (as opposed to some of the other guests who have given their opinion here): the towels place closing early or not having dry towels to exchange with (I could care less), birds waking me up during my 3PM nap (I love birds!), the place being too large (I love to walk), the weather being too hot and muggy (hey you're in the DR), the service personnel not being able to speak English (I speak Spanish) or algae on the beach. In essence, we do not care about the small stuff. Give us a nice beach, sun, good food and a nice place to sleep (my version of all-inclusive) and we're all set man!I do recommend this hotel to everyone except the spring break crowd. Adi贸s amigos.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kmd11
<Content>another great stay Stayed at melia for honeymoon 3 yrs ago. Back again w/friends. I rated it a 5 before, and it has actually gotten better. I'm 31 and my type of vacation is pure relaxing w/drinks/sun/pool/beach. Food is not my priority. I don't do anything but relax. So....Check in: Friday evening, took all of 15 minutes. My advice, if traveling w/tour such as apple..skip the bus and quickly get taxi. $25 and you'll beat the 50 people coming in on that bus. makes check in quick. Room: Just fine. If your there to lay around in your room, stop reading this review. seriosly, stay home. Maid did a fine job, tipped a few bucks/day. I sleep there, that's it.Food: Good, i'm not a picky eater. My wife is and she had no complaints. Buffets have plenty to pick from. Restaraunts were a bit harder to get reservation for. My only complaint, but we ate american/dominican/chinese/gabi. They were fine. Grounds: i laugh at all who complain about waiting for train and it has exhaust. we stayed in front by lobby, walked to pool everyday. all of 10 minutes. someone said they waited an hour for train, i'm guessing who could have used the walk if you know what i mean. get some excercise people. This place has wonderful landscaping, enjoy it. Pools are 5 star. Beach is great, yes seawead, there is a surprise. Final comments:If you have booked your stay here and are now worried about the negative reviews don't be. People that want to be unhappy can always find something to complain about. For those that think it is too big, they probably get tired going to the fridge, stretch your legs and see the place. Food complainers, they should stay close to home and eat at their favorite restaraunts. 3rd world countries don't pay world renowned chefs what they do in NYC. One lady said she had to live on chips at the resort, no wonder she thought the place was too big. If you like sun, swimming, cocktails, and fun people, then you'll enjoy yourselves.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Gorgeous! If you want US stay home. If you want the USA, stay in Florida, if you want a spectacular locale come here. I have a firm belief in a philosophy of life, if you are the type to complain about something you always will find something to complain about. This resort is fabulous in its natural beauty, the people are wonderful, and the weather is perfect. I traveled with my wife and our closest friends and we had a wonderful time, despite a luggage malfunction by the airline (1 lost bag arrived the next day). I have noticed people having issues with the size of the resort, but we felt the expansive landscape made it feel like we had the run of the place. Anyone with the least bit of athlethic ability can walk front to back in 15 minutes or less, waiting for the train is complete nonsense and takes away from the enjoyment of the resort, as the grounds are impeccable. Things to note, bring some US $5 and $1, tips are not expected but definately appreciated. The pools are well kept and the bars are well stocked with cold Presidente and your favorite frozen cocktails. Be prepared to have a little patience and understanding for the language barrier, as most of the workers do not speak English, but remember you are in a foreign country. The food just okay, the drinks great, not being in Michigan excellent! We were not so concerned with dinner and things, so we usually made our reservations in the afternoon. People concerned with eating might not enjoy as much as we did, but it was relatively excellent for all-inclusive. Remember you are on vacation so just enjoy yourselves and leave the pettiness behind. This is an up and coming recreational area so enjoy it while you can. Acreage wise this is a huge resort but we were never bothered by crowds or size. We have traveled extensively in the Caribbean and will definately return next year. If you are uptight you probably should travel somewhere else, if not you will love it!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All you need to know Reading these reviews, they seem to be from all parents. I am a teenager, writing about our experience at the Melia Caribe/ Melia Tropical All Inclusive.  I traveled with my parents, teenage siblings, and a 3 and 4 year old. An overall group of six.When we first arrived at the Melia, our room was not ready for about two hours. Luckily, the bar was nearby and my family all had smoothies, drinks, etc. This really passed the time until our room was ready to move into. Our room was nice, clean, and comfortable. Not a breathtaking room, but it worked. We stayed in Villa 2, and had two rooms next to eachother number 0205 and 0206. The receptionists in the lobby seemed to have no problem getting us two rooms next to eachother. The pools were very nice. There were always workers scrubbing down the sides, skimming the water, and other miscellaneous tasks. It made the pool very clear and clean. five stars.The beaches were beautiful. The white sand and palm trees made it all the better. There were many different activities to do on the beach. My family participated in beach volleyball, beach olympics, water games, merengue lessons, sun fish boats, and snorkeling. We wanted to try scuba diving, but none of us were certified. Heres a hint, if you want to be involved with activities on the beach, going to the hut by the agora buffet will let you know what time certain activites are. The food was decent. It was exactly what our family expected. We ate atLa Gondola- Italian...great for lunchLa Hacienda- Mexican...very good variety Ma Maison- French...by far the best! *try the filet mignon*Capri- it was ok...not the bestLe Gourmet- excellentHaikkado- Japanese hibachi...very good especially for younger childrenAtabales- good for the first night, when its hard to get a dinner reservationwe did not try the chinese, dominican, or american grill restaurants, but they all seemed good.a few things: the exhaust from the trains, get over it, really. its not that bad, and what else do you expect? in a third world country, they dont have the technology to supply better trolleys and fuel. Also, the seaweed on the beach-- its an ocean...if you dont like the seaweed, then dont go to the beach! its common sense!All of the people that work there are so kind, respectful, and considerate. So dont be afraid to talk to them, or play around with them. They love meeting new people! *especially the workers in the kids club, which was great, we totally trusted them with the younger ones* Tipping the maid a dollar or two a day is also a good idea....and giving the hard workers a bottle of water is like giving them a piece of heaven! All in all, our stay at the Melia Tropical was very good...just a few mishappenings with the keys but they wree straightened out easily. Hope this is helpful!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Grounds I just returned from a wonderful vacation at the Melia Caribe. We went down with 6 people to celebrate a 50th birthday, and having read all the horrible reviews prior to leaving, I will admit I was a little nervous... However, I was pleasantly surprised... Here's a run down of the good,the bad and the okay.. I'll start with the bad first: Arriving in Punta Cana:Arriving at the airport in Punta Cana was a complete nightmare.... about 500 people all arrived at once (maybe it was just because of the time of day we arrived at)but there was absolutely no organization. There were people who were acting like complete animals - pushing and shoving and cutting lines .. it was awful... You have to fill out these little cards and pay a $10 fee before going through customs... My advice is have someone stand on the customs line, while someone else fills out the visitor cards and pays the fee.. trust me it will save a lot of aggrivation. And, after getting through customs and searching for our luggage, we realized that one of our bags was missing (no big deal though, it made it in on the next flight).. Check in at the Melia Caribe:After wasting about 2 hours with trying to find our luggage and getting to the resort, we had to wait about another 45 minutes to check in. There were no lines, we were actually taken right away, but they had messed up our reservation and only given us 2 rooms when our reservation was for 3. They solved the problem, but it took a little bit of time to resolve it. However, to compensate they gave us rooms very close to the pool and beach (Block 34). Another good thing was we were able to get a few drinks at the lobby bar while we were waiting.Now for the good:The grounds are absolutely gorgeous. I have been to a few Carribean islands and this resort had the prettiest grounds by far. Yes the resort is huge.. BUT.. I did not mind the walk because of the scenery. There are flamingos, peacocks, beautiful birds... lots of great things to look at.The beach was also beautiful... white sand, and crystal blue water.... There was some seaweed, but it wasn't a huge problem ... I wouldn't downgrade the quality of the beach because of it.And for the so/so:We tried to upgrade to the Royal Service, but unfortunately when we called the Royal Service was completely booked...we also tried to upgrade when we got to the resort but it was the same story... The rooms are not bad ... not the best I've stayed in (and I have stayed in Ritz Carltons as well as some horrible, horrible places as well) .... but they are what they are ... Everything was kind of damp, but you have to take the temperature of the Island into consideration. The bathroom was cleaned everyday and they left pretty tropical flowers on the sink every day as well. We didn't really spend that much time in our room anyway ... we were there for the beach, not the in-room amenities. The food was so/so .... You are definately not going to find gourmet, but you will always be able to find something to please your palate. We ate at the American Grill (it was not the best), the Domenican restaurant (very good!) .. I guess the more authentic you get to their cuisine the better..., the seafood restaurant Capri (I did not care for it but everyone else I was with did) and the Chinese restaurant La Pagoda (pretty good too!).... as far as breakfast and lunch went ... we stuck to the basics... we had omlettes and croissants and pizza.. can't go wrong with that. Only one person we traveled with got sick, but he is a rather adventurous eater and we are not quite sure of what some of the things he ate really were.. haha =)Nightlife/Liquor:If you like to party and are expecting a vibrant nightlife this is not the place for you. I was somewhat disappointed by this being that I am in my early 20s but whatever ... My boyfriend and I discovered the Avenue Bar .. it was partially outside and reminded me of some of lounges that I have been to in Manhattan. Very nice.... they had beds that you could sit on and stuff... it was fun .. we went there every night .. we attempted the Fun Pub but it was completely empty and smelled funny ... so we left and went back to the Avenue Bar... I am a big wine drinker ... and if that is also the case with you, stick with vodka because the wine is terribe. Make sure you request brand name liquor or else you will get stuck with whatever $6 bottle they have.. They also only serve Presidente beer, it is good for the first couple of days .. but after a while I was totally craving a Corona... Despite everything that went wrong or wasn't up to par with us we had a fabulous time. I don't think we will be returning, but we have some great memories (and tans!!) none the less. If you go with the right attitude you will have a fine time! Enjoy!! =)  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lisa040
<Content>next year in Jamaica Our family of four just returned from the Melia. We were told this was a 5star resort and felt misinformed. At best, it's a three. The hotel is really spread out and not anywhere near the beach. You need to take a train to go back and forth from anyof the restaurants, rooms tennis etc. The train doesn't run as often as they say either. Back and forth can be 20+ minutes. The tennis courts are a mess and the golf is really a joke. Don't expect to play. We would make a t-time for 4 oclock and they would have 15 groups sign up at the same time. When we arrived they told us this could take a wait of 45min or more. So much for our reservation. The course is also under construction. The restaurants are very good but you must get up every morning to make a reservation. You will not get in otherwise.This isn't fun on vacation. I wanted to sleep in. Our room was completely inadequate. Their isn't a proper dresser for your clothes we had to keep most of them in a suitcase. They have 3 small drawers for clothes.Also, even after only drinking bottled water, I got really sick. I didn't even brush my teeth w/ the tap. Don't eat the fruit or veg's. On the postive side ?The hotel staff will really try to help if they can.I hear the Iberostar and the Paradisus next door are much better hotels.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pammymt
<Content>It was huge!       our room in villa 8  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MrPickyHotelGuest
<Content>One of the best for its price....       yes... that is what you will be looking at everyday!!!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Great Time Our trip was fantastic from start to finish. Check in was quick  effienct.Our room was spacious  clean. The restaurants were all fine except the Dominican. We did not like it at all.The staff were friendly  helpful.The casino at night offers alot of fun playing the slots.My wife won several hundred dollars our last night there.I would highly recommend the Melia Caribe Tropical. The only negative thing I can say about our stay was being seated at dinner by families with babies  small ones. It made for for a less than perfect evening having to listen to crying babies.We will probaly return though in the future.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rrajen01
<Content>Careful now. . . I am really surprised that I haven't seen more negative reviews about this place. Upon arrival, the lobby was swarming with people. It seemed disorganized and rowdy. Not exactly how you want to start your vacation. After we finally got to talk to a receptionist, they told us (we were traveling with two other couples) that they didn't have room for any of us. They told us the problem was because we booked through Orbitz and Hotwire. The part that frustrated us further is that my friend had called 24 hours earlier and confirmed our reservation and confirmed that our rooms would be near each other. They said that they could take us to a nearby hotel. After some irritating discussions, we got into a cab and they took us to the Paradisus, an absolutely magnificent hotel. However, I should interject that they put us in a cab and made us sit there for 20 minutes while they paid the cab driver. I don't understand what took so long for every little thing. When we got to the second hotel, we were once again told that they didn't have room for us. At this point, I was furious and got on the phone with Melia Caribe. The woman, Maggieusta, was extremely rude and told us that the only compensation she was going to give me was a free night's stay the next time I come there. Like I would ever make another reservation with this joint. I finally convinced her to let me talk to her manager (we asked when we were at the hotel but this guy is like the Wizard of Oz) and he got on the phone with me.Mr. Edguardo Vasquez told us that he was truly sorry about the problems we were having and told us that we DEFINTELY had rooms at the Bavaro Princess. He told us our compensation was to be upgraded to platinum status at that hotel and we would receive all sorts of freebees. Not so. . .in fact, once we got to the Bavaro Princess, we were treated like second-class guests and there was little that Mr. Vasquez could do about it. We were placed in Melia Caribe dumping ground area - a part of the Princess that was under construction. Thanks a lot Edguardo. Moral of the story: I am sure this place is nice - make sure you go through a travel agent and don't expect to be treated with spectacular service.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A non expected hotel service I have visited this hotel after booking a tour searching beach and hotel services during 5 days....however the tour operator informed us that due to over sales in this hotel they had to transfer me and my family to the next Paradisus Hotel for 2 nights, which I accepted because I could see this five star hotel through its web page and it is a great value recently inaugurated resort. Really was wonderful as this hotel's services are prime services....no need to make a queue for having lunch or dinner, no need any special booking to visit the restaurants: asian food, mediterranean restaurant, a romantic Passion restaurant... at room had all services including a jacuzzi, plasma tv as well as coffee maker....all great service...including beer and all kinds of drinks like wine, whiskey every place served in glass cups !...However when we were transfered to the Melia Caribe Tropical hotel, all is different...since the front desk attendant's maniere...it was terribly different...for instance, stress starts when they tell you that if you loose the bracelet for services it costs 30 dollars, and they give you cards for towels's services, if you loose the card it takes 100 dollars more, you cant find any reservation in any restaurant. you have to do it within two days before, for buffet services since breakfast, you are in the waiting list...all is stress...if you're searching for stress free services, this is not your option....  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Impressed I just returned from the DR. Melia Caribe on Sat Feb 25/06I was very disappointed with this resort, the rooms were average nothing to speak about. The activity directors were great. The evening shows were ok.My biggest beef would be trying to make reservations for dinner. We were told to call at 7:00 am to book for dinner and every time we called the line was either busy or we were told sorry everything is booked for tonight( that was after talking to someone at 7:15 am), we were only allowed to book one day in advance. We met one family that had been to the Japenese rest. 3 times in one week and we never had to chance to enjoy it even once. We was travelling with two children and the hotel could not give us a room in the same complex. One day we did not receive maid service, I called the front desk for towels and never did receive them. This resort is huge there were 4,000 people there (so I was told). The train service for discusting for such a hugs resort. We waited one hour for the train service on our last day. I did not enjoy the pushing of time shares everytime I went into the buffet. I would not recommend this resort as it is way too big and over rated  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>travlerjeff
<Content>Great Vacation in Dominican Republic       Main Pool Area  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mr.L
<Content>Had A Blast This place was great. Grounds were beautiful and huge. If you are not a walker, this may not be the place for you. Yes, there is transportation, but you do have to wait a little for it. We were not patient enough and like to walk. Food was good...we were surprised. Buffet is buffet, you know what you get. It seemed like any other resorts we have been to in Cancun, Cozumel, Riveira Maya, etc. But the dinners, the main restaurants were good. The Japanese, Mexican, American, French, Seafood were all very good...no complaints.The pools were very large and you could find spots very easily unlike many other places we have been to. It seemed like this was a beach place. The beach was gorgeous and had a nice breeze to cool you off. That same breeze was not by the pool but the water was cool enough to take care of over heating.Pool bars were great as well.Room, seemed average to me which is fine...dont spend much time in it anyways.Overall...great place and will go back.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ups and Downs This hotel was overall very good, although there were a couple disappointments.Basics Rooms- The rooms were very nice and comfortable. The maids were very kind and very good. There were a few things that weren't working. The televisions were all blurry and the toilets wouldn't flush.Workers- All of the workers at the Melia were very kind and helpful. The reception was quick and friendly. The waiters were not very quick, but they were friendly and helpful.FacilitiesPool- The pools were probably some of the biggest pools in the Carribean. They were warm and fun to go in. There was a bar in each pool. There was also another pool (besides the two main ones) that was for sports and activities.Beach- This beach was very nice. The ocean was blue and cold. You could rent boats or hidro motors. There were a lot of shops on the beach. There were many activities you could participate in on the beach, such as games, merengue lessons, stretching, volleyball, and more.Tennis Courts- There are eight tennis courts in the hotel. You can rent rackets and balls and play for as long as you want. I had a lot of fun on these courts.Shops- The gift shops are very good. You can buy shirts, necklaces, food, post cards, magazines, sun screen, and more. These items are much more expensive than they are worth.RestaurantsLa Pagoda 3.5/4 stars (Chinese)- This Chinese restaurant is one of the best. The meal starts out with yummy foam chips and fsbulous spring rolls. The sweet and sour chicken, beef with broccli, chow main, and duck are the best orders. The desserts weren't great. We went here Saturday and Thursday.La Gondola 3/4 stars (Italian)- Although everyone said this restaurant was bad, I thought differently. There is an appetizer able with yummy bread sticks. All of the other appetizers on this table however, were unpalatable. The pasta was stupendous.We went here Sunday.La Hacienda 2/4 stars(Mexican)- This restaurant wasn't too great. The nachos at the beginning were good. I had a fihita, which had okay beef, but gross vegetables. We went here Monday night.Le Gourmet 2.5/4 stars (International)- This restaurant wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. There was a variety of food. I had the pork which was okay, and I tried a piece of chicken which was good. The desserts which were the same as the Italian restaurant, were okay. We went here Tuesday night. American Grill 3/4 stars (American)- This new American restaurant was very good. I had terryaki chicken which was very good, but rich. They also had other American specialties, such as club sandwiches and cheese burgers. There was a dessert table, with great cakes and pies. The cherry pie was great. We went here on Wednesday night. Hokkaido 3.5/4 stars (Japanese)- This is the most popular and hardest restaurant to get in to, and even though it is good, it isn't amazing. The rice and soup were great. The steak was good, but the chicken was too dry and spicy. This restaurant is hard to get in to, since there is only one table. This table fits 12 people, so twelve people can come at a time. You move to the second table for dessert. The desserts inclede fried vanilla icream with chocolate sauce, Fried banana with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce, and tea. We went here Friday, our last night.Other- There are three other a la carte restaurants that we didn't try. There is a restaurant that serves Dominican specialties, called El Guarpo. There is a French restaurant (that doesn't sereve real French food) called Ma Maison. There is also a seafood restaurant (said to be horrible) called Capri.Buffets- There are three buffets. Agora (Tropical Side) serves all three meals, but turns into a steak house at night. Turey is the same thing, but on the Caribe side. Atables is a dinner buffet in the middle of the hotel. The buffets had great food variety, okay desserts, excluding the soft icecream machines which are great. Activiies- There are many activities like, the kids club, water and beach sports, arcade, mini disco, casino, and spa that are a lot of fun.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is an honest review! I'm going to be very honest and try to give you as much advice and help as I can. Therefore, this may be long.I just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical after a 6 night stay (Feb 16-22). I traveled with my husband and 2 children ages 12 and 13. We went with another family the same ages and met up with friends from Dallas, TX. We chose this hotel because we all wanted great weather (85-90 sunny everyday), the guys wanted golf and we thought the casino would be fun after dinner (opens at 8:00pm and no Craps tables).I read all of the reviews after we booked. We tried to upgrade to Royal Service and was told it was completely sold out during Feb. break. We were very skeptical about going without the upgrade, don't be fooled. We've traveled all over Europe and the Carribean, many times, and felt it wasn't necessary. And if it was, we didn't feel like we were missing out on anything. We met only 1 person who had it while we were there and they said, even though they could make dinner reservations for their entire stay at one time, (not daily), they were receiving calls that the restaurants were overbooked, and they were being bumped. They were eating all the same food in the same restaurants as we were.Upon our arrival, the room I reserved for my Children was not connected to our room, but with a brief explanation to the help at the front dest, our wishes to be next door to our Children were granted. They spoke English very well, which was appreciated, as I don't speak any Spanish. During our stay, if a member of the staff didn't speak english, they found someone who could. The staff was wonderful, friendly, helpful and very respectful. As we were to them. After all, we were visitors to their country. We were located on the Caribe side in building 26 and our friends were all in 28. Turned out fine, they were just 1 min. walk away. We were all very close to the pool, the beach and to the breakfast and lunch buffet.If anyone complains about this buffet, well then, they just like to complain. The food here included breakfast: All types of bread and rolls, fresh fruit, omlettes made with whatever you desire, pancakes, french toast and alot more. Juices: banana, papaya, grapefruit, orange, watermelon you name it. Lunch at the buffet: hotdogs, hamburgers, chicken, homemade pizza, pasta, coldcuts, fruit and more. Again, if you can't find something you like here, you can go to La Gondola, the Italian restaurant, here they have all types of pasta, pizza anything Italian. If you can't find something to please you between these two places for lunch, then you have no business booking an all inclusive.The pool is beautiful, clean and big. There is a big swim up bar which we chose to sit near everyday and it was a party atmosphere everyday. I've never been on a vacation where I met so many people. Everyone was so sociable and enjoyable to be around. If you want it quieter, then sit on the other side of the pool. There are plenty of chairs and huts. My husband and I had 1hour open air massages twice. We also treated the kids to 1/2 hour massages. They were great! They are located on the way to the buffet and near the pool. The kids tried snorkeling, paddle boats, vollyball, wind surfing, rock climbing and darts all included. There is hair braiding and henna tattooing near the pool. The beach is beautiful with white sand and lots of huts. Didn't feel crowded even though the hotel was full. The grounds are amazing. Palm trees, flowers, flamingos, peacocks, unbelievably clean and well manicured. The rooms were clean, large and 2 dollars everyday to the maid got us extra towels and tons of water bottles and soda in the fridge. The resort is huge. You need to walk or take the train to get to the restaurants. It wasn't bad, we got dressed at the end of the day and took the train up to dinner. If I wasn't such a fan of high heels, we could easily have walked the 15 minutes. Had I realized prior to our arrival, I would have packed sandles or more practical shoes and planned to walk. The reservation system at this resort needs some improvement. We took turns every morning calling for the next nights dinner reservations. Even though I called at 6:50am, I was not able to get a reservation before 8:15pm. We soon realized that because we were a party of 10, we weren't eating before 8:15. We took advantage of this time to meet before dinner and have cocktails in either the Caribe Lounge or the Tropical Lounge. They each have a huge bar, tables and chairs and great waitress service. The kids are welcome here also.We brought walkie talkies with us which helped tremendoulsy with the kids. I felt the resort was safe, but never let the kids go anywhere if they weren't all together. Also, outside of the American Restaurant, there is an open air lounge with a great bar, outdoor seating which included lounge chairs, tables and chairs and square cushioned couches. This was another great meeting place. They also had a show there one night. It included dancers, a fire show and live music. Great time! The Caribe lounge has a good show everynight and the Tropical lounge has Salsa music and dancing lessons. Take advantage of these fun spots after dinner. The food in the resaurants, I can't lie, it's not that great. My husband rated it a C. Because I didn't have to cook it and clean it, I give it a B-.There were 3 occasions when the keys to our rooms didn't work. One was during the day, my keys didn't work but my husbands did. The next time, at 1:30am, we were locked out of our room. Luckily, I was able to call from the kids room. They immediately sent security to wait with my husband and me until maintenance came. The night manager also came. They weren't able to fix the door till the morning. But they were able to get us in that night. The third time, during the day, my kids couldn't get in thier room. The maid let us in, and we took care of the keys in the lobby that night before dinner. That's the problem, you can only fix your keys from the front desk, which is 15 min. away.My husband and the guys golfed 3 days. They were very happy with the course. And they are private club members, so that must say something.We were with a great group of friends, and our children are at an age where they aren't so needy and all-inclusive is perfect because they eat and drink all day. One more things I need to share with you because I feel you ought to be aware. I hate bugs! While I didn't see any around the resort, I did see 3 in my room and 1 in my children's room. They are called Palmettos. People seemed to be familiar with them. I am not. I hate to mention this because I don't feel it is a problem with the hotel. It is a product of the tropical environment.Overall, our vacation was fun and relaxing. We were able to do alot more there than we could have done here, in Connecticut, with a foot of snow on the ground. To sum up: There were some problems, but they were always taken care of quickly and with a smile. What more could we ask for? If you have questions, Email me, I'll be happy to help.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lams
<Content>Just what we expected! I really can't understand what everyone who has left a review here is complaining about! I checked these reviews before leaving for this resort and was disappointed and scared about what we would find when we got there. When we did arrive, I was happy to find that this resort was beautiful and absolutley a 5 star resort.....in the Dominican Republic. If you are comparing this resort to a 5 star in Canada or the U.S., then you will be disappointed. Each country has their own standards. What we consider to be 5 star and what a third world country would consider to be 5 star is VERY different. From what I understand, there is no worldwide standard in the ratings of hotels and resorts. If you want to enjoy all the comforts of a 5 star in Canada or the U.S., then stay home. If you are open to new experiences, a different way of life and a vacation from home, certainly come here.I am confused at Confused's rating of this resort. He must have had some bad luck. First of all, we stayed in block 0300, which is on the Tropical side, beside the beach. To walk to the lobby was only 7 or 8 minutes, NOT 15. And the walk is beautiful! The time and effort put into the grounds of this resort is phenomenal....tons of plant life, manicured grounds and flamingos and peacock's walking around. When I'm on vacation I don't rush around, running from one spot to the next. You literally have no cares for 7 days....take 7 or 8 minutes out of your day to enjoy a leisurley stroll, it won't kill you. If you have trouble walking or don't want to, take the trolley! You will have to wait a few minutes for it, but don't expect it NOT to be packed with people at peak hours. At 7:00pm, when everyone is going for dinner, it will be busy. But, I was never turned away because it was too busy.As for the hundreds of people in the pool, this is a total exaggeration. Never once were ther hundreds of people in the pool. Also, the pools were so large anyway, they would be pretty hard to fill. Remember, this is a resort with over 2000 people....do you think you'll be the only people around? I never had a problem finding beachchairs or huts in the mornings and I certainly don't wake up early....most mornings we would be at the beach or pool by 10:30 or 11:00. I didn't panic or get angry....take a quick look around and you'll find some beach chairs. I never saw ANYONE who was forced to sit in the sand.As for the reservations that everyone seems to panic about, don't bother wasting your precious sleep time by getting up for 7:00 am to make a reservation. What most people don't know is that the Royal Service group is reserved so many spots per day. If their reservations are not taken up by 4:00pm, they are released to the junior suite people! Of the 7 days there, I booked 4 restaurants, all around 4:00pm for that evening's dinner and was NEVER left without a reservation. If you attend your welcome meeting, they will make this fact clear and you should be fine.Another point people get upset about is the time share apartment salespeople. On the beach, you will see a large sign and hut in which these people sit. I was NEVER, EVER approached by these people and didn't see or hear of anyone else who was either. I ate breakfast and lunch at the same place as Confused in the same week he was there and I didn't see any of these sales people at the buffet. This seems to be a great exaggeration as well.All in all, I guess some people just seem to let the little things bother them. When you're on vacation, you're supposed to relax. Don't run around like a fool trying to make reservations, or get upset when you don't see 100 empty beachhuts the minute you walk on the beach. This is a LARGE resort, with many, many guests. If you can't figure that out when you book your trip (the 11 restaurants and 2 sides to the resort should be a good hint), then you should make the best of it. Yes, there are employees getting around by car or scooter....this place is huge and they are trying to provide everyone with the best service as fast as possible!The food is good, not excellent, but good. There are tons of choices, so you won't go hungry. Many dishes you may not have tried before, and in a Dominican style, but also the good old standby's if you can't find anything else (ie. hamburgers, fries, pasta etc.)The rooms are just as described. Our t.v. worked fine, the airconditioning worked well, our bed was comfortable and clean.I'm a picky traveller...I only get a few weeks vacation per year and I want to enjoy them too. I also want good value for my money and I would definetley recommend this resort. I've stayed at better resorts (the Riu's in Punta Cana) and I've stayed at worse resorts. This will go to the top half of my preferred list. If you are going to the Melia Caribe Tropical soon and are worried about what you read here, don't be. Many of the negative comments are either exaggerated or not important in the grand scheme of your vacation.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overbooked and sent us to a sub-par hotel Unfortunatley my review of the actual resort is limited because when we arrived, we were told they had no rooms for us. We were a party of 6 (each couple had booked online, through Orbitz and Hotwire) and had booked three rooms. I called the night before and confirmed our reservation, requesting that our rooms be near each other. The man on the phone said that would be no problem.Instead we arrived and were told they were full and could not give us a room. We were then taken to the Bavaro Princess, which was a terrible resort (not nearly the amount of restaurants, no golf, etc). We also met other vacationers who were in the same predicament; apparently Melia has a habit of doing this.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOT RECOMMENDED FOR DISABLED PERSON We have just returned from a 9 day stay at the MELIA. I was travelling with a 60 year old deaf person, with vision problem also and 4 more people. Although we asked in advance for rooms adjacent one to the other, so we could switch the care of him, they were not two rooms together in the whole resort. the most we could get were in the same block, with entrances 600 feet apart, being one in the second floor.Regarding the restaurants, we could never make a reservation earlier than 9:30PM, after a lot of calls. One evening we wanted to go to the lobby area at 7:oo o`clock, but it was impossible to get up the train bwcause after waiting 45 minutes, they were all full (only two trains for 2000 persons seems to be to little. We asked for a special transfer to the courtesy customer service and the answer really made me mad: no transport available for passengers. We were close to the beach, light was not good to walk 20 minutes with a disabled person and cars were available only for lugagge.Of course, there were good things in the resort such as nautical sports, food in a very few restaurants and lot of drinks (which I did not care). Unfortunately I plan our vacation to let my brother to have a pleasant stay, so our effort needed to be much greater than what I have planned to reach our goal.In summary, I do not recommend this resort to anyone who is not willing or is unable to have long walks to reach either the beach or the restaurants. Unless you get Royal Service.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Confused! I travel frequently and always check with tripadvisorbefore booking a resort, which I did for Melia Caribe,unfortunetly I didn't go past the first 5 reviews which raved about this place. The same day I returned from my trip I once again checked the reviews on tripadvisor because I could not beleive this was the same place I stayed at, in fact the deeper I went into the reviews the more I found comments which were in line with my experience.I realize that for some people 80 degree weather and a palm tree is all they need to have a great vacation but for gods sake this place is rated 5 stars and it's not cheap I just do not understand how anyone can rate this place as excellent because the grounds are beautiful, which is the only positive thing.What to expect:Very well stocked mini bar,two bottles of water and two diet pepsi's.Expect to walk 15 minutes to beach and 15 to lobby from center of resort, this is great exercise it will also keep you sharp for when you get back to the city as you will be sharing paths with trains, cars, jeeps and scooters the smell of exhaust fumes will comfort you if you miss the big city.If you enjoy being in a pool with hundreds of other people(february)this is the place for you.If you enjoy waking up early to reserve a hut on the beach you will love this place.If your perfect vacation is calling in for restaurant reservations at 8 a.m and being told sorry sir we were fully booked by 7:15,ah heaven on earth.The locals are very friendly they are not tring to sell you time share appartments they are just there to greet you as you enter and exit the breakfast and lunch buffet,excellent way to learn spanish.Check out is at 12 noon and your flight is in the evening no problem at this 5 star resort they will provide you with a fully furnished closet next to the luggage room with a shower a sink and 40 used towelsstacked in the corner as a reminder of the people that showered before you, if you are one of the annoying picky travelers and ask politely they will mop the floor and remove the towels, afterwards you will have the opportunity for socializing with the other priviliged guests who will come knocking on the door asking if you are done yet. I miss this one already and it's only a day that I'am back home.For all you none picky travelers this place is definetly a 5 star, if you consider yourself picky stay away from this place or I can assure you that you will miss your 30 degree weather.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TIred but good food, service  My husband  and I have just returned from 6 days at the Melia. We were delayed a day due to snow so we arrived on Monday 2/13/06.This was our 2nd visit to Punta Cana and about 7th-8th all inclusive trip, always someplace new, typically a 4-5 star resort. Our friends range in age from 29 to 65 (this year we also had a 20 month old; one year we had 3 teenaged girls.) We once booked with TNT but now with GWV.Our group this year was ten couples, mostly from NH and we have many varied interests.We found the Melia overall to be about average. It is about time for refreshing - somewhat run down. The rooms were large and the beds were very comfortable however; the rooms/buildings were not as clean as they should be. The tub/shower was crowded, there was only one sink, definitely not accommodating for two people. The towels were nice  big but somewhat tattered.We had major problems with our safe (which they charged extra for) but after much ado we just got a refund  went without.The food at the buffets was average but we thought the food at the a la carte above average. We ate at the American Grille, Capri (excellent,) Mexican  Gourmet (the waiter was very talented and hilarious!) You can make reservations the day before, try to call between 7-8am if you are a big group or particular about time.Of the buffets the Gondola was the best although we did not discover it until our last day.The service at all of the restaurants was some of the best we have experienced, tipping or not didn't have a big effect but was definitely appreiciated.Water sports are included but you must sign up in advance, usually the day before. There was also a rock climbing wall and suspended trolley that would be fun for the more adventurous.This resort is quite large and spread out so be prepared to walk a lot. There is a trolley system which we found somewhat annoying but sometimes necessary. The staff gets around in golf carts (they will often give you a lift) or on mopeds. There was alos a lot of truck traffice, I think usually there is an access road system for this type of traffic which would be preferred. The walks are mostly cement molded like stone  can be extremely slippery when wet. They are wide and pretty well marked  sufficiently lit. The grounds keepers did a nice job  would often offer you your very own fresh coconut and tho they didn't speak English they were always smiling  greeting you as you passed.We didn't come across any flamingos but there were a couple of flocks of peacocks  a few ducks.A few in our group (4-5) got sick. I'm not sure what the source of their illness was; most likely food related since everyone used the bottled water. They all recovered within about 24 hours or less with some Cipro or Pepto.We did not go on any excursions but I will tell you of others in our group:One person in our group went golfing (most of us golf but chose not to.) They charged $40 for the cart and $60 for clubs which seems a bit pricey. He said it was a great course and enjoyed it thoroughly.About ten people went on an ATV tour and said it was a blast. They came back totally covered in mud. They managed to negotiate a great rate and although they were not in the best of condition, each had their own vehicle.Others went parasailing (about $35) right off our beach and there was also an awesome ultralight/raft that operated right next door($60/15 min.)Quite a few of us had massages. I had a deep tissue massage by the pool for 1/2 hour. It was $40 and well worth it, relieved some of my aches without any negative effects.There was a fair amount of topless women both at the beach and in the pool. If you are travelling with kids I would suggest the Troplical side as it is more kid friendly. We enjoy gambling and tried the casino three-four nights. My husband  I re-invested our winnings but there were some winners on the slots and even though it is very small there was enough to keep you busy for an hour or two.We didn't really take in any of the shows but other people looked like they were enjoying them. The animation team was OK but didn't manage to get too many involved other than the water aerobics which was great fun whether you participated or observed. Overall I would rate this resort a 3-1/2 due to the condition of the rooms. If you don't spend a lot of time in your room it is a good value although the housekeeping staff could do much better. If they updated this resort I would definitely go back but not until then; there are too many other good resorts to try!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ShannonandDan
<Content>an overall great family holiday resort! We just arrived home on the 16th of February after spending a great week at the Melia Caribe Tropical resort. My husband and I travelled with our two daughters who are 3 and 5 years old. The resort grounds are large and extremely beautiful. There is a train that ran all day every 15 minutes or so and took you all over the grounds. We never had to wait long for the train and our children enjoyed the ride through the resort. Our hotel room was 43 and was situated close to the restaurants and a short 15 minute walk or short train ride to the beach and pools. We have travelled quite extensively and were very surprised after we arrived home to read some of the negative reviews. First of all the grounds were one of the nicest we have seen as is the beach! Beautiful white sand and turquoise waters. The rooms were nice and kept very clean. Our fridge was stocked with water and beer daily by the maid. The staff were extremely nice and accomodating and genuinely love children! It is hard travelling with children but we felt the staff bent over backwards and made our holiday a very enjoyable one. We did tip but did not feel pressured to as we have felt at some other resorts. The food was plentiful and there was a large variety. I can't understand people complaining about the food as there are 8 or 9 a la carte restaurants and three buffets offered at particular times of the day. The staff at the buffets will make you eggs etc anyway you like them at breakfast and fresh pasta of your choice at lunch and dinner. There were so much food to choose from I can't imagine anyone having a hard time finding SOMETHING that they would like!! You do have to call to make reservations for the a la carte restaurants the day before. If you call between 7-8 am you will be sure to get into the restaurants of your choice. Just be flexible with the hours of your reservations if you are able to. On a negative note, I did get sick from what I am not sure but just mildly and I recommend packing the necessary medication. The rest of my family was fine and you run the risk of that happening no matter where you go! The mosquitos were quite bad at night so pack some bug repellant as well.In closing I think your holiday is what you make it! If you are expecting a nice holiday I don't think you will be disappointed at this resort. We weren't! We met wonderful new friends and enjoyed our stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort. We look forward to returning in the future.Burlington, OntarioCanada  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Trip!!!! Just arrived back from the Melia Caribe Tropical, Punta Canna. I have never written a review before on any holiday but decided to do so this time. We took the 6:15 am flight from Toronto on Feb 12 and stayed until Feb 19/06, we arrived at approx 10:30 our time, 11:30 Dominican time (they are 1 hour ahead of us). We went for my husband's 50th birthday with another couple. After reading some of the other reviews I kind of got cold feet and hesitated on going there but Ken from Bel Air Travel and another nice lady also from Bel Air (Vaughan Mills) changed my mind, and I am so glad they did. It was a wonderful holiday, the reviews do help because we got some great ideas from them. The people that have complained about this resort we just don't understand their complaints. The resort is beautiful and very large. The rooms are decent and clean. The staff are more than friendly. When I was investigating this resort I was confused because of the Melia Caribe and the Melia Tropical from what I understand they were two separate resorts but merged and is now one big resort called the Melia Caribe Tropical We stayed on the Caribe side in rooms 3019 and 3011, this area is about a 10 minute walk to the front lobby, but very close to the pool (there is actually a private pool area attached to the Spa) which was right in front of our building. The 2 main pools are very large with swim up bars. There are more pools but we never got to them, as we are beach people.We had a great bartender at the Tropical pool named Rauel great guy and lots of fun. We were also very close to the beach, and yes the beach is beautiful. On windy days you will get alot of seaweed floating up to shore but the workers are out there at 7:00 am in the morning faithfully cleaning it up everyday. Lots of beach chairs, but you have to get up early for a beach hut. The beach you can walk for a long time. We were right beside the Barchelo resorts and we all agreed that our beach was nicer and well kept. A reminder if you want to use the water sports ie paddle boats and catermans you need to book a reservation they tell you the day before but if you are nice and persist and give a couple of dollars for tips you will get what you want.Tips go along way down here and you are not forgotten.Excursions: We booked our Catalina Island  trip (for snorkeling and diving) through Raffele another great guy, this was the best fun ever. It is a long bus ride to La Rommana 1 1/2 hours on the bus then a 30-minute boat ride to Catalina Island this island is on the Caribbean side, belongs to the Dominican Republic, and is a protected island. Very beautiful and very hot. No shortage of alcohol, lunch is good (stay away from any salads), bring some money there are beach vendors here, they are all over you as soon as you get off of the boat but harmless.You leave the front lobby of the hotel about 7am and you are back by 6pm. At the beach you will see a little ultra light plane on a little raft all four of us each separately took a ride on this machine and it was amazing, it is about a 15 minute ride for $60.00 US and 2 of us got to see whales out in the ocean. Just amazing!! Lots of restaurants, 2 buffet down at the beach, the rest are all at the front by the lobby, there is a buffet at the front we did not find until the day before we were leaving it was great. The  la cart restaurants were all great (11).Some the service is slow (Dominican time). Everything is 5 minutes. Also, if you do not have a reservation and call after 4pm any day they do release some reservations because of cancellations. The main lobby is gorgeous the nicest and biggest I have ever seen. There is so much to tell! Other reviews I read were to take insulated mugs (great idea) the other great tip I read was bring walkie talkies fantastic idea you really need them at this resort because of its size. Another tip, leave some money in your mini fridge in your room and you will always have lots of water and soft drinks. Don't loose your beach towels ($100.00 per towel if you don't hand them back in, and they do check). Pack lightly!! We were 18 kilos over weight when we left Toronto and it cost us $120.00. So we left all our magazines, shampoos etc behind. They did not weight our luggage when we left the Dominican. The Air Transat lady at the resort is really nice and I recommend that you go to the orientation the first day you are at the resort at the scheduled time because it is really worth it, she has lots of tips regarding reservations for the restaurants, where to safely shop, some of the excursions etc.Golf!! Across the street from the Melia Caribe Tropical (the Cocotal Golf  Country Club)the four of us went golfing on my husbands birthday (14th) we had a 8:15 am tee off, had to be at the golf course by 7:30am, very difficult to get any kind of tee off times on any given day. The cost was $160.00 US per couple for the rentals and carts.We were harassed the whole time we were there, they have a shortage of carts so you need to complete your game (18 holes) max 4 hours, so if you are a great golfer no problem but us girls were not as good so I think that was part of the problem, but we paid our money, we did not do to bad 41/2 hours. The whole week we were in the Dominican the only rude person we came across was the jerk in the cart with the we think German accent that harassed us to know end at the golf course. The golf course is beautiful.By the way, if you are getting married and staying at this resort Lucky you you will have fantastic wedding pictures, they have the most beautiful wedding gazebo we have ever seen, we saw 3 weddings being prepared while we were there and the decorations and bridal floral arrangements were beautiful. If you are travelling with children we think this is a great family resort but there is alot of walking. Try to get your rooms closer to the beach and pool areas, the Flintstone's area for kids is great this is on the Tropical side, make sure you get this side of the resort. The only time you will then have to use the tram or train will be at night if you want to go up to the main lobby where all the restaurants are and the nightly shows. We cannot comment on the nightly shows as we stayed in the main lobby after dinner as it was lots of fun, we played cards and they also had entertainment as well.I am enclosing my email address if anyone has any questions I would be happy to answer them.cvienneau@trebent.com  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Natacha1
<Content>Trip with 19 months old babies Just returned from Melia Caribe last night from a 7 night stay.My husband and I were really concerned about the mix rewiews on this site. Accordingly, we booked the Royal Service as most people who complained did not book that section of the hotel. The hotel rooms are located just behind the caribe portion should you find a map of the resort on the net. From the villa 51 it was about 7 minutes walk to the beach.We booked this hotel for 2 main reasons, the internet high-speed connection as my husband owns his company and wanted to stay in touch as well as the baby club as our twins were younger than 2 and there are not much resorts who would take them for a few hours.The room: The room are brand new (6 month old) so they are clean and comfortable located across the Royal Service pool and restaurant which is very convenient if you have young kids.restaurant: We ate mainly at Gaby's the Royal Service restaurant as it is the best a la carte one and also had a buffet with A/C. We took a la carte and buffet for the kids. The wine included is not good and accordingly we had to order bottle of wines every night (range between 22$ to 80$)The dominican restaurant is good (the pork is fantastic and the seafood but avoid the fish) Japanese is also good apparently but we had to leave because of the kids.If you don't take the Royal Service it is not easy to get a reservation at the restaurant and you have to dress every night. Gaby's is casual which my husband liked.Without the Royal Service you end up most of the time at the buffet where the quality lacks and you have to wait in line as most people head there at the same time from what we noticed.Pool: The caribe and the Tropical pool are beautiful but not as nice as the Royal Service one. At the RS you have waiters which you don't at the other pools. If you want the best spots I suggest tipping the towel guy at the beginning of the week so he could reserve your spot. I know you are not supposed to but everybody does.For the kids at the RS section, there is a sandy section so they can play which became very nice at night, as most parents would have drinks outside while the kids were playing there.beach: The RS section as service which is very nice. You don't have a bar service on the other sectins. You have to rent sailing boat one to two days in advance depending on the crowd (only 4 boats for almost 2K guests if not more)Kid club: I was concerned as I took the resort for that reason. My boys napped there every day but 2. If your kids can be put to bed without your help, it is worth it. We put them there at 14h and took them back around 17h and they were still sleeping. The security lacks for kids under 4. Above, the kids seemed to enjoy themselves at Betty's Kitchen and at the pool with instructors. There is a climbing wall in the resort and the older kids enjoyed it very much.At night there is not much to do for kids other then the sandy area at the RS restaurant. There is a theater with kids activity around 9pm on the Tropical side. Apart from that the activity center closes at 5:30pmI suggest to bring a stroller as the resort is huge and stroller makes it easier to go by.Babysitting: Beware that it is $10/kid per hour plus $5 per hour for any extra kid. We found outrageous giving that most kids are sleeping at night. We only utilized the service once.Service: I was shocked when I realized that most people don't tip. If you go out to the restaurant you would tip wouldn't you? Then why do it differently because you are in DR? These people don't make much for a living and $1 goes a long way.We will go back. I don't know. I would prefer a smaller resort. We are thinking Club Med for next year, but are scare of having buffet every night. If we don't find another resort, we might try another Melia Resort to try a different destination. Will I recommend it: I would recommend this resort for families with young children as there are a lot of families but the Royal Service only as the restaurant is near your room as well as the pool and the beach. As a couple without children I would not go there to many kids.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alyssa213
<Content>Great place to stay! My boyfriend and I just returned from our vacation to Punta Cana 2/11/06 - 2/18/06. We stayed at Melia Caribe Tropical All Inclusive and had the best time. After reading some of the Trip Advisors were were skeptical but we are very easy going and not picky people. We booked our vacation through Orbitz, where we opted for the ocean view room but upon arrival at the hotel, we learned that there are very few ocean view rooms. We requested a King size bed which we did not initially receive, but they quickly changed it. Our room was the Junior Suite which was perfect for us and I would recommend to ask to be close to the beach and pool.The hotel is huge so I would recommend getting to learn how to get around the first couple of days. There is a train that travels through the resort but we like to walk so we did not travel on the train much.There are about 9 a la carte restaurants which include japanese, chinese, american, italian, international, mexican and dominican food. I would definitely advise to make reservations early as 7am as they supposedly book up fast...or call during the day a few times since they told us in the morning it was completely booked but then called back and there were some openings. We were able to check out most of the restaurants...our favorites were the japanese, dominican and chinese. If you are a picky eater or on a special diet, you might have some problems since there are limited menus or buffets that might not have what you want. The weather was beautiful 85 and sunny everyday so definitely don't forget sunblock. The beach and pool had many activities. We chose to do the speed boats which was right next door to the hotel. Ask for Pedro at the Buccaneers - he was great! This also included snorkeling at the reef which was a great addition.My boyfriend played golf at the hotel course while I went to the spa and had a massage outside which was wonderful. If you are traveling with children, please be advised that many woman are topless on the beach and men wear bikinis smaller than their wives. This might fly in other countries but to us americans, this was not a site to see.The nightlife is so-so with lobby bars, casino and shows. Most people we met did not do well in the casino but also saw someone hit for $250 on a slot machine. Note that standard US blackjack dealer rules do not apply and decks had been reshuffled midshoe. If you are looking for a party hotel, this is not the best choice although it was nice to sit at the bars after dinner and have a few cocktails. Visit Allejandro at the Caribe Lobby Bar...he is awesome!Although it is not required to tip, we brought along $100 in singles/5's which were appreciated at the restaurants and bars. The dominican peso is 33 pesos to $1 US so a dollar is a lot to them so slip them a few bucks and they will take care of you.Overall, we would recommend this hotel to anyone! We had the best time and came back with a wonderful tan. We would travel to Melia again!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow, More then we expected! Well we just got back from our trip and it was awesome. The weather was great all week (28c)Rained one day for 10 mins. Went with kids and they were never bored=rock climbing,2 huge pools, volleyball on the beach etc. Adults also had a great time at the amazing golf course across the street=book you tee-off times as soon as you get there!! Early mornings are the best with 1st tee off at 7.00a.m. Casino at night, dancing in the lobby bar, walks along the beach. Room was great with 3 twin beds and a pull out couch for the 4 of us. Beach was clean, and water was warm. Had heard it was windy but did not feel that. Careful as beach is topless.We stay in building number 5 which was close to the pool and beach, but about a 15 min walk to the lobby and the 8 or 9 different restaurants. Book the day before for which restaurant you want. The food was really good. Don't drink the water from the tap. The bar fridge in the room will be stocked everyday with bottled water and pepsi=leave a dollar or two for the maid and you will never run out. We found that all the locals working at the hotel where friendly, but spoke little English.We will be returning!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We felt the need to defend the resort, this was truly heaven!!       Beautiful Grounds!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 stars!! Just got back from a one week stay couldn't wait to get back home. If you are looking for 5 stars from this place you'll have to look up at the sky. I agree with one of the previous reviews the grounds are beautiful,unfortunetly that's where it ends. This place is not a resort it's a city, it was fully booked during our stay, inorder to get a shaded area on the beach the last 5 days I woke up at 7 am, by 10 the beach and the pools were swamped with people. They built too many rooms for the services available,most nights at the buffet they could not keep up with clean dishes. The food was awful, it's the first time I lost weight at an all inclusive. If you have already booked I suggest you pay the extra money and get upgraded to what they call Royal service this will allow you to get the services that are normally included in all inclusive, otherwise the specialty restaurants will be practically impossible to reserve. To make things worse after complaining to the front desk that the safe does not work properly I was told that there is an extra charge for the use of the safe. On the day I left several couples were told no rooms were available since they were overbooked. I will never again stay at a Melia resort..  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Noway1SomervilleMA
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical-Royal Service Hello,My Wife Jill and I stayed at the Melia Feb.5-12th 2006.It is a very large resort and we didn't mind walking at all, instead of taking the trolley.It was only a 5 minute walk from villa 52 to the beach or the pool or the royal service lounge. After reading all the negative reviews we decided to stay there regardless.We can only tell what it was like in the Royal Service area and service was outstanding. Period. We decided on R.S. because of negative reviews we read on several sites. When we went to orientation, the only people who had complaints were the people who weren't in royal service, and we were the only ones who were in it.Our suite was very clean and comfortable. It had a DVD player, plasma screen tv, and the jacuzzi had fresh flowers daily. The refrigerator was stocked with water, soft drinks, and beer, twice a day and we even had a comlimentary bottle of rum. The Dominican service is as good as it gets in the Carribbean.There was never a crowd as we heard from other parts of the resort. We also had a Maid twice a day in our room for whatever needed to be done.I know gratuities are included but $100.00 in 1 dollar bills go a verrry long way on vacation in Punta Cana. Believe Us it is not much as you are spending thousands to be there. Our Butler Nicholas was absoultely outstanding. We arrived on Super Bowl Sunday and I was not feeling well. Jill asked Nic. for a bottle of wine which he responded with in 20 minutes. A good bottle of Chilean White. Now that is service. He also got me a Tee Time for Tues. AM which I could not get at Cocotal in person. Royal Service also made it very easy to getreservations in any restaraunt at any time.The Food is OK. Only OK. We live on the New England Atlantic coast. We're used to fresh lobster, haddock, cod, shrimp etc. daily and the rock lobsters cannot compare. Our Steaks from Boston are also as good as it gets.Period. We knew going in the food would not compare to what we are used to,although they do a very good job with the Pork they serve.Japanese,French, and the Dominican restaurants are by far the best in our opinion. For all the negative reviews you read there are many more positives. Again the service where we stayed is absolutely as good as a Hyatt in the states. The beach is at least as good as Bahamas,Aruba,Jamaica,Cancun, Etc. and is very white and sandy. I can only comment where I've been. The Dominican People are very proud and are very friendly as well on and off the resort. They are not as pushy as in other countries and very personable and polite. While they can speak and understand English minimally, a few spanish words will come in handy. You will enjoy yourselves at the Royal Service,(Melia Caribe Tropical). No Doubt.SAM  Jill Just ask for Nicholas and he will make it FantasticJust mention our names.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nyorker99
<Content>Would go back again! Okay, I've read the reviews. I've gone to other all inclusives, including sandals and couples (which I LOVED!!). There were a few issues we had. The place is huge. If you feel like hoofing it every day, that's great. Otherwise, take the trolley/train to various locations. We stayed on the Caribe side. I loved the pool. It was gorgeous, clean and huge. However, I don't understand what I thought was a hot tub in the middle being the same temp. as the pool. The beach was very nice. The water was a tad rough. The food was average. I hope your Spanish is good. Their English is very limited and very rough. The hotel rooms were okay. Nothing great, but clean and comfortable. The BIG problem I had was you were supposed to make reservations for dinner the night before. Who knows when they want to go to dinner every night? What we did was call around 4:30 pm that night to book reservations. The golf course was okay if you like par 5s and if you don't mind all of the construction going on around you. The grounds of the hotel were very nice. DON'T GET SUCKERED INTO GOING TO THE VACATION PRESENTATION!! They say it's an hour, but it is more like 3. All in all, I would go back. It's not a Couples, but I knew that going in. The country is extremely 3rd world, but it looks like they are trying seriously to compete with the vacation market. If you are expecting 5 star service, don't stay there. If you are going to have a good time, have fun, meet some incredible people (ey?) then go. We enjoyed it very much! Hello Monique, Peter, Louise and Jim!!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time my husband, myself and our 2yr. old just got back. had a wonderful time. [Originaly was going to cancel because of the bad reviews]. we had the royal services, villa 51, right across from the pool. when we 1st arrived the bus let us off the regular check in where i informed them we were royal service they quickly called our butler who came and took us to the private check in [much nicer] i would only stay here if you upgrade to this service. gabi the resturant at our pool was spectacular 5 star all the way [we at mexican one night too not quiet as good] the bar at gabi is great we could let our son play in the sandy area with all the other kids and we could relax and drink with the other parents. They even stayed open late for us one night. we opted to tip the servers but many did not. they seemed to treat everyone the same. we went to the fun bar right next to the flintsones show. kids are allowed in the bar till ten. I got a massage at the spa it was the best massage ever. we definetly plan to return.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ThristyTraveler
<Content>Still a Hidden Gem! I just returned from nine days in Punta Cana at the Melia Caribe Tropical During December 2005, we stayed at the higher rated Sol Melia Paradisus (see separate trip advisor review). Overall, I highly recommend this all-inclusive beach resort to those seeking a reasonably priced holiday filled with sun and a warm ocean. Our weather was very good, with 6 days of full sunshine, 2 days of partly cloudy skies and one day of mostly cloudy skies. For anyone needing detailed, accurate, and pertinent facts, please keeping reading. 1) Check-in: RCI timeshare members have a separate check in at the Vacation Club - an office to the left of the general check-in. The folks here are very professional; they speak perfect English and provide exceptional client service. There are no signs - so ask if you can't find the office, which is located in the tropical lobby (be sure to direct the taxi to this lobby). The Vacation Club was happy to make our dinner reservations for the entire week. We selected the times we wanted during check-in and they provided written confirmation to us the next day. This was a HUGE benefit, as normal guests can only reserve a day in advance and each dinner venue REQUIRES reservations. Overall, the Vacation Club provided us with exceptional service and with one easy phone call Ms. Perla (supervisor) was happy to accommodate all my needs (including re-booking my cancelled AA flight back to JFK and arranging for an extra two night stay). Her management skills were impressive to say the least (what a nice surprise)!  Hopefully, you are coming for the beach because that's the draw here. Let's be honest, you can choose a number of other destinations that do spa, golf or tennis in a more polished setting. However, Bavaro beach is an unspoiled gem; so get there before too many Americans discover it. Secure a building as close as possible to the beach. This ensures easier daytime access to the only breakfast/lunch buffets which are on opposite ends of the beach front. They're called Agora and Turey. It also allows for bathroom breaks and well timed naps. It seems that the Vacation Club (RCI) buildings are near the beach, which is great. The best location is #16 which is where we stayed. We had a partial ocean view from our patio which was nice. All rooms are located in two story buildings. The ocean views are limited since there are palm trees and small dunes lining the beach front. Ps. The all inclusive fee per person per day is now $50. Apparently, it was $30 during 2005. It is still quite a deal for unlimited food and drink (including alcohol, excluding wine - see below). 2) Royal Service: Many other reviews have stated that the only way to enjoy this resort is to upgrade to one of the half dozen royal service units. However, these units are reserved for timeshare owners at this property and other non-timeshare guests willing to pay a bit more. These units are located adjacent to the main lobby (caribe) with easy access to all of the a la carte restaurants. These units also share their own private pool which is absolutely gorgeous, with its sleek modern design. Adjacent to the pool area is a outdoor bar and sand box lounge complete with self- serve light fare, outdoor beds and other comforts you'd find in a trendy club in N.Y., L.A. or Miami. The only drawback with the Royal Service units is their distance from the beach. The walk is a solid 10 minutes, which effectively eliminates the private bathroom breaks and well timed naps we enjoyed with our beach front location. Note, private golf carts can be summoned to drive you directly to the beach but clearly this adds steps to equation for beach bums like me, who spend 4-6 hours a day on the beach. 3) Getting Around: If you can walk at a reasonable pace, then this resort is not that big. Each night for dinner, we walked to a different a la carte restaurant from our ocean front unit in 10 minutes. Ps. all a la carte dinner locations are located by the main (caribe) lobby, which is a two minute walk from the tropical lobby. Just take a minute and familiarize yourself with the layout beforehand. You MUST get the English map - we scored one at the front desk. Oddly enough, only German versions were available at the Vacation Club check-in. Do yourself a favor and skip the noisy tram which crawls slowly through the resort and doesn't save any time. 4) Beach: The sand is soft and clean and the ocean is gorgeous with a light aqua blue color - yes you can see your toes. The deeper dark blue water gives way to another strip of aqua water for those swimmers and sailors who venture further out. Sit in front of the tropical pool which is between the two buffets restaurants. By 9:30am the huts for shade have been claimed by way of towels, books, etc. So swing by BEFORE breakfast. I had my choice at 8am every day. Fortunately, there are no vendors walking the beach and invading your personal space. Occasionally, the resort staff will try to round up folks for activities like volleyball, dance lessons, aerobics, etc. However, a firm no gracias and they quickly move - be polite but be firm. Also, bring a pocket Spanish phrase book to have handy. My basic skills went a long way to creating goodwill among the local staff.5) Resort Personnel: The staff was friendly and professional and deserved every tip that I handed over. Some have written that service can be poor unless you tip but this was not the case. The staff worked very hard and the resort is well maintained. 6) Food: I read several trip advisor reviews about folks getting ill from the food. It didn't happen to us but we were selective. No fruit at the buffet and no uncooked salad items at the buffet (e.g. items that may have been washed in non bottled water). Obviously, drink and brush your teeth with ONLY bottled water. Breakfast and lunch are buffet style with indoor and outdoor seating (located right off the beach) at Agora and Turey. Food is ok - you won't starve! At lunch they have soft serve ice cream which I had at least twice a day. Ps. all drinks during the day are served from the bars at these two buffets. There is no beach bar or servers on the beach so bring a flask if you are a whiskey drinker like me. You can fill it easily with the Brugal anejo rum which is nicely aged in oak and perfect for sipping after dinner with a cigar, as well. Our a la carte dinner ratings are as follows: Chinese and Mexican are the best (4 out of 5 stars), Dominican and French are also very good (3.5 stars), we didn't care for the Caribbean (2 stars) and we skipped the American and Italian. Note, the wine by the glass is not good. If you are a wine enthusiast, you'll need to buy a bottle, which ranges from $20 and up. Ps. No room service unless you are staying in the Royal Service units. 7) Pool: Both the tropical and caribe pools are located in front of the beach and have bars right at pools edge. I can't say I spent any time at the pool, since I'm a beach bum. However, it was very well laid out and offered many spots for privacy and relaxation, including outdoor beds and huts for shade. 8) Spa / Fitness Facility: The massages seemed relatively cheap at $40 for 25 minutes and $70 for an hour but the staff seemed very inexperienced. They utilized private outdoor tents which were nice but in the end it was just an expensive oil rub down. The fitness room was great and we used it every day. It was open from 7am to 8pm and offered treadmills, bikes, stairmasters, circuit training, and free weights (dumbbells up to 65). The locker rooms had steam, sauna and hot tubs but offered NO towel service so bring one from your room. There are two tennis locations with four clay/sand courts which offer free rackets and balls. Not the best courts but not bad. Bring water. The golf costs extra and is located across the street. I did hear that the course was a bit sparse, though. 9) Guests: The majority of guests are from Europe but we did meet some from folks Canada and the States. In particular, we encountered quite a few Russian guests - lots of families and teenagers sporting HM bikinis. Many European guests sunbathe (and walk?) topless which adds to the Mediterranean atmosphere. 10) Nightlife: Both the caribe and tropical lobby had bars that were open until 1 A.M. However, the most chic bar / lounge is clearly the Avenue Bar. It鈥檚 open until midnight and located just outside the entrance of the Mexican restaurant. This open air space combines stylish chaise lounges, pristine white beds, and orange retro 1960鈥檚 style chairs. The amber colored light boxes and 鈥渃hill-out鈥?music provide the tranquil environment that鈥檚 perfect for sipping your after dinner cocktail and firing up that fine Cuban cigar you negotiated earlier for a mere five US dollars.The casino, which is located just beside the front desk of the caribe lobby, offers blackjack, craps, roulette, and slots. It鈥檚 open to 3 A.M. and its bar usually draws the late night crowd still searching for that special 鈥減ayout鈥? There is a fun pub/disco (?) at the tropical lobby, though I didn鈥檛 make it there. Maybe next time!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon My husband and I had a wonderful experience at the Melia Caribe. We stayed for 10 days in Sept. The pools, room, ocean, and grounds were beautiful--Fresh flowers and vibrant colors EVERYWHERE. We had read a few negative reviews and were a little concerned...but upon arrival all fears were eliminated. Beyond the ride from the airport to the resort (which was a little scary) it was all awesome. I recommend the Japanese restaurant--although all the food was good. Do however remember your stomach medicine--the changes in bacteria, etc. do make it easy to become a little sick. We were there in the off-season and experienced wonderful weather and very few families. It was definitely adult oriented and very romantic. Not much nightlife, but we weren鈥檛 really looking for that. After the crazy long weekend of a wedding it was nice to lie in the sun and relax. We met a couple from England who were on their honeymoon as well and had a lovely time with them. The service was great. All staff was pleasant and helpful. I wish we would have taken a little initiative and brushed up on our Spanish. Sometimes communication was difficult鈥攂ut I blame that 100% on us鈥攊t is a Spanish speaking country. We didn鈥檛 do any tours; although I heard wonderful things from those who did. I am still amazed at the negative reviews鈥 am blaming them on VERY picky people and who cannot adjust to the slow paced nature that makes the Melia Caribe such a wonderful place. They also had 鈥渉oneymoon鈥?nights (I believe on Tuesday evenings) where all of the newlyweds could get together and 鈥渕eet and greet鈥? There was also cake, champagne, etc. We look forward to returning for anniversaries and special occasions!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!! I really have to question other reviewers motives or experience with giving this hotel excellent reviews. If you鈥檙e already locked into your reservation and can鈥檛 change your resort selection you should stay away from the buffet food at Atabales. This will probably be where you are directed to eat on your first night. Stray cats roaming the buffet area didn鈥檛 seem so bad after I tasted the food. Steak skewers were more like beef jerky and they were cold. Rather than being reminded you're in a third world country you should hop on the trolley/train and go to the beach grill located near hotel rooms in the 1000 number. There you can have hot off the grill beef shish kabobs and even better grilled lobster (you might have to wait in a long line for maybe 15 minutes)! Breakfast and lunch is also served at the beach grills. (there are two) AGAIN DON鈥橳 WASTE YOUR TIME AT THE ATABALES BUFFET. The only staff at the hotel that were courteous were the guys asking if you wanted to go the meeting. After day three they got the picture that we were not interested in attending a meeting about possibly booking rooms at their other resorts. How could we possibly be interested in other Melia properties when they couldn鈥檛 even get the basics of an all inclusive plan right. What are we there for, drinks鈥?too syrupy鈥ood鈥orrible鈥?hotel room鈥?horrible plumbing. They actually employed a person that drove around with a plunger attached to the rear of his scooter. I possibly could have had a better time had I not gotten FOOD POISONING. We arrived Friday, by Sunday night I was in bed by 9pm with a fever鈥he next morning the fever was gone but I became friends with the guy on the scooter with the plunger. It took me seven days to feel better and that was only after my doctor prescribed me 1000mg of antibiotics to take for three days straight. Don't think if you stick to bottled water you'll be fine you'll end up eating something bad. The hotels property is amazing, too bad all the attention to detail is spent with landscaping and not food and beverage. Someone spent a lot of money to build this resort it鈥檚 a shame that such a wonderful property has gone to waste. My husband and I have been to three all-inclusives so far, Couples in Jamaica is wonderful鈥reat rooms, excellent food, friendly, courteous staff, lots of activities, great beach with bath like water. Another all-inclusive was in Nuevo Vallarta, the Marival. The Marival was the best, we鈥檙e in our 30鈥檚 and are quite active, we played beach volleyball everyday. The staff actually walked around the pool and encouraged guests to participate in various activities. The drinks and food were great. Next year we鈥檒l be sticking to safe bets with resorts we鈥檝e visited in the past鈥E WILL DEFINITELY REMEMBER TO STAY AWAY FROM MELIA PROPERTIES.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab! I loved this resort! i went on holiday with my parents and my younger sister and i have to say that the resort suited us down to the ground! the area is outstanding and the rooms were superb-although i have to say we found it hard to use the air conditioning but the staff were there to help with that. we had a great holiday and would definatly go back again. the only downside was the HUGE haul back to the UK afterwards but other than that it was fabulous! i recomend that you go on a day trip to snorcle with sharks, it was the best experience of my life bar none(you were also acompanied by Bob Marley there and back!) recomended for all types of tourist, especially families with teenagers (like me) and also couples!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jaq1975
<Content>Best vacation ever       wedding3  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A beautiful resort... Since everyone evaluate a hotel according to their own experiences, their own standards and their own tastes, here is a short overview of our standards, experiences, and tastes. We are a young couple of 34 and 32 years old. Our trip at Melia was our fourth trip in the southern islands. We visited Puerto Plata (Dom. Rep.) in 2002 (Flamenco beach resort, 4 stars), Holguin (Cuba) in 2004 (Playa Pesquero, 4.5 stars) and San Juan (Puerto Rico) in 2005 (Westin resort, 5 stars). We designate ourselves as 鈥減icky鈥?and a bit 鈥渇ancy鈥? While I give importance to the gymnasium, to the pool and to friendliness of the staff, my girlfriend likes to eat well and she cares about the surroundings, cleanliness and details in a hotel. We do not have kids and prefer tranquility during daytime and we sometimes like to party in the evenings. So that is for us.Now, the Melia Caribe鈥?Simply great鈥?We give it 4.5 stars. Here are the the best sides and the worst sides that we found:Good points:-The food: we enjoyed everything. Excellent. Japanese, American Grill, Capri, French restaurant, Moon light. Perfect. We also heard good comments about the Chinese restaurant. The 3 buffets were nice too.-The friendship of the staff. Excellent! We got very friendly with Carlos, a bartender at the lounge near the American Grill. He even made me a Mohito, a drink that worth 15$ in Montreal.-The pool: Good size and nice. We somehow preferred the one at Playa Pesquero.-The vegetation and landscaping: the best we鈥檝e seen so far. They put a lot of effort in landscaping! Fantastic.-The beach: Very nice. The palm trees on the beach gave a touch of exotic to our stay. There are a few algae in the water but we got used to it. The beach is cleaned every morning. The beach is nicer in Punta Cana than in Holguin while the ocean is nicer in Holguin than in Punta Cana.-Reception: nothing to say鈥?We even got a royal service room (with a few royal privileges such as beer in the fridge, bigger room, etc, but without the Royal service though: admittance to the royal service pool and VIP club). Ask for these rooms in building 4100, 4200 or 4300鈥?-Decoration and architecture: Fabulous-Bars: Very nice鈥specially the lounge鈥?Ask for Carlos鈥?A nice guy!Not so good points:-The size of the resort. Although there are small shuttles to get you where you want every 15 minutes, bring a good pair of shoes. So if you stay in a room close to the reception, be prepared to have a 10 minutes (big deal! Walking is good for health and you will find something new everyday in the landscape) walk to get to the beach. Our room was close to the reception and to the restaurants, thus far from the beach. We preferred to be closer to the restaurants than to the beach since we were more willing to walk during daytime than after diner or party鈥?br/>-Motorcycle and trucks travelling throughout the resort. Gasoline in Dom. Rep. Stinks! Although the drivers drive slowly and are very polite, we were a bit tired, at the end of our stay, to hear motor vehicles here and there on the resort.-The wine. As in every hotel in which we travelled, drinking the same wine during diner for a whole week was something we did not enjoy鈥ou can however purchase different wines in some restaurant.So do not hesitate to travel to Punta Cana and to stay at this hotel. We simply loved it... And to me, it is hard to understand that there are people who did not like this hotel AT ALL (Even giving 3 stars out of five would be unfair to me...).  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent from A to Z !       Carlos and me  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic holiday just got back from melia caribe and can`t understand all the bad reviews about it.we went there for my brothers wedding and it couldn`t have been a more perfect day.the hotel and rooms were spotless,we had a maid come everyday and cleaned our room from top to bottom and even put flowers in the bathroom!!!the staff couldn`t do enough for us,allways making sure our drinks were topped up,and always smiling.the entertainment at night was very good especially for keeping the kids quiet,they put a lot of effort in to their shows.the food was beautiful especially the steaks,chicken and king prawns on the buffet grill at night.We are now saving up to go back next year can`t wait!!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Stve
<Content>Wonderful Experience We had a wonderful vacation at the Melia Caribe Tropical. While planning our vacation I read numerous mixed reviews of this resort on Trip Advisor. The bad reviews almost made me change my mind; thankfully I hung in there and went ahead with my plans. The grounds of the Melia our beautiful with lush gardens located throughout the complex. One word of caution, not to be taken as a negative, this is a large resort that may be difficult with small children. We traveled with two children, ages 3  7, and it seemed to take forever to navigate from room to pool to restaurants. However, this is offset by the wonderful views to distract you like the landscaping, as well as flamingos, peacocks, and swans. There are also small trains which assist with travel around the complex. At night, the family loved taking the horse and carriage to the restaurants for dinner. We tipped well the 1st night and had them at our disposal the entire week. We come from NYC where it would cost at least $60-$80 for a ride in one of these for about 15 minutes. I probably spent $20-$30 the entire week, and traveled in class every night right to the front of the restaurant, WHAT A DEAL!!! I could see that some of the criticisms were based on fact but seem to be blown way out of proportion. Yes, there were some mosquitoes and bugs at night (It鈥檚 a tropical location in the Caribbean). Big deal, I had to chase a frog out of my room (Probably because the housekeepers leave the door open when cleaning). Yes, the food wouldn't rate 5 stars on a Zagat survey and each themed restaurant didn't get it exactly right. However, there is so much food that you will never go hungry and plenty of choices to satisfy your tastes. The Japanese restaurant was fantastic, order the fried ice cream for dessert. The food at the Mexican restaurant was delicious, even if it really didn't seem like Mexican food. The Italian restaurant was the only one did I did not enjoy. That may be attributed to me comparing it to all of the fine Italian restaurants that I have been to in NYC (it may have been better suited for lunch). The service at the Gourmet restaurants was great. While at the buffet restaurants be sure to go early while the food is hot, fresh, and undisturbed by the many guests. Also, if you tip and are polite the waiters will remember you and trip over themselves to serve you. IMPORTANT TIP: At buffet, if you want coffee with your dessert make sure you order it while still eating your entrees or else you will not get it until after you finish your dessert. It was frustrating the first couple days but then I got the hang of it. When I was there last year a restaurant (Spanish?) was closed due to fire. The Melia has two sides; the Caribe and the Tropical. I can't remember much of a difference between the two, and it doesn't matter much since you can travel and utilize all facilities in both. I think the Tropical may be geared toward family, while the Caribe toward adults. Both have a buffet restaurant, pool with poolside bar, beach, and lobby/entertainment area. The Tropical has the kid's club and play area by the pool, while the Caribe has the Spa and fitness center near the pool. The Tropical lobby area has a game room for kids, an entertainment area for kids, a small disco, and a bar with occasional live music. The Caribe lobby has the adult shows and entertainment area, the casino, and a more upscale bar with occasional live music.I would not hesitate to return to the Melia Caribe Tropical. I wish we could bring the beautiful landscaping to my front yard so that we could continuously remember the experience. The resort is not perfect but as long as one's expectations are realistic I think they will enjoy the stay.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont waist your time. This is a letter I wrote to the managment at Melia Caribe. This place needs some major work. To whom this may concern, IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING CARIBE TROPICAL  I would first would like to say that I had stayed at your hotels in Cancun and had a wonderful time with my wife and kids. Unfortunately this letter is not a complimenting letter and I am sorry to say that neither my friends or myself will ever stay or recommend your hotels to anyone. If you care to know why please keep reading. I am sure that someone out there cares about the feedback of your awful hotel in Punta Cana Dominican Republic.  My friends and I always make sure when booking hotel stay that we have the best rooms there are to offer, So we booked all three rooms at the Royal Services. When I arrived after an exhausting flight from New York the lady checking us in told me that I would have to pay for my child that was five years of age. I explained to her that I called Sol Melia on several occasions and was told that kids under the age of six were free. She started arguing with me until I insisted she call the manager. The Manager finally shows up a half an hour later and tells me he MUST charge me for my child. I explained again my situation and was rejected. I finally gave up after an hour and told him to contact Sol Melia and find out what to do, but in the meantime I want my room! I checked into my room and was waiting on his phone call but he never called. A few hours later I ran into him at one of the restaurants and he told me that he spoke to Sol Melia and they said the same thing I initially told him that kids under six are free. Now here is my first point. Shouldn't the staff know this already? they have been doing this for years..... Do they just want to aggravate people?. My friends show up a few hours later and there room was not ready so they also had to spend over an hour at check in. A few days later my other friends show up and are told that there room was sold out, and that they are going to send them to another Hotel (Paradisus). Keep in mind that we all have little children and that is why we all booked royal services so that we can share our vacations together. He explained that he had friends staying at the Melia Tropicale and wanted to stay with us. There answer was sorry, there is nothing we can do. How can a hotel chain like Sol Melia be so unprofessional as to oversell hotel rooms while they have people flying from all over the world to stay there? So after several hours of arguing the person at the front counter told them that they can either stay at the Paradisus or sleep outside on the floor. Wow now this is service at its best. After having no choice he took a room at the paradises hotel. This is where the story gets a little interesting. My friend Teddy is told that these hotels are connected so that we can all be together if we would like. So one day we made dinner reservations at his hotel. It takes about 15 minutes to walk each way with kids. We finally get there and are chased down by security guards. They tell us that we cannot enter into the hotel. I then explain our situation to the guards and was told to wait for the manager. The manager then told us that we cannot eat or even enter the hotel. This really made me boil. After a long battle we finally meet up with my friend that was staying there and he also had some words with them, but yet we still could not eat or stay. So do to the fact that you have to make reservations a day in advance for any restaurant, we had to find other ways of looking for food with 7 hungry children. Another good example of great service. Thank you Sol Melia!!!!!!!!!!!!! The next day we make reservations at the sushi restaurant in Melia Caribe. When we arrive around five minutes late we noticed the hostess was mad at our late arrival. We sat down and waited for the rest of our party to arrive. After five minutes the hostess herself walks over to our table to see if we had ordered already. When we told her we were looking over the menu she told us that we have to order quickly because we have to leave by 8:00. So in front if the entire restaurant we have a huge argument over nothing. We are not the type of people to ever be loud or even argue with people in public, but this was just getting ridiculous. After she left the waiter came to apologize for the hostesses bad attitude. He explained that she argues with everyone. Here is another example of poor management. Why would you keep a hostess such as this at your hotel? She is unliked by her peers and customers but yet nobody seems to care.  Another point I would like to bring out is how ninety percent of the employees at this hotel do not speak a word of English, even though most of the people staying there are from the United States. Lastly, I got so fed up with all the problems we were having that I decide to call Sol Melia corporate in Miami Florida. I spoke to a lady by the name of Lorena Canaveras. I told her my story and asked her to try getting me an extended stay so I can at least spend the rest of my vacation with my friend since we were not allowed to cross borders. She told me she would look into it and call me back in the morning. In the meantime we also were speaking with management at Paradises that eventually wound up giving us a few nights on the house so we can be together. Unfortunately we could not get flights back on that day so we had to head home. The next day came and went and I never heard back from Lorena. So when I return home a few days later I call Lorena at customer service and asked her why she didn't call me back, her response was that someone in the hotel tried to contact me but failed. Typical. I told her that nobody tried to call because I would have been happy to talk to anyone who would listen. I then advise Lorena that the hotel offered me a stay for free for all of our troubles in which time she said that I should get her the name of the person we spoke to and that she would honor the stay at any hotel. The next day I call her back and tell her the lady at the hotel is Wilma, she is the Hotel coordinator. By this time I guess Lorena had a change of heart and told me that she might not be able to find this person since the chain is so big. So by now I am just fed up. I had enough of the run around and the arrogance of these employees. How hard is it to pick up the phone and ask for Wilma the hotel coordinator at the Paradisus if you work for them?Anyway the problem went on and on with our stay I can't sit here and write all day. I own a business and if my employees behaved like this I would sure want someone to tell me. This vacation was a vacation from hell. I only go away once a year with my family and I had a horrible time. The hotel itself and the rooms are beautiful, its very unfortunate that it is run so poorly. Everyone I met at the hotel from the states said they were also very unhappy and vowed to right letters. So I hope that someone wakes up at upper management and decides to do something about this. Nobody should go through the inconvenience we have been put through on our vacation.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>1	3	5	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Virginia19
<Content>Wonderful Vacation! I must say I had a few reservations when I booked this trip based on some of the other reviews. But my travel agent convinced me it would make for a great vacation. He was right. We loved the Melia Caribe!Location: About a half hour from the airport. We booked through Apple Vacations and had no trouble connecting with them at the airport.Grounds: The Melia Caribe is a beautiful property. Lots of gorgeous palm trees and other greenery. It is a great place to walk around. It is a rather large property and it takes a good 15-20 minutes to walk from one end to the other. However, there is a train that comes around every 15 minutes.Check In: We upgraded to the Royal Service, and check in was smooth. Royal Service has their own lounge and check in area. So if you do choose Royal Service, don't stand in line at the lobby desk. Ask someone where the Royal Service lounge is and go there immediately. Royal Service costs about $200-$300 more for each person for a week.Rooms: Beautiful. Our room has a separate bedroom and living room, patio, beautiful marble bathroom with Jacuzzi. Again, this is Royal Service so I am not sure what the other rooms looked like.Pool: The pools at this property are very large and it seems always easy to find a chair. It is very relaxing. Each has a bar that is pretty close to get to. Royal Service has its own pool which is absolutely beautiful.Beach: This was about a 5-7 minute walk for us, but it could be closer or farther depending on where you stay. The beach is beautiful. Nice fine white sand, and it is clean. There are plenty of chairs but umbrellas are not as plentiful.Food: The food is not excellent but we did not find it as bad as some of the other reviewers. In fact, we thought it was fine, even pretty good in certain places. You have to make reservations the night before. We thought the Mexican was best (Hacienda) and the International (Altabdes) was worst. The others are all decent. Royal Service has its own restaurant which is good--and you don't have to make reservations.Service: We found the service wonderful. The staff is friendly and helpful. We had no problems.Activities: There are lots of water sports things to do, and a bunch of good golf clubs in the area. The club right on the proerty is OK but not great but the course at the Punta Cana Golf Club is wonderful. The hotel also arranged a day trip for us to play golf at Casa de Campo, which is about 2 hours away. Not cheap, but what a course (Teeth of the Dog). If you are a golf enthusiast, try to make it!The casino is small but you can spend a few nights in there and it is a fine diversion. There are also some other night activites like music and dancing but we did not really see much of this because we were in bed too early!Overall: Great vacation. We would highly recommend it and we would go back!!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DrPMR
<Content>Not all that! We arrived in a torrential downpour of 5.2 inches of rain. We were drenched while running from the tarmack to the terminal and we had umbrellas. The waiting in lines and water at the airport set a bad tone initially. The transfer to the hotel was difficult to find and we had to wade through puddles of about 5-6 inches of water to get to the bus. When we arrived our rooms were not ready and had to sit there like drowned rats. They told us to come back at a certain time. We did and the rooms were still not ready. We waited again. That would set the waiting pattern for the rest of the vacation. Everything was a wait--sometimes long waits. It will be 15 minutes that turned into 45,etc. I realize we were on vacation, but my patience was tested. I must say the beach and the grounds of the Melia are beautiful. Though we probably took most of the beach home with us since the winds were so strong. The accomodations were okay and not as posh as we were led to believe. There weren't enough towels--2 total for 2 adults and asking for more was at times an imposition. We did have a fantastic housekeeper for three of our seven days who made things great.The food was okay. Never went hungry and lots of variety, but it was nothing to write home about. The speciality restaurants and reservations process were frustrating. You needed to get up at 7 am to get in most of the quality locations and then it felt like you were dialing to be the 100th caller. We were told there were not reservations for certain locations and when we went by those locations and there were plenty of tables available. The disturbing part of the buffets was the other guests walking around in bathing suits and speedos and no shoes and taking something taking a bite and putting things back. There were plenty of rude loud and obnoxious guests that really took away from the relaxing vibe of the place.The bars and bartenders were great. The greatest lesson we learned was to say Pina Colada WITH rum otherwise many drinks did not have alcohol. The entertainment and casino were okay...small productions and cheap in nature. Not worth attending. We did have a creepy encounter with a mime who was insulting...others found it funny but we didn't.We were frustrated with the check out process. We both had to fill out and evaluation before they would process it. I changed a rating and was told I needed to do it over. What should have been easy and quick was long and drawn out.We did love the staff...our first housekeeper, bellmen, the bartenders, the tram drivers and wait staff were all friendly and engaging, even with the language barrier. We found a dollar or two tip went a long way and was greatly appreciated.We both came back with a lovely instestinal bug, but that was to be expected. Gotta come back with some souvenior.Like I said, it was a beautiful locale and great beach. It was realtively relaxing and the weather after the first day where I thought we needed to build an ark, was beautiful. However, between the waiting, okay accomodations, food, and entertainment and rude guests, I don't think we will go back. For what we spent, I think we could go elsewhere. I felt like we got a two or three star experience when we could have gotten four or five star for the same amount of money. Says something when the staff recommend other hotels on the island.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a relaxing paradise Went there to celebrate my 50th birthday. Very relaxing, staff very friendly and helpful. This was a vacation was a little of everything. Exciting, interesting, lots to do and all of this with a slow pace. The grounds were beautiful to walk, beaches were clean, and we loved riding the train/tram throughout the complex.Reservations at the resturants were easy to get if you called early. Food on the buffet was o.k. but seemed to be the same each day, but could always find something to eat.I would reccomend this resort to all ages.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It Stayed january 21-29 We loved this resort. I was reading all of the reviews and cannot understand some of the comments. My husband and I go somewhere different every year (for the past 10 years) and do not have any serious concerns with the hotel. The staff treated you as you treated them (very nice) and the food was good. It was great having so many choices. We did not go Royal service and did not have any trouble booking an A La Carte. The secret (thanks to our tour operator) is to book the evening that you want to go. At 3:30 go back to your room and you can book for that evening. It is the spots that are left available. If it is a later reservation, you then have time to go for lunch to hold you over. Yes the sidewalks were slippery, but you just had to be careful (and this was only when it rained the first day). The pool is great. We stayed by the Melia pool (the island across from the pool bar) and had a great time and met some great people from all over the world. The Melia pool has less children and is a little more of a partying atmosphere than the Tropical. We took the sunset cruise (as it was my birthday) and had a great time. We did expect it to be romantic but it turned into more of a party cruise (which we had a great time on). You can book this from Raphael at Scuba Caribe for $30 each. This resort is what you make it. You have people serving you drinks and food and someone to clean your room. What else do you want? You make your vacation what it is. If you go feeling negative, your trip will be negative. Go with an open mind and be ready to have a great time. You can turn any negative into a positive, you are on VACATION.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brickmc
<Content>Absolutely terrific!!! Let me tell you that prior to leaveing for this vacation I was a little concerned due to the negative reviews I had read. It's almost like they stayed somewhere else. We had a great time and the resort was terrific. When we got there, it was hot but cloudy and windy. We went for 7 nights and each day the weather got better and better. Hot every single day. Some days we had some wind and cloudy but always hot. It rained twice. Once early morning (6:30a) and by the time we got up at 9am you'd never have know that it had rained, not even a puddle. Second time it was around 10:30pm and the next day was absoultely hot.Food was always good. Buffet always had a little something for everyone. Breakfast: you had everything from pancakes, eggs, bacon, fruits, cereals, breads ect... Dinner: large variety of meats, stir-frys, breads, fruits, cheeses, breads and desserts. It even had a small buffet for the kids with mini-burgers, chichen fingers, fries. Lunch: beach grilles, had everything from salads, steaks, stir-fries, breads, fries, burgers, pizza and desserts. A-la-cartes required reservations, 1 days notice was enough. Everyone one at the bars were friendly. Kids loved getting their tropical drinks (non-alcholic), pina colodas, banana mambas, fruit drinks ect...Friendliest group of people I have ever met. You became familar with everyone. You would see the same people on the beach, the pools, at the show in the lounge. They were always socializing/interacting with everyone. Just the friendleiest service I have ever experinced.We took our 9  12 year old boys. The loved the pools. We went between the Melia Caribe and the Melia Tropica resorts. The boys loved the pools and the beach. They hated the salt water, so we sent the large part of the days at the pool. Loved the ice-cream and the activitis outside of the kiddy clubs. Kids club for their age group was pretty dull. My kids went for a couple of hours and left. Find it kind of boring. I also noticed 3 kids (probably siblings) there one day and the next day they were at the pool playing around. Kids club for the little onces looked awesome and seemed to keep them entertained. Definetly needs better activities for the older kids. The disco club  games room for the older kids could use improvements.Evening shows were very good and the lounge live music every entertaining. Again the resort group would come out and socialize with you. They'd get people up and dancing. They'd teach some of the steps and just make it a fun evening to either join in or just watch.I would  will definetly return.One thing I would like to say to all. We took a day trip around Punta Cuna. Great trip. If you take any trips outside the resort bring trinkets/candies and especially schools supplies. My next trip I will load up with candies for the kids you see in the towns and villages. Beautiful children. They do not surround you at all as I had heard, but they do come to the road side as soon as they here the tour buses come by. And school supplies: if you do not take any trips outside the resort ask the front desk to hand them over to the tour guides who can drop them off at the schools in the mountains on your behalf. To my travel agent I thank you for recommending this specific resort to me.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice 4 Star We choose this resort because it is a great family resort. It is. The daycare is very good even though our 2 year old didn't want to be left there. He had a couple of great naps there while we relaxed on the beach. The pools areas were not as clean as I prefer but the water was warm and the kids loved the little shallow areas. Food was good. The beachside restaurant near the baby club was very kid friendly. Lots of fruit juices and food to snack on in betweeen meal hours. Rooms are nice. Good size. Not 5 star but sufficient since you shouldn't be spending your time in the room anyway. - There was a curtain that we could clip shut to keep our child from watching us while he fell asleep in the crib in the sitting area. Request a room near the beach otherwise you will end up doing a lot of walking. Service - Very good. Grounds are beautiful. Very lush. Huge. The train is fun for kids. It was only really needed in the evening to go from our room near the beach up to the lobby and restaurant area. Overall - It isn't 5 star. So don't expect that. Go because your kids will love it or because you got a great deal!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a five star resort I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical for one week in January. After seeing all the negative reviews on trip advisor I was very nervous, wanted to cancel my trip, so I called my travel agent about my concerns. They reconvicted me that all of their customers that went to this resort never had any complaints or any problems, so I kept my reservations. Upon arrival the lobby was beautiful; all marble, and opens to the outside. Also upon arrival we saw VERY unhappy people trying to check into their room. Apparently when you have reservations and already paid for your room the resort overbooks, and you are told that your only option is to stay at another resort and to try back tomorrow. We also meet people that booked the royal suites, and once again the resort over booked them and they were down graded to a regular room. We were lucky and got a room on the Caribe side, in building 28.The Pros:- The weather was beautiful, in the 80s and 90s everyday, with only some rain on the first two days that then led to sunny skies. I was disappointed that I was unable to swim because the water was too cold. It was also VERY windy the last two days, so windy that we could not stay at the beach because it was a sand storm.- The beach was beautiful鈥?. The water was clear, the sand white, with a little seaweed which didn鈥檛 bother me at all.- We went on an excursion snorkeling with nurse sharks, and sting rays. This was by far the BEST part of the vacation. They did a wonderful job on this excursion, there were drinks, music, and the staff was amazing.- The pool is beautiful, but cold. The sauna was also very nice, although the Jacuzzi was freezing cold one day and the next day boiling hot, and couldn鈥檛 even go into it. The Cons:- The food was HORRIBLE!!! Please note that I am a very fussy eater. You had to make reservations at least 24 hours in advance for dinner. On Monday morning we called for Monday night and Tuesday night dinner. After 6 nights we still could not get a reservation at the Japanese or French restaurant. The best times were either 6pm or 9-9:30pm, both of which were either too early or too late. If you would go to these restaurants they would only be half full, but not taking any more people. There was no way on my vacation that I was going to get up before 9am to make dinner reservations. The best food was at the Mexican and Italian. The buffets were horrible鈥?. The food was placed out all day with flies around them鈥?my friend then found a fly in her salad dressing (after that we lost our appetite). There was the same food every day at the buffet, and I was tired of eating French fries and hot dogs for lunch. The Italian Buffet on the other hand was better then the ones by the beach.- Our room was not bad, not a 5 star room. It was clean from what I could see, except for some mold in the shower (which is expected somewhat because of the humid weather). The AC did smell a little musty. We bought the safe in the room, but be careful because the directions are in Spanish on how to use it. The water is not filtered in the room, so I had to brush my teeth with bottled water.- The side walks are made of cobblestone, and once they get wet they are VERY slippery鈥? Bring shoes with good grips!!!! - At the beach venders the men were quiet scary鈥? I got about 4 marriage proposals from Dominican men while staying at the resort. I think it is very inappropriate to approach young girls (in their 20鈥檚) in that manner.- I did not eat any fruit or vegetables, ice, or non bottled water. I also brushed my teeth only with bottled water, and still had GI issues. Horrible stomach cramps which I still have 8 days after returning from the D.R. I am a healthcare professional, and took all extra precautions, including taking acidophilus. I heard about this problem from other people who have gone to the D.R. I believe it is because the resort is not that clean. Who knows how the food is prepared, and how long it was sitting out at the buffet. If these practices were to be used in the US I am sure that the FDA would reprimand them to clean up.- There were MANY hornets around the resort. As someone being allergic to bees, I was very apprehensive sitting by the pool for the fear of being stung. I overheard that someone was stung, had a local allergic reaction, went to the ER and had to pay $400 cash before treatment was started, and then cleared by an MD before flying back to the US. At a 5 start resort they should be spraying for bugs, and checking for hornet nests. Once again, on vacation I don鈥檛 want to be worried about possibly being stung by hornets.I would NOT return back to the Melia Caribe Tropical, and probably would not return to the D.R. For the amount of money you spend you can go someplace nicer, and more relaxing. I did have a good time, but was very happy to come back home to 30 degree weather, and back in the US.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jvenezia
<Content>A Tale of Two Melias We definitely had a mixed experience at this resort. We reserved the Royal Service, but because they were overbooked, were not able to stay there for the first 2 nights of our 4 night trip. So for the first two nights we stayed in the Caribe. This was very frustrating, and are still waiting to get our money back for the difference. But it allowed us to see both sides of this resort. So I'll review them separately.The Caribe/Tropical* Grounds are beautiful! Very tropical, well manicured, a pleasure to be in such an environment. * Rooms are ok. Definitely older looking. Nice, but not great. Our safe didn't work, which was annoying. No other major complaints.* The service was mixed. Some people were very nice and helpful. Other people simply told you what you wanted to hear. * Food - can't really review because we ate at the Royal Service for the most part. We did eat at the Japanese and French restaurants. Both were good.Royal Sevice* Georgeous! This is the only way to stay at this resort if you are looking for a 4* or 5* experience. The rooms were magnificent, ours had a jacuzzi and 2 flat screen TVs. We had a master suite, though we only reserved a junior suite. * Food - very good. Buffets for breakfast and lunch, then sit down for dinner. * Service - very good, much better than the regular part of the resort. * Pool - very nice. We spent a lot of time here. The beach was really nice too, but it was pretty windy.Overall Opinions/Tips* The information we received by asking questions was marginal at best. So it's good to be flexible, but persistent. Don't have too high of expectations and you will have a great time.* There were a few folks trying to sell condos, etc. but we just said no and continued on our way. * The best tip we received was to take 50 one dollar bills for tipping. We tipped often, and the service was much better.* Try to learn a few words in spanish. It made things more fun, and we did get better service and more smiles. My wife does not speak any spanish (i speak a little) but they appreciated the greetings and her effort to say a few words. * We took malaria medicine, but only saw a few mosquitos. Though it was nice not worrying about it.* If I could split my ratings I would give the Tropical/Caribe 3 stars and the Royal Service 5 stars. The royal service is a completely different experience. Final recommendation* I think I would try somewhere else next time. Royal service was great, but since you can't guarantee what you get, it would be safer to simply book at a 4 or 5 star resort. * We stayed here because they were offering a pretty good deal on the internet, so we're happy overall with our trip. * Don't focus on what doesn't work, be flexible, enjoy the georgous weather, and relax!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Never Go Back! After looking forward to a wonderful vacation, away from the Northeast winter, about the only thing I enjoyed at the Melia Caribe was the warm temperatures. This hotel is extremely disorganized and the service people are unfriendly. There were six couples in our group and every one of them did not get the room they booked, ie. a king bed. Two couples chose to keep the twin beds but four of the couples insisted on king beds and were told we should be glad we have a room because they intentionally overbook and some people have to go to other resorts if they want a room at all! We ran into some people that told us they were there for a wedding and the grooms' parents had to go to another resort. We were given no information at check-in, not even how to get to our room. After realizing how big the resort was, we decided we needed some kind of map. We returned to the desk to inquire about a map and after much searching through drawers by the desk clerk he finally found a map in German - we speak English. We also were not told that you have to make reservations for dinner the day before (in the morning before 8:00am) or you would not be seated even if half the restaurant was empty. That's just what I wanted to do on vacation - get up every morning at 7:00 to be put on hold for a half hour to make dinner reservations for the next night. Luckily we were with others so we took turns making the reservations. The food was less than average. If these restaurants were in our hometown we definetly would not return. The buffet food was always cold and everyday was exactly the same - never anything different. We're still wondering what the beef meat was. If you were walking down the cobblestone paths (which were extremely slippery when wet!), you had to get out of the way of the scooters or service vehicles because they weren't moving for you. We found this true also of the service people walking, many times we had to step off into the grass or otherwise the hotel staff would have walked right into you. Not to mention the spa staff who overtook the female bathroom. As the guests were politely forming a line, the spa girls entered, passed everyone and you couldn't even get to a sink to wash your hands until they were all finished and leaving. We found it bizarre that a five star hotel doesn't have a water fitration system. I didn't expect to have to use bottled water to brush my teeth. I couldn't wait to get home to a spigot. The time share people never went away and blocked pathways. By the end of the week my nos weren't very pleasant. Don't expect to get any American change because they absolutey will not give it to you. All we wanted was some one dollar bills to tip our maid and they gave us nothing but a run around. We asked the girl at the casino who told us she had no change only to see her give another casino emplyee a roll of ones only minutes after we asked her. The beaches were nice but did have a large amount of seaweed. The winds were high at least half of the days we were there so the water sports were not available. Don't lose your beach towel or you will get charged $100.00. I guess this means chain them to yourself because if you're in the water (which was cold) or taking a walk along the beach, your towel might get stolen, which happened to people in our party. The unfriendliness of the Dominicans amazed me the most. I have never been on a vacation were I wanted the time to go fast so I could go home, especially when I was leaving 90 degree weather to return to 30 degrees and snow but I couldn't wait to go home.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a five, more like a three star! I have travelled to many places, this was the first vacation I have returned home not relaxed and agitated. My husband  I work hard to save money to go away  relax, unfortunatley that did not occur at the Melia Caribe Tropical. This was our first time in the Dominican  probably our last.The following is a list of Pros  Cons:Pros:- Well manicured grounds- beaches were beautiful- Pool side was comfortable- Lots of food options (many restuarants to choose from)- Food was average- Lounge areas for nightly drinks were very niceCons:- Resort was to large  confusing- Trolly available if you want to inhale exhaust, wait around at train stops, and often very crowded. (Opted to walk)- Walk ways are very slick  unlevelled- First three days delt with leaky bathroom (leak origianted from room above us)  constuction in our room to correct the problem - Finally after complainging for three days to management we had to re-pack  move to the Caribe side- Cleanliness of rooms were very suspect, we observed the disgusting mops  utensils to clean the rooms.- Friends of ours had roaches in their rooms- Casino was very small  extermely smokey  I'm a smoker- Food prepartion  handling is suspect, due to water issues in the Dominican, caused my husband to be very ill with diarreah  nasuea,  still is.- Verbal harassment (sexual comments) from hotel employees/grounds crew while I was walking alone - Was approached numerous times to be involved in Time Share meetings.- Proposition for drugs  sexual massage by the locals on the beach. Very inappropriate.All in all not a very relaxing experience, and defintely not worth our hard earned money!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't wait to come home.... Let me start by saying this..I had consistently checked the TripAdvisor reviews prior to my trip and was SO close to cancelling the Melia Caribe. But I decided that the people posting the bad reviews were probably just picky or couldn't have a good time anywhere. Boy was I wrong. This was the worst vacation I have ever been on. That isn't saying much considering I actually got engaged while there - but we were still ready to leave after 2 days. I did find that there were people from Canada and Europe who absolutely loved it. But every couple I met from the NorthEast hated it. I guess its something about culture or tastes, I don't know. This resort is big...but that is not what caused me not to like it. We actually chose to walk everywhere. We just liked walking and thought it was nice to see all the grounds. But I am 24 and my fiance is 26..so walking wasn't a problem. They walkways are made of uneven cobblestone so I can easily see how an older person or children would have a hard time. I would probalby have gotten impatient waiting for the trams. The Pros:- The grounds are beautiful and very nicely landscaped. They are always working to make it clean and pretty. - The beach is nice (although a lot of seaweed), but the weater is calm and beautiful. - The workers were VERY nice and always pleasant. I do not speak any Spanish, but I tried as best I could. You just have to understand that. The workers understand enough English to get by in the specific job they are doing. For instance, the maid understood more towels and pillows and the waiter understood more water but the waiter wouldn't understand if you asked him which excursions to go on or something like that. - The shows were actually suprisingly pretty decent. The Cons:- The biggest con and the one that made us the most unhappy was the food. I didn't expect the food to be terrific, just average. But it was definitely below average. The buffets for breakfast and lunch were the same garbage day after day. The omellettes were the only thing I ate at breakfast even though they were full of grease. The juice wasn't real juice, but tasted more like Kool Aid and everything else was just really bad. Lunch was the absolute worst though. The hamburger beef didn't taste like beef at all, I'm scared to imagine what was in them. The rest of the food just looked scary and tasted worse. Half the stuff we had was undercooked or overcooked. Needless to say I ate french fries and chocolate cake for lunch every day. The restaurants were decent. Our favorites were the Mexican, French, and Dominican (surprisingly). The Japanese was decent. The Seafood and American were horrible. - The pool water was FREEZING. I asked around and it seems that most of Jan and Feb the water in the pool is really cold. Its not heated. The ocean water was cool..but bearable. It was extremlely windy so you couldn't really sit on the beach because the sand was getting blown everywnere. Due to the wind all of our excursions were cancelled (we planne don doing Deep Sea Fishing, catamaran, and snorkelling). We were SOO bored...we couldn't lay out in the sun b/c then we'd get hot and we couldn't cool off by going in the pool or in the ocean b/c it was so unbearably cold. - As I said earlier we got engaged on this trip. I had stayed at the Paradisus in November and for my cousin's birthday (free of charge) they through her a littel party with balloons and cake and champagen toast. It was very nice. I called to see if we could have something special for our engagement and all they could offer me was a dinner on the beach for $150 PER PERSON to eat the same crappy food they offer at the buffet. No way.- There is no bottled wine or champagne. Of course you can pay extra (like $20-50 US) for a bottle of your choice, but only a standard wine by the glass is in included. At the paradisus, they had an extensive wine list and all bottles were included. They wouldn't even give us a bottle of champgane to celebrate our engagement.- At night, after the shows at the Paradisus they had the dancers come out by the bar where there was live music and they would dance with the guests and put on a little dancing show. It was fun. There was nothing like that here. After the show (11pm) the place emptied out.- I never saw any activities by the pool or the beach. It could be where we were sitting, but either way..never saw anything. - Total lack of pleasing the guest. 2 things happened that really irked me. (1) Our remote control was broken. This may not sound that big of a deal, but its one of those conveniences that we have grown accustomed to. After countless calls to the maintenance Dept. we called the front desk and finally our tour operator...we never got a workign remote. (2) For our engagement, my aunt called and paid $50 for a bottle of wine to be sent to our room. I didn't even know it was there until she called to ask if I got it. They simply put the bottle in the refridgerator...no glasses, no wine bucket, no nothing. Plus the wine was the same crappy table wine they served at dinner...hardly worth $50. - The casino was packed and hard to get a space to play any of the games or slots. The rules are inconsistent (at least in BlackJack) so be careful. What I mean is that sometimes you can bet the insurance but only when it is your turn, sometimes only before the dealer starts dealing the hit cards. Sometimes the dealer checks for blackjack sometimes they don't. We saw a lot of people very upset over this. We met one couple that arrived on Saturday and were on the same flight as us on Monday...they were from New Jersey as well. My advice is to SERIOUSLY reconsider this hotel. If you are from the NorthEast...then especially reconsider. I also had problems with Travel Impressions, my recommendation is to go through Apple. Please don't hesitate to email me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe Nice But Not Great We booked the Melia Caribe and reserved a King size bed and ended up with a room on the Melia Tropical side with two Twin (possibly double in the Dominican) beds. Also, location was very far from the beach. I strongly recommend that when you are shown the resort map at the front desk, be sure to ask where the beach is to give you an idea of how far you will be and if the room you requested has a king size bed if this is what you desire. My shock at not seeing a king size bed or at least a queen was upsetting and took me all day to fix because of the chaos at the front desk on sunday afternoon. Front desk finally found me a new room at midnight on the caribe side which was bigger and even had a free rum bottle on the table for us. While the front desk argues that there is no difference between tropical and caribe, i did see a difference in the two rooms. Grounds and the beach are beautiful. Resort is huge but there is a train to get around. Food was mediocre. I would also say that the resort is definitely not for singles. 70% were seniors (golfers maybe) and 15% is couples and the remaining 15% is young couples with small children. Would probably not go back to Melia Caribe or the Dominican.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GFKelly
<Content>Beautiful Grounds and service; bland food I wont repeat what others have said, but I will agree that the Royal Service made all the difference. It allowed us to have a cabana and chairs by the pool, and we got drinks by the beach. The food, however pleasantly arrayed, was BLAND. It reminded my wife and I of dorm food from college. Not to be stereotypical, but it was amusing that the Brits we hung out with there raved about the food.A $5 tip to the maid meant all drinks (including beers) were restocked, and the room withthe two person jacuzzi tub was top notch. The staff was ll very friendly and were very good to us. Yes, the walkways get VERY slick when it rains.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ahhhhh! Melia Caribe Prior to my vacation, I read countless reviews on this resort. I was a little concerned when I read some of the negative reviews, but I was going with the intention of having a great time. I was not disappointed.Having never experienced travel in a foreign country before, it was a little confusing when we arrived in Punta Cana, but everyone was helpful and friendly. The Tourist Tax was not a surprise (thanks to the reviews) and we were able to find the correct bus to the resort, with the help of an eager porter. His $1 tip pleased him to no end. Our adventure well under-way, we were facinated by the scenery all the way to the resort. From landing to the resort, we were about 1 hour. Check-in was relatively painless: we stood in line for about 20mins and were served a nice cold rum punch while we waited. We got our room cards and directions-the front desk staff spoke very good English and were very friendly. For those of you first-time resort goers (like myself) this resort is beautiful! Marble floors, lush vegetation and flowers everywhere, lovely landscaping and friendly, helpful staff. We sent our bags to our room (via another eager porter) and headed out to explore and find our room. We were located at the opposite end of the resort, on the Tropical side (near the beach and pool). Yes, we met a very friendly time-share representative--he was not pushy about it, just very friendly (Isi is the MAN!) He helped us numerous times during our stay. for the record, we did attend the presentation to satisfy our own curiosity, but I would recommend anyone who is definately NOT interested, just say No thank you and keep on your way. It is called a Vacation Club just so there is no confusion. We continued on our walk-it took about 15-20 minutes to get to our room, but the walk was very enjoyable: hibiscus are everywhere, and flamingos and peacocks stroll around-it was a georgeous walk, but a long one if you are dragging bags. There is a little train that runs around the grounds if you prefer not to walk. Our bags arrived about the same time we did. Again, a small tip was appreciated, and although the porter did not speak English as well as the front desk people, we managed to get instruction on the room safe and directions to the beach, pool and restaurant closest to us. (my sister and I have mastery of Spanish limited to what Dora the Explorer taught us!)The room was beautiful--it was standard, not VIP, but it was perfect. I utilized the tip about the card in the slot to keep the fan, AC and refrigerator operating while we were not in the room-thanks! Our maid was wonderful-every morning we left the room by 9am to go to the beach or pool. When we came back in the afternoon (usually after 3), the room was cleaned and readied: fresh flowers decorating the bathroom every day. We had fun, with the help of a Spanish phrase book, leaving our maid little notes with $2 tip and small gifts like hair decorations (for little girls) and packs of crayons/coloring books. The notes she left indicated that she appreciated our gifts and to please ask for her if we needed anything. We had no problem with anything in the room during our stay (except the second time we tried to use our card, it would not work and had to be reactivated: not really a big deal, but a --- at the time)-the regrigerator was kept stocked, AC worked very well, everything was wonderful. We enjoyed coffee on our patio every morning while we watched (through the privacy vines) people walking by on the way to work or to the pool.I am not much of a bargainer, so shopping was not a really pleasant experience for me. However, there are vendors at the resort in the evenings who have lovely jewelry, paintings, sculptures, etc. that you can purchase, with some bargaining for a fair enough price. The vendors are agressive, but friendly. Keep in mind that an American dollar is worth about 32 Dominican pesos and their initial asking price will be about 3 times what they will settle for. But, I wasn't there for the shopping. I was there to relax.And relaxing is exactly what I did! Lounging by the pool, on the beach, having a drink at the swim-up bar (new favorite drink--Caipirina: yummy!), catching b'fast and later a snack at the Agora grill, dinner at one of the great restaurants and reapeating that for several days...aaaaahhhh!The food was great--neither of us had any stomach problems. We enjoyed the Dominican restaurant and the French restaurant very much. Those were the only 2 we actually made reservations for and made it to dinner. The Dominican El Guarapo was wonderful-lovely decor, friendly staff, delicious food. Ma Maison was elegant and everything from the appetizer to the dessert was delicious. We tried to reserve at the Japanese (as it was always reviewed as a favorite) and got reservations for 10pm. Well...after Daniel and Junior at the Agora grill kept us so well hydrated with Caipirinas, we were asleep by 9:30 and missed our dinner! Oh well...so we had to eat steak and lobster at the Agora...that was rough!! Yes, the breakfast buffets offered the same choices everyday. However, one could have bacon and eggs, cereal, fresh fruit, pancakes, pastries, omelettes prepared to your liking, cheese, cold cuts, etc. All of it was prepared well and presented artfully.We did take one of the tours that were offered through the resort: we went to Catalina Island and the Chavon River tour. It was a wonderful cultural experience. It was not a luxury tour by any means, but it was fun and entertaining. The snorkeling at Catalina Island was great! It was breathtakingly beautiful. If you have never seen the Carribbean, it is a great trip. Our tour guide and bus driver were great. Our guide, Jose was very entertaining and knowledgable. Most of us on that tour spoke English and we were all impressed by his language skills.All in all, it was a wonderful stay: very relaxing, wonderful staff-very helpful and friendly. After the strangeness the first night, I slept like a baby and never felt unsafe walking the grounds in the evenings. We were not there for the nightlife, so the quiet evenings were great--we did enjoy the live music and dancing one night at the lobby (they had entertainment there every night). I came back to the states relaxed and refreshed. Great vacation!!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>belmarbeach
<Content>Will not return We got a winter special and choose the Melia. It is too big. Too far to walk,so you wait for the shuttle.Thanks to having a person with me who spoke Spanish.The folks in the lobby for check in were not very helpful. We wasted a few days having room changes as we were too far from the pools and ocean.Stay in rooms 28 and up.Hard getting into the restarants of your choice as they give royal service priority. Thanks to Briana at guests service. She made all our reservations for us. Ate in International, chinese, japanese,french and mexican. The hotel is very unorganized.I was not relaxed when I came home.It was too tiring getting around.So many people had horrid stories to tell. Even the cobble stone walks were difficult and slippery. In the evening very dark and you don't want to walk alone.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation with minor issues: Jan 16 - 23, 2006.... Having been to Secrets Excellence for the last two years, we decided to stay someplace different this year. This resort is fabulously beautiful. It is so lush and so well maintained that it is truly like a tropical paradise. Unlike other resorts where you are forced to jockey for an umbrella near the pool , the huge pools have undulating shapes that are adjacent to lovely landscaping and palm trees which make a shade hunt very easy. The buildings that the rooms are in are really pretty - each room has a little patio with window boxes with greenery and flowers. DO NOT STAY IN BUILDING 24!!! It is really noisy at night if there is a beach party or an event in the Tukey beachfront restaurant. The rooms are nice although you just cannot get away from the musty smell that gets in your clothes - be prepared to wash and dry clean everything you bring with you when you get home (due to the type of air conditioning systems they have). Ask for an upstairs room and be prepared that the minibars only have soda and water. The emphasis here was not on heavy drinking. There was allot of alcohol flowing but there did not seem to be the rowdiness and large number of loud boozers that were present at Secrets. Restaurants had wine by the glass but you had to pay extra for wine by the bottle. Bring not only bug spray but also Benadryl spray because the biters are vicious when they are out ( rarely - my only encounter was actually in my room!).The restaurants were beautiful and the food presentation was excellent but it certainly was not 4 star quality.The Dominicans just haven't gotten the food thing down yet - it is the same at Secrets. The food is passable but nothing knocks your socks off. Our best find was an ala carte restaurant called the moonlight cafe which has outdoor seating,live music, and does not require reservations. Incredibly it is not listed in the list of restaurants! The staff is friendly and helpful if you need them but they do not fall all over themselves to be of service. Be aware of the time share vampires - if you tell them to politely buzz off they will leave you alone. The gym was nice but the tredmills were broken. The massages were reportedly quite good. People said the golf was excellent as was the tennis. The crowd was a mix of Americans, Canadians, South Americans and Europeans, which makes it fun with interesting people watching. The beach was gorgeous. We were so relaxed we were practically comatose. We absolutely liked this better than Secrets and would return in a heartbeat. You have to be able to relax and not sweat the small stuff.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Getaway at The Caribe My husband and I along with another couple just returned from a five day stay at the Melia Caribe in Punta Cana. Jan 12-16. I had read many mixed reviews on the hotel on Trip Advisor, but decided to listen to the positive reviews.When we arrived at the hotelthe staff was friendly and ready to assist us. We were greeted at the front desk by a waitress giving us a welcome cocktail.The map of the resort that they gave us was in german-we got a good laugh at that and decided to have fun with it and not waste time trying to get another one. Almost all of the staff (bartenders, housekeeping, and maintenance men) did not speak English. The employyes at the front desk and tour desk were fluent in English, and always willing to help. On the third day of our stay I realized our room was not locking. I called the front desk and it was fixed in about an hour. Our room was beautiful. Everday housekeeping would clean and put fresh flowers from the grounds in and around the bathroom. the grounds are very lush and kept very clean. There are flamingos and peacocks and other exotic birds walking around the garden. There was a peacock right on someone's terrace. The resort is so big that you have to take a trolly to get to other parts of the resort. They run about every 15 minutes. We did walk it though sometimes, it wasn't too bad. Also if the staff sees you walking they might stop and pick you up with their golfcart and drop you where you need to go. Be very careful, keep all arms and legs in the trolly as the trolly did collide with the other troll going the other way. The road is just about wide enough for both trains to fit. The train situation didn't seem to upset anyone, as long as nobody was hurt, and after a several coco locos we were amused. The trains do fill up fast between the hours of 6:30-11:00 p.m. A lot of people are going to their dinner reservations. Be sure to make your reservations the day before as the a la carte restaraunts require reservations and book up fast. The food at the buffet was o.k.-not bad just different. There is a wide variety of a la carte restaraunts. Chinese, Japanese,Italian,Steakhouse, Seafood and Mexican. The Japanese restaraunt was the most popular and booked the fastest. The pool was clean and well kept up with as well as the beach was clean and not over crowded. There was always a grass hut to catch some shade, or an avaliable chair to catch some sun in. There was a show everynight with music and entertainment-it was fun to watch and very entertaining. The casino was pretty big-although we did not win we did see other people winning on the slots. It pretty much rained at night wich worked out well. Be very careful-the cobblestone walk way gets very slippery when wet.In conclusion, if you are seeking sun and relaxation along with good service and immpecable grounds this is the place for you!! Afterall it's your vacation-save the complaining for home! :0) good luck and enjoy!!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent resort when staying with the Royal Service package We just got back on the 22nd of January after staying for 7 days. We also were unsure after reading some of the reviews but were pleasantly surprised. This resort is beautiful. The people of the Dominican Republic are always smiling and happy. I don't speak Spanish, which is a problem because they don't speak much English. However, I had brought a little Spanish guide book with me and it was most helpful. They love it when you try to speak their language!! The grounds of the resort are beautiful, and the beach/ocean is breathtaking. We didn't venture much from the Royal Service area because the other areas don't get the same service. We had our own private restaurant that serves lobster 2-3 times a week. The private pool area is fabulous with an allday snack bar. The bar is stocked with top shelf liqour and if you tip properly, you'll never wait long for a drink!I don't mind tipping these hard working, friendly people as they are paid very little. The resort is large but in the Royal Servive package, all you have to do is call for a ride and they will pick you up. The others have to wait for this big train to pick you up at desinated stops. The resort has a casino which we went to a few times but it's not vey large. If you like to play a little cards or a few slots, it's not bad, just don't expect anything special. The resort also has shows at night but I never went to any of them so I can't be much help there.I can't say enough about the Royal service!! Our room was beautiful with a big jacuzzi. The butler will draw your bath for you and put flowers all around!!The room service brings a great breakfast in the morning be sure to try it!! There is no room service if you don't have the R.S.Also , go to the concierge for all your reservations, VIP customers have priority. We recommend the Japanese and Dominican restaurants. Other than that, the Gabi is the best restaurant.Overall, this is the best vacation we have ever been on. If you you like to lay around in the sun and be waited on like your a vip, this is the place for you. We are allready planning for next year!!!!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>campy11
<Content>Royal Service My wife and I just returned from 5 days at the Melia Caribe with the Royal Service. We could not have found a better place. The service was first class, the people were extremely friendly, the food was great, and the accomadations were excellent. A few words about each:Service When we arrived and mentioned Royal Service, we were escorted to the Royal Service lounge where 2 english speaking young ladies checked us in with no problem. We arrived late in the afternoon and did not have a chance to amke any reservations for that evening. So, we had to eat Tenderloin dinners at the Gabi (the private Royal Service resturant). Housekeeping was excellent and the room was spotless when we returned every day. The bartenders fixed any drink you wanted and were glad to see you every time you returned (even without tipping, which we did). the waiters refilled your water and wine glasses regularly. Food While not all the dishes were to our liking, there was not a meal that we did not enjoy. there is always something that you will find to you taste  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2mouse2
<Content>STILL AS GOOD AS THE FIRST TIME My husband  I went this past July 2005 to the Melia Carib-Tropical Resort in Punta Cana. It was our 3rd trip to this resort  became concerned after reading reviews. I must say, being from N.Y.C. you know good food  bad food. The restaurants are very good  the rooms are very clean. The staff is friendly and cannot do enough for you. I recommended this resort in the past to other couples  they felt the same about the place. Overall we enjoyed our vacation and would definately recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Married at the Melia, great trip overall       beach  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely holiday at the Melia Caribe Tropicale January 20, 2006We just got back from a week at the Melia Caribe Tropicale and had a great time.Some of the reviews we had read before leaving had us apprehensive, but we had no problems with the vacation. This was our third time to the DR but our first time to this resort.The grounds ARE huge - and lovely. A train comes along about every 10 minutes or so, but walking is no problem at all.The resort was booked to full capacity (there were two big conventions there as well as the January travellers). There were a few people who had troubles getting their rooms because it was so full, but all was sorted out in the end.The food was wonderful - the buffets have something to offer the more adventurous, to the less adventurous. At breakfast there was fresh squeezed juices, champagne, yogurts, cereals, breads, omlettes, fruits and other steam trays of food (potatoes, banana empadas, bacon, ham...). Lunch always had fruits and salads available, and assorted bread rolls and pastries. They cooked a huge (5 foot)pan of paella every day at the lunch buffet. There are trays of rices, meats, vegetables and there were cooks making pasta creations you chose. For the less adventurous there was always sandwich fixings, hot dogs, hamburgers, french fries and pizzas available - even a make your own ice cream cone dispenser.Because the hotels were so full they opened up the Agora grill on the beach for dinner. It was some of the best food at the hotel - steak, chicken, fish, lobster, shrimp... all grilled for you. The shrimp were especially good.We went to the Japanese, seafood and Dominican restaurants. There was never a problem getting a reservation even though the resort was so full. All of the restaurants were excellent. The Japanese was the most fun because they seat you in groups of twelve, and you meet such diverse and interesting people this way.We had no problems getting a palapa on the beach, and could usually find space around the swimming pool. Even though the hotel was so full it really did not seem like it anywhere we went.Each night at 10pm there is a show in the Caribe theatre, off the lobby near the bar. They were all good and a nice way to end up an evening. Back at the Tropicale lobby there is live music and dancing which is a lot of fun. The Animation staff are there and teach some dance moves and join in with anyone who is willing!Thursday is Dominican Day at the resort and the staff are in their traditional colours for that day, and the flags are flying. They did a great Dominican Language class by the pool in the morning (because we have some Dominican ways to speak here - not just Spanish they told us) which was capped off with the gardener bringing over fresh coconuts and whacking the top off, handing us straws and pouring rum in. Great fun.The gift shops in the hotel are very expensive - if you are looking for a gift to take home (and enjoy haggling) you are much better off to head up the beach about 10 minutes to the shacks they have set up there selling pretty much everything.I found this resort to be more commercial than others we have stayed at - on your first day there you will be approached by salespeople to come see their new complex next door, that they are selling suites for. Once your first day was done they didn't approach you any longer. We did not travel with our children, but noticed that this resort had a more families vacationing than others we have been to. The kids seem to have a good time at the Flinstones club - and the staff seemed to really enjoy the kids as well.On this vacation we found the staff to be friendly and wonderful - I would say overall that the Melia Caribe Tropicale offers excellent value for your vacation dollar, whether you are looking for a restful place to relax, or looking for fun activities to get involved in.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK but not great Returned last week from a week at this resort and although we had a good time, it could have been better by:1. Reducing the traffic (and fumes)on the walkways2. Having staff serve drinks by the pool and beach (they would earn their salary and more just from tips.3. Improve the quality of the food. The specialy restaurants are good however.4. Less expensive beach activities.5. If you have to check out by noon and your flight does not leave until the evening, have a room (not a shower) available for guests.6. The buffet should not be closed because of weddings.7.More non smoking sections.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Vacation My bf and I stayed at the Caribe side for 7 days and it was the most amazing time both of us ever had.I had my doubts from reading some negative reviews but my time there was anything but negative.Granted, the check in was a pain but we didnt arrive til 11pm so they were a little understaffed at first. The room was beautiful and though we had a problem with the A/C (but turns out we just didnt have the balcony door closed properly) they came w/in 5 mins of the call. The place was picture perfect. The weather we had was great and we couldnt ask for anything more.The food was good, actually gained some weight. Getting a reservation for the a la carte dinners were a little difficult but we just relaxed and treated it like it was a game. We always had reservations and the food was very good (we ate at the american grill, chinese, seafood and italian) The beach was clean, people were friendly and helpful, pool was quiet if you stayed away from the pool bar.The service people drive a lot of little scooters, just hold your breath for a bit and its no big deal. We've already decided to go back there again next year.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HeppyfromthePassage
<Content>Icredible Vacation My husband,11 year old son, sister-in-law,and I spent a great week at Melia Tropical from January 10,2006 until January 17,2006. This was the 5th time we've taken our son away, and as with all the other times, we had a great time. Our previous vacations were in Cuba (Varadero and Cayo Coco) and Mexico (Mayan Riviera). We've stayed in every thing from 3 to 5 stars and have had positive experiences with them all.The Melia is a huge property, it is easy to get around with the trains and if you decide to get some exercise, the walk is beautiful.We stayed in Villa 17, it's near the Tropical lobby and an 11 minute stroll to the beach. We usually hitched a ride on the train from the beach at the end of the day, those pina coladas make you lazy. There are two lobbys, so if you are going on an excursion make sure you know which lobby is your pick-up area. The lobby bars are great and quite active in the evenings.The beach is beautiful, there is lots of shade and the swimming is lovely.Amazing how warm the Atlantic can be in January. The pool is beautiful and the swim up bar is lovely. The food is good, better than we've experienced any where else. The Agora on the beach serves seafood on the grill for supper, you can get a decent breakfast and lunch there as well. The Atabales buffet is very good.We ate at one a la carte, the Mexican, it was great.I'm a fussy eater, chicken or fish only. They had boneless/skinless chicken breasts every day, I was impressed.No one in our group experienced travellers tummy, we didn't eat any raw fruit or veggies(including salads) and we think this helped.Use bottled water for drinking and brushing your teeth. The staff is very friendly, from the front desk to the grounds keepers, every one we met was great.Many of them speak very respectable English and other languages.We tipped and we received great service from everyone. We noticed that many people didn't tip which is too bad for the staff, they don't make a lot of money and a few dollars here and there is really appreciated by them.The kids club seemed to cater more to younger kids but our son managed to have some fun there every day. There is an arcade in the Tropical lobby for older kids in the evenings. There weren't many kids using it when our son was there.Overall, we loved this resort and would definitely go there again.The next time we'll stay for two weeks!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Parentswithchild
<Content>Great Hotel Let me start by saying my wife and I read the reviews of this hotel and tried to cancel our reservations after so many negative reviews. They told us we could cancel but we would lose ALL of our money so we aprehensivly went with very low expectations.After spending eight days with my 16 month old son at the royal service part of the hotel I now understand the negative reviews.the hotel is like three hotels in one. Mela caribe mela tropical and roal services.DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL UNLESS YOU STAY IN THE ROAL SERVICE AREA.Check in was less than 10 minutes then you are taken by golf cart to your room.We had the the room upgraded to the biggest room because the one below it didnt have a full kitchen or dining room.It was bigger and more spacous for the baby to play and you didnt feel like you were on top of each other .A bedroom with a door and a plasma TVS.This was very important Because I snore and cant sleep with my wife so I usally sleep on the sofabed but it was very uncomfortable I ordered a small single bed to my room and that was very comfortable. Over all the room was nice and clean but it did smell a litte smokey. the hotel is open and there are a lot of people smoking at the hotel I have a very low tolerance to smoke But overall it was acceptable and may not bother other people The food I thought was great I am very picky when it comes to my food The gabi was my favorite Breakfast a varitey of meats Cheeses Lox to choose from also they made egg omletes to your liking lunch gabi they changed the menu daily Three days a week they served grilled lobster and steak I ate about 12 pounds of lobster for lunch one day and could not eat dinner or breakfast the next day because I was still full. I was never hungry and didnt get sick. I only drank beer or wine no sweet pina coloda drinks. My wife had a few pina coloda drinks one day and had a stomach ache. the gym is good enough to get a decent work out It is located in the mela tropical side of the resort a 10 minute walk from the roal service side. the spa is located here steam room ok sauna very hot the massage was a little below average 75$ for deep tissue (not so deep but it could have been the threapist) Back to the food we had the concerge make reservations for us and didnt have a problem.I will rate them in order Japanese hibache 5 french 4 dominican 4 american grille 3 steak a litte fatty capri 2 over all the best meal was at gabi could have ate there every night but all the food was good with the exception of capri.To sum up my trip if you dontlike to eat lay around all day in the sun walk gamble play golf then this is not the place for you my wife said after 5 days she was ready to go home I my self could have stayed a month service was excelent at the gabi and good every where else.casino was fun shows ok good dancing but they lipsynced Iam very high maintenance on vacation and they met all my expectations and then some I have been to many carabeian locations Aruba St Thomas St Marteen Bahamas cancun This was the best and I would love to return someday But dont forget ROAL SERVICE ONLY  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>orchidchick
<Content>A dream vacation come true! We travelled here with our daughter and stayed from Dec 26-Jan 02,2006. It was magnificent. We will never understand why we've read anything negative about this resort.We are from an Ocean resort area ourselves, so most of our time was spent on the beach. Their were plenty of lounge chairs (and shade), and alot of watersports going on. Alittle walk (either way) would take you to small little flea markets to bargain for souvenirs. Photographers would approach you and take snapshots of you with parrots or a monkey, with no pressure to purchase. You can look at the pictures at the lobby bar nightly. Eduardo was one of the photographers whos personality won us over!! The food was not bad at all, they just do not flavor it with the spices we use in the states. There is so much variety, you will not starve to death. Just be careful not to eat the washed lettuce. We preferred the breakfast buffet up at the Gondola rather thean the beach buffet. Yes, the walk can be alittle far, but we considered it exercise, lets face it...we all can use that after relaxing in the sun all day.Reservations have to be made starting at 7am, the best restaurants in our opinion were, The Capri, Ma Maison, International,  Mexican. If you are used to sushi from the states do not go to the Japanese, all 3 of us were very disappointed, and the hibachi food was just as bad!(most reviews loved this one, yuk)After dinner, we would enjoy the lobby bar, met very nice people, and the waitresses were all so nice!! You can also get tea and coffee there as well!We did venture off the resort one day, took the Outback Safari, this is offered by Apple Vacations. You can look into this at the Apple representative in the blue tropical shirt at the lobby. Believe me when I tell you, this was a great English speaking excursion to learn about the customs of Dominican life. This is from 8am-5pm, you have to look into the details. A word of advise, you may need dramamine. The road trip is very bumpy!!At the end of the trip they take you to a beach that has boogie boarding with a beach that has waves, such fun for all ages!! Overall, the grounds could not be more beautiful if you dreamt it, bring suntan lotion, and insulated drink cups to keep your cold drinks cold at the beach and you will enjoy a very first class vacation at the Melia Caribe Tropical!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort despite it's flaws My husband and I celebrated our anniversary over the Thanksgiving holiday at Melia Caribe Tropical. We were one of several parties at the resort whose vacation to the Cancun area had been rebooked due to Wilma. After the major disappointment of having to rebook and haggling for refunds, we opted for the Royal Service (RS)at Melia. We definitely made the right decision. Upon arrival we were told the resort was at capacity, although the resort was so sprawling I never noticed. The RS rooms were very impressive, with a spacious kitchen/living room area, nice bedroom and balcony that overlooked the grounds, and wonderful jacuzzi in the bathroom. With RS you can order from the pillow menu (although this has to be done each day), set up reservations 2 days in advance for restaurants, and ask your butler to draw a bubble bath to be waiting for you at the end of the day out and about. Also, RS transports you all over the resort directly from the RS lounge or outside your room building which is needed unless you're used to walking a lot!! The RS pool was wonderful, just slightly on the cool side temp. wise, and never crowded. The main pool near the beach is huge, more crowded, but very nice. There were a number of topless sunbathers, which was no big deal and good for a chuckle here and there. The grounds overall were very lush and well maintained. Keep your eye out for the flamingos!The biggest letdown of this resort is their food. While all of the dishes outwardly appeared good, the taste was mediocre at best. There were some good things here and there, such as the salmon served at the grill beside the RS pool, oatmeal  omelettes at El Turey, lunch at La Gondala and sushi ordered via room service. Service in the RS areas was fairly good. Service in the other areas of the resort varied. We met another couple from NY who did not have RS and they seemed to have more trouble with service than we did. There is no pressure to tip, but the staff does appreciate it and they do respond by stepping up the service a notch. We noticed that RS staff tend to speak a bit more English than the other areas of the resort so if you do not speak Spanish, be prepared for a bit of a language barrier.Our two excursions: 1) we took a 2 person mini-speed boat out to dock with a pontoon to snorkel. My husband drove the boat out to the pontoon and I was definitely not prepared for the pelting of sea water I got along the way. My husband loved the snorkeling and I would have enjoyed it more had my life jacket and snorkeling gear fit better.2) Horseback riding at sunset along the coast. I'm not a seasoned rider by any means but I thoroughly enjoyed the ride. I felt bad for the horses which appeared exhausted as they had been ridden all day and we were their last trip out. The views of the beach and ocean were beautiful and the guides were friendly, cutting down coconuts and cutting them up for us to eat midway through the trip.Small details: I was a very painful shade of red upon departure so remember not neglect your sun block applications! We did not go to the casino but were told it was very nice. Bring comfortable shoes/sandals as the resort is massive and some of the roads are cobblestone. Souvenir options were not great but you can set up a trip into downtown Dom Rep for shopping. We had no problems with drinking the water, although we drank bottled water when we could.Long story not so short, our trip was very relaxing and enjoyable and I would recommend Dom Rep and Melia Caribe to others.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>samjj
<Content>A Great Vacation at Melia Caribe Tropical We spent the first week of January 2006 at the Melia Caribe Tropical resort. We were on the Caribe side, in building 3300. When we realized that we were in a bungalow that faced the construction I was very disappointed. One family in our group immediately booked another room, but the rest of our group decided to check the room out first before requesting a room change. It wasn鈥檛 necessary. All that is left of the construction is basically landscaping. The resort looks beautiful, so it wasn鈥檛 an eyesore to look at. We didn鈥檛 really even hear much work going on. There is also lots of landscaping between the bungalows and the new resort, so it鈥檚 not like you are looking out on an ugly mess. THE ROOMWhen we got to our room, I was a bit disappointed in it. The structure itself is very nice 鈥?all marble and in good condition. However, the furniture is in need of re-upholstery. There were paint stains on the chair, ottoman, and bedskirt. The couch looked dirty. We didn鈥檛 have a coffee table like all the other rooms. The curtains hung poorly and dragged on the floor. The bathrooms need updating. Our toilet paper fell off the wall. The shower knob fell off. The sink stopper was stuck closed, and the water from the faucet sprayed all over you if you turned it on too much. The bathroom does have a bidet, which I thought was great. The room was musty smelling, as well. However, when you ran the air conditioning, it went away. I decided to put these shortcomings behind me and get on with enjoying my vacation.The maid service was good. Everyday I did leave a $2 tip. The refrigerator was re-stocked with water and whatever kind of soda you asked for (Pepsi, 7-Up or Sprite). There were fresh flowers and towel-animals everyday. One day my husband asked for flowerpetals to be sprinkled on our bed, and the maid did a lovely job. Very friendly staff.THE RESORTThe resort is beautiful. Period. The buildings, the grounds, the restaurants, lounges, everything. We were on the Caribe side of the resort, which in my opinion is the prettier side. More flowering trees and shrubs and pools of water on this side. I also thought the Caribe lobby/bar area was prettier, and more upscale looking. Check-in was very quick and easy. Although the staff doesn鈥檛 speak much English, they speak enough to understand. We did have one in our group who spoke fluent Spanish, so that was very helpful. The staff were very helpful and always had a smile on their face and each one always said 鈥淗ola鈥? I didn鈥檛 think the resort was too big. I was a little worried from reading reviews. But, hello? Ever been to Vegas????? The train ran about every 15 minutes. The walk wasn鈥檛 too bad. It is a good way to get exercise and to actually see the resort and the beautiful surroundings. I walked the entire resort (both sides) one day. Once you familiarize yourself with the layout of the resort, and learn which paths lead where, you can use shortcuts to get places. The very first day our kids started singing 鈥渇ollow the yellow brick road鈥? The paths are yellow-golden cobblestones (fake cobblestones). Just get on one and follow where it goes. That stuck in my head the whole week. Be careful when walking on them. You can turn an ankle pretty easily. The pool is beautiful. We never had a problem in getting chairs with palapas. There is a pool bar that was very fun. The animation team came around every morning trying to round people up for pool aerobics. No thanks! They also came around with a book of different water sports you could sign up for. The beach was also beautiful. Again, we didn鈥檛 have any problem in getting a palapa. We probably didn鈥檛 get to the pool or beach until 9:00 a.m. Lots of chairs available.My only complaint about the pools is that the one connected to the spa was closed off and drained. This was a quiet, adults-only pool with two cabanas for massages. It was roped off. Very disappointing, especially because it was right next to our bungalow. I never did ask why it was drained.THE FOODHonestly, I did not mind the buffet at all! I鈥檓 pretty easy to please, though. We ate breakfast every morning at one of the buffets, and lunch as well. We ate two dinners there. No complaints. I thought the service in the buffet was very good, as well. Always right there with coffee or refilling your water.American GrilleI liked this restaurant. What I liked even more was the bar/lounge area outside the restaurant. This place is sexy! This became our after-dinner hang out before heading off to the casino or disco. DominicanThis was fairly good as well; however, the menu was very limited. The service was extremely poor, though. Of course it could have something to do with the fact that we were a pretty large group (2 large tables). JapaneseThis was a fun time and the food was pretty good as well. You mainly are there for the 鈥渟how鈥? Our group was split up because only 12 can sit in one area, but that was okay.ChineseThis was my favorite restaurant, and the service was very good.Agora BuffetIn the evening, this beach buffet on the Tropical side has seafood/BBQ buffet. We ate there on our last night. I am not a seafood fan, but everyone else liked it.My only complaint about the food is that there isn鈥檛 room service. Which isn鈥檛 really a complaint about the food at all, I guess!!EXCURSIONSI had decided early on when booking this vacation that I would spend less time on the beach or around the pool and actually see the country I am visiting. I am so glad I did. We spent our first day listening to our tour operator give an overview of the resort, restaurants, and the excursions available, and then booking 4 excursions. 4-wheeling ($55 US):We booked a 4-wheeler adventure through Adventures Extreme. It was about a 45-minute trip from the resort to the place. We were picked up at the resort. This was tons of fun and we spent about 2 hours. We stopped at a place where we climbed down a very steep staircase to a cave with a 25-30 foot deep pool of water. We got to go dive into the pool and spent about 30 minutes cooling off in this wonderous place. The kids really thought this was awesome. It was!!! We then went to Macao beach and went swimming there. We were able to buy a DVD of our trip, because one of the tour guides rode along side us on a motorcycle with a video camera, and taped the whole day. It was $30 for the DVD. Monster truck ($85 US):We booked the Monster Truck excursion. This is a whole-day trip. We were picked up at 8:00 a.m. and arrived back home at 6:00 p.m. It was about a hour drive to the place where we got on the Monster trucks. Be prepared to be squished into the big truck with five people in each row. Crowded. The tour guide was very good. We had a police on the tour with us all day, as well. The ride is very bumpy, so if you have a bad back, you might want to think twice about this excursion. There was all the soda, beer and rum/coke that you could drink. We visited a local family and sampled the coffee they make. We also stopped by a farm and got to sample their fruits and the candy they make. We also tasted sugar cane. We visited a school and met the teacher. The kids were on a winter break, so were not in session when we were there. We also got to see a real cock-fight arena. They put on a show for us, but the cocks were protected and they didn鈥檛 let them fight very much. We got the gist of it though. After that we were served a Dominican meal and had time to swim in the river. On our way home, we paid a visit to a local 鈥渕agic man鈥? For a tip, you could have your picture taken with the voodoo man. While on the trip, the guide told us NOT to throw anything out of the truck to the children along the sides of the road. If we wanted to give gifts or treats to the children, we were to give them to the policeman and he would make sure the kids got them. However, one person on the tour disregarded this advice and threw out a shopping bag of goodies. The kids were on that bag like a pack of ravaged dogs. They were fighting each other and hitting each other and grabbing and screaming for the goodies. It was VERY unnerving and made me cry. The average age of the kids was 8 years old. It has become a real problem with tourists giving the children treats because rather than go to school, they stand along side the road and wait for tourists to come by and throw out treats or money. Very sad. Horseback riding ($52 US):This is the tour that we had been waiting for all our life. It has always been a goal to ride horseback on a beach somewhere. We were picked up at our hotel and it was about a 30-minute drive to the ranch. It was next to the Breezes resort. The horses were scraggly and thin. The guides鈥?horses were very well taken care of, though. There was no fitting of saddles or stirrups, though. They did ask if you had previous riding experience and matched you up with an appropriate horse. After a short trek to the beach, we were allowed to let the horses run. We went quite a way down the beach to a coconut grove. We tied up the horses and had time to swim in the ocean. While we were on the beach, one of the guides had cut down a bunch of coconuts and was cutting them open to allow us to sample the milk and then the meat. Some of our kids hadn鈥檛 tasted a coconut before, and it was fun to watch them. The guides also took your camera and took your picture while riding. That was a nice touch. This tour lasted 2 hours and was probably my favorite.Deep-sea fishing ($108 US):My husband and 5 others booked this excursion. They were picked up at 8:00 a.m. and went out on a 40-foot boat. They were the only party on the boat. There were gone about 4 hours. Unfortunately, only one in the party caught anything. A mahi-mahi. But he said it was a good time.NIGHT LIFEThe casino is attached to the Caribe lobby. The disco is attached to the Tropical lobby. In reality, there is only about a block and a half distance between the two, so it鈥檚 not far to go to either the casino or disco or both in an evening. We enjoyed the live band and dancing in the Tropical lobby each evening. We saw 3 shows. They start at 10 pm. each evening. They were okay. I enjoyed myself. I really appreciate how much time and practice the staff put into performing each night. The costumes were lovely and colorful. I just appreciated that there was something to do besides sit at the bar/lounge all night. There was always a good turnout for the shows. If you get there early enough, you can get the nice wicker chairs with tables. If you get there late, you are stuck sitting in plastic lawn-type chairs in rows.OVER-ALLI would go back. Some in our group didn't care for the all-inclusive format and said that although the resort was beautiful and a VERY good value for the money, they would prefer going someplace where you can go off-resort and eat at different places. The grounds are spectacular. We stopped at some other resorts while coming/going to the airport and on our excursions, and I think the Melia is right up there with the better ones. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this resort to anyone!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NJ_Family_Team
<Content>Melia Club Tropical was OK, not great. The reviews for this hotel were extremely helpful to us. We are a family of 4, 2 adults and 2 children, ages 4 and 2. We visited the week of 1/1/06. Some tips for people visiting here:* The place is HUGE. With our children being so young, we had to wait for the shuttles to haul us around the majority of the time. There were some locations that were very far from our room. Bring very comfortable shoes; you'll need them. We also brought walkie-talkies with us and that made a huge difference, so we could communicate with each other from anywhere on premises. If at all possible, you should upgrade to the Royal Service. It does make a difference. It's their version of the VIP section. Things get much easier (reservations for the restaurants, special requests, check-in and check-out, et al). It's got a separate check-in area, restaurant, pool and beach area with waitered service. Also, the rooms are new and beautiful (although there was no microwave or stove).While we were there, my husband got sick, although none of the rest of us did. No idea what caused it. As far as the restaurants go, we liked the Dominican, Chinese and American ones (great bbq ribs at the American restaurant). I took a bunch of small bills with us and we tipped everyone pretty regularly. This also made a huge difference. The workers make very little and the tips are greatly appreciated. I tipped my maid every day. She cleaned our room the minute the tag was on the door and did an excellent job. For some reason they do all the laundry at set times, and a couple of times we waited for sheets and towels. Once we started tipping, our problem was resolved. When we ordered room service, we asked to make sure the waiter came with change for a tip, the speediest room service ever. The beach waiter saved us lounge chairs and checked often for our drink needs. I highly recommend tipping, since once we began to do it, our experience was significantly enhanced.We thought prices for souvenirs and gifts were higher than they would be in NY, so try to take everything you need. We heard from friends we made that the kids club lacked security and supervision, so we didn't take our kids there. It was also very far from where we were. This is the only drawback to being in the Royal service; it's not extremely convenient and the majority of the areas that host the activities are not nearby. If you want to be closer to the action, you'd prefer the regular areas.Our friends did use the babysitting service and thought it was great. English speaking hotel worker. Our friends did also get sick, not sure what that's about, but pretty common at this hotel. There's a very international feel, people from everywhere visiting. The European contingent is generally topless, so you should be ok with that if you go here. Also, if you are going for New Year's, they have fireworks and a nice beach party. The only drawbacks as I see them are the size (esp if travelling with young children) and the mysterious stomach bugs which caused vicious vomiting and diarrhea, although generally only for 24-48 hours. I would not return here.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Still Great value My wife and I have just returned from a week at the Melia (Jan. 5-13) and after reading all of the mixed reviews prior to booking the Melia, we were very concerned. However, we are pleased to report that all is well at the Melia. This was our second trip there in three years and although there have been changes, we would still rate this all-inclusive very highly. Differences from our last trip there were; a slight decrease in food quality, more motorized vehicle traffic on the walkways and of course a slight degradation of the rooms.Having stated that, the food quality is still very good to excellent, the rooms still quite good and the grounds are beautiful. The service was also very good and we found the staff very friendly.Compared to the numerous other all-inclusive resorts that we have stayed at, we will go back to the Melia.Some tips - Book a room near the beach but not right on it (it will be quiet and not worn). Depending on your tastes, try the Caribbean, Mexican, Japanese and Dominican restaurants - we thought they were very good. If you like golf, the Cocotol course across the street is just fine and there is always one of the nicest beaches you can find just minutes away.Overall, an 8.5 out of 10.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Vacation We were given this holiday in substitution for our vacation in Cancun which had been cancelled just three weeks before departure. I was very unsure about going as Dom Rep. had not ever been on my list of places to visit, however due to the fact that we were going over Christmas/New Year we thought we'd accept the change. I must say the experience was wonderful. Within a day of being there we had forgotton about Cancun.The resort was perfect set in a huge tropical garden we felt we were in Paradise. The beaches were clean with white sand and turquoise seas. The resort itself was very clean, they were always washing the paths with soapy water every morning.The train running around the resort was excellent and always punctual - you rarely waited more than 5-10 mins wherever you were and on New Years Eve extra trains were available.The food in ALL the restaurants was great, especially the al a carte. The only thing is that you have to book the day before for the following day to secure a table although perhaps out of season this wouldn't be so important.The rooms were standard rooms but were more like deluxe in other resorts we have been in. Clean towels and sheets every day.Weather fantastic 80-90s every day - rained for 10 mins one morning and about 20 mins one evening.There are flamingos and peacocks wandering around the resort and to wake up every morning and look out on the balcony and the beautiful foliage and birds was lovely.The reception staff don't speak very good English however, the Guest Services across the hall do and little hiccups we had were dealt with by them.To finish I didn't really want to go on this holiday before we left the UK but now I can't wait to go back another time. The all inclusive was brilliant for us, all the food/drinks/icecreams etc. for myself, my husband and my 14 year old daughter. All the bar/restaurant staff including in buffet restaurants were friendly and helpful. I would recommend this resort to anyone and it is a wonderful place to spend Christmas and New Year.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everyone got sick! The trip started off poorly as we were not given the Royal Suites we booked, and were put in a standard room. This was especially annoying as we had our small daughter with us and had counted on the extra room. In fact, we paid substantially more than we have in the past just to get this and the kidsclub.Regarding children, the KidsClub for toddlers is TERRIBLE. The staff seem disinterested and poorly trained, security is non-existent (gates left open with no supervision, no kid/parent tagging on check-in or out!). Activities include crayons, paints and inappropriate television shows. The junglegym play area is not for kids under 5 unless parent supervised, which given the level of staff supervision is probably a good thing. They take the kids for walks off the daycare site, if your comfortable with that. Needless to say, if your planning to use this service in order to get some RR away from your child, it would be hard to relax knowing where you're leaving them! We couldn't do it.Within the first 4 days, everyone we talked to around the pool and in the restaurants had been sick on AT LEAST one occasion, most numerous times. Unlike other times we've travelled, the sickness was not just the standard stomach troubles, but many had fevers and diffuse joint/body aches in addition to nausea, vomiting, diarhea. As I am a healthcare professional, I took the normal travelling precautions of using probiotic/natural intestinal flora supplements and digestive enzyme supplements daily, which have always worked perfectly in the past to prevent travel sickness. This experience was a first for us and makes us suspicious of the quality of training/procedure in food preparation and facility sanitation. On many occasions I witnessed stagnant/pond water being used to mop walkways and floor areas adjacent to pools, eating areas, jacuzzis, etc. Not a safe practice where I come from! Our mattress smelled extremely well-used, and was firmer than could be comfortable. Our friends and co-travellers also had daily morning back pain from the hardness of the beds, thankfully a morning swim usually took care of it, but a few had to go into town for chiropractic care.If you are sensitive to environmental allergies, beware the air conditioning reeks of molds/mildews and other unpleasant odors (some rooms A/C actually reeked like urine when turned on! Don't ask me how ..)It was nice to have a separate VIP buffet by the private pool area, but the food selection was poor. Even in the main buffet, one had to make sure seafood and other meats were WELL cooked. We eventually found that to help avoid sickness, just avoid anything uncooked (salads, unprocessed fruits) My wife and friends found that the Pina Colada mix must be bad, as even one drink left them with nausea hours later.Having stayed at a different resort in Punta Cana last year, I was aware that English was poorly spoken, but it was VERY poor here. Not something that matters alot until you have health or safety issues, and then you realize just how important it really is.Tipping the staff, especially maid service, is essential if you expect to have your towels and fridge beverages refreshed!Another note on beverages, the strawberry-anything drinks are made with grenadine, and most coctails are terribly sweet (margaritas, coladas, etc.)The beach is nice, with a decent amount of chairs but very few unbrellas or huts. All the kids playing in the sand suffered numerous bug bites that left them looking like small pox victims! Luckily, the bites were not itchy, just unsightly. Make sure your kids have a bathing suit that extends to cover their thighs, as many kids were in pain from the sand rash on their inner thighs. The surf is high in sand sediment and seaweed here, creating alot of playful abrasions!For some strange reason you cannot call collect back to Canada, or use your 800-number calling cards or services. The cost to connect to a Canadian operator was at least $2 per minute, plus other charges, and that was IF they could do it! Thank god for the internet. IF you had a cell phone with Verizon, Virgin, or ATT and maybe others, the service could be converted to their Orange system and seemed to work well, although it was very expensive (around $4 per minute).The golf course called Cocotal could be played for the cost of $35 US per person for the cart rental, if you had your own clubs. The course was nice, quite forgiving, and had fast-true greens which was great. You have 27 holes to use for 18, though most often you started at Hibiscus (9 holes) and proceeded to Bougainvillea (9 holes). Only rarely did we play the last 9 of Benjamina, but that was likely due to our earlier start times of 7:30 to 8:15am. Playing times ranged from 4 1/2 to 6 hours, longer if you teed of later obviously. Take food and drink with you, as there were many days when we only saw the beverage cart once! If you are wondering, there are very few water hazards, and none of the holes were on the ocean.We travelled with Air Transat again this year, and it may be our last. ONCE AGAIN our return flight was rescheduled, and we arrived home 11 HOURS later than originally booked!!! In discussion with other flight passengers, this is not at all unusual for Air Transat. Fine if you don't have a small child who's WAY past their bedtime, and you don't need to work the next day like we do!On the plus side, the weather is great, the water is warm, and it is SUPPOSED to be a relatively short flight (other than AirTransat!) and drive from the airport to hotel. I hope this info is helpful.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful and Relaxing Resort We spent a week at this resort and thought it was amazing. We did not read very good reviews of the Melia Caribe Tropical and other websites so we did not have very high expectations. We had plans to go to another all-inclusive, but it was destroyed by a hurricane, so we had to change our travel plans at the last minute and this was all we could find. I think it was nicer than Palace, Sandals, and Beaches resorts we have been to before, and, comparatively speaking, the food was much better. (This is not to say the food was excellent, but it was good, except the deserts which are much more delicious looking than they actually were.)The grounds of this resort are absolutely beautiful. Very lush and tropical with coconuts everywhere. The rooms are newly remodeled so they are. The restaurants and the rooms are sort of spread out over the resort so there is a little tram (a train) that goes in a circle to take people around, but it's not too far to walk to everything either. There were several families there with kids and teens, and there were plenty of activities for them. (So, the kids were busy and not a nescience.)The shows at night are not so good, but we read that in advance and we brought a few games we could play (Cards, Uno, Left Right Center, etc...) and the casino is not that impressive. We just scheduled later dinners and had cocktails in the lounge, visited, and played games. The bars are open late and there is a snack buffet from 11p-5a.My family was on the trip with us. My grandmother has to travel in a wheelchair (although she can fortunately walk some), and the one big problem with this resort was that it's not very handicap accessible. Some of the wheelchair ramps are steep and the paths are made of stone...very bumpy. And after a few drinks the steep wheelchair ramps are kind of like fun slides, but probably not for nana.The service was good, everyone was very friendly. They're not bending over backwards, but very good none the less. Of course with any all-inclusive, you'll get better service if you leave small tips for the maids, waiters, bartenders, etc鈥hey do not expect it though and many people don't, so don't feel pressured.This is the type of place that people go to relax and not be busy going on excursions every day. There are trips you can go on and things to do, but it's not like a cruise. (Unless you're thinking about the days at sea.) Beautiful beaches and lovely pools. Overall we had a wonderful experience and thoroughly enjoyed this resort. We would definitely go back. (but not with grandma)  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just a great vacation We just returned after spending a week including New Years. We had no problems whatsoever. The people were very friendly and utilizing a few Spanish phrases made them even more so. Check in was completed in about ten minutes. They did try to sell a time share right away but a simple no ended that for the week. The food was good, not great, sort of as expected. There was plenty of it at the buffets. The grounds were absolutely beautiful. Although the resort is large, it was very easy to get around with the train. It was also nice to walk at night. The casino is small but fun. If you look to gamble big time, this is not the place for you. Most tables are $5.00 minimum and many people were playing for their first time.They have a nice sports bar with all the football on over the holidays. The employees in there were great.We tipped a couple of dollars here and there and it's amazing what it would do.All in all, a great week with a spectacular New Years party on the beach!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heytoots1
<Content>Not my cup of tea!...never again Just got back from the Melia PC. Mosquitos in the room were a problem. Requested service for removal twice...nothing done. My kids were bitten all over. I try to be brief but informative.Overall: Would not go back to Melia or PC.Grounds: Outstanding....gorgeous. A very large property. If you have very young ones....you will have a problem. The walk from my room to the beach was about 10 minutes. No problem for me..but my 4 year old preferred the shuttle. So.. you have to wait for the shuttle...then its about a 2 minute ride....going. Coming back from the beach is another matter. A 10 minute walk through a nice property turns into a 30 minute ride through the whole property....a real pain.Beach: Outstanding...nothing more to say about it.Pools: Nice, but not maintained enough for my liking. During my week there, the filters were not working for two days...and they still did not ensure that scimming was done regularly....very puzzling to me.Food: Average...as all the all inclusives are. If you are looking for gourmet meals...you shouldn't be traveling to these kinds of resorts.Entertainment: Terrible. If you have kids, you would like to have something start before 9:00pm. I believe the motive here is to get you bored out of your mind so that you will visit the casino!Bottom Line: If you don't require gambling or golf, why would you go to the D.R.? There are many places to go where the weather and the beaches are just as good...the food as good or better and the entertainment far superior...for the whole family. Choose carefully before you book the D.R.!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Food OnlyNegative!! I travelled to the Dom Rep with my partner and another couple and had a really great holiday! The hotel is very attractive, the rooms, the gardens and the restaurants all look amazing! The beach is also very lovely, seaweed does tend to build up along the shoreline however this is cleared away by the staff regularly.We travelled to the resort in September however was not pre warned that half the resort would be closed due to low occupancy! This did not hinder the resort in a significant way however one pool and a couple of restuarants were closed. Also building work was taking place in the closed half of the complex within the shop, disco and restuarant. The resuarants looked very attractive, our favourites included the French and also the Japanese. The food however caused a problem for two out of the four of us that travelled. Nothing major, however the illness continued throughout the majority of our holiday. Also for any vegetarians out there be prepared for limited variety of food! Of course this should always be expected when travelling to foreign countries such as the Dom Rep, just be prepared to have similar dishes throughout your stay. Overall the holiday was very enjoyable! It was peaceful and relaxing! The beach is its greatest quality!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RLstewie
<Content>Royal Suites Dec 23 to 30th 2005 WE stayed in Royal Suites which were superb. Had our own private pool. Less than 100 people around pool. There are other pools but too many people. Short walk to pool and very relaxing.Food and service were not that great. I am use to cruise food and this is not the same. If you want quick service do not come. It will never happen. You will have to bug the staff. They were friendly. Never was bugged by anyone to buy anything or go on a tour of propery.I would rate my stay a 3.5. If the food was better and service better I would rate it 5 out of five.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jstearns
<Content>Our family Christmas present to each other! We just returned from a very relaxing week at the Melia in Punta Cana - what a delight! We too, were apprehensive about what to expect after reading all of the reviews. We were a family that was supposed to be in Cancun for this week, and through Travelocity found this beautiful resort. We were booked into the Golf Suites, which at the last minute before Christmas would have worked. But, upon our arrival at the Caribe front Desk, we were informed that we were being upgraded to the Royal Service, and were escorted to the VIP check-in area. We traveled with two teenagers for Christmas, and the Royal Service is the unbelievable. Thank you so much to Davis for making our trip great! The lunch around the pool in the royal service area was fantastic every day, the pool was gorgeous. The swim-up bar was a blast - thanks to Miguel, Marino  Jose for making great drinks, and sharing in lots of laughs! However, we did have problems with getting chairs and huts - my husband got up early at 7am to make sure we had a place to relax. I'm sure that this was due to the Christmas week. The Gabi restaurant was great! We also dined at the French restaurant (our favorite - food was excellent), American Grill (just ok), Mexican (VERY good) and the Chinese restaurant (did not like at all). The buffets by the beach were very good - we really enjoyed our breakfasts there. My husband and I often asked each other how people could not find anything they liked to eat.The entertainment at night was good - not great, but fun to watch. The lobby bars were alot of fun. The two most important words I can offer are BUG SPRAY!! Please bring some with you - unless you want to pay $13.50 for a small can of off at the hotel lobby. Also, we did not cash in any of our american money for dominican money. They love our American dollars. Bring extra ones and fives with you, and you should be all set. And, the reviewer below me said it correctly about separate areas: The Caribe, The Tropical, The Royal  The Golf Suites. Be aware, that the Golf Suites are across the street, and require transportation to the Caribe lobby daily - it is not walking distance. We did not know this before we went, and were extremely delighted with the upgrade to the Royal Service - thanks again!!!Christmas at the Melia was beautiful - the living nativity Saturday night was breath-taking. Thank you for making our vacation wonderful.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Trixie02
<Content>Paradise at the Melia Tropical       Bathroom after the maids had decorated  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>islandgirl2
<Content>paradise, amazing, fantastic, Wonderful!! We stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from Dec 20th-28th. (family of 5, our kids are over 18) and we had a FANTASTIC TIME!! i do not understand the negative reviews in the slightest, at all. I wonder if these people who left negative comments went to the same place I went to, but hey some people are just never pleased I suppose. the only negative thing I can say about our whole trip was that we had to leave it all behind and come home to -5 degree weather, and of course back to the normal routine of everything.entertainment: the entertainment here was great. There are those who say that there is nothing to do on this resort, and it is completely on the contrary, there is loads to do. The casino is opened until 3 am and its alot of fun, the have nighttime shows every night at 10 oclock, and they are all very very well done. There is live music in the tropical lobby at 9:30 until passed 11:00, and merengue dancing, there are  welcome parties on the beach every 6 days, live music is on the beach and dancing goes on at those parties. The animation team also organizes nighttime beach parties after the shows about 2 times a week, and theyre great. Speaking of the animation team, they were just great, my youngest daughter,18, became good friends with them and she was so sad to leave them. Rodney, Frances, Moise, Luis, Ruth, and all of the others, thanks for making our trip a memorable one. They work so hard and try everything to make your trip wonderful. They have loads of activites all throughout the say such as water aerobics in the caribe pool, stretching lessons on the beach, dancing lessons, bocce ball, waterpolo, olympic games, soccer, tennis, spanish lessons, bingo, and all the water sports offered.Grounds: the grounds were GORGEOUS. I have never seen anything like this at a resort. they were jaw dropping. There are maintenance workers around all the time just raking, and cleaning making sure everythning is perfect, and it truely is. the pools were great!! the pool bars are great, but not the best ones on the resort, i suggest going to the bar next to the american grill restaurant, they make fabulous drinks and its a really nice place to sit and relax after a long day of sun and sand.Service: the service here was great! the waiters are all so friendly, and genuinely really nice people, they try their best to please you and give you everything you need. Please, be kind to them, keep in mind they have over 2000 guests to serve in one day and it can get a little crazy; just be patient and polite and you'll get the same in return. Food: Food was great, so much variety. Buffets for supper were good but not my favorite, they were great in the morning though. Don't hesitate to make reservations at the a-lacarte restaurants, we ate at one everynight. the only ones we didnt get to were the mexican and the dominican. The american grill was great, really good steak. Another 2 favorites had to be the japanese and the french ( ma maison). Keep in mind it is extremely difficult to get a reservation for the Hokkaido ( Japanese ) as its very small, and you have a personal chef. If you want a reservation there before they are all gone, the only way to do it is to get up early and call to make a reservation, its worth it.All in all this was a GREAT week in punta cana staying at the melia caribe tropical, and we would return in a heart beat, we are all now in vacation depression mode and cant believe we had to leave that all behind. but we will be back!! we were there for christmas, and they really went all out, it was fantastic. Please fellow travelers, dont listen to the bad reviews, seems like they werent staying at the same resort. If you are extremely picky, then i dont think anything can please those type of people, but if you're going on vacation to look for a great time, and a beautiful location then dont think twice, Melia Caribe Tropical is PARADISE!!!!! hope this was of some help! safe and happy travels everyone  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So Much For Paradise Just returned home (thank goodness!) from one week at Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana D.R. From the minute you arrive - until the moment you leave - you will be bombarded with commission sales reps trying to sell you time shares to Melia Resorts (about $20,000.00!). They hound you at the beach, the pool, throughout the resort and at all entrances to restaurants - for the entire week! Do not waste one minute of your vacation feeling pressured to attend these meetings. This does not occur at the Barcelo resorts next door! As this is a large resort (over 1,000 rooms) - food is barely edible - service is non existent - and worst of all - they have poorly maintained scooters and vehicles spewing out smoke and toxic pollution throughout the resort. You cannot even take a leisurely walk on the grounds without the smell of exhaust fumes everywhere. We were told that many people had items stolen. My husband had his shoes stolen on the first day. To add to all of this - there is basically nothing to do near the resort. No towns nearby. (The nearest(Higuey) is one hours drive away! No culture. No music. No entertainment. On a positive note though, the landscaping at the resort is spectacular - though hard to appreciate given all the negatives. So much for paradise! I've seen all I have to in D.R. Been there. Done that. Didn't bother with the t-shirt! I should have listened to my intuition and gone back to Mexico to the Mayan Riviera! Lesson learned!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected!!! After reading all of the negative responses we were very concerned about our trip to the Melia Caribe.This was our third visit to this property and we were concerned that the quality and service had deteriorated over the past two years. Basically we were not disappointed and would visit this resort again.The staff at the reception desk are really not service oriented and that's a shame because so many of the actual staff are trying so hard to please all of the guests.We recognised only a couple familiar faces and that's too bad because they were actually the least friendly or service oriented. The new staff were the best.The quality of the food in the a la carte restaurants has downgraded considerably, but then I always felt that the cuisine in the past didn't match the clientele. The reservation requirements for dinners is a major pain, we never got into the Japanese restaurant.Unfortunately by adding the Royal Service with it's conciege making reservations the rest of the regular guests feel as though they have to fight for everything they get.I do remind myself that this is a Dominican Republic resort but then again they are owned by an international chain, that know the tourist business inside out.............Tipping your way through the service problems in this hotel doesn't always work. We tipped our cleaning person $5.00 the first day and the next day when we came back from the pool at 6:00 o'clock our room hadn't even been cleaned. This wouldn't usually be such a big deal but when you're forced to eat when a reservation is available, 6:45 you do feel rather stressed. Unfortunately trying to resolve problems like this with this hotel can be a real struggle.After much arguing, lying and frustrations, our room was cleaned and supposedly a surprise was to be in our room the next day..........that didn't happen but the people in the next room to ours did receive a bottle of liquor and some candles, (their room had been cleaned).But again this is the Dominican and for what you pay it sure beats the cold winter weather of Canada. Keep your expectations low and you will enjoy this resort.We travel the world and NO country or resort or hotel or restaurant is without it's own set of problems.There are a lot of great things about this resort.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>barbhal
<Content>Great Vacation Just returned from this wonderful hotel. As everyone else, I was a bit apprehensive after reading the many other reviews. We stayed in the Royal Service section and were amazed at the rooms! My daughter had her own suite and we were next door. Yes there were small problems but nothing to ruin our vacation. One problem I see with this hotel is that the services included are not explained properly. For instance, when we were let off the bus from the airport, we were led to the check-in desk at the Caribe. I knew from reading the reviews that the Royal Service had a seperate check-in area, but when I asked no one answered. So my husband waited in line until I found someone who knew where to take us. Not horrible but certainly an inconvenience. Once at the Royal Service check-in was as nice as could be. Greeted with Mimosas and cool nicely scented towels. We were given 2 handbooks of the services, restaurants, and map of the resort, at check-in but both were in Spanish. We were obviously Americans. Next morning I asked for books in English and was promptly given one. Again, no big deal. Certain things in the booklet were false. They do not reserve the huts around the pool (the palapas(?))but we never incountered a problem getting a hut, lounge chair or umbrella. There seemed to be enough for everyone. Some people did go down and put towels on chairs to reserve a spot. But there were always others available every hour of the day.And we never figured out what the butlers actually did. We were never given a pillow menu either. And it was never explained to us that you were given new pillows each night. When we first arrived at our room and saw only 4 pillows between the 2 bedrooms, we called the conceirge and requested extra pillows, as we do in every hotel we go to. Also asking if they had any down pillows. At 10 pm the 3 extra pillows arrived. The next day we laid at the pool all day and when we returned to the room, we discovered the pillows were missing. Again a call to the conceirge and at 10pm pillows arrived again. This happened 1 more night until my husband went to complain. He was told the pillows are taken daily so other guests may enjoy our pillows! This is not acceptable to me, so he told them to leave the pillows in our room and buy some more for other guests. After that we started hiding the pillows so they wouldn't take them. Later after talking to other guests, I found no one was too sure why they took pillows every day, only to return them at 10 each night. I also found out that there really is a pillow menu You get to choose from 3 or 4 types of scented pillows, feather pillows, baby pillows and temperpedic pillows. but as I said none was ever offered to us. I think you need to ask the conceirge.This was our first time back to the Dominican Republic in 10 years. We travel extensively all over the world and Carribean. I was apprehensive about the food because 10 years ago it was ineadible. Which is why we haven't been back. But because I booked late, we were limited to places that were available and reasonably priced. DR fit the bill and our travel agent reccommended the Melia. We were very pleased that the food has improved 100%. The food at the Royal Service grill was great. We ate lunch there every day. We ate at the Royal Service restaurant 2X and were offered grilled lobster each time. Also delicious. I also had the seafood risotto which was very tasty. The other nights we ate at the Japanesse restaurant.. a favorite, the international ala carte.. also good, La Maison..delicious. The American Grill..just ok. and the Italian... the worst of the bunch. But even at the Italian we didn't go hungry. Having been to other large resorts, this one was not that bad. After spending one day at the beach, laying in a hammock, we spent most of our time at the Royal Service pool. You could sit on a chair in the water and read your book, or sit on a chair in the water under a hut and read your book, swim up to the bar and order drinks, and eat delicious food all within a few steps. We saw no reason to leave. One day I did make it over to the Caribe pool to join in the water aerobics. We also saw volleyball games on the beach and other activities taking place, but you needed to move out of a lounge chair to partake and we were too comfortable.We walked everywhere, only taking the golf cart once. By the time you wait for transportation, you could have been there already. I found nothing horribly far, but being a NYer I'm used to walking. The golf cart came by every 10 minutes.We never made the shows. Every night after a 7:30 dinner we would go to the casino. We had a new family activity.. roulette. By 10 we would be back in our room, watch some TV and go to sleep. Sitting in the sun is exhausting work. And we tend to get up early.We took two tours offerd by Prieto tours, one was the Gator ride (this was pointless), a visit to Altos de Chevron, and snorkling off Catalina Island. The village was very interesting, and I'm glad I saw it. The snorkeling and beach were amazing and the Gator ride could have been skipped.We also did the snorkeling with the sharks and stingrays. A half day trip which was also great.We would go back in a minute. Even with the problems. We've been to the 4 Seasons Hotels and also had problems. The Melia was pretty close to perfect.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place but we got sick The resort was what we had expected, with the exception of the size. Never did we expect to see such a large resort, which in the begining was very frustrating. We checked in with some difficulty because of the language barrior. Our desk clerk spoke some english, but I feel he did not know enough. My spanish is limited.We were the first to arrive in our group,a group of 16, so we wanted to make their arrival and check in much easier, plus we all wanted to be in the same general area. This seemed to be a big confussing mess. But in the end, we all were in the same general area. I think a better map of the units would have illimnated some of the confusion, and had they explained that there were 12 units in each building, it would have saved us some aggrivation.After check in, we wanted to look around. WE were confused by how to get to our rooms. So while it was daylight, we headed in the direction we were pointed to. Found the train, got off at stop two, and then asked alot of people that spoke english, how to get to our rooms. Newleyweds were showing other guests how to get to thier rooms, and we joined in. They did a great job. We waited in the lobby for 4 more of our party to arrive, and when they were one hour late, we went to the travel desk. There we were told that my daughter and family did not get on the flight out of Florida and that we should go to our rooms and call home. It took 10 minutes to get back to the room, and all the time bad thoughts of what may have happened went through our minds. Upon arriving at our room, there was a phone message waiting for us. It was our daughter telling us that they were at the pool bar. We left a message and raced to the pool, after being given directions by another guest. We arrived at the pool, and they were not there.. So frustrated, we decided to get supper, and go to our rooms. Finally we made contact with our daughter. Turns out that there are two check in desks. How simple it would have been for the travel agent clerk to say, lets see if they checked in at the other desk. We had no idea.All in all the resort was great. Liked the foods and variety of resturants, but it was almost impossible to ger reservations for a group of 16 at any resturant. We were not pleased with this.And the only other thing we are very displease with was that at the time, 12 out of 16 of us came down with stomach cramps, diareah, and vomiting in one way or the other. We felt that we all ate something at breakfast that morning and one by one got sick. We had a four wheeler trip planned, and 3 of them lost their money because they could not make the trip. Again there was confusion and there was no refund. By the time we all arrived at home, all 16 of us had the stomach problems, and they lasted at least another week at home. We had two children with us ages 3 and 5, and these two also were sick.One other thing sticks in my mind. We went to the beach daily. And you had to watch where you sat, because of the toppless baithers. We had the two children and were perticular where we sat, but some days it was impossible not to be in a topless area. I think there should be an area set up for that. I know us Americans have a hang up with nudity, but I personally don't feel that it belongs on the beach around children. I don't think I would return to this resort to soon. Perhaps in 5 or more years. I would hope that the language barrior would improve, but the illness from the food would always stay in my mind.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Worry - Its was a great vacation We spent the week before Christmas at the Melia Caribe. We are a family with 5 kids plus our parents. We had a wonderful stay at the resort. Everyone had activities to participate in. They have a kids club, teen club, beach volleyball, beach olympic games, dance lessons, stretching classes, great golf, water aerobics, rock climbing wall, nightly shows, casino... how can anyone say there was nothing to do? Plus they have catamarans, paddle boats and kyaks included in the fee. The grounds of the resort are plush, very tropical and exceptionally well maintained. The beach is gorgeous. You do have to get to the beach early to get a tiki hut. The resort is huge and they have a trolley that circles the resort. It can take up to 20 minutes to get to your destination, sometimes its quicker to just walk depending on where your room is. There are 2 spas - the fitness center is just ok. They have a steam room, sauna and jacuzzi in both spas. The food is above average for an all inclusive resort-you do have to be careful about drinking the water but we always drank the bottled water, never drink the tap water. No one in our group had any major problems with eating food. A few did have alittle upset stomach but I think it was just the change in the diet rather than the food quality. We liked the Dominican Restuarant the best. The resort has a lot of Europeans and Spanish people so there was a language barrier. It really helps if you know Spanish.We requested a non smoking room but did not get one. The room smelled like cigars - the other rooms had a musty smoke odor too. For some reason the rooms were very damp even though the AC was on. The mattresses were not that comfortable but we were rarely in the room so this wasnt a big concern. We asked for extra pillows and towels several times and they never responded, but the hotel was completely full so we just felt they might have been overwhelmed with requests. Also the staff will reply yes to things but they really dont understand what you are asking for - we do not speak Spanish so it was sometimes difficult to communicate.The drinks are plentiful but we thought the alcohol was weak. Check in was a bit of a problem - I thought the girl who helped us was not very welcoming. We almost cancelled our reservations because of some of the reviews we read on trip advisor about the resort but it would have been a big mistake. Aside from the minor negative comments above, We had a really relaxing and enjoyable vacation! You can not bet the price and the amenities you receive with this all inclusive package.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>skibum77
<Content>Truely Royal Service Good Morning,Please allow me to qualify my comments.I traveled with my wife and 14 years old daughter. We are from Philadelphia and have traveled to multitude of Caribbean resorts over the last 30 years (#5 in Punta Cana); and I am a member of the Chaine des Rottiseurs (gastronomic organization).The VIP treatment will ensure a relaxing and pleasurable experience. We had spotless new accommodations, effortless communications (we do not speak Spanish), efficient transportation,and accommodating dinner reservations. Additionally, the VIP pool and Gabi restaurant were first class, and steps from our room.Our friends without the royal treatment had older accommodations, frustrating slow service, mass transit, and a difficult time making timely dinner reservations at the a la carte restaurants. However, the price of their vacation was seductive. The cliental at the resort are a wonderful amalgamation a nationalities. Recommended (a la carte) Restaurants:Le Gourmet-international; the Japanese; a Maison-French; and the Gabi restaurant (VIP only)Our accolades of the beach, the grounds, and the friendly personnel mirror the other reviews.In conclusion, we would recommend this resort only with the royal treatment.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at a great place Can't understand the negative reviews 鈥?some people just can't be satisfied.I spent the week leading up to Christmas weekend at this resort and had an incredible time; the only downside was leaving.Beautiful grounds; friendly service at all levels (maybe not always the fastest around but you're supposed to be on vacation time anyway); a long list of amenities; the perfect place to relax and recharge. A couple of 鈥渋ffy鈥?items on some of the buffets 鈥?it helps if you don鈥檛 come expecting a 5-star American restaurant: overall the food was good and plenty of it.I had upgraded to the Royal Services Suite and the suite was impressive, as were the extras included with the service, including private check in/out. I had never been served drinks while checking into a resort before 鈥?it was a good omen.This place gets a full, hearty recommendation. Go and enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay At Melia Caribe Like many reading reviews before going to this particular resort, I as a little on edge about what to expect when arriving at the Melia Caribe. Quick Advice on any review: Read it objectively, use it as knowledge to make your vacation what you want it to be, not as a pre-conceived positive or negative notion. The higher expectation you create, the more dissappointed you may be. In a nutshell, DR and this resort is and amazing place with amazing people, and generally an amazing value for the dollar.I have been to many resorts through out the carribean claiming to be 5 star, this one is somewhere between 4 and 5 depending on what really makes a 5 star for you. Remember, each country you visit generally does things a little differently, so trying to compare what you get in Mexico vs. what you get in Punta Cana or anywhere else is silly, as each place has great things to offer in different ways.Quick Facts of our Visit:Duration: 13 nightsTour Operator: Air TransatBooked Through: SelloffvacationsFlight Time: 7hrsDeparture City: Calgary, Alberta, CanadaRoom Number : 1601 (Tropical side)Special Package/Inclusions: None (no royal service/ no vacation club)Price Paid per person: $1860.00pp CAD + 300 pp Air Transat Club Class Upgrade for Flight OnlyWeather: Daytime average between 27-34 degrees, 2 'rainy' days in 13. Rest were mainly sunny.Summary:Flight/Air Transat:No problems with Air Transat service with the upgrade to Club Class. For 300.00pp, this was a great investment, as you has special check-in in both Calgary and Punta Cana (no line ups). Basically a very good first class service with all the perks including drinks, selection of menu items, plush and roomy seating at front of plane, and priority bagage service (baggage actually beat us to the carousel in Calgary).Arrival in Punta Cana:The only real problem we had on this trip. Check your baggage as it comes off the carousel in Punta Cana. A few people including ourselves had our locks cut and baggage gone through somewhere between when the bags got off the plane in Punta Cana and when we picked up the bags from the Carousel in Punta Cana (span of 15 minutes). One pair of sunglasses went missing from our two bags affected. Other people had the same problem with sunglasses being stolen, a popular target. We filed a report at the airport, and are following up with transat to get items replaced. Otherwise, no problems with finding bus and transfer to hotel (30 mins with one stop).Hotel/Check-In/Room:Checked in at Caribe side, beautiful lobby and great service (no language problems, most staff quiet proficient in English, 100 percent better than my Spanish). It seems as though they ran out of conventional building products for this Hotel, so they built most of it out of marble instead. Very classy and well finished, very romantic. We were in our room with luggage within 1/2 hour of getting off the bus (and we stopped for a great Daiquiri at the lobby bar).The resort is large, and beautifully large. I am sure you have read all the reviews about 'how far you have to walk' in this resort to get anywhere. So, here are the facts. From where the beach begins (sand on your feet), to where you check in to the hotel, the walk is 15 minutes. From where the furthest block of rooms begin to where the beach begins is an 11 minute walk. On average, from beach to most rooms, your walk would be around 5 minutes. Many are 1-3 minute walks. I have some opinions about what far is which I will reserve, but any walking you do on this resort comes with views of the most beautifully kept garden/ecological reserve area that you normally would pay good money to tour.Remember, if you don't like to walk, or are limited when walking, this resort also offers a train shuttle (as do most resorts of any size in Punta Cana) or personal shuttles that will take you anywhere needed. BTW, if you see the horse drawn buggy empty, just ask for a ride! It will take you any where!On check-in, ask for a map of the resort before they assign your room. We were aware of some construction on the new Melia Paridise Palma Real being built next to the Caribe (which looks amazing and is almost complete), and also knew we wanted to be near the beach. With this minimal amount of research, we simply (and politely) asked for a room in the area away from construction, and near the beach. Good nature goes a long way with these great Domican people (as you are on holidays, this should be your first nature, right? ;) The great lady at the front desk accomodated us without question, with an excellent room in block 16 (35 steps away from beach sand, 52 steps away from the Tropical Pool, 60 steps away from the Caribe beach grill and bar...I think you get the gist, great location). After we had arrived at the room, we had discovered that this block of rooms is usually set aside for Melia Vacation Club Members, but as it was available, they gave it to us without any membership. Again, don't hesitate to ask for what you would like, there is something to accomodate everyone here. Of the few people that we talked to that were unhappy with their room locations, they did not even ask or think to ask for what they wanted. After asking, they got it. Don't assume you will get your idea of perfect without a little effort on your part. Travel smart, and you will be pleasantly suprised.Service:Across the board, service was excellent by Carribbean standards. Learn a few basic words in Spanish like hello and thank you (respect the culture you are visiting) and you will be served even better with a bigger smile. If you have a special requirement, learn it in Spanish.I won't entertain the idea that Dominican people need to be fluent in every language that may be spoken by the visitors to this resort (yes, unbelievably, there are more than just english speaking people visiting this resort, perhaps more than half from Europe) altough many were versed in a variety of languages. There was never a problem with clean tables ready at breakfast/lunch buffets, always availibility at restaurants, very clean rooms, etc etc. Al-a-carte service was better than quite a few 5 star North American restaraunts I have experienced.Beach/Pools/Kids Programs/EntertainmentBeach/water is excellent, some twigs in the water on certain days depending on currents/wind which is what would stop this beach from being top 5 in the world. These are quickly raked away by an army of green clothed gardeners. I would challenge anyone to try to walk the length of Bavaro beach and find an impedence(we visited some friends at Riu Bambu, a 2 hr walk with no end of white sand in site).Pools were amazing (2 huge and deep 'lounging' pools, 2 athletic 'lap' pools, 1 retreat style pool by the spa, a bunch of shallow kids pools in various places, the amazing Royal Service Pool (which I being a beach lover would have a hard time leaving if we were allowed access), and a great set of Hot (really hot)tubs in the serene Caribe spa. The only thing some may find is that the poolside loungers are too hot through the day, as they are well sheltered from the wind, so after 11:00 am you may need a cool down at the beach (30 seconds from the Tropical/Caribe pools).The 'Flinstones' programs the Melia resorts are now offering are great (from what we heard). You sign in your kids to the great Animacion staff and forget about it. Love them, but leave them! From what we did see, the kids seemed to have a great time, and were also removed from the adult side of the resort (did not see them). Hard to make everyone happy, but I think parents would be in heaven here.The 10:00 shows get my lowest star rating, maybe a 3 on averge but with the odd suprise once a week. All in all, the standard day activities were up to par with other 5 star resorts, water sports were great, but nightime shows were lacking. However, some nice saxaphone and the odd 2-3 piece band scattered through out the resort were nice. Even a excellent Dominican version of 'Stomp' roamed around a few times a week. Keeps it interesting.If you want to get married anywhere on a beach, do it here. The huge stone Gazebo island with painted ceilings surrounded by water and flamigos is an amazing setting by any standard for the service. Pictures would be amazing in the expansive lush and expansive gardens. A reception at one of the beach restaraunts in the evening is beautiful, and the resort pulls out all the stops from linen covered chairs to full wooden dance floor and DJ service (we did see al this first hand, quite stunning). Food/Drinks:Very good variety of offerings, very good flavor in the food, buffets well kept well turned over, no line-ups. Al-a-carte restaurants were very good at the attempted themes. My personal theory is when in Rome, eat as the Romans do... Here, the seafood should be rated as though it is the local fare. It is amazing indeed, which is why 'The Capri' restaurant gets my top bill (have the seafood plate on your first visit, amazing). For some reason though the beef here is excellent as well (not the normal flavorless Caribbean beef) and being in Alberta our standard here is quite high. The American Grill gets my second vote. The French, Italian, and Mexican get the remaining top five picks in that order. Letting the cat out of the bag, I would say the best kept food secret of the resort is the nightly Lobster BBQ/buffet at the Angora beach grill (no one seemed to know this existed). Amazing moonlight beach views with crashing waves as your symphony top off this experience (and of course, it is all you can eat lobster). If your stomach would allow it, you could eat your vacations dollar value in lobster alone.Great drinks, really good international selection. Only complaint was I ordered a Mudslide once that thawed out a little faster than I would have liked. The next one was perfect (I just asked for more ice!)Bugs/Pests/Problems:First rule to any traveller in any hot Climate, do not bring food to your room. Keep any sweet drinks/food/snacks out of the room, and you won't have a problem. The rooms we did see were all the same, excellent standard of cleanliness. We had some ants outside the room, and did not want them to think about getting in for any reason. One call in the morning and by afternoon not an ant in site. The odd spider, centipede may make its way in the room, if you can't take care of it yourself make a call and it is done. The guest services at this hotel is exceptional, truely 5 star. Anything you are missing or don't have, they will get for you.All in all, just go. The people we ran in to that will probably write a bad review came with the wrong mindset to begin with, or with generally unreasonable expectations. I really like to know why people have problems, so I ask them until they really come clean. Problems do happen, anyhwere, at any resort. More problems happen at big resorts based on law of average, don't let it scare you.The few unhappy people we met tended to be negative right off the top, before we even knew their names. They also did not ask for their problem to be fixed. So be reasonable, be polite, and anywhere you go will be a great experience. This resort has a higher than average percentage of staff specifically dedicated to making you happy, it is their job. If you have a problem at this resort, make your first call to 6218, the guest services line. They have the staff trained in many languages, and will help you immediately.One word on Royal service. The rooms and pool are amazing, rivals any Hilton I have seen. Only drawback is the proximity to the beach, and to the beach/bars/grills. If you want a 'retreat' style holiday where you don't have to move much from the pool, this area is excellent. If you like being at the beach, or in the midst of more people and activity, do not book the Royal Service as it is removed from the rest of the resort.Enjoy your trip!Curtis from Calgary  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort and wonderful time This hotel was excellent and the vacation was great. I have read a lot of the reviews on this hotel and I have to admit that I was a bit concerned prior to going, but I took the chance and went anyway. I'm sure glad that I did.The first thing that I would like to say is that there are feedback items on two things: Dominincan Republic/Caribbean in general, and the hotel specifically. In reading a lot of the reviews, it looks like people got those things confused.For instance, weird food. Think about it. You're in the Dominican Republic. Their idea of pizza is not Pizza Hut or Dominos. Their pancakes are different than the pancakes we are used to. I think if you keep in mind that you are in a foreign country, your expectations will be managed much better, and you won't be disappointed.Other things to clarify that are Dominican Republic issues, rather than those of the resort. If you are a beer drinker, you get the local beer. No Budweiser or Miller to be found. Even the soft drinks, to those with particularly sensitive taste buds, might taste different. Living in Atlanta though, I know a lot about Coke. Coke makes their product a little different depending on the country. So that's not something that we can blame on the hotel. Other issues that you will have at any resort is the water. None of the water from the tap (including the shower) is filtered. Therefore, if you have a tendency to swallow water when you brush your teeth or when you shower, you have to be particularly careful. Also, in the DR, it is HOT HOT HOT. If you don't like heat and humidity, then you may want to go somewhere else. At 9:00 in the morning you can feel the sun penetrating your skin. I love the heat so this wasn't a problem but if you're not a fan of the heat, don't go.Now, on to specifics of the hotel..The Good:The hotel grounds were absolutely beautiful, it was definitely paradise. The pools were huge and beautiful (such as having islands in the middle of the pool with trees in it), and the beaches were beautiful as well. There are umbrellas on the beaches and at the pool so if you aren't a fan of roasting in the sun, you should be able to find an umbrella if you get out early enough. The grounds are huge though, so if you're not in good shape, you may not want to stay at this hotel. I walked everywhere and it helped to be in good shape.The food, while getting a lot of complaints, was just fine. Yes, there were some things that were weird. So you just don't have to eat those. But the buffets had so much food that there was always something to eat. It really does help to like a lot of different foods because then it will be easier to find something that you like. Some examples are: fish, turkey, beef, cold cuts, pasta, bread. They do like to serve a lot of pork, but even if you're not a big pork fan, you should be able to find the other things. As far as the a la carte restaurants, I wasn't overly impressed, and quite frankly, I preferred the buffets. I didn't go to the Japanese restaurant though because I was afraid it would get too hot in there (the air conditioning wasn't always that great), and since I only went with a friend of mine, I didn't want to get stuck at a table with a bunch of people I didn't know. A lot of the people there at the time I was there talked so loud and incessantly so I didn't want to get stuck with that. I never really ate any of the lettuce though, so if there's a problem with that, I wouldn't know. I did eat plenty of the fruits though and never had an adverse reaction to it.The service was excellent as far as I am concerned. Some helpful hints that have helped me on every trip (I've been to DR 3 times, and Mexico about 5 or 6 times). Even if you don't speak the language, learn a few simple things. Cerveza - beer, mas alcohol - more alcohol, banos - bathrooms. You get the point. Also, smile, ask for things nicely, and find servers/bartenders that you like, and stick with them. Every year I have gone somewhere, I have made friends with some of the wait staff and as a result I have always been treated very well. It does help to tip. If you can get the bartender to like you, they will start making your drink as soon as they see you walk up to the bar. That makes for a much more pleasurable vacation. Being nice even helped me get into first class for free on the way down there. It's too long of a story to get into, but at the end of the day, being especially friendly really does help.The room I stayed in was quite nice. There was even a little sitting area in the room. I was surprised at how spacious it was. With all of the places I have stayed in before, I was surprised at the size of the room. I didn't have a special room, it was one of their standard room. The air conditioner worked just fine, but there were only two of us in the room. Maybe sleeping in separate beds helped, but we each woke up cold each morning. So I imagine that if you have more than 2 in the room or if you share a bed with someone, it may be a lot warmer to you than it was to us.The Not so good or Bad:Check in was a bit chaotic, and it seemed like people didn't know what they were doing. But one of the things one of the bus drivers said was Dominican Republic Time. It was an anecdotal way to say that things go a bit slower there. It is a much more relaxed atmosphere; they are in no hurry, and they don't stress out over things. This is really what I have seen in the Caribbean though, not just this hotel.The hotel room, for whatever reason, had the electricity go off every time we left the room. As soon as we came into the room, it popped back on. Not being able to speak Spanish made it difficult for me to find out whether it was supposed to be that way or not. It was inconvenient because the air conditioner shut off when that happened, and if you plugged in something to charge a battery, it took a while before you could get it charged (the electricity took a while to shut off, so before the shutoff time is when you could charge a battery). It was also a pain resetting the clock each night.The bath tub didn't drain well when we first got there. That was a bit gross, but we got that problem corrected. It still didn't drain like they do here though.They don't supply washcloths. If you use a washcloth when you shower, please bring one or several of them. I am a die-hard washcloth user and the first time I discovered this, it was one of the worst things about my trip. I have since learned and I always take several washcloths whenever I travel outside of the US.I will probably be the only one to say this, but some of their drinks had way too much alcohol. For instance, the long island iced tea had way too much alcohol. Since we were friends with someone at the bar though, they learned to make them exactly as we liked them. Other drinks they made had too much alcohol too (like rum punch).There was no beach bar open at night. This was very much a disappointment because every place I've stayed had a beach bar you could go to at night. So this was a disappointment. Did it ruin my trip? Not at all.There was very little to do outside of relaxing. I really shouldn't call this a bad thing because it really depends on the person. This trip was exactly what I was looking for so I didn't care. They do have daily excursions that you can do, but they cost extra money. It's worth it though to see the country side. You may want to book those early in the trip before you have a chance to have stomach problems if you are susceptible to them.Smoking is everywhere, so if you're a smoker you won't have a problem with that. This is not unique to this hotel of course, every where you go in the DR would allow smoking.So all in all, this is how I would assess the hotel and the DR in general. I hope this helps. I don't consider myself to be too picky. Maybe if you're really picky you may want to consider going to a different country. But for what you pay, when you think about it including airfare (which I think many people forget about because they assess the value of the vacation on the hotel or the food alone), hotel, food, drinks, shuttle to and from the Punta Cana airport, it's really cheap. Do the math. A $1000 trip for 7 nights is $142/night, including all of those things. You can't get a room in Florida for that, let alone the traveling to get there, food, and alcohol.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Home Hotel is certainly not a 5 star rated hotel. Almost no one speaks English, We had bugs and a 7 inch spider in our room which was bad because I was sick in bed from the food, beer or something I ate or drink there. They actually had the gall to try and sell me a timeshare there. The beach area is very nice along with the pools but there is nothing else to do there. No international beers there just there beer Preidente. Which will make you deathly sick. Save your money  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We had such a great week. Good food, good service, beautiful resort. Great place to go, also great for families. I'm really going back soon.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sparkybrampton
<Content>Not for anyone who is looking for a great hotel We stayed at this hotel the week of Dec 3, 2005 to Dec 10, 2005. When we checked in we were put in room 3517, adjacent to a connstruction site. Worker were there until 9:00 p.m. The room was not cleaned properly and there were things either broken or missing from the room. Needless to say we were not happy. When we asked to change room the hotel staff was not very accomodating. The tour rep finally suggested we upgrade at a cost of $100 US per day to the Royal Service, which we did. Room were very nice.The beach was dirty and the chaise lounges old and dirty at the beach. The food was adequate but certainly not great. We are Canadians and they did not have any Canadian Whiskey. Depending on who you talked to on the staff, you might get an honest answer to your question. We experienced some difficulty having the staff understand us. We didn't experience this when we stayed at the Iberostar. I would not return to this property.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adwetravel
<Content>Nice, as expected, not perfect My wife and I just returned from a week at the Melia Caribe. We had a very nice time and hopefully my comments will clear things up given the differing views on this board. First nobody has mentioned that the CDC but they issued a warning about malaria due to some cases reported over the last few years. We took malaria pills but we seemed to be the only people who did. It is transmitted by mosquitoes. There were some mosquitoes, although not a huge amount, we did get bitten a handful of times each.We stayed in the Royal Service it cost us about $2300(for 2) including travel cancellation insurance(non tincluding airfare). The regular rooms run about $400(i believe) per person less. Now given the cost, one should have reasonable expectations since the cost of eating dinner in a fancy restaurant could virtually equal a full day at the hotel. Overall I thought it was a decent value for what you got.The main differences between the royal service and the regular is as follows:Restaurant reservations- We just told the VIP concierge where we wanted and they booked it. For non VIP they had to call a number which never seemed to have availabilities. This seemed weird given the restaurants where all booked yet generally half the tables seemed open. I believe since Cancun is not taking many visitors, there is a bit of an overspill into the DR. The hotel seemed to have some problems handling this. We did not have to eat at any of the buffett dinners which supposedly are not that good. The VIP also has a private restaurant which is ok.Pool- We had a really nice pool with comfy chairs. The regular pools are ok but this pool was very nice even and seemed like it should have been at a four seasons or ritz-carlton. At the pool they had nice grill where they grilled burgers, chicken steaks and fish. This was probably the best meals we had, but more on the food later.Getting around- The resort is enormous, too big in my view but we had golf carts shuttle us between the beach, pool or other parts of the resort we wanted to get too. Regular service got around by some slow moving train type thing that seemed slow. Of course one could walk the grounds but it is a very large property.Room- I know nothing about the regular rooms, but our room was real nice. We had a small suite with a separate kitchen(and stocked fridge), living room and bedroom. It also had a huge tub that they would prepare if you desired. We had no complaints except one day we spilled soda in our beach bag. The next day there were tons of ants in there. We called VIP serive and they somhow cleared it up. The ants did not return.. My advice, don't leave food in your room, we were on the 3rd floor and they got there quick. I assume this is everywhere in the resort given it is located in what would be a jungle.Now some general comments-Beach- Was nice but not great. Water is pretty color and there are no shells but some seaweed. They have plenty of chairs but there is not too much shade there. Access to drinks and bathrooms was easy. It was very windy there. Generally we enjoyed the pool better.Service- Was good but not too many of the workers spoke english well. Yes I hear the complaints that people shoul dunderstand that in a foreign country not eveyone knows english, but in the resort I'd bet that at least 50% perhaps as much as 2/3 of the guests are english speaking and they should staff the resort with some better speakers to help. That said they were all nice regardless of if you tipped or not, although they were all appreactive of tips. Calling home was tough since nobody understood us very well. Your best bet, buy a card at the gift shop and use from your room. We had a prepaid MCI card which would not work as 1-800 numbers could not be called.Food- For those wanting 5 star cuisine do not go here. The food was ok, but not great. For instance there are 3 Japanses restaurants near my house at home, all are better than the one at the Melia. That said it is not a bad retaurant just not as good as what you'd get at home. My biggest letdown was breakfast. They only had Parmlat as their milk and it was warm, nasty stuff!!! I could not eat cereal. They made omellettes, but I hate eggs. I basically ate mediocre pastries every day. Dessets were also bad. They seemed to be the same at every restaurant except the Japanese, which had some good fried ice cream. Dinners and Lunches were ok. If you want fine dining go to Aruba and stay at the Radisson or Hyatt, but that would cost you quite a bit more. The drinks were not watered down, in fact I thought they were strong.Entertainment- They had nightly shows, which were typical cheesy stuff but ok. Was right next to the Casino and the bar though!!While the resort is not a 5 star, we had a vey nice time and whether one chooses royal service or not, I feel you do get your money's worth.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sunquest4me
<Content>I don't know what everyone else is talking about - We had a FABULOUS TIME -       Well kept grounds at the Melia  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unhappy at the Melia Caribe Tropical I just stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical for my honeymoon and would not recommend it unless you can get a really great deal. The resort is beautiful, the rooms nice, landscaping and beach amazing, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is definitely sub-par. There was some sort of towel shortage while we were there and even though we hung our bath towels to dry for reuse, housekeeping kept taking them even though they had no clean towels to replace them with. We were woken up every morning at 9:00 am by housekeeping banging around or guest services calling us for some inane reason. It is recommended that you not leave the resort but there are no activities that don't cost an arm and a leg and the food stinks, but you are stuck with it for the duration of your stay.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please, don't go! We spent 7 days at this resort on the recommendation of friends who loved the Dominican Republic. They must have stayed at a nicer resort than ours. Problems: language barrier was the first thing we noticed. Even fluent-Spanish-speaking travelers have difficulty understanding the dialect (and even the few English-speaking staff members will resort to Spanish if they are sick of dealing with you). When we arrived at our room - which was a LONG walk from the check-in desk - the room smelled funny and was not made up properly. There was an opened bottled water next to the sink, a towel had been used, etc. But it was too far back to check-in and we don't speak Spanish so we figured it wasn't worth dealing with. Bring comfortable shoes  band-aids - the paths around the resort are all really attractive but uneven cobblestones - they look nice but they're hell to walk on. I am not lazy - I work out every day - but the walking was kind of ridiculous. I got blisters, which is what you will need the band-aids for. The food is terrible. We are Americans and we could only think that maybe the food is prepared to cater to Europeans more? Everything looked weird and tasted weird. I had a hard time getting enough to eat the whole time we were there because everything seemed off. The seafood restaurant did not serve lobster, shrimp, etc - they served fish. Grouper and red snapper. The menus at all the restaurants claimed to be italian, mexican, etc. but if you are an American it is not the kind of mexican or italian you are used to. Even the salads were weird - the lettuce looked good  fresh but looked like someone dumped a whole bottle of water over them - the lettuce was always soaking in a puddle of water. Which, after reading other reviews, bothered me because I heard that other guests got sick from the water, either from drinking it or eating food that was washed in it. Everything is called something that makes you think you know what you are getting - but when you taste it, it doesn't taste like what you're used to. Even my hamburger had a burned-grease sort of skin-crust on it. Not appetizing. I never got sick from eating/drinking but my husband did - spent the last 2 days running to the bathroom every 15 minutes. I couldn't wait to get home and go to an American restaurant! I survived on potato chips purchased from the hotel gift shop for about $5 US per bag. Also, you have to make reservations at least 24 hours in advance - but no more than 24 hours in advance. We never got in to the restaurant we wanted, even though we called at 6 in the morning. Too much work when you are on vacation, in my opinion! Not to mention that EVERY restaurant we went to had at least 75% of the seats empty. So when we called and asked for a reservation, they would say the restaurant was full - but really they just didn't have enough staff to service them. All that work just to get there and eat food that wasn't good anyway!There isn't much to do there besides lay by the pool/beach, so if that's all you're into, then you might be able to have a good time. We were on a 7-day trip and by the third day I was asking my husband if he thought we could go home early somehow. I guess if you are going, pack snacks in your suitcase - because when you get there, you'll see what I mean about the food. I would have killed for something normal to eat!Really, I could go on and on about all the things that were wrong, but let me just advise you to go somewhere else. I don't know if this is characteristic of the Dominican Republic or just this resort.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>linda083061
<Content>Food Poisoning My husband and myself part of a group just returned from a week鈥檚 vacation at the Melia Carbie Resort in Punta Cana. The room next to us, (0700 Building) had rats. The couple in the room had to put a towel down under the door to keep the rats out. Our room had cockroaches. We spoke to the manager about, let鈥檚 just say this resort needs new management to deal with their Guest Services. There is a bigger problem here its called Food Poisoning...we all became sick during the week with various forms of intestinal problems! We didn't drink the tap water but think it may have been from eating salads and fruits that were washed in the water there. We met many other English speaking people who were going through the same problems as we were. It put an unfortunate damper on our trip, even causing us to have to leave dinner early on a few nights.I see a lot of positive reviews on the Melia Tropical obviously from people who don鈥檛 travel much and are easily impressed.I get two weeks off a year; one was ruined by this property stay.Good Luck if you go hereLinda, NY  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Labor day weekend at the Melia Caribe Tropical Me and my family stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana, August 31 2005 through September 4, 2005. The resorts are beautiful the first day was a little hectic because we did not know the routine for dining, you need to make reservations to dine at the better resturants on the resort. Lunch for the Buffet was ok but would not recommend dinner at the buffet resturants be sure to make dinner reservations the Japanesse steak house and Chinesse resturants were our favorite dining spots. Overall the trip and stay was great and we would go back.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katherineincanada
<Content>Bigger is Definitely Not Better We were recently booked at Secrets Excellence, Punta Cana and were told less than 24 hours before departure that we had been bumped because Secrets had overbooked. They were putting us at the Melia Caribe and Tropicale Resort for two nights and then transferring us to Secrets. For our trouble, we received a free week at Secrets, which makes us extremely happy!The Melia Tropicale and Caribe is rated as a five star property in the brochure and definitely is not.The beach, is of course beautiful. The location is good, only a half hour from the airport.However, any hotel with over 1,000 rooms and 2,000 employees cannot provide a relaxing or intimate experience.This property is HUGE! The very worst part is that you have to take a train to get from one area of the property to another i.e. the restaurants, bars , pools and beach. We often waited up to a half hour for this silly train.While walking the wide sidewalks, be careful, as motorcycles, vans and trucks regularly drive where guests are walking. What a noisy, pollution -causing and dangerous situation! No one wants traffic on a walkway on their holiday.Then, the food. It is not good. Breakfast was fine, but we experienced two inedible dinners, one at the American Grill, where we were bombarded by loud, invasive music and one at the buffet, where we ate watery, flavourless spaghetti.Needless to say, we were releived to arrive at Secrets Excellence two days later and cannot wait to return for our free week in paradise.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tcorbett66
<Content>Wedding and Vacation of a Lifetime !!! My wife and I, along with 36 family members and freinds from all over the US, were re-directed for our destination wedding originally planned in Cancun, Mexico (October 23-30) to The Melia Caribe Punta Cana the week of October 28-November 4, 2005. It was the best vacation we have ever had. The only gripe that anyone had was the Airport confusion upon arriving in Punta Cana. They will rush you off the plane, take your picture, push you through Customs, then 100 non-English speaking luggage boys will begin grabbing your luggage trying to assist you to your hotel transfer... This will be very confusing, but go with the flow, keep your eyes on your luggage, and they will get you to where you need to be !!The Melia Caribe is one of the most beautiful resorts I have ever seen. Really big, so it will take a day or so to learn your way around. My advice is to get on the train and just ride it all the way through the resort along with your map after you get settled. The staff is very, very friendly, hard working, and eager to please. There can be a slight language barrier if you're not fluent in Spanish, but be patient and the staff and you will be able to comminicate with too much hastle. They do love to be tipped ($US )and you will get even better service. I would suggest bringing $100 in 1-dollar bills/per person for tipping. The food is great... more then you will ever be able to eat. Everyone felt that the Japanese Restaraunt was the best. I'd advise to call and make your reservations at around 9 a.m. for that evening somewhere around 9 p.m. so you allow time for relaxation around the spectacular beach, and the swim up/pool bar. Most of our group stayed in Buildings 31-35, so we were close to the pool/beach, and there is the Torrent Grill (buffet) by the pool for breakfast and lunch. Our room faced the pool, so we were not bothered by the new construction next door, which went on at night anyway. We arrived on a Friday, and our wedding was on Thursday Nov,3 at 3 pm. The scenary was so spectacular that the photos almost look fake. We had the ceremony at the big white gazzebo, then pictures and drinks on the beach, dinner at the French Restaraunt, then a private party with a DJ on the outdoor patio by the beach/pool. Our group set a new record for alcohol consumed in a week, and of course Mama Juana which is the Dominican version of spiced and marinated Rum. ASK FOR IT !! La Gondola (the Italian Restaraunt) becomes the all-night buffet at around midnight for those late night drunks, and the Casino Bar is the best at night because it is relaxing, air conditioned, and has TV's. Hit the lobby bars first though. We had a group of us that were swimming in the ocean and the pool at around 5 am (still around 70 degree water at that time) and security just kept an eye on us and made sure there was no trouble. Mainly ensuring a safe, good time was had I guess.Members of the group played golf, horse back rode, and went on the best excursion there... the Caribean Festival !!! (a party boat with guided snorkeling, entertainment and a bar) The golf course was great, but it's not really free...greens fees are waived but it's still about $100/person for clubs/cart... The kicker was canned beer for the carts...$80/case WOW !!! But it's all worth it, beautiful course, great clubs, and besides you're on vacation !!!! Overall this is one of the best resorts in a fast growing vacation destination. I would suggest it to anyone, especially those planning a destination wedding. Angelica, the wedding coordinator made it the dream wedding that my wife and I had been expecting. All 36 of us had the time of our lives, and we are planning to all go back in January, 2006 !!!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JCHale
<Content>Beautiful grounds, average food My husband and I traveled to the all inclusive resort, Melia Tropical in Punta Cana in November, 2005. The resort grounds are very well kept, staff friendly and helpful, and rooms were adequate. The beach was nice, although there was a fair amount of seaweed. Our biggest complaint would be the food. There are 12 restaurants in the resort and a wide variety of choices - from buffets to a la carte - but the quality of the food was not very good. Our favorite restaurants included the Italian, French, and Japanese. I heard that the American Grill and Chinese were not good, and we did not like the International Le Gourmet restaurant either. The seafood restaurant was Ok - but did not have a wide variety of dishes to choose from - and no shellfish on the menu. I would suggest that you spend some time checking out the menus at each restaurant before making your reservations (which are required for all the seated restaurants.) The buffet restaurants are all that is open for lunch and that food is very average. We both got mildly sick for a few days - as do 4 out of 10 travelers I heard - so take plenty of Pepto and Immodium! For shoppers, here is NOTHING to buy - each store has the same trinkets and local oil paintings. It is not safe to travel outside the resorts on your own, and nothing to do out there anyway as far as eating and shopping goes - so plan to stay within your resort. Since grocery stores and drugstores are not easily accessible - and the gift stores within the resort and very limited and very expensive - take all the toiletries, medicine - and even snacks and drinks that you can with you.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emtanner
<Content>Royal Service at the Melia Caribe Tropical (and Diving)       View from the balcony  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Place- Horrible service The resort was aboslutley beautiful but the service was horrible and took away from the trip. We experienced a broken iron, shower handle, no clean towels for multiple days, noise from construction next door, broken phone that kept ringing, maid took beach towels and didn't replace, horrible smelling pillows- which took 3 calls and 1 trip to the lobby and 18 hours later to replace, two days of dirtly/bloody sheets after room was supposedly cleaned. We spent more time calling to complain about issues multiple times and got no responses. Huge language barrier- there was no one person in the hotel service that could speak english clearly. If they didn't understand your question the answer was automatically NO. The food was not good. There were 4 of us that got sick for multiple days of the trip and then came home to be sick for multiple days again. Most tourist we talked to on the resort were experiencing the same problems. We made the best of our week but we will NEVER go back.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jdfamily
<Content>Great Time had by All we ended up at Melia Caribe through default. We originally planned on the Riveria Maya in Mexico, but 2 weeks before departure, the hurrican hit. I have to say that we got very lucky. The hotel and grounds are beautiful. The beach is gorgeous and the water very warm. There were plenty of chairs and palapas to sit under. The resort is enormous. We traveled with another family. There were children ages 3 through 10. We were advised to get a building near the pool and beach. We stayed in building 4 and our friends in building 5. This was perfect. We walked to the beach and pool and there was dining for breakfast and lunch nearby. The only time we had to take the train to the restaurants was at dinner. we sometimes had to wait 10 minutes or more for the train and the ride up to the lobby was 10 minutes. We were happy not to have to rely on the train all day.The kids club was a bit disaapointing for my 3 year old. There are no scheduled activiteis for children under the age of 5 . The kids club for the younger children consists of a playrrom (very nice) with a television and a babysitter. The older children had a variety of activities including an excursion to Maiti Park, which they loved.The rooms were adequate and clean. Our refrigerator was stocked daily and we always had plenty of clean towels. we did tip the maid $5 on the fiirst day.The 4 adults got sick from the food. we didn't listen to the warnings and we all ate salad and fruit. The kids were smarter. They had no healthy eating and walked away unscathed. There were plenty of choices and the adults chose wrong.The restaraunts were all very good. The service was great and everyone was so atentive to the children. The only place we ran into bad service was at The American Grill (steakhouse), but the food was very good.The only major problem we had was with check-out. Our plane was not leaving until 9:30 at night. Our friends were able to get a late check-out, but for soem reason we were not. They told us they had a hospitality room for us to use. BE AWARE...it is a large bathroom with one shower. There are only 2 hospitality rooms for the entire resort. Fortunately for us, we were the first in line and housekeeping had just finished cleaning it. By the time we were finished, there were about 10 people waiting to use this room. There was no housekeeping between customers and it iss not a great way to end your vacation. If you can, pay the $10 per hour and check-out late.We had a great, relaxing trip and we would recommend this resort highly.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Semi-Backpacker
<Content>Paradise on Earth       Beach at Night  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monet
<Content>Highly Satisfying, will return I was at the Melia Caribe the first week of November. I went for two reasons; golf and horseback riding, so my review may be limited in it's scope.I opted for Royal Sevrice and am convinced that it was a wise choice. Upon arrival a butler came for our luggage and took us to the private check-in. The rooms were ready and the entire process took about 10 minutes. The suites were amazing. There was a bedroom, terrace, sitting/dining area, bath with Jacuzzi, two plazma TV's and a CD player. It was large, clean and the mini bar was replenished every day.The private restaurant(Gabi) was open for every meal, and at times, there were more servers than guests. The buffet section was impressive because it was enclosed in a separate air-conditioned room. I never saw a fly. Dinner was both buffet and a-la carte. I ate most meals there because other guests who ate at the other restaurants thought that Gabi was the best.The adjacent private pool was large with two whirlpools and plenty of places to sit. There was always someone coming around to offer drinks. The pool also has a snack bar with dogs, burgers, fries, chicken, etc.The butlers were always available for help as well as driving you to different parts of the property. This place is huge and the private taxi service was indeed helpful. The private beach also had a bar with drinks always being offered. The ocean is calmer here than at Secrets.Check-out was as easy as check-in. We decided to take a cab back to the airport for $22 rather that go by bus. That enabled us to stay at the pool for an extra hour or so.The golf was wonderful. You can read my comments in the forum section.As for the horses, my approach is somewhat unorthodox.This was my third trip to Punta Cana, having gone to Secrets twice before. I walked down the beach to the local vendors and said the I was looking for some horses to ride but I wanted to see the horses first. Five minutes later a fellow came to me with two horses to try. I picked my horse and off we went. I rode every day either on the beach, through the little village, through rivers, streams and quarrys. We stopped at local outdoor bars when we were thirsty. I don't think that the local people here see too many tourists. They regarded me more as a curiosity and I was never approached by children looking for money and I never felt in any danger.I can't speak to the nightlife because after golf and horses, there wasen't too much gas left in my tank. The casino was fun and there was no waiting for drinks.Overall, this is a fine resort. The staff tries very hard to please and no reasonable request is refused. As to the language, I feel it is up to me to speak the local language. It was amazing that so many employees spoke English at all considering this really is a third world country. I found that a good attitude and a few basic spanish phrases served me very well.I will be back to this hotel in February for two weeks. Can't wait! Hope this helps.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Speak more English please! Beautiful grounds and the food was quite good, service needs improvement though. Need more staff that speak English, the new Villas are magnificent-we bought one! Would definetely go back! Golf course is beautiful too!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Property My husband and I went to the Melia on November 5th for our 18th wedding anniversary. First let me say that I am a travel agent. I like to visit hotels so I can recommend to my clients and clients always like to hear first hand reviews. My husband and I had read all the reviews and were prepared for all the problems that we read about. I was a bit concerned with what I had read and honestly was not expecting much from the hotel. Let me say that I would recommend this hotel to clients. The hotel is just beautiful. Everywhere that I walked and looked the scenery and the grounds almost took by breath away. As mentioned in other reviews, there really aren't any rooms that look out to the ocean. The hotel is enormous and sprawling and it would be impossible to get a room with an ocean front. You can get around by a small train/bus (kind of like a choo choo train at a kids birthday party). Our room was in the 4000 building and we walked to the beach and it only took about 10 minutes. Once again a beautiful walk amongst all the scenery. The beach was long and white. Each morning there was a crew of men that cleaned up the seaweed, leaving a clear entry to the clear turquoise water. The sand was white and like powder. The ocean floor was not rocky or full of coral. The entire beach was lined with huge palm trees. There was palapas on the beach, but it seemed like each day other guests arrived early and put their towels on the chairs. Never to worrry though, because if you didn't get a palapa location there were more than adequate number of chairs. We had also read that if you tip some of your key employees you would get extra friendly service. My husband did tip the bartender and our room attendant and it did appear to get us better service. But let me say this, we watched other people. Most did not tip and they still got courteous and attentive service. Overall everyone at the hotel was wonderful and friendly. Whereever you walked someone always said OLA and seemed genuinely concerned in making your stay a wonderful experience. Now, let me get to the one truth on this site. The food. It's just very very average. Here's my thought on this. The hotel attracts a huge international crowd and I believe they try to appeal to vast palate. Well, I just don't think it can be done. Well it can be done, but just not well. Many times I didn't even now what some of the food was. I did get ill after the first night, but luckily we had brought some medical supplies with us and I was able to enjoy the rest of my stay. Just keep in mind that the food is not the best thing about this property. The drinks at the bar were plentiful and good, but probably the ice can contribute to stomach problems. Just remember to use the same rules that apply to Mexico about the water, ice, fruits and any vegetables rinsed in water. We really did enjoy ourselves and I would recommend the property to my clients, but would tell them about the food and use caution. GO, enjoy and relax!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Place Been back 1 wk from the Melia Caribe and missing the glorious sunshine alreadyThe place is lovely and the staff are very friendly. Was a bit worried prior to going after reading some reports but rest assured there is nothing to worry about.Check in was easy and quick the only downside was once we got to our room was a bit disapointed as although the resort itself is definately a 5* resort we would only give the rooms a 3*. a bit worn in is how i would describe them.Staff were prompt at any request we had. When we arrived we have a 3yr old and there was no where for her to sleep. As soon as this was mentioned a bed was delivered within the hour.We also had a minor problem with ants around the front door of our room and again as soon as this was reported it was dealt with within 10mins.We were in block 35 on the Caribe side which is an ideal location for the pool and beach but opposite a building site of which was rather noisy during the day.Decided to treat ourselves on the 2nd week and upgraded to the Royal Service Villas. This part of the whole resort is fantastic. It is what 5* is all about. Rooms are gorgeous and the service is second to none. Not one complaint about this side of the complex. You have priority in booking the restaurants as well and late check out at no extra charge.The whole ambience on this part of the complex is so relaxed and that chilled out feeling away from the hustle and bustle of everything.If you get chance upgrade when you get there or even ask to view that side of the complex because as soon as you see it you will want to stay there. at a cost of 50 us dollars per person per night it,s well worth the money. Theres lots of other extras that go with this Royal service but it would take forever to tell you.I would recommend this Hotel to anyone going for a lovely break in paradise as this is about as close as you can get.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DavidandGina
<Content>Loved It My wife and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort. We were there for our 19th wedding anniversary. We had a wonderful time at this resort. We arrived on Friday the 21st of October and stayed until the following Friday. The food was outstanding at all of the places that offered food. The beach area as well as the pool was outstanding. The swim-up pool bar offered a wide variety of drinks and the bar tenders were very willing to try any drink that you could descibe to them. All of the resort staff had the same helpful attitude as the bar tenders, just a great time all the way around.The rooms had every thing that you needed and the mini bar had plenty of bottled water and soda available. The towel replacement in the rooms was lacking just a bit but that was really the only thing that I can think of that wasn't up to par. We used Apple Vacations to book this trip and they had a representitive available everyday except one.He was very helpful as to all the local things to do and what not to do. His recomendation for off site excurssions was the best. I highly recomend the Outback Safari. Very good time and it allows you to get a look at the real way that the Dominican's live and work. I would go back and do everything over again. The beaches are tops optional for the females, which could be an issue if you were not aware. I have no problem with it but some of the people that I heard talking in the lobbby, were a little surprised. I guess they have never seen a semi-nude woman catching a little sun before. The beaches are beautiful with powdery sand and lots of sunshine, plenty of beach chairs and places to get out of the sun if you wish to.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Crutches
<Content>Paradise - Shame about the view! We have just returned from the Dom Rep today so this is a fresh as it gets!After a 9 hour flight and being awake for 19hrs the first thing Punta Carna airport do is take a photo of you and your loved ones looking you worst (and try and charge you $7 U.S when you leave).After dicing with death as we transferred from the quaint palm thatched airport to our hotel (local drivers are crazy!!) we finally arrived at the hotel and from the start the experience was fantastic.The reception area was beautiful marble floor and the welcome from the staff was as warm as the weather!The bell boy drove us to our room and showed us the facilities (waiting for his tip so make sure you have a lot of $1 U.S notes). The room facilities were distinctively average and nothing to rave about bit it could have been worse.The following day I sat on the patio of our ground floor room and saw the view!Be aware that there is another huge hotel being built next door to the Melia and apart from the sea, the only other place you can see it is from the rooms numbered 31+. The complex is massive and there are hundreds of rooms no where near this!Although the local palm trees were strategially positioned in an attempt to obsecure the view, it did not work and you can see the hideous building work and if you are taking a siesta, you will hear them!The hotel grounds are stunning as you go round, there is so much natural greenery and wildlife you really feel awestruck as you move around.Turn a corner and you can find wild flamincos wading in a moat, listen to the songs of the other wild birds and at night the reptiles and usual natural noise makers start up and give the place great ambience.The hotel is very in touch with nature and if you either explore by foot or take the Prada land train you will see and feel this.The beach is gorgeous, they rake up all the sea weed on a daily basisto keep the sand clean and white and the sea was nice and cooling after a solid sun session.We worked our way round the restaurants and I rate those we ate dinner in below:-- American Grill - Average steak, lots of fried food.- Mexican - Nice but may have made us both ill.- Dominican - I thought the food was very dry and salty.- Itallian - Lovely food- Buffet - Massive selection one of the best meals I had!- French - Book early as it's the best restaurant! The food was gorgeous, the service fantastic and I could not fault it. A must do on your eating itinery!Breakfast can be eaten in the two beach bars which have stunning views but I did not like the open air serving area and did see flies on some of the food. We preferred to eat in the buffet restaurant which was better.In any breakfast restaurant you can have a glass of Champagne when you enter/leave. What a way to start the day! The selection of food was good but I'd avoid the sausages!I personally thought that a lot of the food was fried and salty which made it hard to digest but we still ate extremely well!Apart from the wildlife, greenery and beach the other aspect of the holiday that made the holiday special was the people!Every where you go the staff always smile and will always say hello. A Groundskeeper, a maid, a barman, security, reception everyone you encounter gives you a warm smile and a genuinely happy 'Hola'When you go to the Dom Rep I reccommend taking both US dollars and a small amount of Dominican Pesos as if you want to buy anything while you are out there use Dom Pesos but spend them all before you leave.I'm sad to be back home and would love to go back to the Melia as long as I'm not near that building site!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChrisT&Paula
<Content>Second visit as good as the first.       Swimming Pool 2  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort...Get the Royal Service!!!!       at the pool bar  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort, bad weather! First off, I had read many reviews of Melia Caribe Tropical here at TripAdvisor, so I was going into the vacation a little bit concerned about all of the problems that people had while at the resort. We landed in Punta Cana on Sunday 10/2 to a hot, humid, sunny day! CHECK IN:Check in was fairly smooth, there were multiple workers at the front desk and they were all extremely friendly and helpful. We were checked in and told that our room was going to be ready at 3:00pm, like every other hotel that I have ever stayed at! I don't understand why people have issues with that.After finding out what room we were in, we walked to the pool, which was absolutely GORGEOUS, got a couple of drinks, changed clothes and relaxed for a couple of hours. At 3:00, we went to the room, the housekeeper was finishing up, so we sat on the balcony. She was extremely pleasant and accomadating.THE FOOD:The buffets for breakfast, lunch and snacks were just fine. The food was quite adequate and neither I or my girlfriend became sick from it.The a la carte restaurants were all quite fun and very tasty. We ate at the Dominican, American Grill, French, Mexican and Japanese (twice) restaurants. They were all quite nice, very enjoyable experiences.THE SERVICE AND STAFF:The service and staff were wonderful. All of them were friendly, accomadating and helpful. Whenever you walked by a staff worker they would greet you with a smile and an hola!.We never had problems with reservations, operator or service calls.THE NIGHTLIFE:Not much to it, they had a show everynight with dancing and music. they were all fine. THey also had a disco and live music in the lobby bar. The nightlife was fine, but then again, I woke up early, so staying out late wasn't too big of a deal.Overall a wonderful time, unfortunately we went during a time when a tropical depression was hovering over Punta Cana. It rained every day and every night. We only had about 5 or 6 hours of sunlight during our stay. However, we were never bored and still had a fabulous time. Please enjoy Melia, we did!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent overall Just returned to England after a long flight.I cannot believe the negatives written about this hotel before i travelled.Hotel was clean,grounds excellent,food was a bit 'HIT AND MISS' la gondola not too clever, Japenese and French were the best.Entertainment quite good to my suprise,beach excellent and staff friendly.The only place to buy essentials was in the hotel shop, very expensive, take loads of sun oil ($24.00 a bottle).Drinks, ask for brands, absolut, ballentine etc. or you get the local dishwater. Beer was good Presidente.On the negative,there is some building work next to the caribe side of the hotel, but not too much disruption.There are only 6 resturaunts open, 5 are being refurbed on the tropical side.Reseption slow, and if you are by the beach you need to take the hotel shuttle train(runs every 15mins.)its a long walk.All in all Well worth a visit.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MattNJ
<Content>We got what we paid for in DR/Melia Caribe Tropical. Let me start by saying, My wife and I had a great time in DR @ the Melia Caribe. This was a much needed holiday for us, and the best way to look at it for us, is that we got what we paid for with the DR and the Melia! That being said, we dont think this is a 5star resort!For those who are going to the Melia/DR, we have this review  advice to offer of the DR  the Melia Caribe Tropical....(THE GOOD:)The hotel is nice and close to the airport, (like most in PC), and is a very large property. The ck in process, was long  hot!, we arrived at about 10am, and diddent get are room or key until 3:30!, (as is the case with everyone), in which time you kind of hang around getting yourself orientated with the grounds etc....BRING A CHANGE OF CLOTHES IN YOUR CARRY ON!, or you will be stuck in/with whatever you got off the plane in, until at least 3:00pm.The grounds at this resort were BEAUTIFUL, and very well manicured, there were palm trees absolutely everywhere, a real sense of paradise! on a scale from 1-5, we give the grounds a 5.After seeing the room, we werent very impressed, they werent bad...but werent 5 star quality either. On a scale from 1-5, i would give the rooms a 3. They had what you needed to be comfortable for a week, no more, no less. We are not big complainers so, we overlooked the small stuff ( 1 roach (no big deal), the power went out everyday(for a few minutes) (no big deal), the TV barley worked (who cares), and the card lock on the door was broken, it would take about 20 swipes of the card to get in one day, then the next it would only take 2-3???(again no big deal, We found this quite amussing especially when comming home drunk and trying to get in lol.....! never uttered a word about any of this to any of the staff.The beach was also beautiful!, we were really concernd with this from the reviews we read b4 hand, but were quite pleased! Not the best beaches in the Caribean by far.....but perfectly nice and acceptable. The water was a pretty blue/green, the sand was powdery white with a pink tint to it, and was truly crushed coral. The water  beach does have a good amount of seaweed on/in it, but who cares? dident bother us at all. It was only on the beach,and in the very surf, not out in deeper water.There was plenty of lounge chairs, popalays(sp), catamarans, windsurfing, snorkel gear, paddle boats etc for everyone to enjoy! and a beautiful view. There was NOT however any wait staff for the beach, so if you want someone to bring you Coco Locos to your lounge, it wont happen unless you get it yourself...., in which case youll bring it back in a cheap 6oz plastic cup (unless you have your own container which I reccomend, we did). Oh and for those who keep inquiring....YES the women DO go topless.We give the beach a solid 3 1/2.(THE NOT SO GOOD:)The staff  Dominican people, (for the most part), were very nice, BUT, you always had the feeling that they wanted something, from you, for it! We tipped often, and did run into a few staff who would put some presure on us.(just some uncomfortable, exagerated --- kissing type attention, after seeing $$$$), no big deal though.... We also DID get the feeliing (like stated by someone here previously), that if you dident tip, you dident recieve the same service! Many a time I walked up to the crowded lobby bar, with a buck in my hand, and seemed to get instant service by the staff, ignoring people who were waiting ahead of me, where I would direct the bar tend. back to those who were waiting, but if i dident flash any green somtimes wouldent even get a look, or somtimes be completley ignored. But they were never rude when speaking to you??? just there actions could be interpreted as rude, (again no big deal, we learned to roll with the punches).(THE BAD) The food IN OUR OPINION, wasent too great at all! let me explain.... the breakfast buffets to us were horrible! we NEVER saw bacon once!, and they only really offered in my opionion, really $cheap$, bland food choices, Unless you waited in (of course) the longest line....the omlette station, which was the only normal food offered at breakfast! The fresh fruit, never seemed too fresh, and there were always flies all over it, their sausage to me, were inetable  most other things were just really really greasy...they did offer a fresh ham ONCE for breakfast that was good, but AGAIN, not really a big deal since we sleept late most days.The lunch buffet was a bit better though, offering AGAIN $CHEAP$ food choices, like, plain old hot dogs and hamburgers (never tried em), Paella (with some or no seafood in it. bacically saffron rice with tomatoes, some scallops maybe, and peas), not bad though, plain roast chicken  plain white rice, (which i loved, but again NOT particulary expensive foods),lunch meats with flies all over em, beans, fillet of fish, (again all non-expensive foods),  their version of pizza (with I THINK swiss chesse on it), cheap foods but they werent THAT bad. Point being that in a five star resort one would expect more expensive foods, for example at most place they would have a carving station with a roasted pig, or whole tuna etc...That being said I liked lunch more than breakfast, but give the AI BUFFETS here a 2!Ok the al la cartes were a lot better than the buffets, so my advice eat at the various resturantes they offer EVERY NITE!, (we never tried the dinner buffets, so i cannot comment on it). Our personal favorite was the Mexican resturante,(exellent),  the Capri, the only seafood your going to see, AND the only place where you will get lobster (as someone else stated), BUT, its only 2 small segments of the tail! (the dish is called the symphonyand was however quite delicious)....close seconds came the French  the Japanese, the worst was the American grill! (where the thought they new what a steak is, and that barbeque sauce (on ribs) isnt just plain tomatoe paste, and that Mozzarlla sticks, arent made with their sour swiss cheese!)(used in all there cheese dishes???). We never cared to try the Domincan A la carte, I guess because we felt we were getting it for breakfast  lunch...... Although we do expect SOME fine dinning experiences in a 5 star resort, we never complained and dident let these things ruion our time! These al la cartes here, (just about), give you what your really used to eating, (speaking for ourselves of course,) when you go out to eat here in the US anyway! Not overly impressed for (again) a supposed 5 star dinning experience....when we got into Phili Int. airport, I think we ate 4 slices of pizza, and on the way home devoured a cheese steak!! We gave the AL LA CARTES here a 3 1/2.(THE REALLY BAD) WARNING: There was NOTHING to do at this resort!During the day, YES there were your normal beach activities, volleyball, and the non-motorized act.  the Pool,  the Pool bar. Thats it!, the Casino dosent open until 8pm!!, and the Pool  the Pool Bar BOTH CLOSE AT 7PM!!!!! Once your on the way to dinner (for us @ approx 6:45pm), after dinner your only choice of activities ON this property were, 2!, #1) sit and wait until 8pm for the best Air Conditioning in the resort.....(the Casino  sports bar!), which is nice and cold for a reason! wink wink,..... or #2), watch a show (which I thought werent great at all). THATS IT! NO NITE LIFE AT ALL!Its obvious to me WHY they closed the other bars  pool, this is so you had no other choice BUT go to the casino! (hope you like gambling! fortunately we do...) Oh and this is also where the disco , pool tables  TVS are!! (Yankee/Boston games etc)This is where we were disapointed the most!, maybe you could sympothize we us here, because there were NO beach parties, or beach barbecues! going on, dances!, cylpso music!, steel drums!, LIMBO! Just bacially NO sights! sounds!  smells etc that your used to IN THE CARRIBEAN!!!!....when we walked home to buliding #24 (right next to the beach  pool/pool bar, breakfast buffet  bar), at 10pm or so every night, it was dead, dark  desolate!, nothing going on by the beach at nite cept crikets churping! even on FRI  SAT NITE, the bar on the beach was CLOSED!!!Sorry but ACTIVITIES/NITE LIFE gets a -0 here! Hope you like going to bed early.... This is the ONLY vacation we ever took where we actually were READY to come home!, We felt DUE to the not so great food,  bordome, 8 days was way to long to spend at THIS resort! 4 would have been plenty to see and do everything here. IMO (THE WORST)OK not to alarm anyone, but my wife and I did get a bit ILL while there!, so did a lot of others! id say at least 4 out of every 10 people we spoke to, had some form of diarrea during their stay or stomach aches etc....I had it for about 24hrs straight!, very uncomfortable, needed to be near a bathroom every few minutes, BUT AGAIN NOTHING SEVERE, just as the english say deffiantley had the trotts lol, two of our friends we meet while there, went to their room early one nite due to the same problem, and another friend we meet from Boston had it real bad, and had to get CIPRO from the Dom. Doctor (he was vomiting also), also spoke to many others that had it!.....and joked about it on the flight home. We dident drink the water in anyway that we knew of??? Advice BRING PEPTO!  no need for laxatives here LOL!Also even though the al la carte resturantes had AC (not on very high), the rest of the resort areas dident. and it did on occassion get quite sweaty hangin at the lobby bar...(not a big deal though just want to be thorogh in my review here lol), by the way, Yankee fans, the Domincan LOVE Boston,  hate the Yankees! LOLOK, We dont want to end this review on the Melia on a TOTALLY bad note so i will throw in my closing statement that the SPA was wonderful!!, AND the POOL was HUGE and beautiful!!! we both got a great massage together, and enjoyed the DEFFINATE feeling of paradise in this resort by the beautiful beach  georgeous pool,  the hotels beautiful peaceful grounds!!, We enjoyed ourselves  this Island and its People, And we meet alot of new friends!, We feel that the Melia is a nice place for the money but needs improvement with its buffets/food  entertainment! but would only rate the resort overall as a 3*! IF we were to go back to DR, I think I would go to La Romana where I heard good things! I dont think WE would go back to this Hotel again, But for the $ I WOULD reccomend it to others with the advice  causions in this review! and as a 3*.If anyone needs other advice of this resort, or would like to comment on this review please email us...Matt  Amanda  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed feelings               More photos  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LoveLabradors
<Content>20 Year Wedding Anniversary       beautiful landscaping  grounds  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Overall, our time there was great. The grounds are incredible, and the food is good, though desserts were a bit weak. The pool and the ocean were absolutely beautiful. We did go in the off season, so it was not as overwhelming as I heard it could be at the height of attendance. My wife and I would definitely return. The entertainment each night was good, but nothing to write home about. The staff were friendly and polite. Their was a bit of construction, but we barely knew it was there, it was so quiet. Again, in general it's great. I'm not sure what the abysmal reviews are about. We found nothing like that there. Only two negatives and points of advice: 1. The check in was horrendous and really why I couldn't give it all 5 circles. There was a huge line and one person working, and they weren't hurrying. After about 45 minutes, they got the idea to bring out drinks. Our first room was terrible. Moldy smelling with 110% humidity (water dripping from the walls).  ADVICE: invest the time fighting for an upgrade. We did and it was worth it. We got a room right next to the pool with great A/C.  2. Water sports were a lot of fun and very easy to access. However, if you get in trouble (which is very hard to do as the water is every calm due to a reef out farther in the water) the crew doesn't really watch you. My wife actually had to go and assist some french tourists who were trying to get back in their kayak. ADVICE Don't go out alone w/out a reasonable sense of ability in the waterIn general, it was a wonderful vacation and a great resort. the fact that we would go back says alot.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>roseyruby
<Content>The Fire A fire broke out in the resturaunts due to a gas leak . We were all in the lobby bar relaxing our second night in Jan,2005 , there were no smoke alarms or emergency plans . The workres ran out without warning all the guests abandoning us . This was scary , as the fire spread quickly getting bigger catching on to the palm trees, we ran for our lives towards the beach to safety which was about a mile away. Punta cana only has one fire truck on the island so by the time it arrived 30 minutes later 2 resturaunts completely burnt down. The place smelled like barn fire as it smoked for days. Forget reservations only buffet food with lines to Honolulu . If you have any questions about the room with leak , smelling of mildew or the food , feel free to ask . This certainly wasn't my idea of a relaxing vacation , we were lucky to be alive.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Third Consecutive Year Returning From the first year we visited the Melia Caribbe in Punta Cana, we felt we had finally found somewhere we felt certain that when we returned, it would be the same or better. We were first pleased by the professionalism, courtesy and friendliness of the staff. They were always willing to do everything possible to make our stay enjoyable. They even helped my husband and I understand a little Spanish to help feel even more a part of the Dominican Republic. I loved the pride they had with themselves. They were always clean, the hotel was always clean, and the food was always plentiful and very good! The grounds were beautiful and the sleeping rooms were very clean and comfortable. I can not think of anyone that I want to complain about. The reservation desk, the bartendars,the maids, the porters, the cooks, everyone was the best and I'm sorry if I left anyone out. People should always remember that you are traveling to somewhere that is not familiar to you, so therefore, it might take a little while to make yourself understood, or to find something that you really like to eat or do. My husband and I save up every year to take a vacation. When we come to the Melia Carribe, we feel like it is worth our hard work and hard earned money. When someone visits Philadelphia and tell me they are on vacation, I try to be as helpful as possible, because I know they are not familiar with everything like I am. My husband and I are looking forward to our vacation this year at the Melia and hope that we see some of the same people working in the hotel that we saw the last couple of years. My husband and I have made a promise to ourselves that vacation is the place to relax, not to complain. A smile usually gets a smile. A frown always gets a frown. Our thanks to everyone at the Melia! Muchos Gracias! Muchos Gracias!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation !!!! Following our two week vacation at the Melia Caribe Tropical in the Dominican Republic, we would like to share our experience with you. We were 3 adults, 1 child. Occupying two rooms from July 23 to August 6, 2005.1.I arrived with my daughter on July 23 in the afternoon. My wife and sister-in-law arrived I the morning of July 24 at 4 am. Upon my arrival, the front desk clerk confirmed we had two rooms side by side and my wife just had to sign the check- in card to gain access to the room. Unfortunately, when my wife arrived at the hotel her name had be deleted from the computer. She had to explain and argue for 30 minutes before she was given a key to our room. She had provided the voucher showing she had paid the room in advance and that she had a confirmed reservation at the hotel. The clerk at the front desk refused to even look at her passport or acknowledge the voucher.As for my sister-in-law, she was told that they didn鈥檛 have a room for her. Her reservation voucher showed a confirmation for a s single occupancy room. They also refused to look at her passport or even check if there was information left earlier in the day explaining the arrangement I had obtained upon check-in earlier in the day. They said no message had been left, but did not appear to have checked. They then noticed that her name was under my room. She had to wait for 1 陆 hre before she got a room. I also called the reception desk to help clear up the matter, but to no avail. 2.My sister-in-law was shown to a room that was filty and bad melling. The bathroom had not be cleaned very well. The bidet was stained with urine, the sink not too clean either, dust visible everywhere. The room was finally cleaned well during the afternoon of the next day. The location was noisy. Construction would start around 6 am across the road. She was finally given another room at the end of the second day. Unfortunately, the room smelled badly of cigar. It was passibly clean. She asked housekeeping to spray the room for the bad odor and wash the floor.3.The morning my wife arrived, an employee pounded on the door very hard until I answered the door. We had the 鈥渄o not disturb鈥?sign on the doorknob. The employee gave us the reservation voucher my wife handed to the clerk upon her arrival!! The same thing happened to my sister-in-law. Doesn鈥檛 the hotel staff know not to knock at guest rooms when the do not disturb sign is up, unless it is an emergency? Or at least slip the paper under the door? We were also awaken at 11.30 pm the same night by the front desk clerk asking us for the number appearing on the identification bracelets given to us upon check-in. We were all sleeping by then 鈥?both rooms. I have a four year old daughter.4. I paid for the security safe in the room upon my arrival. The safe did not work. The Front desk clerk tried to explain how to activate the safe. It still did not work. I had to explain a number of times that all this did not work. They said they would send someone in 45 minutes. I refused because my daughter was waiting to go to the beach. In the evening, I asked the front desk clerk for help. The same explanation was given. Once back in the room, it still did not work. The next day, I called the front desk, it had been 24 hours since my arrival and the safe was still not activated. I was starting to feel anxious about leaving valuables unlocked. Finally, an employee at the front desk checked the key, it hadn鈥檛 been activated for the safe. I had to go back to the front desk to have it activated.5. At our first family dinner, at the Los Atabales buffet restaurant, we asked the waiter for a spoon for our daughter twice in 15 minutes. None was given to us. My wife decided to go ask some waiters who standing near the buffet. They ignored her, so she took the spoon herself. An employee asked very rudely: 鈥渨hat do you want?鈥?and hit my wife on the shoulder with the top of her hand. The employee鈥檚 name was Julianne.6. The next day, my wife and sister-in-law spent half the day between the front desk and client services explaining what has happened to her the previous evening. My sister-in- law was still awaiting that a new room and that the room she was occupying be at least cleaned properly. After waiting a few hours, they were told to register a complaint in writing in a special log book. They insisted on meeting someone from management. After more waiting, they finally met Mr. Edward Valdez. He listened intently, he did not offer an apology, he mentioned that he would investigate the matter, and talk about all this to the director and get back to us. He asked what he could do in order to make our stay more enjoyable. In the end he suggested he could reserve the 鈥渁 la carte鈥?restaurants for us for the duration of our stay. We asked for a late check-out on August 6. We were leaving the hotel at 1.30 am on August 7. My sister in-law asked for a new room, He said he would have to get back to her. He said he would have her room thoroughly cleaned in the meantime. Mr Valdez never came back to us on what happened to my wife in the restaurant.7. The first restaurant reservation made by Mr Valdez did not register at the 鈥淎merican steak house鈥? We were disappointed and were made to feel that we were lying. Other customers by the way were very irate that evening at the same restaurant. We agued and finally got a table after the supervisor of restaurants called Mr Valdez, but she still tried to send us to another restaurant first. The American steak house: was not full and did not fill up for the rest of the evening.8. We left two pairs of sandals by a deck chair by the pool. When we went to get them, They had disappeared. My wife spent two hours getting directions to the lost and found service. The towel service clerk did not know where she should go. She was told to go to the activities pavilion by the beach. Upon her arrival, an employee asked her if she spoke English, and started to laugh, he then entered the pavilion and looked her straight in the eyes and said something in Spanish in a low voice. She promptly left as she felt scared and did not like his condescending way. She went through the same thing with the towel service clerk, but this time there were some hotel guests present (all men). They started to stare at the floor. One of they guest spoke English and helped my wife. He mentioned she should see the director of activities. She did, and she lodged a written complaint. He was very nice and apologized twice for the situation. He mentioned that he was having problems with some employees. One of the employees arrived and understood what was going on, turned his back to remove his name badge. The director apologized again, took down the details of the incident and our room number.9. One evening upon our return to our room, there were 25 or so ants in the bed sheets. We did not sleep very well that night. The next morning, we noticed that the maid Was leaving the sheets around were ants could easily find there way in the sheets. We asked her not to change our sheets anymore. We paid $9832 Canadian for both rooms. The value was not there. We were supposed to go to Riviera Maya at your Paradisus resort.Our trip was cancelled at the last minute because of the hurricane. We chose the Melia resort because it was a five-star hotel. This wasour worst travel experience. To our great disappointment, the Melia Caribe Tropical does not value its customers.We have been traveling extensively for the last fifteen years.(Dominican Republic, Venezuela, Europe, Bahamas, Hong Kong, India, Los Cabos, Riviera Maya, Guadeloupe). Staying at the Fiesta resort, Hilton, Intercontinental, Leela, Club Med, Leading Hotels of the World, Kempinski, Barcelo, NH Hotels.We understand that some things could go wrong, but the problems we experienced during our stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical were unacceptable and uncalled for. There were other problems we experienced daily: rooms cleaned very late, no toilet paper, no water pressure in the shower and toilet. It seems that the problems stem by overworked staff, lack of training in basic customer service and bad management on behalf of the hotel management.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>anxo1
<Content>I love melia We stayed at Melia Caribe Tropical on honeymoon. It was de best hotel in the world. we had travelled very much, and we know a lot of hotels, but this one was something special, not only for the new marriage! Staff was lovely, and you can give a good tip first day to the maid or simmilar, and they take care of you and your room specially. The beach is big, and very clean. there are a lot of hotels in Punta Cana that have bad beaches. It's important to know it. Food was excelent. In other hotels sometimes all food tastes to cocoa, but not in this place. It's a very good resort with good Fun Pub and music actuations.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome My girlfriend and I just returned from this amazing place last night.The Water, the beach, the pool, the food and the people (tourists and staff) were friendly and helpful at all times. This take a second place to no other resort I have stayed at before which includes much of the caribean. This is the first stay at the caribean that I never had to take any medication for anything including digestion control, if you know what I mean. I consumed the water, ice and plenty of food with no ill affects at all. the villa rooms are huge and the grounds are spread over a large area with meticulous consideration to the grounds.  Best Vacation place I have ever been. :)PS Hope to re-rite this with photo's when my girlfriend downloads themI read some of the negative reviews and cannot understand that.  Steve  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxed The check in procedure was the worst and we were nervious as it took 1.5 hours. It was incredible since all the paperwork was predone. They cooled our NY tempers with a cold beer. The beer was local and very good. All the drinks were good and so was the food. The reservation procedure for diner needs help so if you can get your travel agent to make reservations for you I would recomend it. The activities were fun and there is plenty to do . The snorkleing is a joke , you can have free equipment but it is $20 to take a five minute boat ride to a small reef. They said the driving range was included , but when we arrived to hit balls they wanted $6 per bucket ! What can you do at the range for free I asked the girl behind the counter ? I don't know was her responce and they did give us 2 free coupons. The activites you have to pay for are reasonable. However, what you think you are getting is not always what you get so be careful whom you give money to. The resort is first class and very clean , the staff were very warm and friendly . August was hot and steamy and we were happy about our airconditioned room . The evening shows were cute but nothing special. The dancing was fun but held in the Tropical Lobby which was hot and steamy every night. We had teens and 2 girls in their twenties and they said the eveinings were just so so ! Overall , it was fun, we are all relaxed and have excellent tans.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>robkaz
<Content>Wonderful time at the Melia I just returned from a stay at the Melia. The hotel and grounds were beautiful. We did have to change rooms because the first room did not have two beds or internet access and was located next to a construction area. It took patience and persistence but we did wind up with a room we loved near the pool with wireless internet access. If you want the access, get a list from the business center because not all rooms are set up and the desk will tell you they are. The beach was beautiful. As an early riser, I was able to stake out a great spot every day with shade. There were quite a few palm trees and little shelters so it wasn't that difficult. We were pretty careful with the water but ate all of the food and had no significant problems. A few minor stomach upsets were cured by Pepto Bismal tablets.The food at the buffets was okay. We ate breakfast and lunch near the beach. In the morning, you could have an omelet made to order and there was a lot of fresh fruit (pineapples, cantaloupes, mangos. watermelons). We always found something for lunch. I was able to get reservations every night. The restaurants wre all good except the American Grill. I would definitely skip it. The Dominican and the Mexican were really good.The majority of the workers were friendly and helpful but overall the service was just ok.The snorkeling excursion right off the beach was fabulous. There was a great variety of fish and reefs - for $17 a person well worth it. We used the little catamarran often. The shows every night were fun. Overall we had a great time.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation We stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from Aug 13-20, 2005.  We had a great time! BUT let me also preface my review with the fact that my best friend and I received a courtesy UPGRADE to the Servicio Real part of the resort which is brand new and more upscale than the rest of the resort. I鈥檓 not sure why we received the upgrade, we only found out about it upon checking in. All of the other fellow VIP travel travelers on our bus were also unknowingly upgraded so perhaps it had something to do with the travel agencies? So here鈥檚 the skinny:Check in 鈥?We arrived via shuttle to the hotel at about 3 or so, along with the rest of the world. The lobby is indeed open air, and so the masses of bodies plus the 90+ heat and humidity coupled to make for some not so very happy patrons. I鈥檓 not sure what Melia can do to alleviate the problem, it may just be the nature of the beast (can鈥檛 do much about hot weather or the fact that most planes arrive Sat afternoon etc). There was a full staff behind the desk, some working harder than others but none were slacking. We were notified that we were the recipients of an upgrade and we followed our check-in lady to a separate area of the lobby where we checked in. Unfortunately on this particular Saturday, this area was equally as hot and miserable, but we later found out that this area normally has A/C. The check in staff was pleasant and we made our way to our room.Room 鈥?The Servicio Real potion of the resort is amazing. New villas, private pool, private restaurant, private shuttle service etc. If you can upgrade, it鈥檚 well worth it. The one bad thing was the trek to the beach. At least there were golf carts/trams that were running around here and there and would pick you up at any place and drop you off at any place as opposed to the regular resort train that had specific stops etc. The room itself was pretty grand. Marble flooring and shower/bathroom area. Jacuzzi. Crown moulding etc. Someone said that these suites were being offered as time share properties soon and that they were brand new. We were never approached nor bugged about time shares but saw a few tours going around during our stay.Grounds 鈥?This is probably the one thing everyone can agree on鈥攖he grounds are absolutely amazing. SO beautiful, well kept and lush. We saw flamingos, and peacocks in the mini lakes and ponds. Also the whole complex is huge! It took us a good day or two to figure out what was what even on a map. Restaurants 鈥?Mixed reviews here. Luckily we did not have to fight with making reservations by calling ahead etc. As part of the Servicio Real deal, we were able to make reservations for the entire week ahead of time which was truly helpful. We went to the Japanese, French, Mexican restaurants and the other 4 nights ate at the private Servicio Real restaurant. The Japanese was the best, entertaining and good food. The French was second, and the Mexican was ok too. We heard from others that the Seafood and was not good at all and the Chinese was good too.For breakfast and lunches we used the private Servicio Real restaurant and grill which was ok. All of the waiters were very nice and you got to know them well throughout the week etc. We did eat at the beach grill one day which was fair. Nothing is by far disgusting but I do agree that food at the resort is not one of the strong points.Pools 鈥?We only used the private Servicio Real pool which was directly in front of our villa. It was amazing. Beautiful and the attendants were all very helpful and friendly. Beach 鈥?Very beautiful. The sand is so soft and the water is clear and refreshing. There is seaweed in the ocean but it鈥檚 nothing major like people complained about!Tipping 鈥?We tipped our maid and waiters a dollar here and there and they were most appreciative.Money 鈥?We didn鈥檛 bother exchanging our US dollars to Dominican pesos as everyone accepted (and actually preferred) the US dollar.Tours 鈥?We went on one tour of the Dominican country side with the Monster Safari tour. Great time, but a long day. Take candies, pens, hotel soaps or whatever else you can for the children you will see on the tour. Do not book any tours other than through valid certified reps.Nightlife 鈥?Non existent. If you鈥檙e going here to party, go elsewhere. There鈥檚 one stage that has nightly 鈥渟hows鈥?but we didn鈥檛 go. There鈥檚 a small casino with mostly slot machines and some tables. We heard about dancing at the Tropical side lobby bar but never went. Basically after a fun SUN filled day at the pool or beach we were tired anyway.Airport 鈥?We had to pay $10 USD to get into the country (which was NOT part of our all inclusive package) and rumor had it that we needed $20/person to leave, however we never had to pay that.All in all, we had a great time at the Melia. We did run in to many people that had nightmares about room changing etc, but fortunately didn鈥檛 experience it ourselves, and again, this may be partly due to the fact that we received a courtesy upgrade 鈥?thank goodness! The people were very friendly. We would say hola and Buenos dias to all staffers, whether they be security guards, maids, waitresses, bell hops etc, and they were most appreciative. Bottom line鈥攜ou get what you put out. So learn some Spanish, enjoy the beautiful weather, grounds, and relax!!! Punta Cana is a new and relatively undiscovered area for US vacationers. There were lots of Europeans there, Spanish, Dutch etc, and so it was nice to mingle with different nationalities.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful place but bring the pepto My girlfiriend and i stayed at the melia caribe tropical resort from august 8th through the 15th of this year. overall, the place was beautiful as everyone else said. if you have a taste for good food, i would not reccomend the resort because the food is just different. The dominican is a third world country and the food is third world food. It wasn't always bad, but it was just strange. the beach is great, the pool is great and most of the people were nice. they had a guy that walked the beach every day and cut open coconuts that i love to drink out of. he even kept them in a cooler so they were cold. you could take them to the bar and have them put rum in them if you wanted to. Most of the water sports cost extra and are a little pricey. our room was nice, but not extravagent. i think what it comes down to is you get what you pay for. This is one of the cheaper all inclusives in the carribean and you will probably notice why if you go. If you do go, just go prepared. bring some over the counter aids to help you with the food and pack some extra snacks in your suit case to help you if you get a potato chip craving. bottled water is provided and offered everywhere you go and the local beer is really good. And oh by the way, it is hot in the dominican republic so you need to be ready to sweat. One of the coolest things about the trip was the punta cana airport. it looks like a huge tiki bar. Have fun and ask for the coconut guy on the beach.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Do It.... The Melia is most definetely NOT a 4 or 5 star resort. My husband and I just returned from a 5 day vacation with our 2 year old. What a mess.On our first day we warned by a fellow American to avoid the fruits and veggies unless cooked and to be careful with the food. Not what you want to hear. The food was really terrible. Lots of choices, just not a lot that was appealing. I actually lost pound! Who loses weight on vacation??The fact that you had to make reservations for dinner seemed ridiculous, especially when you were denied a spot and then showed up anyway and found an empty restaurant!? Housekeeping could have been better. Tiny ants in our room. Even after we made sure all food was away they stayed around...even on the toothbrushes....ugh. Also what I thought was a insanely large cockaroach, but maybe a water bug. Awful.The pools were nice but surrounded by very slippery rock which ran throughout the resort. I would not be surprised if there have been some serious injuries. The beach was also very pretty. The water was nice, but lots of sea grass.We spoke to other guests that have enjoyed other resorts in Punta Cana much better. Don't go!!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awesome place We travel a lot and usually to all inclusives. We have been to over twenty different properties around the Caribbean. This place was the most beautiful of all as far as the landscaping on the property goes. The beach is great, however the water was not as blue as it is in other places. This resort is huge and you must expect to walk a lot. However it will be some of the prettiest walking you will ever experience. We had three couples and the review on the food was mixed. I loved it and could always find something great at the buffet. The restaurants are awesome and we liked the Japanese so much we ate there twice. The staff is very helpful and we never had a problem. The only down side was the night life. There just was not any unless you like to gamble or just drink with friends. We were always so tired from the sun that it did not matter to us much anyway. One other bad thing is that if you like to sunbath on the beach it is a 10 minute walk to the bar for drinks. So bring a big insulated cup!! No one got sick but we brought amodium just in case.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia sucks the big one!!! Do not go! Comments on Melia Caribe:鈥?Day One: We get to the resort and check in at around 4 PM (normal check in is at 3 PM). We tried to get an English map of the resort but they didn鈥檛 have any to give us, so we had no way of finding our way around. We get to the room at 4:30 and the cleaning lady is just beginning to clean the room and it was filthy. We were told to sit out on the balcony (which we did for 40 minutes while sweating in the 90+ degree heat after traveling the entire day). Once in the room finally we noticed that the air conditioning was not working, the safe we paid $14 for was not working and our in room mini fridge was not working either. I called the front desk and they told me someone would come. After an hour the workman came, he said he fixed the fridge and air conditioning, and the safe could not be fixed. Unfortunately, the AC and fridge still were not working after babysitting this maintenance guy for 2 hours. I called the front desk again and kept getting the run around. We went all the way up to the front desk and was once again given BS reasons for everything. The people were rude and did not seem to care one iota. Finally, I was upset, my girlfriend was upset and it was 9:45 PM so I began yelling at them to fix our problems. Finally, After getting extremely excitable and asking to transfer to another resort the manager came out and the rep from liberty travel came and sat down with us and he assured us our problems would be solved. They offered us another room the next day but we had already unpacked and were tired and unable to repack and move rooms. We went back to the room and the a/c while running still did not work very well. Our room did not get below 78-80 the whole time. The worst part was that at no point did anyone apologize for these problems.鈥?Weektime: The food was absolutely vile, we had trouble finding anything to eat that was even half edible for lunch, and the dinners were just alright. Their reservation system is impossible (you have to WAKE UP and call at 7 am) and getting reservations at any of the restaurants was next to impossible. I also noticed that when we were in the restaurants that most of them were half empty so why is it so hard to get reservations? Additionally, in order to get to the area of the restaurants you cannot walk because it is over a mile to the main area (away from the beach), they have a trolley that is supposed to come every 15 minutes however we usually waited 25-30 minutes every time and ended up missing dinner reservations a few times because of it. I will say that thanks to one hostess at the French restaurant we were able to eat there a few times, she was nice and even made reservations for us at the other restaurants, she was the friendliest one in the resort and deserves to be commended, her name is Mayra Sterling.鈥?Friday afternoon we got back to the room and the air conditioner had broken once again, the room was about 85 inside. We called to have it fixed but nobody showed up and we could not even sleep Friday night due to the heat in the room.鈥?Saturday afternoon we returned to the still not working air conditioner in the room at around 6 Pm but this time the room was filthy and not made up yet even though we placed the 鈥渕ake up room sign鈥?outside when we left the room at 10AM. Finally at 7:30 our cleaning lady came and made up the room. The manager came and told us the A/c in the hotel was broken and that we could move rooms if we wanted to (apparently their only solution here is to move rooms rather than actually fixing the problems).鈥?Sunday: Departure day was a HUGE nightmare, our flight was at 3:55 PM, they told us the bus would take us to the airport at 12:50, so they told us to call to have our luggage picked up at 11:30 Am, figuring they would mess this up too we started called at 11:00 AM, what was funny was that we had called two times by 11:30, and then called a 3rd time at 11:45, finally at 11:50 I called and screamed at them to get our luggage and they finally did. We had to rush through lunch now in order to check out and make the bus.鈥?Overall, the resort had nice grounds but the accommodations, food, and people were horrific. I would not go back to the Melia even if it was free. The staff gives you a default 鈥渘o鈥?to every question asked and the food combined with the accommodations is abominable. One thing that I found interesting was that EVERY SINGLE other person we spoke to in the resort who spoke English had the exact same experience we had, some people had to move rooms 2 or more times just to get a satisfactory room. I hope that you will do everything in your power to get us some sort of refund for the problems which occurred during our stay. Additionally, I would highly recommend that you not promote this resort in the future, we felt entirely ripped off and are extremely upset about the results of our stay.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awesome if your looking to relax awesome placetry and stay in the jr suite royal deluxerooms 4400 to 5200people are friendly and very helpfulservice is laid back so don't be in a hurrybeach side is a mad house and crowdedso plan on it being that way or stay up by the pool  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a good Time! My wife and I recently stayed at the Melia (8/3 - 8/8). I was very apprehensive as I had read a number of mixed reviews, and had been informed that many people had gotten sick from either the food or water or both. Well... we had no such experience. The food at each restaurants was good. Even the the buffets were pretty good. We give a rave review of the Japanese restaurant. It came highly recommended and lived up to the billing. The Beach was great! The buffet by the beach was excellent. Service was good. Give the waiter a $2 tip, and you never have to ask for anything. My only complaint is about checking in and out. Hotel personnel barely speak English, and the proces is very slow. Would I go again? Probably.RS, from NY.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best ever holiday 22 of us travelled to the Melia for a wedding last September,in spite of so many bad reviews. We had a ball! Lovely large rooms, wide choice of food,spectacular grounds and the most helpful people ever.Time share could be a nuisance,just say Not interested. We got reservations for all the restaurants, but thought that the buffet was ideal for everyones' taste.We had a hurricane our first day and the staff went to great lengths to ensure our safety and comfort, even coming round to our rooms with a packed lunch. The reception is slow and not too helpful, but the rest of the staff were always friendly and smiling. I notice on the American revues that they claim they had no service unless they tipped, well none of us tipped until the last day and we received top class treatment. Perhaps we were more friendly to everyone! The wedding was a great occasion, very well organised and a day to remember.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time         
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to the negative reviews. I went last year and I have very fond memories of my stay so I'm looking into possibly going again soon. I was discusted to see such negative reviews from some very demanding hard-to-please guests. No place is perfect but in this place the good points outwiegh the bad points by far. Excellent place for Rest and Recuperation, relax at the beach and take part in the activities. All you can eat and drink all day long. Pool with bar lets you drink while relaxing in the water. Hotel staff all over the place constantly cleaning and keeping the place looking good. I didn't enjoy the optional daily trips outside the resort very much. Next time I'll just stay full time in the resort. If you're a picky person and hard to satisfy, don't go here, instead go to where Cosmo or Oprah recommend.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Walsh_UK
<Content>What is wrong with you lot! its brilliant! I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical last year and it was superb!I was in a party of 24 people and my collegue at work went for her wedding and 50 people travelled with her and there was not one complaint.How all the rest of the comments can say how poor it is is absolutely beyond me.Even a very popular American sports star was staying there so that proves everything!It is luxury 5 star treatment and there is evrything available for every single age group.The weddings are wonderful to see and the staff are really friendly, and really go out their way to assist your requirements.Anybody who are listening to the previos reviews, please take my advice and ignore them. It is 5 star property at it's best !All of you who have all either have too much money and therefore should learn it is not 7 star and shouldn't go for a cheaper option or you are just the worlds most fussiest customers!Only tip for you all intersted in going is to stay in the Caribe side of the property, it is the newer building and have very good facilities.Go on, enjoy youselves.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NewYorkDana
<Content>You get what you pay for ! Went to the Melia with my husband and 2 daughters, 10  5 ,had a great time. With that being said, let me start with some important facts. The breakfast buffet was AWFUL, I'm not very picky, but we had a very hard time finding something to eat and believe me there was tons of choices. They seem to cook everything in some type of oil. Lunch was also in this open air buffet and you had to swat flies as you ate. We did find another place for lunch the LaGondola,believe me it is worth coming off the beach and taking the train across the resort for lunch, we found this on the 3rd day thank god. The dinners at the restaurants were really good, it was hard to believe the contrast. The hotel rooms were very claen, but needed a little TLC, and we did have 2 rather large water bugs in our room,gross. The pool was tremendous and there always seemed to be people cleaning it, but somehow never got quite clean. The people are very nice, but tipping is pretty much expected. The timeshare people can be pretty annoying and very persistent. The kids club seemed to be very boring with nothing going on, we did leave our 5 year old for a treasure hunt on the beach and were told how much fun it was going to be, but when we went to check on her they never went. The beach was beautiful but did have alot of seaweed. The evening entertainment was okay, the kids enjoyed, but was very late so we only went 2 out 6 nights. The grounds of the hotel were beautiful with lots of caretakers always around. I think our main problem was that anything you asked for seemed not available until you showed a couple of dollars and honestly we would have tipped anyway. One other important fact is that if you had visions of sipping your frozen pina colada or margarita on the beach think again, never once served a drink frozen. I would visit punta cana again just not this hotel. If your expecting a 5star Hyatt you will be disappointed, just keep and open mind and remember how much you paid for an all inclusive  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Stay at the Melia Tropical. It was the third time i was at the Melia Tropical hotel and i'll be back next year. When we checked in, we first had a problem with the reception, she gave us 1 key but we were 3 in our room. The girl at the reception was the same as last year, very bad and lazy. We were in the same room as last year. We got no surprises then. We had no problems with the room instead of asking for towels every day because the room service didn't put enough.   For the restaurants, the bad surprise was that we had to make a reservation for restaurants, often refused but they were half empty most of the time.The mexican restaurant was moved to another place temporarily and finally came back near to where it was before. The alhambra buffet disappeared and was replaced by the American grill and the Guarapos dominican restaurant. I heard that the mexican restaurant burned in november 2004 and it wasn't repaired in july ... The Capri restaurant was fine and nobody got sick this year. The only problem is that they hadn't lobster like last year. They told us that it was just for a while but we asked friends at the Vacation club and they told us that there were no more lobster since months..I had a bad experience at the Ma maison restaurant. The food wasn't that nice (and i don't think that because i'm french). The waiter was very impolite when he tried to make a joke because i didn't have the same pronounciation of  cammaron or shrimp than him.The only nice restaurant was the Gourmet. We didn't manage to get a table at the Japanese restaurant during the 2 weeks of our stay this year . Last 2 years whe went there but the food isn't very japanese. Only the Show is nice. The Chinese restaurant is as bad as it was, no surprise. The good surprise was the Guarapo, the new dominican restaurant. We had a special service there because they lost our reservation at the Gourmet. We weren't the only ones in this case. Each problem occurs many times. At the american grill , the food was just ok, but don't expect to have nice food at this hotel.The activities were the same as last year, the swimming pools , the bars and the beach are still the same and that's what we are looking for when we come to punta cana. At night we went at the casino, There is live music at the tropical lobby but i'm sure it's playback. The fun pub is the place where i went every night to dance and have fun with friends. They didn't eradicate this vomit smell.. The cocktails are very strong so ask them how you like it. In this hotel everything is calculated to save money. The major problem was still the reception and it's a miracle they didn't fire all the people that work there yet . The golf is very nice.If you pay attention to what you eat and to what you do, you should enjoy your stay.We just remember the nice things of the trip and that's why we come back each year. Just don't expect too much of the people there.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Divajo
<Content>Hated it! Just got back from Punta Cana, and stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical.I do want to say that i did go into this site to read the reviews on this hotel, and i did see more than a few negative feedback, but i decided to go anyway and i have to say that they were absolutely all true... I hate to talk about my Dominican people because i am from a dominican descent, but im surprised that a 4-5 star hotel had such poor quality service completely, and the food was absolutely horrible. The only good thing were the Restaurants most of them, which you had to make reservations 24 hours in advance which is ridicolous. I will always visit my country, and hope that the other hotels down the strip are not like this one, But without a doubt I will never go back to Melia or recommend it to anyone else...  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drmartha
<Content>A nightmarish vacation My husband and I just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical after having had many pleasant trips to the Bavaro Palace. What a mistake to pick this hotel! Our key card kept going bad, locking us out of our room, and had to be replaced 6x. The shower worked fitfully. Towels were sometimes nonexistent. The food in the beach buffet was pathetic: overcooked meat and fish, soggy vegetables and mushy pizza. Reservations had to be made in the a la carte restaurants, were often refused, and the restaurants were half-empty when you looked in. Food was mediocre, and we both got sick after dining in the Dominican restaurant. There were too few shade trees or shelters at the beach, and you had to get up at 6AM to reserve a chaise.The place was so huge, you needed to take one of 2 trolley trains to get anywhere, waiting in the heat and hoping they didn't break down. Overall we were happy to leave and will return to the Bavaro Palace from now on.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>English Customer Service required I chose melia tropical caribe for my wedding place because of the beautiful grounds, But what i didnt no was how bad the service could be!!!!we arrrived at the resort on july 16 the people at the front desk could hardly speak english, when we finally got are rooms they were scatted all over the resort, we asked if someone could show us to are rooms and they would just point the way.... So we had to go on a hunt to find it, a few of use had to change room 3 time because either the air conditoning didnt work, or there was a water leak or it just smelled bad. after getiing every thing settled i tough it was okay to relax untill the wedding day.. we met with are co-ordinator and gave her all the instructions to follow for are special day, but was she going to follow them is the question???? well on the wedding day the horse and carriage went to the wrong room so I was 20 mins late for my wedding, then I finally get there and i was handed my bouquet and it wasnt even close to want we picked the colors and the floweres were total wrong (how that happend its beond me when i gave her colored pictures of what i wanted) the gazob was decored beautfully and the cake was very nice my favorite thing was the the musical trio that played for the wedding :) then its time to meet at the ma masion for dinner, we requested earlyer that the tables are to be put together but NO that wasnt done either, but after all that overall are day was great :)the service at the lobby bar and the pool bars was really good no complaints and they are not stingie with the aclohol the grounds are huge but very beautful they have exotic birds throught the resortWe got to eat at all the resturants and it was great exceped for the chinese food yukare maid always left clean towels and lots of bottled water and fresh flowereswe got to meet some really GREAT people from the usa and portugal unfortunatlly we didnt get to say good bye to them so hopfuly they will read thisover all it wasnt a bad place to visit but we will try a different resort next time  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely magnificent!"Excellent Hotel All I have to say we had a blast!!!!, the food need improvement.Americans when we go to another country, we need to realize that respect and good attitude will get you a memorable vacation. I notice that the impatient people were always the Americans.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a veiw point from a a 16 yeear old =) i used to read these reviews with my mom almost everyweeek -- because we were soo excited =) -- we would read the responses and always wonder what people where talking about -- i soon found out - i went at teh end of july with ALOT of people -- nd it was def. ALOT of fun but of course it was going to have its downside-- not every hotel is perfect. i cant really complain about much because i really did have a GREAT time .. pros. the food wasnt really bad but it wasnt really goodyou have to remember ur in a 3rd world country and NO ONE speaks english .. the rooms were veryy niceee -- the whole place is just GORGEOUS everything about it was beautiful -- the pool was great u spend MOST of ur day there so dont bring alot of clothes because u will mostly wear ur bathing suit ALL day -- the night life was fun the fun pub was alot of fun -- they played alot of music and had alot of contests which made it entertaining-- it is SOOOO hot .. nd the weather to do ur hair isnt so great everyone there was not mean it was just hard because no one spoke ur languageit got fustrating at times. if ur expecting this hotel to be like one from america ur sadly mistaken -- but u cant let all the bad things ruin ur trip you just ahev to make the best of it-- it is 100% times better to go with a larger group it keeps u entertained-- have fun and enjoy it ur in a tropical island u cant expect it to be perfect! have funnnn !!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad vacation at Melia Servicio Real section... Before going on vacation, I read many reviews on the hotel... I was very nervous because of all the bad reviews, but I was still keeping an open mind and hoped that the negative comments were from generally unhappy people :-) Well, I've come back from my 6 day vacation understanding why some people may have been unhappy, but I really enjoyed my vacation... Let me tell you why... ARRIVAL/RECEPTION/ROOM OPTIONSI will start with the check-in... Unfortunately, the bad comments about the reception are very true... they are not very friendly and not at all helpful... We were supposed to have a room in the Tropical side. When we got there, they told us our room would be in the Caribe side. When shown to our room, it was not too far from pool and ocean (no view), it was clean but very dark (not much natural light) and on the ground floor. Not what we expected at all.... by then, I was getting a bit deppressed :-( If I had to stay there for 6 days, I would have been a very unhappy camper... We went back to the reception right away (the guy carrying our luggage was still there with his car/cart) and we requested another room. They told us another room would not be available for another couple of days (not very nicely). We persited, and the manager finally told us about a new section called 'Servicio Real'. This area is fantastic with brand new rooms, sunken jaccuzi tubs, private pool area, private restaurant etc, etc... You do pay a bit more for the rooms but it is worth it! If you stay in this section, you have access to all Tropical and Caribe restaurants and facilities -- But they cannot access the SR pool and the very nice Gaby Club restaurant. The SR Gaby Club restaurant offers buffet meals, and excellent 'a la carte' dinner and is never crowded... AND reservations are not required!!! It is close to the reception area, all restaurants, and casino... only shortcoming is you are not close to beach and must go on a short bus ride to the private beach area reserved for SR section. If you must go to Melia in Punta Cana, I strongly recommend that you look into the SR section. Also, the other Tropical/Caribe sections seemed a lot more crowded, lots of families/kids... so if you are looking for something quieter, more exclusive, then this may be a good option. FOODI must say that the food was fantastic during our stay. We ate dinner at the SR Gaby Club (twice), Japanese/Hokkaido, French/Ma Maison, Seafood/Capri and the Italian/La Gondola (The Italian food was the only one that I did not love - all the others were excellent).TIPPINGAs some other people mentioned in their reviews, please bring lots of singles with you... We used them to tip waiters, bartenders at the pool, beach, restaurants who were always bringing us drinks... and also the maids who took care of us with extra water, towels, sodas... You can go thru $100 very quickly... unfortunately, I don't think all guests believed in tipping.. and that is a real shame... these guys/gals try very hard to please and are not paid a lot... Every dollar or two can really help them...GENERAL/BEACH/POOLIf you are looking for beachfront rooms, ocean views, this may not be the hotel for you since these may be very limited. This was the only thing that was dissapointing. But everything else was really wonderful. There were no bugs as mentioned by some people (I HATE bugs). And all the workers were extremely friendly, polite and helpful. And it looks like they are building a new section with oceanfront/ocean view rooms.... Hope this was helpful and hope you will have a great vacation.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>needs major help While a very beautiful landscape, service and management a REAL nightmare. If you are looking for relax, this is not the place. Faced with all kind of service problems, even begging on your knees will not get you an audience with a Manager. The Management is sorrunded by walls and you gave to deal with 10-15 guest relation people about the same thing and none will talk to the others or will resolve your problem. Total Waste, very Poor Management . (I have served in Management teams of 5 Star hotels in New York and Beverly Hills for past 20 years)  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected I got married at Melia Caribe Tropical in July 2005 bringing 61 guest with me. The grounds of the hotel was beautiful, though that area of punta cana was extremely hot and humid. I'm not one of of those people that ever complains but this was the worst. I read trip advisor and debbies dominican travel and I thought this was a great place to have my wedding in. I was wrong. We got a quick check in but my guests had to wait until 3, other guest waited until 7. It was horrible. Some were given rooms with people inside it, others with there room not functioning. When my fiancee walked in his room his closet was full of Mildew and no cold water. I had so many unhappy guests. A big embarrassent. You need 24 hours to make reservations to a restaurant. When you called it was always full so we had to eat at the buffet. Service was horrible there. The employees aren't too helpful. The resort is to big too many villas and too much walking. The wedding coordinator changed my reception site the last minute which I was upset. It costed me more because I had to decorate the room with extra flowers. The only night life was the casino, arcade, and they did some shows in the tropical lobby. The fun pub which was the club was so small. What angered me is that they had young european boys dancing in their and they didn't want to let my brother in. After all my guest argued with the supervisor and staff they apoligized because we were right. Speak only english. They'll respect you more. On the wedding day they locked us out of our own rooms only giving me 45 minutes to dress. The electricity went off a few times making it difficult to do my hair. I was about to be a run away bride. Honeymoon night the jaccuzzi didn't work, when we hopped in the shower knob to turn on the shower head the knob fell off. We were given a basket with fruitflys and the mosquitoes bit my husband all over. The next day one of the guest left our items in the fron desk. A camera, cell phone, and clothes. They claim they didn't have it which means their own staff stole it. Every time I passed through the front desk lobby there were a lot of people complaining. It wasn't just me. I've been to other resorts and this has been the worst in service and quality.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wasted my money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have traveled the world and stayed at numerous hotels and beach resorts.The grounds on this site are second to none. This is one of the very best properties I have been on and my research has indicated this property is the best the island has to offer. The property is so big that they have trolley's that transport you around. Flamingos and other various wildlife walk and fly the grounds and it is without a doubt, truly sensational. Please note the resort is under construction and numerous people complain about the noise. However, this did not impact us and I was aware of the construction, but never was I bothered by noise from it.The beach is poor at best. The reason I say poor is because they have no coral or aquatic wildlife that you can see or interact with. There is also a lot of seaweed and trash on the beach at all times and they don't clean it. Because they have no coral reef, the seaweed is very dense and breaks up and travels up on the beach. Not only is it unsightly, it has the water dirty and forces you to the pools on the grounds. The service at this hotel is also poor. This is a very poor country and I know for a fact they do not like Americans, thus the poor service. I had numerous interactions where I was told no and was presented with a very restrictive scenario on options. They stocked our refrigerator on the first day only and was told that even though we paid for an all inclusive, we had to pay for sodas in the room going forward. The maid didn't replace room towels on some days and we actually went 3 days with the same towels at one time. The maid also didn't replace the shampoo nor did she provide tissue. Maids typically came mid-day and if you came back from lunch and didn't have something, I would look for a maid or call the front desk and they never replaced my request. The only time I got service is when I tipped and realized after the third day that tipping got you minimal service. On this resort, tipping is expected and NOT an option and you literally have to tip for everything. I believe in tipping, and don't mind doing so. But I tip based on service and I don't like to feel obligated to tip and I certainly don't like feeling that I have to tip for tissue and shampoo. Another concerning notables. They have numerous mosquitos and have had recent outbreaks of Malaria. We were bitten numerous times and were very concerned. My son came back to the states with Ring worm that he picked up and the food in the a la carte restaurants was average at best. They have several exclusive restaurants that serve upscale food. These exclusive restaurants were good and we dined there some nights, but please keep in mind that everyone dines there and you need a reservation to get in. Getting on the list is difficult, requires a tip, and you must coordinate this early in the morning. Walk up seating is not an option and I was turned away several times with rudeness.Jamaica truly knows how to service their clients and they know what fun and an all inclusive truly is. The quality and options of food in Jamaica is superior to Punta Cana. I liken the service in Punta Cana to prison in comparison to Jamaica. They seem to be intent on telling you what you can't have before they consider fulfilling your request. As a result of my experience with the beach and the service, I can say without a doubt I will never travel to this island again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hope this review helps Just got back from the Melia Caribe. I'll start with the bad. This resort is more like the size of a small town to get around you must take a tram ride depending on where your room is. Beware if you have samll children try to get the rooms closest to the pool and beach area, if not it could be a huge pain lugging the kids back and forth to your room unless you plan just to say at the beach and pool area all day long. The second biggest issue is the reservation system you must call at 8am to secure a reservation for the following day. The best reservation I could get was either a 6pm or 10pm, I had to go complain to the manager to get a 8 pm time. Their are 3 buffets that do not require a reservation but their is no air conditioning at these locations, only the restaurants that require a reservation, the casino and your rooms have air conditioning. Beware of the time you go because it is hot, July and August cannot be the best times. The service was not that great either many issues with getting bath towles and pool towels were at a premium to get. The good part was the resort very clean with the grounds, pool and beach areas all being up to a 5 star. The food was ok at the buffets but better at the restaurants. If you know what your in for you can make it an enjoyable stay....  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to those bad reviews!! Am not sure why people write terrible reviews of this resort. It was beautiful!! The staff was friendly and appreciative of a little 'dinero'. Upon arriving had no problem getting into our room right away. Arrived around 3:00. The room was very clean and fridge was stocked. Had no wash cloths but wrote the maid a note in spanish and left some $ and it came very quickly. The dinner buffets were not all that great..a little tough to find things that our picky 6 and 8 year olds would eat. The Japanese was our favorite. Went twice. Also went twice to the Italian..was good but not necessarily authentic. The Gourmet was good also. The Agora grill was great for breakfast and lunch. Had pizza, nachos, hot dogs..etc. For breakfast had cereal and eggs,omlets, sausage...etc. My husband and son did get diareah. Not sure where from..my husband ate some things he didn't know what they were, we all drank bottled water and brushed our teeth with it too. It was not severe tough and didn't ruin our time. I did hear a story of a lady who was hospitalized over night for being dehydrated. The Tropical pool was great and Rafael the bartender was great with our kids. Always came over to them and knew what they wanted.Over all was a good experience. One timeshare guy approached us and that was all. A simple 'No thank you ' was enough. I did get some hints from other people like bring some snacks like crackers etc. That was helpful. Also brought peanut butter and the kids could have a sandwich if they wanted. If you are not willing to speak a little Spanish then don't go here..almost all the guests were spanish speaking. We were definitely the minority..not many Americans. Didn't bother us though. Were some English and French. Mostly Europeans there so were a few topless women even by the pool. We did have to make reservations for dinner every morning for the next days dinner. Had to call the reservation line in the AM but I never had a hard time getting in. Other people did but they were looking for a later reservation like around 8:00 and we wanted 6:00 for our kids. The phone would be busy but usually didn't take long to get through. All in all I think if you go with a positive attitude and are friendly and ready to tip a little you will have a great time.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ny/nj30
<Content>Take The Good With The Bad We stayed at the hotel from July 24 to July 30, 2005, we went with 28 people. We were a group of mixed ages from 42 to 3 year old. I will start by saying that it is very hot. I thought the hotel is beautiful to look at, but I don't know if I would go back. When I use to read the reviews I didn't understand why people complained how big the resort was now I know why that has to be one of the biggest problems you experience. I definetly got a work out the week I was there, because until you know what train goes where you end up walking everywhere and if your room is by the resturants and lobbies then you are about 1 mile from the pool and beach. As far as the staff I didn't have any problems besides the front desk. The front desk is a nightmare they are very rude and don't even try to communicate in english. They definitly need more english speaking people at the front desk. After finding my own way through the hotel I started to then enjoy my vacation. The biggest suggestion I can give anyone who goes to this hotel is find where and who is representing the company you made your travel arrangements with and once you find that person, who is usually in the lobby bar area make all your plans and dinner reservations through that person (your vacation will be that much better). As far as the food the dinner buffet is terrible, but all the resturants are ok. The breakfast buffet near the pools are good and so is the lunches. The pool and beach area is beautiful. The nightlife is limited, but the fun pub was fun, the casino is very nice and the lobby bars are very enjoyable. If you are taking young ones and are expecting a kids club to entertain your children forget it. I would never have left my 3 year old there and neither did any of the people we were traveling with. Overall the place is beautiful to look at very clean the rooms are spacious and clean, but not somewhere I would go back to.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible stay at Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana, DR I have just returned fro Melia Caribe Tropical, in Punta Cana. It was the worst stay I have ever experience. If you don't speak Spanish, communication was poor. They are in the middle of contruction, and be prepared that your room may be in the midst of it, noise and dust will be the daily norm, and you will not be able to use your balcony. Bring wash cloths since none will be given to you, and bring hand towels since they tend to run out of them and thus they are not always brought to you when they become available. Plan to spend every day of your stay trying to make reservations at their Restaurants, and most of the time not being able to, because they are booked. Plan to be solicited for the Vacation Club and spend a great deal of time declining. When sitting at the buffet, you must make many attempts to get service because English speaking tourists are usually ignored. The shuttle which brings you to different places since the resort is big is suppose to run every 15 min. but runs ever 25 to 30 minutes, and it's broken down alot, by the time it comes it fills up quickly and then you have to wait for the next one, therefore usually you end up walking. This is just some of the complaints, believe me there are plenty more. I was told by their manager, that they are working on their problems and place is goin to improve in 6 mo. to a year?  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Complaints!!       The pool  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation We were at the Melia from 7/14-7/21/05. We were a group of 7-5 adults and 2 children. We had a wonderful time. When we arrived, we were told we couldn't check in until 3:00, but that we were in Bldg. 8. We took the train, which was pretty reliable, down to the building. We saw that we were within a few yards of the pool, and beyond that the beach. We also saw that our rooms were ready. We went back to the lobby and got our keys. Our rooms were beautiful. Everything was clean, and there were no bugs anywhere. We had bottled water and soda, and we also had plenty of towels. We gave our housekeeper a dollar or two, and were kept supplied with both. We had no problem with the food, which was very good. The reservation system for the restaurants was pretty dumb, but we got reservations for all the restaurants that we wanted. The buffets for breakfast and lunch were pretty good, too. We were able to eat everything, and the open air restaurant was beautiful. The only problem we had was with the kids club. The children we were with weren't comfortable with the language barrier. They didn't speak English, and our kids didn't know Spanish. Other than that, we had a great time. The resort is so big, and the landscape is beautiful. The pool was beautiful, and we had no problem with the beach. There was some seaweed, but they can't do much about that. We were only bothered once with the timeshare people, but since we didn't keep the appointment, we really didn't care. The gift shops were expensive, and so was the flea market down the beach. We only bought a few souviners. All in all, it was a great experience.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truely Dissapointed! Where to start... Apart from the fact that we were not told by our agency that they were undergoing major construction for expansion, or any apologies by the staff for any difficulties and inconveniance caused by them... the staff was really cold and a lot were rude!The food was decent.... depending on where you went! OUt of the 4 FULL time buffet that they Said to have there was only 1 that was open, and that was the international food. So, if you had no reservations for restaurants in the evening, you went there... The only highlight that I had was the service and treatment received at the Hokkaido Restaurant... For that, it was excellent and I wished that the rest of the hotel was as enjoyable.There was a total lack of organised activities during the day, and even more so in the night. I was only approached 2 to partake in activities and that was at the end. I have had better service in some 3 star resort than here. Truely dissapointed  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the most relaxing vacations ever We too were very concerned with the very poor reviews of this resort and were seriously considering cancelling. Fortunately we didn't and we experienced one of the best vacations we've had in a long time. We booked this trip through RCI and couldn't have been more pleased with the service and help they provided us. As another reviewer had mentioned, if you were expecting American food you should have stayed at home. The breakfast buffet was wonderful and both my sons, one of whom is a very picky eater, were able to find more than enough to eat. Lunch was the same way. The theme restaurants for dinner aren't spectacular but they were very good and we never left hungry. The grounds of the resort are beautifully maintained as are the pools and beach. We didn't encounter any bugs much to our surprise and later learned that they spray for them. There are more than enough activities to keep you busy, snorkeling, parasailing, swimming with the dolphins, speedboats, windsurfing and much more. The rooms were always clean and bottled water was left every day. The staff was very friendly and always tried to do a good job. Knowing a little spanish may help as some of the staff is still learning english. Again we're not sure what happened with some of the other reviewers but it sure sounded like they had an axe to grind with the resort. We couldn't have asked for anything more and fully intend to return to this resort.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I was happy to be back at work after my week @ Melia Well, you problably read the reviews of the group of 38 that went to Melia Caribe for a wedding and thinking to yourself that it can't be that bad...trust me, it was.First off, the check-in:What a joke, I understand that in some places you will need to wait until 3:00 p.m. to check-in which is acceptable. Having said that, when it is 4:30 and you are still in the same clothes you wore on the long flight there and sweating due to fact that the ceiling fans in the lounge were for decoration only. I had to demand my room key. I don't think I could take another go to the buffet and eat and have a drink while your room is being made upSecondly, the room and housekeeping:The room was air conditioned. that's the best thing about the room. The beds are horrible and have slept on better couches. Good news is that there is a bidet, 'cause you are going to need it. which brings me to the next topic...food.The food:My doctor explained my symptoms as travelers diarhea which is common in third world countries When I told him I stayed in a 5 star resort, he laughed and gave me a prescription for antibiotics which I had to take for a week. Avoid the buffet at all possible, the bread was decent. Eat only at the resturants, some of them are quite good, like the Japanesse spot. The service was poor and you had to wait a long time to get a refill on a refreshment.... and I am super patient, but a refill on a drink shouldn't take as long as it did. Bring Imodium and Alka-seltzer which worked great.Do not drink the mixed drinks, the ice is not purfied as I had a glass of water with ice and I can see the discolorment after about 5 mintues.The Good:The pool and the beach is just amazing, really impressed with that. Bring your own towels, since the ones provided were questionable at best. I watched a guy re-fold towels that guest had just returned. That's just foul.The Bad:Gift shoppe is run by thieves, I gave them a $20 bill and the cashiers was hagling to give me change back. Wanted to give me $1 and the rest in quarters, when I questioned the lack of change the other cashier asked the cashier that I was dealing with if she had $1 bill (in Spanish) and she said of course I do, and that's when I lost it. (I do speak the language) I told them if you want my $20, I'll just buy $20 worth so you don't have to rip me off, after grabbing a handfull of over-priced goods I left the store extremely annoyed...and headed to the shuttle to the rooms.The Badder:The Train, shuttle, or whatever they call the tram that takes you from the lobby to your rooms does not run every 15 minutes, not even close. My suggestion is to do the long walk to your room and forego the wait.The Worst:Running out of TP cause your housekeeping service is non-existance...(see note about using the bidet)The Best:The checkout was the best part of the trip.Got back and lost 8 pounds...beat that TrimSpa.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon from heaven! My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon at the Melia Caribe Tropical. I went there with some hesitation after reading reviews of the resort, so was pleasantly surprised at how wonderful it turned out to be. The place is just beautiful with all it's manicured grounds and beautiful flowers. It is very large but the walking was good exercise to wear off all the food and drinks and if you don't want to walk there was a train that would take you. I don't know what people are talking about when they say the food was awful. There was soooo much to choose from, and everything I had tasted fine. I loved sitting on the patio by the ocean to enjoy our coffee and breakfast. The people who worked there were all very nice, and yes, some did not speak English, but we're in their country, what do you expect? For dinners you make reservations the day before so we had a wake up call at 8:00 am to make our plans for the next day then just went back to sleep. We had no problem getting into the restaurant we wanted. The French and the Japanese were our favorites. The pools and ocean were awesome and there were plenty of activities you could do. We enjoyed the snorkeling on the Carribean Festival Cruise and the crew was very entertaining on the trip. Shopping was the only thing that I would probably skip next time. It was interesting to see the people and the shops but there were the same products in every shop and nothing that was anything I was interested in. All in all we had a great time and I would go again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia was like a fairytale world               More photos  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the pool and beach area but that was all I loved about this resort We had an OK time but I would not stay here again. When we first arrived our room had ants. We called and they came and sprayed--they were gone for a day or so then they came back. Our air conditioner did not work properly--we would burn up at night. We called 4 times. Each time they would say they fixed it and it would still be burning up. We should have demanded to switch to a different room but we were close to the beach and hated to move. The food is awful. It is very hard to find something you like. Our 18 year old son was so hungry and grouchy the whole week. We tried the Italian--it was very hot in there and food was not good.We tried the Japanese--it was OK not great.The French was the best and it is cool in there.The seafood restaurant was not very good either.We heard the mexican restaurant was good.The breakfast buffet is the best they offer. The night buffet is awful--be sure and make reservations at one of the restaurants.Be sure and take your own snacks--they are expensive at the gift shop. The restaurant reservation system is absurd. You must get up at 8 a.m. on your vacation to get a reservation and when you first get there you cannot make a reservation that night. When you get to the restaurant not even half the tables are being used but they tell everyone they are booked and the service is not good even though they don't have many to wait on and they try to rush you through your meal. The front desk workers are so rude and indifferent. It is like pulling teeth to get any information out of them. There is no customer service.On a positive note the pool is wonderful. Big and the swim up bar is great.The beach is beautiful. We checked out the catamarans and that was fun. We also enjoyed the snorkeling trip that you can buy at the beach activity desk. Also, the grounds are beautiful.You can cash your travelers checks at no charge at the casino--everywhere else they will charge to convert them to cash.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>worldclasstraveler
<Content>WORST HOTEL/SERVICE EVER!!!! Please, please, please read my review before booking a stay at Melia Caribe. This was, BAR NONE, the worst vacation of my life. My husband and I stayed at the hotel from May 28 - June 6, 2005 and we will never return to the island as a result of the treatment that we received. Prior to our trip, I called the hotel several times, confirming the accuracy of their advertisements, checking on the pricing and to set up transportation, etc. I wish I had viewed their non-responsiveness to emails/calls as a precursor to the horrible experience yet to come. I had to call the corporate office several times in advance of the trip to confirm reservations and rates. When we arrived at the hotel, we asked about the room that we were about to be shown to...they assured us that it was part of the new side of the hotel. We told them that money was no object, please put us in a good room. WELL, when we arrived in the room it was literally, disgusting. The bathtub needed refinishing, there was no toilet paper holder, and it was very run down and dirty. The worst offense?! When we pulled back the comforter the sheets were so rancid, we thought an animal or someone had died in them. Naturally, we requested a change of room...we were told this was impossible until the morning as they were sold out (yeah right). We then demanded to have clean sheets put on the bed...which they did, 3 hours later! This meant that we ended up being able to fall asleep at about 2AM. The next morning we ran into several couples at the tail end of their vacation saying that we should get out now. We tried to move to another hotel, but Melia Caribe refused to refund out money. Instead they moved us to a bigger room (after arguing with them for 2 hours), which was relatively clean, but still not worth what we were paying. THIS PLACE IS A JOKE. Throughout the week, the service was ridiculously bad, the food disgusting. The whole concept of the restaurants and making reservations?! Forget it - virtually impossible. Service is a 4-letter word there...their guest services agent actually booked us on a snorkeling trip ($200USD for 2) that didn't include snorkeling! When we returned angry, after having to foot the bill for an $80 taxi ride back to the hotel (we refused to spend our last day on the booze cruise that she'd booked us on) she informed us that it wasn't her fault that the trip didn't have snorkeling and she was just trying to help us out. Complaining to managment? Forget that too, as the bad service starts from the top...the manager of the hotel told us that he would refund the price of the hotel for the first night when we checked out...of course he did not. When we checked out we discovered that he was offering us a $30 refund! On top of this, the checkout personnel demanded that we pay for a $10 phone call with cash instead of either a)off-setting the cost of the call with the refund or b)charging it to our credit card that they had on file. When we refused to pay them, they wouldn't let us leave...they physically refused to allow the taxi driver to leave without their say-so. When at last we were allowed to leave, we'd ended up waiting an hour! Of course when we received our credit card bill, they had not only charged us the $10 for the phone call but also never refunded us the $30 as promised.This place was horrible! Only plan a stay here if you like to be treated poorly, lied to and cheated out of your money.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quite enjoyable for the realistic and experienced traveler Reading many of the negative reviews on the site truly makes me laugh. Those who have negative reviews of the resort are quick to assume those who enjoyed the experience must be new travelers or have low expectations. I have traveled extensively and truly believe that those with memories of disgust and sickness were unrealistic and uninformed about traveling to an underdeveloped country. Do many people get sick? Yes, they do. Can it be avoided? Definitely. If you have traveled outside of the United States and Europe, you should know not to drink the water. That means: you don't drink the table water, you order your carbonated beverage without ice, and you read the label on the bottled water provided to you in your suite (hello, it says thay it was bottled at the resort and ingredients were added to it for digestion...diarrehia contributer??) Are there bugs in Dominican Republic? Hold on to your seats...Yes, there are!! Will the bugs be attracted to food? Um..yes. Will the open restaurants be visited by bugs? Yes. What do you expect? Would you like them to stand over the buffets with bug spray? Be realistic. Perhaps the better question is whether some people should have made reservations for a summer in a bubble. The majority of the restaurants are buffet. Have we experienced the buffet before? Food is in the open!! Food goes bad after being left in the open. Use your common sense when choosing your food. Check-in is at three in the afternoon. Check-in is at three at hotels in the United States and in most of Europe. Why the surprise?? I have been to this resort 3 times, and I enjoyed each visit. Service is slow, but if you have traveled to Latin American countries, you expect this. Latin people are about socializing. How about actually trying to socialize with the workers and have a good time?  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Before leaving I had read all the horrible reviews online, so of course I was dreading the vacation. Well let me tell you something, the reviews I read couldn't be more wrong. The staff were nothing but nice to us (My boyfriend and I). The restaurants, we thought were great. It was like eating at 5 star restaurant in Manhattan every night! As far as getting sick-well common sense, there are signs in the bathroom saying don't drink tap water...We did not get sick at all! Honestly, I just can't emphasize how wrong those bad reviews were. I also think that a vacation is what you make of it. If you are going to go there and boss these people around and think who you are...then yeah they are going to be rude and the service for you will be horrible. However, if you go there thinking ah ok this is a vacation and treat the workers with respect and kindness-you will have an amazing time. The beach is amazing, as well as the pool. The main pool is beautiful. It has islands throughout that you can sunbath on and a fountain in the middle. ***I wanted to write this review mainly to try and ease the minds of anyone that is in the position I was in before leaving for DR.*** Don't listen to the negative reviews. This resort is beautiful, the food is excellent, the staff is great and remember it is what you make it!!!!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Below my expectations 1) Extremely long check-in process. Our reservations had been cancelled (?!)2) Room smelled like mold, probably due to faulty A/C. 3) No towels...serious... and I thought other people giving opinions here were exagerating. Be prepared to tip to get these.4) Floor of room was simply dirty. Ants and other insects all over. Complaints didnt work.5) Poor transportation inside the hotel, distances are long...... Main walkways to beach/lobby are not shaded so you end up walking under the sun (90 deg F temp and 90% humidity). These same walkways are used for service, which will ride on mopeds, trucks or golf carts right past you at 40 mph. BTW.. hotel employees racing past on mopeds, trucks and golf carts while paying customers are walking (sweating, carrying kids and bags)... am I missing something or should it have been the other way around? 5a) The train used for transportation is very slow and when the hotel is full forget about catching a seat or be prepared to wrestle for them with other guests...6) Dinner reservation system is horrible. Read other critiques. In my case, they messed up our reservations 2 of the nights.7) Agree with other negative comments about the food.8) They will insist on selling you a membership to the Sol Melia Vacation Club, in the lobby, in the pool, in the beach, by phone......9) Getting change into small USD bills is difficult anywhere.10) True about heat and humidity but ... what can you expect of the caribbean in the middle of summer? True, there could be more working A/Cs in many of the common areas but the open tropical architecture wouldnt allow it in most of the hotel anyway. 11) I know I am missing many other negative things that I should mention here, but my mind has already started blocking out the experience.All in all, I wish I would have read these opinions before I went there. My mistake. To be honest, I vacation once or twice a year so I expect the experience to be near perfect. True, this particular experience could have been worse, but it also could have been much better. Next time, I will choose a hotel with no or little negative comments. Period. All the negative comments here simply raise a red flag that shouldnt be ignored.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful! Beautiful resort! We spent four nights at the Melia Caribe Tropical. The best place to be there is the beach and pool. The pool bar is exceptionally great. We spent a lot of time there. Make sure you call the next morning at 8:00 to make reservations at the nicer resturants. The Japanese resturant is the best. Make sure you stay away from the Italian resturant. There is nothing Italian about it. My husband, sister and I all got sick from eating something there. We talk to several other people and they said they got sick from the Italian resturant. Everything else was nice. We stayed in the Deluxe Junior Suite and it was pretty nice. Tip the maids a dollar or two and they will make sure you have plenty of drinks and towels. Tips are not required but just a dollar or two now and then to the bartenders and maids will make your stay better. They remember you and don't forget. Always call them by name. We were not able to go on an excursion because of having Diarrhea but we heard the Jurassic Safari and the Snorkeling was the best. Overall we loved the resort just stay away from the water and seafood and the Italian Resturant.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lilsim
<Content>Had a great time We had a really good time. even bought into the vacation club from the annoying reps. yeah, the food is not great and service is so so, but take a moment to consider where you are (one of the poorest countries in the world, not in the Caribbean, but the world). anybody who complains about all the walking and the other petty things is silly. manage your expectations and you'll enjoy yourself. The place is beautiful the beach is fabulous and there is plenty to do for all age groups. For what you pay, it's good value.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrendously Horrible Let me begin by saying that I can't believe there are actually POSITIVE reviews about this place. I wonder if those reviews are from people that have never been on vacation before or have never received at least minimum-level service anywhere!!!! Anyway, here goes:Arrival at the hotel: My wife and I found out that you don't get your room keys until 3pm and when you ask why you get a somewhat rude  indifferent response. (What they do clearly communicate to you is to get something to eat or go to the bar over and over again while you wait). We waited there in the sweltering sauna (aka the lobby) until I guess I became such a nuisance to them that they had no choice but to give me the room keys at 2:50pm. Just when I thought we were home-free in our room (we had to listen to a sales pitch about time shares on our way to the trolley - more on that later) we had to wait 1 hour for our luggage! By the way, for those ignorant reviewers that say unless you speak Spanish, you're treated rudely...that could not be further from the truth. Both my wife and I are Hispanic and it didn't matter!The room: The out-dated furniture looks like something out of a 70's porn movie. Also, there are ants, a leaky bathroom ceiling after we took showers, a cracked coffee table, no iron or ironing board and I had to call 4 times for that...the 4th time I was told there was a shortage of irons on the resort. The service: It was terrible everywhere except at the Japanese restaurant. Waiters  waitresses walk around aimlessly like Bernies (as in Weekend at Bernie's). The term customer service must not exist in their vocabulary.The food: WOW (and not wow in a good way). We traveled with a group of 38 for a wedding...basically everyone else except my wife and I got sick (vomitting, diarrhea, bacterial infections in their stool - you get the picture). The reason why my wife and I DIDN'T get sick is due to the following reasons (take notes). Everyday we ate the same thing...for breakfast we ate toast  a waffle (be prepared to wait at least 20-30 minutes because there is only 1 waffle iron). Lunch was pizza (we waited until the chef took out the pie fresh from the oven before the bugs got to it) and french fries (again, straight from the kitchen). Dinner at Chinese---terrible. Dinner at Japanese---excellent, I would highly recommend. In fact, the Japanese restaurant had such good food  service that you would think you were actually in Japan because that's how far away the quality of service was compared to the rest of the resort. (We also heard from our friends that the Mexican restaurant was just as good, but we didn't eat there). Drinks were bottled water for my wife, who's pregnant  Presidente beer for me. Don't drink the mixed drinks because who knows if the ice is really filtered like they say it is.The grounds: Beautiful. The landscaping is gorgeous, it looks especially nice at night. However, everywhere there are tiles that are extremely difficult to walk on, not to mention very slippery if even 1 drop of water gets on it. Also, you have to wait all the time for the trolley to pick you up. They tell you it's every 15 minutes, but sometimes you're waiting there longer. It gets so jam-packed that you have to hop on it even if it's going in the opposite direction of where you're going.To summarize there is one thing that you're sure to find if you stay at the Melia...you're GUARANTEED to LOSE WEIGHT - be it by getting sick or by watching very carefully what you eat (like we did). It's the 1st vacation I've EVER taken that I come back having lost weight! I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this resort...to my enemies!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great trip - Hotel was OK... After seeing mixed reviews about this Meli谩 resort, I wasn't sure what to expect. I have to agree that the hotel itself and the grounds are amazing.. definitely 5 stars! Our rooms were very nice and clean. No problems there either. The entertainment was pretty much non-existant but I think it was a strategic move on their part because we ended up spending all our time in the small casino or at the pool table.We had 3 main problems: Food, service and beach (in that order).Service is slow (on Dominican time as they say) and not too friendly - unless of course you tip them 1 or 2 dollars. Best services was in restaurant and from activities guys. I heard a lot of complaint about people getting their room late but we arrived at 12:30PM and our room was ready for us. (Note: there is no air-conditioning in front desk area and all buffets)The food was pretty bad. Not sure how anyone can claim the food here was good. The buffets, although huge, are pretty bad.. I only managed to find 2-3 decent things each time. Stick with the basic (omelette, pasta..). I was so looking forward to have some good Dominican food but only got bad american/european imitation food.. Breakfast was by far the best meal. We did have a few nice surprises (cheese plate one night with blue, goat and brie), chicken and oven roasted ham another... We never got sick. Best buffet: AtalaresWe did go to a couple restaurants... better food and service but still nothing great. No problem with reservations (make them at least 24 hours ahead for a decent time slot) and the food came out very quickly. Best restaurant: Le Gourmet.My last complaint was the beach. It was really beautiful but when you got close to the water or went swimming there were tons of weeds/leaves everywhere.. which was extremely annoying in the water.Use your judgement and try to make most of it. Overall I had a great time though... (I recommend taking a few excursions - especially the island of Saona one - food of these excursions is good!)  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TERRIBLE!!!! BEYOND TERRIBLE!!!! Oh my god this place was horrible!!! let me start with check in we got there 3:00pm and didn't get into our room till 5:00pm, it was so hot. I went with my husband and my 2 girls they were hot and cranky. we get to the room and it was nice but full of ants. I had a big arguement with housekeeping beacuse my room wasn't cleaned for 2 days after the 2nd day we called them twice to come cleaned the room at 10:30am then again at 4:30pm they showed up at 6:00pm we told her to please give us 5 minuites to leave she waited outside we left said bye to her and she left never cleaned the room!!! I called when we got back from dinner the room wasn't cleaned i called housekeeping again and they showed up at 10:20pm after my kids were asleep, my husband told her it was too late. I had no towels to shower i had to ask for towels from our friends in the rooms next to us. We had no bottled water in the mini bar when my girls were thirsty we had to walk over to the pool bar to get bottled water which by the way wasn't very cold. Now to the food. the buffet is horrible they have 3 buffets and all 3 of them are outdoors there is no air conditioning and they have a bunch of cheese layed out that was sweating the food had flies all over. The food that should've been on ice like yogurt wasn't. My daughter wanted yogurt for breakfast my husband tasted it and it was spoiled. lunch was the same thing. Dinner, well there buffet for dinner is the same garbage everyday and of course the flies are there. To get reservations for the restaurants was difficult, but the mexican, japanese and seafood restaurants were good but they took forever to bring the food out. We went with a large group of 38 people we were all there for a friends wedding. Everyone got sick and it was the buffet. People from our group were handing out medication to stop going to the bathroom. I ended up in the hospital with vomitting the diagnosis was an intestinal infection from the food. The floor I was on had other patients from this same resort, that alone should tell you something. People were stuck in there rooms for 2 days because they couldn't be far from the toilet. The hotel gift shop sold Immodium but 6 pills was $26.00 American dollars, it was ridiculous. The wedding, my friend and her husband looked great. the ceremony was beautiful they provided three men playing guitar and singing they were great. They quoted my friend one price and when she got there it was another. videographer and photographer taped and took picutres of the ceremony and they told the bride that it would be $200.00 for 45 minutes of the reception, they turn around and tell the groom that it would be $500.00 for 45 minutes, thinking they wouldn't talk about the price they bride ends up in the bathroom crying and the only thing the wedding planner could do is say sorry. Then in the middle of their first dance the music stops and there is no music for an hour and a half. they were using microhone wires for the equipment. they didn't provide an MC for the reception so the bride asked one of the guest to MC for her. the food at the reception was ok. You were not served what the menu indicated. i had the fish and it was so salty it wasn't edible. People who had the chicken and beef said it was good. after the tragedy with the music the reception turned out to be great everyone had a good time. It's just sad that the bride and groom had to go through so much on their special day. The service in the hospital was better than the service at the resort. People watch out for the buffets if you go there. The place is beautiful but that's it. We heard many other stories from other people satying there. BE AWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, but a lot to be desired! The rooms and grounds are beautiful and clean. Service is very very slow. The safe in our room was not working properly and we spent too much time in our room waiting for someone to show to fix it while nobody showed. The so called non motorized water sports that are all inclusive is a joke, snorkling is included, but you have to pay $17.00pp for the boat to take you there, wind surfing is included, but you have to take lessons for $25.00 pp to do it, so don't expect to do too much without it costing you. The food has a lot to be desired. Dinner reservations can only be made the morning of, but you can't get thru to make them. We were given 9:00  10:00 pm reservations every night. Needless to say our children were falling asleep with out eating. After complaining at one resturant we were given 7:00 pm the following night. We were out by 8:15 and the resturant still remained more than 1/2 empty. If you are spanish it's a great place to go, if not you will definately take a back seat. A spanish person will be served at the bars before anyone else no matter how long you are waiting. All in all we had a good time and made the best of it, but this is one place I would not return or recommend.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be afraid, be very afraid Let me first start out by saying that I read many mixed reviews, but thought that many of the negative reviews were just snooty people being pickey. Wrong. I think the positive ones were from people who never go on vacations or have extremely low expectations of a resort. Every complaint in the negative reviews where 100% accurate, especially if you are an American. The positive would definitley be the grounds and landscaping, truly world class, though the resort is way to big not to have shuttles or other transportation, they have trains that you are forced to breathe the diesel fumes and exhaust smoke as you sit on it, I'd rather walk. Besides walking is good for you except all the walkways have warnings that they are slippery, and they are not kidding. If they get a little wet be very, very cautious, it's like a sheet of ice.The 2 main issues are: 1. The Service - It was awful, beyond awful, almost non-existant and where it did exist they were downright rude. When I mentioned this to one of the many (and I mean many) solicitors for time shares his demeanor changed and he replied 'What do you expect, these people only make $150/month' (I hope he was exaggerating) I can go on and on. Trust me if you are a traveller and appreciate great service...walk away...no runaway from this resort. 2. The Food - Wow, where should I start with this. Well 5 days after our return my friend who's faimly we went with has been to the Doctor 3 times and will be going to the Hospital for more test. I to, after 5 days after our return, still have severe intestinal disturbances (read between the lines) and will be going to the Dr. after the holiday weekend. The buffet is OK, except the food is left out for hours without refrigeration. They have a great system to keep you out of the ala carte restaurants, first off you can't check in until 3:00pm and when they explain the restaurant reservation policy you can't call the reservation center until 8:00am to 12:00pm the next day, and that is to make reservations for the following day (yes day, not days. You can only book it for the next day) So there goes the first 2 days of getting into a restaurant. When we called as instructed at 8:00am it was busy, busy, busy. We got through at 8:15am and they were all booked. So there went the third day to eat like a normal vacationer would want, in a restaurant. What did we do, well we did what every red blooded American would do, we paid the maitre'd off. After that we paid the people at the front desk off and we finally by the third day ate at a real restaurant. Food was mediocre at best, and when we ate at the other restaurants we found the same food just with different sauces. Beef and pork is always like shoe leather, but the seafood was not overcooked (though the Dr. thinks it was the seafood that made my friend sick). The last night we ate at a buffet and it was the same as the first 2 nights. The thing about all inclusive is that due to the low quality of the food you tend to eat more; not because you want to stuff yourself like a pig, but because your saying to yourself 'There must be something here that will satisfy my taste buds' you keep trying other things, after that you just lower your standards.Anyway, be afraid or at least very cautious. Do not under any circumstance leave the resort by yourself, it will be apparent to you as the bus brings you to the resort. Poverty is an understatement. If you do go on an excursion bring candy for the children. Nobody told us about this and you will feel very bad when you see the dissappointment on their faces as they give you the finger and other obscene gestures as your excursion vehicle pulls away.Last year we went to Cancun on a whim because it was so inexpensive. It was 10x better than Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. May Christopher Colombus rest in peace.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Punta Cana  We just returned from Punta Cana and had a wonderful week at this resort. We have now stayed in a 3 star 4 star and now 5 star resort according to Travelocity ratings and can see the differences - its worth the extra money for the 5 star. Though we loved each place, I will never stay at anything less than 5 star again.The Food was great - The drinks were great - the rooms were fabulous and the staff was incredible. All you had to do was ask for something and it was done. I like the reservation system of the Ala Carte restaurants, you could call pretty much anytime of day. And if you were still hanging out at the beach you could use any phone - ie towel room - bar etc - to book your restaurants. As far as getting sick, I witnessed the truth about that - if you over indulge iwht alcohol, heat and sun, sure you will get tummy problems. I mean you are already out of your usual routine. It is not from the food water or ice. I personally had no problem.Elaine with guest relations was an angel. I contacted the hotel before arriving and we got VIP treatment the whole time, even a fruit basket and a bottle of rum in our room upon arrival.We took 2 terrific side tours and got to see lots of the country side and two totally different looking beaches and terrain just a short distance away. The tours we took were, Altos de Chavon/Isle Soana day trip  4 wheeling/Horseback riding half day trip. A great guy named King was at the resort and he hooked us up with the both tours - quite reasonable too.I cannot think of anything bad to say about the resort or the area.I am extremely impressed with all the people of the Island. Most all of them speak at least 2 if not 3 or 4 languages. I can barely speak English! They are all very professional, neat, clean, friendly and warm. It was an excellent experience and great vacation. I would recommend it to anyone.(Be warned lots of visiting people are not polite travelers and they can often be the downside to any trip)  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adele4178
<Content>Wedding In Paradise!!!!!         
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Way To Relax! We were at the Melia Caribe 6/11-6/18/05 in unit 0515. The relaxation was wonderful. The hardest decisions were whether we wanted to go to the pool or the beach and what we wanted for dinner! The casual atmosphere really reflected the manana syndrome. We, from the U.S., are so accustomed to the do it now time frame that we forget to just relax and take it easy.The food was ok for breakfast and lunch, but not worth writing home about. Dinners were very good. We couldn't decide which one we liked best although we ate at Capri (seafood) twice. Call for reservations early if you want a time other than 6pm or 9pm. Be insistant if they tell you there is nothing available.Our room was nice. No rats, bugs, electrical issues, etc. The bed was quite comfortable. Water pressure was not good and of course the notice on the mirror to not drink the water said it all. Brushing our teeth using bottled water was different but not a problem.We went on the Caribbean Festival for a few hours of snorkling around the coral reef (careful---it cuts like a razor! Yes, I got too close.) and swimming with sharks and stingrays. In retrospect, that probably wasn't the best decision I've ever made, but what a rush! After the water activities, the bar was open and the entertainment began. If you want a nice walk, you can walk from the point of the boat to the resort. It is about a 15-20 minute walk. Wish we had done that. Down side of the trip, they really like our $$$, but tourist from the USA aren't always treated as well or as quickly as the European and Latin American visitors. No big deal.My husband didn't mind the topless sunbathers at all. How very European of him! :) It was a great trip. Anytime I can spend 24 hours a day with my husband, I'm in paradise! The resort made it even better.We loved the vacation. It was a great trip, but isn't on our list of places we must return to in the near future. Met some really nice people. Hi Joni  Johnny and Connie and Gary!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grounds Beautiful: Food Weak Link My husband read many reviews before we left on our trip and the theme was similar to ours. The grounds were beautiful, our room was not in the construction area and close to the pool and beach which was just great. Food was very big issue and we are wondering why. You need reservations for dinner unless you want the buffet which was poorer quality. You had to BEG for reservations as soon as the timeframe to make them opened. Could never get into some restaurants. Once we were in the restaurant there were a considerable number of tables open throughout dinner; 1/3 to 1/2 of the tables depending on the restaurant. We did not understand. Food service was poor also - courses missed, long waits between courses. It was the weak link of the vacation.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fun and fabulous i took my wife cheryl to this resort to celebrate our tenth wedding anniversary june 18th. what beautiful grounds! the staff was very friendly and helpful. we stayed in the 2400 building, near the pool, beach and buffet. absolutely ideal location. check-in was easy on thursday june 16th, check-out was also easy on wednesday june 22nd. we did not care much for the lunch buffets. they just were not all that good. so we skipped lunch. not a bad idea after having a full and wonderful daily breakfast. dinners...they were delicious. great service, great food. the mexican restaurant was the best. gorgeous restaurant, wonderful appetizers and excellent meal. the french restaurant was outrageous. delicious and so beautiful. the seafood restaurant we ate at twice for dinner. that speaks volumes. the japanese restaurant...plenty of food too. shrimp, steak and chicken. the pool was fun. i spent hours in there and did not want to come out. my wife soaked up the sun and once an hour met me for a taxi-ride in my arms as we walked gingerly through the pool, had a cold pina colada and simply enjoyed talking to other visitors. all in all, the place to meet people was on the train ride daily. the train runs on time every fifteen minutes. it was a relaxing ride and we had some time to become acquainted with other travellers. this place was fabulous. a real vacation and wonderful escape. the casino was small but okay. we are not gamblers. simply met people there for the air condition! the area where the shows are performed nightly needs fans! it is so hot and muggy there. the shows were entertaining. we tipped romanna daily, our housekeeper and gave anyone deserving who was helpful a dollar or two a day. they were very appreciative. for 55 bucks, we hired a private taxi and went on a tour for three hours. it was good to get off the property to see the natives. we did not eat outside the property. we drank bottled water and brushed our teeth with the bottled h20 as well. be careful. we did not get sick but then again, i did not even eat their fruit. it looked good but inside fruit is you guessed it, their water. we also had no salads. in fairness, my wife ate the fruit and did not get sick. the room was very clean. the safe worked immediately. the refrig in the room was delightful too. go enjoy. relax and have fun. well worth the cost. i recommend this hotel. skip lunch and be happy!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some truth in all reviews I stayed at the Melia from June 13, 2005 to June 20,2005. I found most of the reviews here to be somewhat correct. The grounds were beautiful as was the pool area. I traveled with my husband and two children who are 14, and 4. My 14 year old son was bored the whole time. The arcade consisted of two game systems with one game each, Old games I might add. The dinners at the resturants were good with the Japanese and seafood being the best. The drinks were terrible, they were watery and tastless. The buffet were not good. There were flies all on everything, nothing was covered, and the cold food was not kept cold. There was only one waffle maker in the whole buffet area so the lines for that were exteremly long. The childrens program wasn't any good. They had an evening show for the children which consisted of games and songs such as the hokie pokie. The only problem was that everything was in spanish. The people running the childrens program spoke very little to no english. All in all the vacation was just ok. Not a total waste as my 4 year old loves the pool and beach, which is where we spent most of our time. I would not recommend this hotel to people with teenagers who like to do more then just the pool or beach, or to singles looking for a fun time.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had fun here My family has done our fair share of traveling including cruises,and visits to many fine hotels and definately put this in the top categories of vacation experiences we have had. We were here on a RCI exchange so our check-in process was smooth. we arrived at 2:30 and were in our room by 3:10. The vacation club staff made our dinner reservations for the week for us.The grounds are as beautiful as others have said and the staff was very friendly. The food was also good in all of the restaurants we visited. We would definately go back again. Yes it was hot and humid. But we expected it and it made the pools and ocean a treat to be in. Yes there was some seaweed but it is the ocean. What do some people expect?If you get a chance to go here and you don't mind the above, you won.t be dissapointed.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>enjoyed every moment!       the beach  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rarentogo
<Content>We like the Melia We really like the resort. My husband, myself and 2 kids ages 10 and 13 went there 6/11 thru 6/18.Yes, it is big but I rarely had to wait more than 5 minutes for a train and there were a number of times someone in a golf cart came up and offered us rides. Grounds are beautiful as well as the pools and beaches are very nice. We stayed at 0517 and the room was in good condition, everything worked well and the maid kept it very clean. We did tip her $2/day and left her notes if we needed anything additional. Make sure you bring a list of some basic Spanish words because our maid did not speak English which I think is common with the maids there. If you like to spend more time at the beach and pool make sure you pick a building close to the beach and pool area.We did not think the food was bad. It does taste a little different than the U.S. but, we always found something we liked on the menu. I have been to the Moon Palace in Cancun and thought the food here is better. Service was good and people friendly. Swim up bar got a little crowded during the day but, if I did not want to wait I would get out and walk around to the other side and get my drink right away. Not a big deal.The one thing that was bad is the entertainment. Dancers were not very good and no one could sing. They lip-synced! For some reason they love Michael Jackson (yuck!) and did a number of skits with his music.We went on the Jurrasic Safari excursion and loved it. The excursion went to a Dominican School, Sugar Cane field, Cigar Factory, Horseback Riding, Swimming in the river, Boogy Boarding and ate Dominican food. It was a 10 hour trip and we all thought it was well worth the money. We did bring school supplies for the children there and they much appreciated it. All an all I would recommend this place!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly UNrecommended I just got back from the resort, along with 19 other members of my family. We go on a family vacation every year, and it seems to get better every year. However after this vacation, I don't even know about next year.Pros:-A week away from home...-There is a casino but it is relatively small-There are several excursions, such as horseback and atv riding, scuba diving (which wasn't all that great), and fishing.Cons:-Definitely the food. If everyone is telling you that the food sucks, trust me, just listen to them.-Everything is so far from eachother. The distance of the beach and most rooms to the front lobby or casino is rediculous. You must wait 15 minutes for a bus to come and take you. You lose 20 minutes atleast. You can always walk and enjoy the beautiful uncut grass, mucky ponds, and dirt roads, (while watching staff ride by on trucks, mopeds, and golf carts).-There are only a handful of fans, and they are not even located in any of the resturaunts. They are only in the front lobby.-Hot and Humid-The pool pub has ONE POOL TABLE!????-If you have children and they want to visit the arcade room, tell them not to get their hopes up. I went to BEACHES AT TURKS AND CAUCOS (which was an exellent resort) last year, and the arcade room was amazing. 20 or 30 video games, the most updated systems. Great for all ages. I expected that HERE it would be the same.. but NO! All they had was 3 nintendo 64 games, a pool table, and foosball.-frozen drinks weren't frozen!???-Did I mention the food sucked.I really do not recommend this resort to anyone.Like I said, check out Beaches at Turks And Caucos.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I read the reviews on this site and was worried but didn't need to be. Our first trip outside the continent (North America) and it was fabulous.Grounds were exceptional, lots of walking, but enjoyed the walking, especially at night. Was surprised however that the hotel closed the pools at 7 PM and pushed activity towards the reception area of the resort. Security? We never had any issues and felt quite safe.Food was great, my Canadian stomach adjusted well. It's not fast food, like many North Americans are used to, and perhaps that's why the bad reviews. I was adventurous and although I do have a sensitive stomach, I didn't find that I got sick, just full. After a couple of days I just didn't want to eat because of the heat and the fact that food was always there!Enjoy your trip, leave your North American expectations at the airport, and just kick back and do the merengue!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ClarePete97
<Content>Dont stay here The map was wrong which we needed to get around, we changed room after we complained for 3 days, we had a leaking roof and a very dangerous plug socket hanging off the wall, we should never have been placed in that room, rep went to move us, staff said they were too busy and to go back at 3pm that day we did they said the roof was fixed and they have no rooms to move us too, we went back to the room, new that the roof was not fixed (how can you fix a roof in 3 hours when they cant fix a socket in 3 days), we went back to the reception and said we want moving now, suprise suprise they did have a room, if you are going to this hotel do not stay in blocks 1-10. My boyfriend has been very ill for the past 9 days, the food is not very good, dont eat lunch food, wait till after 4pm they do fresh snacks at the turey, the staff are very selected as to when they will understand and speak english the music is all salsa not very up to date, in the mexican we waited 45 mins after that we had to ask for desert, we were in there 2 hours and we didnt even have a starter and you wait agaes for a drink order 2 when you get one. We didnt have bugs in the room, but we did see crabs and a rat at the pool, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, if you can afford it go to the moon palace in cancun, mexico.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pro's and Con's We headed to Melia Caribe to get married. Eighteen friends and family came along to share in our special day. After working through some details our wedding went off with out a hitch and was perfect. Thank you Angelica.The resort is absolutely beautiful. It is very large but we didn't mind walking because of the beauty. The rooms were very nice and always clean. We had the best of both worlds in bldg. 36. Our room faced the pool and was next to the beach. I didn't see any bugs, only one small lost crab.The food is probably the worst thing about the resort. We were worried after reading all the reviews concerning this matter...and rightfully so. The food just doesn't taste right. Maybe it's because the food is european in nature, but this ol' Texan spent his time choosing his meals by what I thought would not make me sick. Some people in our party liked the food, so you will have to figure it out as you go. The restaurants were very asthetically pleasing, but the food just had that different taste. The Japanese place was very entertaining and the food was the best I had the entire time. I recommend going here repeatedly if you have issues with the food.Most of our party flew home after four days, while my wife and I stayed behind for and few more. We took part in a variety of the beach activities provided (parasailing, Scuba, Bannana boat rides, kayaking, etc.) and found them to be quite reasonably priced. We went on one excursion off the resort, which was the ATV, horse back riding, and snorkeling tour. We went on a 40 minute trek in the back of a bus to get to the ATV location and then rode these for another fifteen to get to the beach. The beach was actually a sandy road along a rocky shorline. I enjoyed the ATV riding, but the horseback ride was not that great and the snorkeling was a joke. I don't recommend this trip, it takes to long and is not what is advertised.Everyone who stayed the extra days was experiencing diarrhea, which we nicknamed the Dominican Shuffle, but most were still able to function and have good time. I on the other hand, came down with a more serious bug. I was out of commission for my last three days on the island. Vomiting the first night and the Dominican Shuffle everday since (a full week later). Ten pounds lighter and very concerned, I have doctors appointment this afternoon to have him take a look at me and make sure I don't have anything more serious. Visually, the resort is amazing. Some of the support staff is very rude and uninterested, while others try very hard. While their is a wide variety of food to choose from, the quality is lacking. Due to the fact I became ill, and could not eat much of anything the last three days I was there...I don't see us going back. Had I not gotten ill, I would consider it.  I recommend bringing a lot of small bills ($1. $5). The resort had very few if any, so you rarely got correct change. They have a bank onsite, but it is rarely open and even when it is, they don't have change, and would not cash my travelers checks. I had to buy something at the lobby souvenier shop to get cash. Bring Pepto, Immodium and sun block 30spf. Sunblock will cost you $24 at the resort.Your vacation is what you make it. The wedding turned out great and we had a great time up until I got sick.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just OK Overall I and my husband had goodtime. Breakfast part is good, For lunch, not a lot of options to choose from.. For Dinner make reservations to be on the safe side. The gardens were beautiful with peacocks and flamingos. Good to see the resort in trams. Beach wasn't that clean, had lot of crab grass.. Not a good place for families with kids, too many topless girls going around.. Trip to santa domingo is not worth it.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelieveable This is the worst vacation we have had in 10 years. Where shall I start. Well we get there and we were supposed to have an upgrade for a jacuzzi room (what a joke). Told us the place was full. Found out later it was only at 35%. No air in our room the first night, was fine after 2 call to the front desk. The other couple we went with had air but at about 85 degrees for the entire trip. The food was the worst I've ever eaten at a resort. Got sick and have been on the toilet ever since (a week later) That's the same with everybody in our party. The place was way to big. About a mile to the lobby and Casino. Had to take a train everywhere. The grass was up to your knees. They finally mowed the day we were leaving. The best part of the trip was the pool bar. You better plan on tipping the bartenders if you want service. The roaches in our room were big enough to carry you away. The worst was the time share salesmen. They were on us like a bum on a Ham Sandwich. Even they would'nt eat there. Would like to write more but have to go to the bathroom again. Please go someplace else.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid This Hotel I was on a company trip here during the first week of May. Thank goodness it was free. The rooms were full of bugs and smelled of mildew. The hotel staff speaks VERY little english and I found all of them to be extremeley unhelpful. When I called the front desk about non working items in my room (patio door, toilet, shower, bugs, etc.) I was either hung up on or transferred to someone's voicemail each time. The food could not be eaten. It sits out all day with bugs all over it. The dinners, with the exception of the Japenese place, were also horrible. The beaches and grounds of the hotel were beautiful. This place is not geared towards Americans and what we expect from hotels. I was extremely dissatisfied and would never stay at this hotel again, even if it were free.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everyone is correct when they say the hotel and grounds are beautiful... we went with 22 people and were concerned with all the reviews we read. First of all ladies DO NOT bring any high heel shoes, there is a lot of walking and the pathways are either stone or marble. Normally I wear SPF 6 but we all used 30 or 45 and some of our party did get sunburned. It is extremely hot and humid, forget the blow dryers because once you walk outside your room there goes your hair! The staff couldn't do enough for you. They were friendly and courteous and for the most part they spoke English. I didn't go with high expectations but was plesantly surprised once we were there. Of course when you go to an all inclusive resort you don't expect the food to be top rate but honestly it was horrible and the restaurants aren't air conditioned (even the few that claim to be). The Mexican restaurant is one to visit the appetizers are decent and the restaurant is absolutely breathtaking. The Japense hibachi restaurant has decent food and was the most air conditioned. Take advantage of the casino that truely is cool. The rooms are spacious and clean with great water pressure and comfortable beds. We had kids ranging in ages 3 - 19 and there really wasn't much for the midteenagers to do at night. Everything is expensive so I would pack chips, cookies or candy if you like a little snack during the day or night. One small bag of chips was $6.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Out of this world! Once of the best beach vacations i've had! Don't listen to some of the complainers.....I stayed here from 5/27-5/31 and the property is absolutely beautiful and the staff is friendly and will go out of their way to help you with our without tipping them. My husband and i were a little weary about doing an all inclusive vacation and it was well worth it as the food was excellent....you must eat at the Hokkaido Japanese restaurant and at Los Panchos Mexican restaurant (you will be pleasantly surprised). The beach is to die for and the vast pools are great as you can basically choose to be alone and quiet or be in the mix near one of the pool bars. the only drawback is that the property is so huge you either have to walk alot or take the cute little train system to get you around the property but there is still walking to do. We met some of the nicest people here so if you choose to go alone you will definately have no problem meeting someone.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYspanichChik
<Content>Melia was gorgeous Food horrendous I stayed from May 22-28 at the Melia. Yes, the Melia is gorgeous.Yes, service from employees was excellent.Yes, the Melia has clean grounds great pools and has a structured kids program.BUT the food gave my b/f and I the runs for days. I spent many meals convincing my child (5 yrs old) to eat. My boyfriend is NOT a picky eater...he'll it anything and he'll have two plates of it but when we were paying $4 for pringles at the hotel shop to eat...trust me when I say it. The food was gross.BREAKFAST...was Fine b/c come on you cant go wrong with eggs.LUNCH was so yucky I dont understand why. It was the taste of the food was not good I dont know how else to explain it.DINNER was good at the restaraunts, it was not in issue getting reservations...But the dinner buffet was nauseating. If food is not the most important thing then go to Melia because the rest was fine.KIDS PROGRAM: If your child is 4 yrs and younger they will stay in an air condition room thats like a daycare-toys TV etc. If your child is older than 4 yrs old there is no air conditioned room its all outdoors which is why I never left my son. The staffed seemed to be great with kids and their was a mini-disco every niight 9:15-9:45 which is the kids staff and your kids on stage singing and playing games. The arcade is 3 TV's with 2 nintendo's 64 and a PS2 each only had one game a pool table and foozeball table BUT it was COLD in there so I took my son every night. There is a club fun pub you can go with your kids but only til 10pm.ENTERTAINMENT: The Caribe side has a nightly show thats not really entertaining. The Tropical side is the happening place with a live music band in front of the bar, the arcade, casino, mini disco, fun-pub, movie screen and you can stay with your children until whenever you feel like it.MISC:* Tips were appreciated but really didnt make a different except when it came to maid service-clean towels everyday fridge stocked everyday nothing missing from my belongings.* The towels you get for the beach were stained with what seemed to be blood... so check them before you walk out b/c it ----- to lay on a stained towel. * There was no jet skiing, they said that that water sport is offered next month, but my son and I did the parasailing and it was AWESOME! $75 dollars for 2 people and $45 for one person.* My b/f and I got a massage at the SPA $40 for a half hour- worth it!* I got a pedicure $22 and a manicure $18 not worth it at all dont waste your money I could have doen ti better myself.* The check-in was aggravating b/c although we arrived at the hotel @ 1pmwe didnt expect to have a room, so we ate came back at 3pm and had to wait another hour before we got the room even though check in is at 3pm.* We took a taxi to Plaza Bavaro, a shopping center 10 minutes away, $10 dollar cab ride. Oh my god dont do it...the men , and there ALL men will hound you and twist your arm to buy and if you dont they'll bicker and insult you as you leave. I ended up buying souvenirs from the hotel shop and paying an arm and two legs.* Everyone that I encountered at the hotel spoke English.* Oh the hotel is huge the choo choo train is fun to take but you waste alot of time getting places.* Dont bother changing money everything is dollars in the hotel.* Dont bother getting the Melia MAS progarm card its gets you NO benefit.* Please take bug spray b/c the mosquitoes ate me alive and bring something to alleviate an insect bite b/c something liek that will run you about $10 in the hotel.* Take your own snacks...chips , cookies, bars. etc.* Ladies, dont even think about having a nice hair day the humidity is like 1000%The resort was gorgeous but I would not go back to this hotel. The inedible food really ruined what would have been an otherwise very nice resort.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Satisfactory When my family were going to Melia Caribe Tropical, we were a little bit scared with what some of the reviews had to say. Melia is just average. It's not great or wow, but it's okay.  The food in the buffets aren't that good. The resteraunts were better. My opinion, the French and Japanese resteraunts were the best. In the Japanese resteraunt, there are two special spots were the chef cooks right in front of you.  The rooms and suites are okay, but if you want a suite with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, you'll need to use Golf Suites (which is far away from the real hotel). But a pool is available in Golf Suites that is from 1.18 to 1.22 meters deep. In the main pool, there is a swim-up bar, and the pool goes somewhere around 5 to 8 feet deep. The Caribe beach has a lot of seaweed unlike the tropical beach which has less. There aren't many waves in the beach. In the Tropical side, there is an arcade which contains video games, foosball, and billiards. The entertainment is also average. In the Tropical side, it's always Live Music. In the Caribe side, there are 10:00 p.m. music shows, magic shows, and disco shows. OVERALL, I WOULD RATE MELIA 3  1/2 STARS.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MariaG928
<Content>Beautiful resort, loved the friendly staff       beach  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely people My husband and I went as part of a large group reward trip. The resort is beautiful; the workers aim to please. They are lucky; they earn $7 a day! The resort is lovely and well kept. The food is alright, and helps you to stay on a diet! We were there when the weather was horrendously hot and humid. It would be nice to have more air conditioning. I think that a lot of the people who complain are those who think that they are in their own country. You have to go with the flow, and the Domincans are charming. I would reccomend this place; just go in their winter months.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely wonderful, beautiful property! This place is beautiful!! First thing, go on the Catamaran ride, it is so relaxing, can't get much better than that! The food here is good, big selection and I was there from a Sat-Wed and did not get sick and ate all kinds of food. People are very friendly, weather is warm, no need for long pants or jackets. Everything was wonderful and I wouldn't change a thing!  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it here I stayed at the Melia from 5/2/2005-5/9/2005 and I loved it. I read tons of reviews before I went and honestly I couldn't agree with any of the bad ones except for the fact that I had trouble finding my room for the first 2 days. Before I get into all of that though I just want to say that I took this trip alone and I am a female. I know a few basic spanish phrases but I found that most of the staff knew some english.I left Cleveland at 6am so I arrived at the hotel around 10:30 am-way before I could get my room but I paid for my safe, changed into a suit and headed off to the pool. I had no trouble finding a lounge chair or getting a drink(and yes a buck or two goes a long way at the pool and the lobby bars). To these people our money is like gold and hey you're on vacation so to me money isn't really something to worry about. I met some people right away at the pool and proceeded to stay there till 4:30 pm when I knew my room would be ready. Went to the desk,got my keys and off I went, found my room with a little help from some english speaking folk that had been there a while.My room was clean and big. Everything worked fine-safe,electricity,shower,patio door etc. Had a coffee maker with coffee and everything else I needed(although I brought my own stuff including a small one cup coffee maker which I didn't need). I also brought my own blow dryer since I know in most places like this their blow dryers aren't very powerful. Only had 2 bottled waters in my mini fridge so the next day I wrote my maid a note in spanish(I brought my phrase book) for more water and coffee and left a couple of bucks. Came back to my room and had plenty of both. The room was always clean,always had plenty of towels and I only saw some little ant like bugs but hey this is the tropics. Left my maid a buck or two every day and everything was great.I found the food to be quite decent. I could always find something at the buffets although I did not eat any salad or any fruit without the rind. I had dinner at the Japanese place which I thought was good, the Italian place-I had the mushroom and shrimp risoto and the shrimp spaghetti-both were excellent,the seafood place-I found the lobster tail completely unlike the lobster we have here in the states-it was kind of flavorless and it had a mushy texture, the chinese place was good-I had the duck-not much meat but good flavor, the steakhouse-it was different -I had the mixed platter-the chicken and sausage were excellent-the steak was ok.The bartenders at both the Caribe and Tropical lobby were great(here again a few bucks go a long way)-especially Angelo at the Caribe lobby-by the way he speaks english very well. The Tropical Lobby bar is the place to go at night-live music and dancing-I was out there plenty of nights just having a great time. The disco-so so and didn't spend much time at the casino.About the staff.....I found them all to be friendly and quite helpful. A simple hola and a smile will get you the same back. Two instances which impressed me as to how helpful they are.The second day I was there I ventured out for a walk and to take some pictures. It is very hot and humid there so I brought plenty of water with me. I was walking around for about 2 hours and by then was soaking wet so I headed off to my room. After about 30 minutes of searching and circling the vicinity where I thought it was I got extremely frustrated. I went to the lobby,talked to a guest service woman who spoke english and she got me a ride right to my room. I surveyed my surroundings very well and draped on of my surrongs over my balcony as sort of a flag-I would be able to see it from the train stop that was right there. This was the problem finding my room-I was in building 29 caribe side. The sign for that building is not on the path to that building-it is on the little island for the turn around for the train across from the train stop across from the path of my room. Once I realized that I didn't have a problem again and I also realized that I was close to everything-the pool, beach, buffet and just a short walk to the caribe lobby. In another instance I was stumbling back to my room after a fun night of partying and dancing when a employee drove up on a moped and offered me a ride-I felt bad since I didn't have any money with me to tip him and I told him so . He said no money,no money-I take you to your room. And he did.Like I said I was by myself and I am a woman and I had no problems whatsoever with anything other than finding my room. I had no time share people bothering me. My apple representatives were really great and helpful. I did 2 excursions-the kon-tiki party boat and the outback safari-I highly recommend both.I met a lot of great people from all over the world and I had a blast-I didn't want it to end. I would definately stay here again-it was so beautiful.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't believe the other reviews!!! I spent 4 nights here at the end of April 2005. I was with a group of 500 people and the only complaint anyone had was the long walk from the main lobby to your room. The food was not the best I have ever had but it was far from the worst. We all found the staff to be polite and very co-operative. Our room was very nice and everything was clean. Whenever we needed anything (towels or more bottled water) it was brought very quickly. The pool and the beach are all beautiful. The beach has white, very fine sand and you did not have a problem getting a lounge at either location.The grounds are beautiful and well kept. There was always someone working on the gardens. Ny husband played golf and said it was a great course. He had no problem getting a tee-time.We did eat in Ma Maison (French Restaurant) and the food was very good. I was in building 34 and it was a long walk from the main lobby.That is my only complaint about the property. I would not hesitate to go back.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank goodness it was free! Ok...Let me start by saying that my husband and I checked this web site before we left for the Melia. Obviously, we didn't go expecting much (if you have read the other reviews on this site). We were traveling with a large group for a company rewards trip (so we didn't pay for anything). I can't imagine traveling there without the help of the travel company that my husband's company had hired. They made checking in as painless as possible, and let me tell you there was still pain! Be prepared to do a lot of walking! I would say that it was probably 1 1/2 mile walk from where our room was and the lobby. (I walk everyday at home for exercise, so I am used to it. But you do soooo much there that it get on your nerves after a while) We got all of the way there, and our key didn't work. That is where our frustrations began. The food is absolutely disgusting at the buffets!! PACK SNACKS IN YOUR SUITCASE!!! If I had realized it was going to be that bad, I would have packed cereal bars, balance bars or something that could tide you over until dinner. We litterally went to the gift shop and paid $6 for a can of pringles because the food was that unedible. Dinner was alright. If you can, make reservations at the Japanese restaurant. It was actually very good and the workers there were very friendly. Honestly, I am not a pickey eater...but I cannot stress enough how bad the food was! The main problem is that all of it sits out from breakfast until dinner, not refrigerated and there is no air conditioning. It is very hot here!!! The rooms left a little to be desired. Not the cleanest and because it is sooo humid there, everything smelled like mildew. But really, all we did was sleep and shower there so all in all it wasn't that big of a deal. On our last night, we did have a huge cockroach in our room. On a positive note, the pool and beaches were really pretty and very fun. Although like I said earlier, we were with a huge group of people so we made our own fun. If my husband and I had gone alone, I don't think it would have been as enjoyable. What I'm saying is...there were a lot of other people we knew that had worse problems than we did, so it was nice talking to them and realizing that we weren't the only ones. Besides that when you are with a bunch of people you know, you can create your own little party. The grounds of the resort are exactly like others have said. Just beautiful! There are peacocks and flamingos everywhere! That part of it makes it really interesting and exotic. All in all we had a good time. If you go to this hotel, just remember that you are in a third world country and that you are on vacation. I had to keep reminding myself of this while I was there. When you think of it that way you can make yourself relax. Don't forget your snacks!!! Good Luck!  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't bother !! Let me start by saying I went there for free. My friend won the trip through his company (200 people total) and he brought me as his guest. So, you would think I should have had nothing to complain about. First the positives. The room was pretty nice and the air conditioning worked great. Although, there were some bugs but I don't know if that is normal for a tropical place. The grounds are beautiful, especially the pool with the swim up bar and fountain. That was all the good stuff. Now all the bad. First, we got there, checked in, put our stuff in our room and went straight to the pool. There was a group of like 30 of us that went. When we got their, the pool was packed with like 30 guys in their 20's-30's. It turns out they were employees of the hotel. The hired help should not be swimming in the pool. Especially when they started whistling and yelling at all the girls in our group whenever they came up to the pool in their bikini's. And nothing was done about it! Even I think this is inappropriate being a single 32 year old man. These people act like animals. There were a few I spoke with and were nice, but the majority of them were dogs. Not only that, it was impossible to get a drink at the pool bar because the workers all knew the bartender. Let me say, whether the pool was crowded or not, the bartenders were rude and could not be any slower in getting your drink. As for the rest of the service staff, they also stunk. Lazy and rude. At the bars in the resort, you could get a drink as soon as the bartenders and wait staff were done dancing together to the music playing. I should have hopped over the bar and poured my own drink. Being a New Yorker, I have no patience for that! As for the food, I would not feed it to a dog! I heard the French Restaurant was ok, but everthing else was horrible at best. Especially the Italian. For the first time in my life, I had a pasta dish that was not edible. I took one bite and threw it away. The best meal there was the Fruit Loops for breakfast served with very warm milk. They also liked to leave cheese out to get warm and melt right on the buffet table, uncovered with flies and god knows what landing all over it. I would not be surprised if I come down with malaria in the next few weeks! The nightlife stunk too, but I was not expecting all that much. Overall, I had a decent time being that it was free and I was not at work, but I would never spend a penny to go to this place.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay at Home I would never go back to this place even if they paid me. The food is horrible. We were with a group of 200. Each and every one said the same thing, the food was horrible, horrible. The beach is ok, but any beach in Mexico, Florida, California or Hawaii is better. The locals are frightening. We saw several carying guns! The place is so disorganized it was a joke. I cannot imagine why anyone would want to go to a place where you need a gallon of bottled water just to make it from your room to the lobby. It is the hottest place on earth. The humidity is insane. The merchants are a joke, 3 T shirts they wanted $75! I guess they have never heard of wal mart! I am completly clueless as to why you would ever go to this island. It is lame. Keep your coin. Oh and by the way the trip was free so it was not a money thing. I have no clue, but I would not stay here for FREE. So do not waster your money.  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Lets start by the massive line up and wait to get a room and get somebody to bring the luggage to your room. It was hours of waiting and not very organized it was a nightmare. Finally received a room. As enetring the room it was a pretty good size but smells of mold and does not have any bath towels. We did not receive any for two days my husband had to talk to managment for two hours about things that were wrong. This included my sister who was getting married there and did not receive the wedding room she was suppose to get. The grounds of the resort was beautyful. The people were a little rude and would not talk to you unless you gave them money and that was the same kind of service at the bar. The food was okay but that is to expected, different culture. We had a time slot for the beach stuff for the kids. It was 4:30pm and when we went there to go do it they said we are closed and the time was 4:33pm. We were not happy and the one person working there gave us the middle finger. The final point was when my husband fell out of the shower and hurt his leg and had to go to see the doctor on the resort. There are no rails and there should be something on the floor to prevent slipping in the room and throughout the resort. To top it all off we had a 11 hour flight delay and we were not able to check back in to our room. All luggage was in a locked luggage room that was just packed to the top so you could not find anything, if needed. Just a nightmare!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rollinover
<Content>Pack the Immodium Stayed here the last week of April with my wife. Check in was a royal pain in the neck. We arrived at 3pm(actual check in time) and there was a line of about 5 families in front of us. No big deal right? Wrong!!! They are slow and disorganized behind the desk! By the time we got to the desk it was about 4:10PM and we were hot, thisty, and exhausted. Everyone in front of us at the desk seemed to be having a problem with check in, and I feared they overbooked. When we got to the desk we told there was a mix up with our reservation, and it would be about another 20 minutes before they could get us a room. The gentleman behind the desk suggested we go to the bar and grab a drink or two while we waited for our room to become available. We also told them that we were on our honeymoon(we really weren't) so please don't give a room next to a construction site, and the gentleman behind the desk said that he would do his best. We ended up up building 37 which wasn't too bad because there wasn't any construction and it was centrally located. Communication is a problem, and my wife is fluent in Spanish! I felt they were giving us the run-around. There are clearly service issues there and unfortunately the staff is probably stuck in the middle due to management cutting back on expenses. At least that was the impression I got, because we weren't lied to, just delayed. Personally, I feel being able to speak Spanish is a necessity to go there if you want proper service. The time share people were a bit pushy, but a simple No Gracias did the trick. We just kept walking and din't give them a chance. One guy was persistent and I had to tell him three times that we weren't interested and he still continued to follow us. I had to get a bit rude for him just to walk away. Unreal.The grounds: simply beautiful! Kept up very nicely. Fountains, small ponds with fish, peacocks, pink flamingos, egrets, and small lizards. Some mosquitos, although I was never bit(the wife was). The grounds are huge, and pleasant to walk through. Too large for some or those who can't handle too much walking or heat. Comfortable shoes solve that. Ladies will struggle walking on the uneven cobble stones with heels. The train ran at least every 15 minutes, but unfortunately run parallel, as opposed to circling the property. Therefore you must walk at times to get to certain places. Like others have said, the beach is great. The temperature of the water was great this time of year also. It was kept clean, and we didn't have a hard time getting chairs even with a late start(11:30am-12pm or so). The shaded areas were claimed very early from what we were told, so pack away the sunscreen. Everyday we were there it was very HOT and sunny, at least 90 degrees every day. The pools all seemed to be clean and the water temperature was perfect. Two of the pools were large and I never felt crowded. Didn't check out the golf, as golphing in 90 degree plus weather is not my thing.The room: Good news- Air conditioner worked. About 35 channels of TV. Probably about 10 in english. Bed was comfortable. Mini fridge with Pepsi, 7up and bottled water. Room seemed clean, but had a slight scent of mildew, very slight. The bad- the patio door locks didn't work, therefore anyone could access our room through our patio. The shower didn't work properly. The nozzle the controlled the shower had to be held otherwise the shower would turn off. It took three calls to get it finally fixed(one day later). A few very small ants in the bathroom. Saw one waterbug in the bathroom. There was quite a bit of space under the front door for bugs to enter the room, and it's bound to happen due to all of the lush vegetation. Hair dryer didn't work properly either and that upset the wife. Paid the $2 a day for the in room safe. Got to the room and the prior guest left the safe locked, and we had to call the desk to get someone down to open it, and that took about an hour. Not many draws, or hangers for your clothes. No clock in the room. Our maid was great overall. She'd always clean the room once we went to breakfast, but would deliver fresh towels later on around four o clock. She always replaced whatever we drank and we did tip her $5 up front.I didn't experience a lack of service at any of the bars. Most of the bartenders were very friendly and responsive. Communication could be a problem here as well, but nothing major. Good people, and a couple of bucks go a long way. The food: I got sick, the wife didn't. I ate very little and drank bottled water. I read the reviews and tried to be as careful as possible but it didn't work. Possibly the ice cubes? Possibly the water used to clean the salads and fresh fruit? Don't know, could have been anything I guess? Whatever, pack the Immodium, or pay $10 at the store. It was not pleasant.... You must call to make dinner reservations a day ahead of time at 8AM. A lot of times they don't answer the phone until 8:15. Le Goumet was ok, La Gondola a step down and far from Italian, Mexican- horrible, steakhouse was okay, buffets- avoid. I had the jerk chicken at Le Gourmet and it was pretty good so we decided to book there again, but we had a 7:30 am excursion the next day so we asked the girl at the restaurant if we could come back on Friday and she said she would get us in, and when we came back two days later she remembered us and let us right in. Super.Excursions: Carribean festival boat ride was cool. Did some snorkeling but it was a little too crowded and everyone seemed on top of each other once we got in the water due to the other boats going to the same area. Also went into a nurse shark cage swimming with them. A lot of fun. There is a shop on the beach and they were a bit pushy trying to get us to buy stuff. Another excursion was the Saona island excusions which was great. We were taken their by catamaran and were lucky enough to be approached by a group of dolphins-simply beautiful. The beach was nice and there was food and drinks there. I stuck to just beer because I didn't want to get sick again. Then they take you on a speedboat to a point off the coast where you are in waist deep water, but quite aways out at sea off of DR. Really cool. Last you stop off at a mini shopping center on the bus ride back with not much of a selection. The people in the shop seemed nice and weren't pushy. An hour and a half bus ride(at least) each way. About an 11 hour day.The short comings of the room and the food were balanced out by the great people, scenery, and excursions. If I knew I wouldn't get sick I would go back in a heartbeat, but like Mexico, the DR did not agree with my stomach. We met another couple who actually was on their honeymoon and they were placed by the construction, then moved to a room where the shower wasn't working, then moved somewhere else due to another problem which escapes my mind at the moment. The also had the same problem at check in that we did. I also heard people at the pool complaining about the delayed check in as well. Plus they were going as groups, but separated and situated all over the hotel property. Two of their kids were given a room and when they entered the room there was couple in bed already in the room!!! Again, this was not the most organized operation, so you might want to double lock your door while you are in your room. If you do decide to go, bring a lot of $1 bills- they go a long way. Change of bigger bills is a pain to get because you have to go to the bank by the lobby.Liquor seemed more expensive than other islands I've been too(St. Thomas, Barbados, Antigua, PR, Dominica, and Turks). Aruba was more expensive though;) Have fun!  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Beach Let me start by saying this was one of the cleanest most beautiful beaches I ever seen!I was at this resort during the month of March. I expected nothing but fun in the sun and to an extent that is what I got. However, it was not without complications because right off the bat my luggage was lost. Advise to all travelers, pack at least 3 outfits in your carry on because that is how long it will take to get your suitcase delivered. Do not expect speedy help from the airline or the organizer, they are irrelevant down there. There are no local numbers for luggage recovery on the airline, the organizer was nonchalant to the claims. Also, don't even bother buying the phone card which you still can't use to make a long distance call from the room. Just remember your carryon.The free drinks made from fresh fruit is not true at all. All drinks are overly sweetened with concentrated juices and there is no alcohol at all unless you go make nice with the bartender (big tips).The food was the biggest disappointment. Seven restaurants and seven nights of horrible horrible food. By the fifth night I was content to eat the snacks I bought from the gift shop as a meal. I understand that they must cater to several different palates but that should not be synonymous with no flavor. I can't think of one good thing to say about it.The people trying to sell time shares is the most annoying thing ever. They hassle you at every stop and not just once, it was a constant throughout the entire trip. The people working for the resort trying to make sure you have a fun vacation are annoying too. My vacation was about sun and beach, I didn't want to play their games and I was harassed on more than one occasion to do so.Last and most importantly -- if you're a person of dark skin (black) like I am, you may want to think twice about this resort. You should be made to feel welcome when you're paying for a service, but I have to say that wasn't my experience at all. I had several uncomfortable experiences... sad.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>canada123
<Content>Pretty good vacation overall I stayed at the Melia for a week and just got back from it. I was pleasantly surprised as I was expecting the worse after reading all of the negative reviews.Grounds- Beautiful grounds. Everything is manicured, the grass is green, lots of lush vegetation, peacocks and flamingos birds and lots of tiny lizards. Fountains ect. Very picturesque but extremely HUGE. Service-This leave something to be desired. The front desk is a TOTAL DISASTER like what was mentioned in the other reviews. It took forever to check in and they can barely speak English. The bartenders always seemed to be in a bad mood and were always frowning. (Except for the odd few). The waitresses are the exception. They always seem to be smiling.The beach- It is fantastic. Beautiful clear blue ocean. It was windy a couple of days that I was there but when it is clear it is great for snorkelling. Temperature is perfect. Some tips: There is a train that drives around the resort. Some people said that it takes forever to come and is never on time but I found it extremely useful. The resort is HUGE. I took the train 3-4 times a day and never had to wait more than 5 minutes for it. Great for kids or the Elderly or anyone that might have a hard time getting around.Food- Overall I was happy with the food. The turrey buffet was my favourite which is right by the beach on the Caribe side. Don't go to the International buffett (close to one of the lobbys) It is disgusting. It is open until 5 am in the morning though so if you get hungry it is good but I would stay away from it. Also the La Gondola restuarant I would not go to either. It is barely edible. My favourite is the Japanese Restuarant. If you can't get through to the reservation line (which happens alot) go to the guest service guy at the front lobby and get him to make you reservations. This is the only way that we could get them.Shopping- This one was a surprise to me. I was told not to buy things from people at the beach but these people LOVE to bargain and you can get some sweet deals there. Make sure you go to the market down on the left side when you are facing the beach. I found them to be very flexible unlike the people at the actual resort. And make sure you bargain. Alot of these people start there prices off with absurd amounts like $100 US dollars for a painting when you can really walk away with one for like $35.00The best part of the trip for me was the 4 wheeling adventure. If you do get a chance to do this make sure you take it. It is $55.00 and it is so worth the ride. 3 hours total and you will have a blast. You can fit 2 people on the 4 wheelers and then you can swim in a cave. You also get to 4wheel on a beautiful beach too and they take you right into town.Rooms- I wouldn't say they are 5 star rooms but they were okay. The fridge was only ever stocked with sprite, pepsi and water. no liquor.And of COURSE we got stuck right smack in the front of the construction zone. I have to say though that all we ever heard is people hammering away and that to me is not enough to warrant a room change. Also the last 4 days that we were there they must have moved on to the next time shares that they are building as we never saw them again. All in all I really enjoyed my trip minus the awful service and the bout of sickness I had (me and about 7 other people in our group). I would reccomend it to people. We looked at the other resorts close to ours via the beach and they didn't even come close to comparision to this one. I will probably never go back to the Dominican because I have already been there twice and beacuse of the fact that I did get quite sick but this seems to be common among anyone who goes down there no matter what resort they stay at but for anyone who is going down there this is a good resort to choose from.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Golf Suites were excellent Hello,My wife and I had some concerns regarding this resort after reading some of the previous reviews. We can understand it is possible to have things go wrong in any environment and our review is not an attempt to discredit any previous negative reviews.We have to speak as we find and our experience at the Melia Golf Suite section was excellent. The Golf suites, with there own check-in desk and on site management, are located right on the Golf course away from the beach. We are not beach people so that was not an issue. We did visit the beach and pool bars located there. Had a great time there!!The Suites are the top end facilities available at the Melia and are worth the extra costs in our opinion. They have a small swiming pool and there own pool bar with excellent service. In addition, breakfast was brought to the villa each morning. Breakfast could be ordered the day before or early that morning. There is a resturant located at the villas that serve snack foods during the day. A chef and waiter were on duty throughout the day. The accomdation, Villa 4 # 7045 was very clean. The staff were very friendly. We are of the opinion that there are more English speaking persons available at the Golf suites than in other parts of the establishment. This makes a big difference.Transportation was no problem with a driver available from 8am to 3am to transport us to and from the Golf suites to any other part of the resort. The transportation service was quick, friendly and entertaining. Just call 6511.The telephone service is first rate.The main resort (Caribe  Tropical) is very large, covering a big area. The resort is actually 3 resorts in one, the Caribe, the Tropical and the Golf Suites. The TRopical and Caribe are identicial and that can be confusing. The site is well maintained, very clean and attractive.The resturants, that you must book in advance, were not bad with the Japanese being our best choice. We did not experience any problems with food quality. We only drank bottled water. The management at the Golf Suites made our dinner reservations for the entire week. They did all they could to satisfy any needs we had.If you want to spend a quite week and relax, without much grief, in a very secure environment, we would recommend staying at the Melia Golf Suites. Sid  Bernice  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One week was too little! We discovered this website AFTER we had booked the Melia and we were slightly concerned after reading some of the reviews. There was nothing to worry about. Spotlessly clean, very efficient, great food. True, not many of the staff are fluent in English, but the ones you need to be are. With all the other staff, a little patience, a smile and a few words of Spanish ( especially please and thank you ) went a long way. Contrary to what we had read, the staff did not constantly have their hands out for tips, and when we willingly gave a tip for good service it was gratefully acknowledged. We had read complaints about the food. The specialty restaurants varied from good to excellent. (We did not have time to try the Chinese or the Steak House.) True, the beef and pork are not as tender as we North Americans are used to, but that is the reality of the country. All food was very well cooked and the only problem we had was eating too much of it. At the buffets, the hot food was very hot and the cold well chilled with an extensive variety. Those who stated that they could not find anything acceptable should stay home and go to McDonalds or Dennys. We read comments that the cold meats on the buffet had a sheen to them. What else would you expect in a hot, humid climate when the food is well chilled. It's called condensation! People who claimed that they got sick there ate or drank too much, got too much sun, or were dumb enough to drink the tap water. Bottled water was readily available at all of the bars and restaurants as well as in your room. Both of the large pools are huge and free form. There are two smaller pools adjacent to the two beach restaurants (where breakfast and lunch are served ) and two more at fitness centres. We had no problems with the speed of service although it should be mentioned that the hotel was not full as we were somewhat off-season. The only problem we had, caused by the previous occupant of our room who left the electronic safe closed with his combination in it, was looked after by the staff in less than one half hour of our call. Note that there is a small charge for the safe. This is not a resort for those who want many organised activities. There were no staff pestering you to join in. We considered this a bonus. Speaking of pestering, we had read that timeshare/vacation club salespeople were very persistant and annoying. Yes they were there, but a polite  no thank you was sufficient. It should be noted that if you have a low tolerance for young children, this is not the resort for you. Since they have extensive children's facilities there were a fair number of them there. We rated this resort four out of five for this website, but perhaps four and a half would be more accurate.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tnulty
<Content>Melia take it or leave it Having just returned from the Melia Caribe, I felt compelled to do others a service and provide you my opinion. On the positive side, the grounds, pool and beach are second to none. The resort is very large so where you are located matters, unless you do not mind long walks to points of interest within the resort. Our weather for the week had too much rain every day for this far into the carribean. However, the hotel does not control the weather but they do control the service they offer. Americans are a demanding bunch, probably because we have high expectations for the standard of living in the USA. However, I believe hotels are in the hospitalilty business because they know service. However, this is not the case at the Melia. If your expectations are low, than things will be fine. We arrived late and were splilt away from out teenage kids in two separate buildings. I will simply say that the front desk has no process and seem to be confused. You need to ask at least 3 times to get what you deserve so I was back the next day and finally on the second night was able to finally move my family to the same building. Melia has some 40 separate buildings and I would recommend 26 through 36 as the best places ot stay. Getting reservations in the restuarant's is nothing less than impossible. The weird thing is if you do get them, and you show up, it seems like the restaurants are half emptied which suggest their reservation system does not work. Serivice in the retaurants and bars was very inconsistent. I found a few american dollars goes far to change attitudes, but this does not seem to be right. Rooms are missing different amenties. Some have irons, others have clocks, still others have working AC. Getting a refresh of towels every day seem to be a hit or miss type of opportunity.The resort lost power for 4 hours on the second day and this only added to thedrama of getting a restuarnat reservation, switching rooms and being able to get into your room. I never figured out the safe in the room despite following directions. As a result, I carried all my valuables with me all the time. The food was inconsistent and by the third day, I was sick of the same stuff at breakfast and lunch.The fruit drinks were not good but I must say I did like the DP beer el presidente.My recommednation is that if you go with a group and have fairly low expectations, can put up with confused and inconsistent service and want to be surrounded by beautiful grounds, and are getting a good deal, than Melia may be an option. For me, I will not return as I have been to other places in the Carribean that know how to do service.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sue1021
<Content>Travel Agent Review Before you travel to the Dominican Republic (regardless of where you stay) you need to understand that the area has not been a tourist attraction very long. They are still on working on some things. There is a language barrier (because you are the foreigner). The customer service is not ideal. Going to town is not a good idea. It is not perfect yet, but it is a very beautiful area that is on it's way. The exception to this is the Melia. Don't waste your money or your time. I will not send one of my clients to the the Melia unless they begged. There are plenty of other great resorts in the area that are around the same price or less. I have never seen such a rude staff. The people trying to sell items on the beach were more pleasant than any staff I ran into. Every bad review you have read is true. The food is a joke. As well as the reservation system. I could tell our room was one that didn't get used often. The balcony door would not open and mainteance never came to fix it. Yet they were walking out of our room every time we would walk up to the door. I still don't know why. But $2 a day for the safe kept me from getting robbed apparently. You need to pay money to keep your things. There was mold on the ceiling. Our maid didn't do so well either. For some reason she took some of my clothing with the dirty towels. I never did get them back. Even upon first impression, when we checked in; we were being served champagne, yet the person behind the counter never look us in the eye or smiled because he was busy talking to someone else behind the counter (that person was of course checking someone is as well). Some things that are good about the property, the beach and the pool. The pool is great and suprisingly clean. The beach, while not too clean is good for walking and the sand is soft.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back We went here as a family vacation with our children, ages 18 and 8 at the time. We were told in advance to tip the maid $5US among our arrival. So we did and asked for a few extra towels. Well, not only did we get a LOT of towels daily, our fridge was always stocked, she cleaned our room immediately after we left to breakfast each day. Service was great! They were very helpful with setting up excursions for us. Our kids had a great time. The oldest was able to drink alcoholic bvgs there since he was 18 and that is the legal drinking age, unlike the state we live in which is 21. So he had a ball! Our daughter loved the pool, beach, facilities. Dinner was great with the exception at one restaurant that took forever to wait on us. We had a fabulous time at the shows. We really could not have had a better time!! We're definitely planning a return visit.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort - Don't Believe the Bad Reviews I'm not gouing to waste anyone's time. Melia caribe Tropical:Excellent Food, Good Selection - Do the 8:00am call for a la carte if that's what you prefer - We weren't denied once in the 7 nights we were thereExcellent ServiceFriendly StaffNice Room - Couldn't get our safe to work but we locked valuables up in our suitcases.Beautiful Grounds (they are as big as everyone says) - helps to walk off the food an drinks thoughBeautiful Calm BeachNight Life was Slow - More of a couples resort and family resortAlthough they didn't pose a problem for us, there were many children on the resort so be ready to deal with that Definately one of the nicest resorts I've been too. Great value, would definately go back if we decide to return to the DR  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Chandler-5
<Content>Wonderfully surprised Our visit exceeded our expectaions and was certainly NOT consistent with many of the reviews we had seen on this site. We were at Melia from 4-15 to 4-22 with 3 children and 2 adults. With the exception of a slight misunderstanding at check in, we had a WONDERFUL vacation! The staff was extremely accomodatiing and always did their very best to make you feel welcome and comfortable. You have to remember this is NOT AMERICA!!!!You are in the Dominican...and on vacation....relax. The resort is BIG but you should know that going in to your trip. The food is very good and getting reservations at the various restaurants is not as difficult as people lead you to believe. We were there 6 nights and got reservations 3 nights and decided we liked the buffet for the other 3. Our favorite restaurant was the French, La Mason, great food and good service. The pool bars are great, plenty of choices but don't expect powerful drinks....but you can have as many as you like! The beach is wonderful, plenty of chairs and great watersports. The kids club is not expansive but it is well staffed (most important) with great people and it's safe. We highly recommend this resort as great value for the money and as skeptics....maybe like you....we were very impressed and will definitely go back next year. Have fun, know the resort is big, exercise is fine, and relax. You'll have a great time.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fox40
<Content>Melia - could try harder My husband and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical April 1 -8. We love Punta Cana and the people of the Dominican, however the Melia did not meet our expectations. It's a very large resort, too large. Plan to do a lot of walking. The walkways are not condusive to high heels, so wear comfortable shoes. The food was not too bad and we found the buffets offered a wide variety. We did not like being hounded by the staff trying to sell the timeshare. That seemed to be everyone's main goal. They were pushy and intrusive. I found that the resort skimped on the inexpensive things. While our room was nice and the maid did a wonderful job, the minibar was never stocked with anything more than water. Come on! How much more would it cost to add a few beers and sodas each day? I also thought it was pretty bad to charge us $2 a day for use of the safe. If Melia wants me to buy into their vacation club they sure are going about it the wrong way!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Is someone playing a joke on us???? Where do i begin. Went to the Melia expecting a grand time and also anticipating 6 wonderful days of sun, fun and relaxtion. Because of all the problems we encountered, we were home in 3 days. Home never looked so good!! The staff at Melia coudn't have been more rude and inconsiderate, it was quite obvious that their people skills are more than below average. Upon checking in, they understood little or no english which made it almost impossible to commuicate with them. Upon entering our first room, Oh did i mention that we were in 4 rooms in less than 24 hours?? Upon entering room #1 we found that the air conditiong was not working, the temp. in the room was like a boiler room. After trying our best to rectify this problem ourselves, we contacted the front desk telling them the problem we had, and they referred us to call a different ext. which we did, after approximatley 15min of being on the phone trying to get someone to understand that we did not have air conditiong, someone finally came down to our room and looked at it and said  that it was working fine at this point after looking at the thermostat, the thermostat was reading 87 degrees in our room. Oh yes but everything is fine!!! I dont think so. Well after approximatley 2 hours of complaining about room #1, they swithced us to room #2. Guess what?? Same exact problem. But once again they assured us everything was fine. At this point i thought someone is playing a very cruel joke on us, after sitting there for what seemed like forever for someone to come and fix it, we landed up falling asleep for the night. At approxiamatley 2:00 am i awoke to go to the bathroom, as i placed my feet on the floor to get up, my feet were submered in approximatley 6 inches of water. I thought i was dreaming, but i wasn't!! Our room had flooded. To add insult to injury the water was coming up from the toilet and flooding the room. My husband proceeded to once again call the front desk and tell them what was happening. The guy told him we will be their in 5 minutes. One hour later they came. We finally get into room #3. Wow this room was much larger and guess what?? It did have air conditioning. After finally settling in, we fell back asleep at about 4:00 am. The phone is ringing at around 5:30 am telling me  that they are coming to get us out of the room, because the owner was on sight and this room was alot more money then we originally had paid for. I told him  that he had to be kidding after what we went through, but guess what? They weren't kidding and they promptly came and got our stuff and put us in room # 4. At this point we realized that we had made a huge error in coming to the Melia Caribe Tropical, contacted our Travel Agent and got the next flight out, which happened to be two days later. I can't begin to convey how horrible our time was and what a waste of time and money we had spent on what we thought was going to be an incredible vacation. If one person reads this and decides that this is not the place for them, then i definaltly accomplished what i set out to do.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>kathyknapp
<Content>Loved the Melia Just returned from the Melia Tropical on 4/9/05. Just want to say our stay was great. The property is huge and the walk during the day could seem hot, so the train came in handy a few times. But we didn't gain any weight with all the food we ate.The food was great at all of the restaurants we ate at, the buffets (still missing them) were fantastic my 10 year old had no problem eating at any meal and he can be very picky. I felt very pampered at this resort, I don't mind getting my own drinks, either at the pool or the beach. The room was fine for the 4 of us but we did get them to bring us an extra bed for our 15 year old, he is tall, and the sofa bed with his 10 year old brother just wasn't getting it, the king size bed was fine, so our room became a little crowded because of the extra bed but we didn't spend much time in it.The shows were ok but wouldn't always say age appropriate for younger kids, had mine asking a few ??. Water aroebics in the pool, the kids played basketball, and absolutely loved the climbing wall. It was open from 4-5:30 and we went from day 2 until the the last day because they liked the challenge. The dive people were good. My husband ands son got certified for open water diving, but they said there really wasn't much to see. We also went snorkeling and were a bit disappointed in the dieing coral. Punta Cana is not really a diving destination I hear there are better areas to dive in.We had no trouble with the service everyone was very accomadating and helpful, we didn't have any problems with anyone or anything. Our room was cleaned very nicely daily Ramone even managed to get us 4 extra pillows and the bed so that was great, I did leave him an extra tip for the pillows though because we really appreciated that. We had a microwave and blender I really don't know why you would need this beacuse it was all inclusive.Had a wonderful massage at the spa that was worth every penny.All in all I would go back in a minute we enjoyed every part of this facility.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bellaspiagga
<Content>"Wonderful" My Boyfriend, another couple, and myself stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical 4-6 to 4-11. Let me start by saying that the resort is the most beautiful place I had ever seen. We have traveled all over the Carribean such as Cancun, Acapulco, and The Bahamas. But I have never seen such lavish gardens, palm trees, and a set up of the rooms as if it were a private town. We arrived to Punta cana airport at around 11:00 am. No lines and smiles everywhere!! They take your picture as you enter the gates which you can purchase when you come home. The airport is just so cute!! The Hotel is divided into two sections. The Caribe side and the Tropical side. Both are exactly the same in set up, though small touches make them different. We stayed on the caribe side in bungalow #30. For us, it was the perfect location. There is construction going on so try not to stay in #41-45 or #31-36.. # 29, 30 and 24-28 I thought were the best location. We liked the Caribe side. (If you go to ---- there is a map) The grounds are so large! Prepare to walk!! There is a little train that picks u up every fifteen mimiutes, but be ware, it only takes you to certain areas. For example, the yellow trains are for the caribe side and the blue trains are for the tropical side. So for the Caribe lobby, with the casino and most of the restaurants, (which was near our room), the train conviently took us there. But if you want to go to the tropical lobby, with the better lobby bar, more dancing, and gift shop, you need to take the train to the Carie lobby and walk to the Tropical lobby. Both lobbies are about a 7 min. walk. With all the beautiful gardens, we didnt mind. There was so much wildlife!! Pellicans, tripical birds, peacocks even chickens!! Absolutely gorgeous.....As for the beach and pool. Each side has its own HUDGE pool with swim-up bar. The caribe side (ours) seemed to be busier and a littel nicer. The tropical had a flinestone theme with many children running around. So for us ages 24, 25, 25, and 30, the caribe pool was more up our alley. The pool is so beautiful!!! There is a spot in the middle of the pool where you can lay in about 1 foot of water and soak up the sun. The beach was probably the 2nd nicest beach next to Cancun. Fabulous!!!! Beware the Europeans go topless as they please. Its not always a pretty site!! One down fall aout the beach. No bar service....You have to walk up to the pool bar get a drink. Other than that lots of activities on the beach and simply divine waters!!As for the food. Ok, being from NY and owing an italian restaurant, We can be very picky about food. But knowing that were going to an all-inclusive, we didnt expect much. Well, we didnt get much either. For breakfast there were 3 choices. The caribe turrey(buffet), The tropical turrey(buffet), and the International buffet located near the other restaurants. All basically the same, breads, bagels, pastries.....Stick to the egg omlets(all prepared fresh in front of you)....That seemed to be our major concern. The freshness of the foood. IT bothers me that certain foods sit out for hours in the hot temps. Be Careful!!! Lunch: Same choices as above....but we found the last day the Gondola(italian restaurant) had an indor buffet. We likeed the fact the food was indoors out of the heat. Still ok.... Dinner: The japaneese restaurant was the best. Terriaki chicken and sushi was awesome...fried rice was great!!! We ate there twice. The chinese rest. was awful........The gondola was ok(italian).....we didnt eat anywhere else. Nightlife.....Well the casino is small but fun...it had the only tv in any of the lobbies or bars. (the guys wanted to see the yankee game)..Our lobby(caribe) had no night life......the tropical lobby was fun though....Every night there was a live band playing bachata, merengue, salsa, and cha-cha-...Got a little tired of it night after night. No american music(disco or club music) But it was still fun. All in all we loved our vacation. The beaches and pool were amazing. Service was great( both of the guys spoke fluent spanish so it definately hepled). And we didnt want to leave. We would definately return, maybe with more people. Loved this trip!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wkndtrvl
<Content>family fun we just got back from the dominican on tues 4/5/05. we are a family of 5 - husband/wife and 3 girls ages 14, 7 and 6. we read all the reviews and decided that everyone has something to complain about something and we were very leary about travelling to the dominican . . .let alone the melia property. let me tell you what our experience was and some tips for those thinking about travelling to the beautiful dr. upon our arrival at the melia we had no problem checking in or having our luggage delivered to our 2 adjacent rooms in about a 1/2 hour (join the my mas card at the melia website for additional perks). we got our 5 towel cards at the front desk and were advised that if we lost the cards we were responsible for their replacement cost ($15). we also got towels every day from the towel supply without a hassle or without them running out! the pools are great and the beaches are better than i imagined (and i have been to plenty of other exotic places). the staff at the resort are friendly and outgoing although their english is limited. make sure to make reservations for the restaurants early (b/n 8-10) on a daily basis because the food and service is superior to the buffet(s). we ate at the chinese rest, the japanese rest, and the italian rest. if you are from the ny area, don't expect ny-style food . . .it is okay but better than the buffet. you have to have the mindset to have fun!!! we came down to relax and enjoy the weather . . not eat gormet food. if you go into town. . . take a cab for $10 and go to the bavarro plaza. expect to negotiate prices with the shop keepers and/or workers. everything is negotiable. buy your cigars from one of the cigar vendors in the plaza . . . they are better quality. bring plenty of singles and don't be afraid to tip the people who take care of you. a $1 bill goes a long way. have fun, enjoy the property and don't believe everything you read. drink the bottle water that IS provided for you and be sure to request bottled water wherever you venture. PS there is construction on the property near the caribe desk area and to the north. try to stay in the 29 building or close to the caribe facilities to avoid excess noise. also take advantage of the horse and carriage we thought it was extra. and don't expect more than you're paying for!!! it is a very large property and walking may be required (although there is a shuttle to take you around eveery 15 minutes). the property is beautiful and walkable (even with children) so don't let that be an issue. we brought down every possible drugstore remedy and did not need one. . . but don't drink the tap water make sure it is bottled. even if they say it's bottled, insist on the bottle! i hope this review will help those on the fence about visiting the melia!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Go! My family and I just returned from a week at the Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana.The service was terrible! The staff were not accommodating, helpful or friendly at all! From the time we checked in to the time we left there were so many issues. We met our friends there and we were supposed to have adjoining room. At check in we were told there were none available that day but we could switch to them the next day. I asked repeatedly if it would be done for us. They assured us they would move our luggage etc. and we would pick up key at the front desk that afternoon. In the meantime we checked into our rooms. There was no crib for my daughter. When we went to use the safe it would not activate. We called and were told it is activated at check in and it is a $2.00 a day charge to use it. We were not aware of the charge and not explained this at check in. They said they would activate it and it never happened. We went to the kids club to get a stroller. There were none available except this monsterous one that was falling apart and it was a $15 a day rental fee for it! We were also not told of this charge. We then called the front desk to check the status of our room change and it never happened. They had no idea what I was talking about. I gave the woman鈥檚 name and told them she wrote info in a notebook. I was put on hold for 15 min with no response so I hung up and called again another person told me I was misinformed and there were no adjoining rooms available at all for the rest of the week. When we booked the trip we made these arrangements. Our friends and I have small children and we were at opposite ends of the resort. We then requested at least to be closer to their room on the caribe side near beach and pool. They told us they could do that but they didn鈥檛. When I called again nothing had been done and nobody knew what I was talking about. No customer service at all. Not even an apology, a reassurance, or a smile! Instead we received attitude, blank faces, or rude remarks. We finally called our travel agent who requested our rooms, location, and cribs (which were not there and took 4hrs to get). Our travel agent called the hotel and it took her hours to get them to help us. She recommended we speak to Juan Carlos, the supervisor of guest services. We went to see him and he was helpful and friendly. He got us checked into our rooms on our 3rd day there. He requested the crib. The crib was not there but showed up before bedtime. He also got us a stroller and activated the safe both at no charge. The staff at the front desk are so rude and not helpful or accommodating. They don鈥檛 even smile. The guest services desk staff the same. The service at the buffet was terrible too. No highchairs to be found. We had to hunt them down. No coffee, water poured etc.We learned to just get our own stuff. They ran out of bottle water everywhere, or so they say. The timeshare people hounded us at the entrance of the buffet at every meal. It was so frustrating. We repeatedly told them no. They were so persistent we had to yell at them. Getting dinner reservations was almost impossible. We had to call everyday at 8am and it was busy. Even the service at the restaurants, were not good but they were better than the buffets. Our husbands had difficulty getting t-times for golf so they called Juan Carlos who set up a t-time and when the arrived at the course the t-time was only for one person. After much struggle they finally got on.The kids club was nice but would not leave my kids there. People left their kids there crying and the staff just sat there didn鈥檛 know what to do. They didn鈥檛 play much with the little kids (under 4yr). The older kids 5-12yr activities seemed ok. The housekeeping wasn鈥檛 good either. Even after tipping them the sheets were not changed, sometimes no clean towels, and floors not swept.Our husbands went to the jewelry store to purchase something and when my husband went to pay with credit card the man said 鈥測ou don鈥檛 have cash?鈥?鈥測our friend give you cash?鈥?鈥測ou have cash in your room?鈥?My husband said he wanted it on his credit card and the man said the line was not working. Probably wanted to cheat the money exchange. Even when you go to buy something you hit a brick wall!The resort and its facilities were beautiful and great. The beach, pool, and rooms we had were nice. The weather was great too. We鈥檝e stayed at many 5 star all-inclusive resorts in Jamaica, Mexico, St Lucia, Turks  Caicos, and NEVER experienced service this bad. The resort staff, have no simple customer service skills and do not know how to cater to people. There were so many other guests complaining about the service. They thought maybe it was the communication barrier because the staff knew little or no English. I speak fluent Spanish and still got nowhere.The food at the buffet was average. No chicken. A lot of pork or beef. The food at the restaurants were better. The Japanese was really good but even the 鈥渟how鈥?the chef put on was not as good as other resorts. Despite the bad service we managed to have a good time and returned with a tan. You live and learn and next time we will spend the money and go to Beaches.Do not bother going to Punta Cana at all unless you don鈥檛 mind doing everything yourself!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would go back Just returned after spending the Easter Vacation week. Don't believe everything you read. Some people are very picky and would not be happy anywhere. We absoulutley loved the Melia Caribe and would go back. I do have to add that my husband speaks spanish and that did make things a lot easier. I did see some people having problems at check in, we were supposed to be with our friends and called ahead of time to confirm. It did not work out that way but it was ok. Buildings 25 and 26 are the best location for the pool and beach and buffet. If you are in the beach location you can easily walk to and from the pool and take the train for dinners and to go to the main lobby at night. We enjoyed the walk back at night sometimes to walk off our meals. The buffets are not fantasic but you can find something to eat at all meals. They always have a pasta station with 3 sauces. The desserts are fantastic. We were lucky to get into the ala carte resturants 5 nights (again because of my husbands spanish and tipping a few bucks) We Loved the chinese, went twice, loved the Japanese, the Italian was good. The french was good but check the menu ahead of time to see if there is something you like. These people are very poor, it surely helps to tip to get good service. We always gave $1 at buffets when we sat down tips and a smile help. If you think of how much you spent to go on this trip a $1 here and there wont kill you. We took $100 in singles and some $5 for tips. We also tipped the maid $3-4 each morning. The beach is WONDERFUL. We played volleyball with people from all around the world every day. Go and book your boats when you get there they do book up. Small tips help here too. Shops on the beach are fun. They give you a price for things but you need to bargain, you should pay maybe half or less. They could get pushy just push back. The horse back riding trip was wonderful. There were 10 in our group and we went with about 20 people. It went through an area of some houses, then woods and then on the beach. Go on the sunset ride, they will take your camera and take a picure of your family. It was fantastic. Ask for King by the pool to book it. Tell him Nicoles family from NJ sent you. The parasailing was also great, see Pedro on the beach. There is not much night life, but from the sun and water most people are tired and we found it ok. The shows are ok, some better than others. If you dont speak spanish I suggest you learn some before you go or bring a book with you. It will come in handy. Bring lots of suntan lotion, advil, tylenol, amodium D (just in case) these things are very expensive there. Also snacks like pretzels, chips... We had a flight out at 9:00PM so we had the whole day for the beach. Ck out time is 12:00 no exceptions so they will hold your luggage. Beware, there is only 1 shower in the lobby and it gets VERY busy so leave yourself plenty of time. Enjoy your vacation, rememnber you are in another country and things are done at a slower pace, relax and don't sweat the small things.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation! My husband and I, along with two young children, stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical for a week at the end of March '05. This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic. We have stayed at an all-inclusive in Cancun twice before (Moon Palace). The weather was wonderful and we had a great time. If you are looking for fun in the sun, this is the place to go. We spent every day at the pool or beach area.Room: Our room was clean and spacious. Our bungalow was in the Caribe side about mid-way between the lobby/restaurant and pool/beach. This location suited us fine. We didn't hear any construction noise but then again, we didn't have a room next to where they are building the new resort.Service: We really don't have any big complaints (except at the Steakhouse). I agree that service (getting your drink order) can be slow at the buffet restaurants but it didn't really bother us. The staff was attentive at the a la carte restaurants. We gave a few dollars tip because of the great service (except the Steakhouse). However, we did not feel pressure into tipping at all. A lot of people didn't tip and were treated just as well.Food: Food was average. The fresh juice selection for breakfast was great. The a la carte dining provided a nice change. However, it was kind of a hassle to phone your reservation for the following day. We ate at 5 a la carte restaurants (Pagoda, Le Gourmet, Capri, Ma Maison, Steakhouse). The service at the Steakhouse was the slowest. We waited for 20-30 minutes for dessert. When asked about it, the staff would say un momento. We left before the dessert came (if it ever did). Grounds: The gardens and grounds were beautiful. As mentioned in other reviews, this resort is very large. We road the train a lot around/around because our kids thought it was fun. It really wasn't too bad to walk from one place to another but the train was a nice option since it was very hot.Pool/Beach: The pool area was nice although not as beautiful as the Moon Palace. There were plenty of lounge chairs and palapas. The white sandy beach was nice too. Workers cleaned the beach of seaweed every morning.Overall, our experience was very positive. There were a lot of timeshare people but we avoided them or said 'no thanks' when approached. It is true that very little English was spoken among the guests. We heard a lot of Spanish, French, and German. We would recommend the Dominican Republic and the Melia Caribe Tropical. However, we are not sure if we would return to this hotel since we like to experience different resorts.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont waste your time Do yourself a favor and dont book a trip here!! The service is flat out horrible this applies to about 85% of the staff( there were a few good people working there). Examples are too many too list, but i can say making dinner reservations and tee times is a hassle. The employees either dont understand english, or pretend not too either way they are very unhelpfull and quick to have an attitiude, they basically dont care. The rooms were nice and the grounds and beach were beautifull, but thats about it for this place. I have been too many other great places, this certainly is not one of them. Dont make the same mistake I made!!!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>shinerandzappa
<Content>Moldy nightmare!! My Huband and I traveled from CT. to Punta Cana to stay at the MeliaCaribe. What a mistake!! We arrived late at night and did not notice until thenext morning that we had a view of a half erected cement bldg instead ofbeautiful gardens or the beach. We also noticed that all of our upholsteredfurniture was moldy.(we were in bldg #35) We thought if we explained this to the front desk or to desk services it would be taken care of immeditately, but not in Punta Cana!! It took us almost 3 days to move. The second room was better but still nothing great for a 5 apple resort!!! The food was just ok, they did try but nothing compared to food at home. Calling every morning to book the next nights dinner reservations was a real pain. The up side to our trip was we met a lot of nice people, (Mark and Melissa)(Dave) (and the nice family from Minnesota).The resort itself was pretty, and the weather was sunny and hot. However the rooms, the food and the service really put a damper on things. The whole time we kept thinking, we should have spent the addtional 1kand went to Aruba!!! Or better yet stay in the States and have the servicethat we are all used too!! We spent $2700 and trust me it wasn't worth it.If you go, enjoy and stay away from bldg #35.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel - beautiful, service - bad!!! We just returned from a seven day trip to the Melia Caribe. We loved the facilities - the grounds, lobby bar, pool, spa and beach. They were wonderful. The photos on the web do not do the resort justice. Even the restaurant food was above average to good.I have to say we will never recommend or return to the Melia Caribe due to their lack of service. In fact, at times they were down right rude. We have never seen anything like it! It was so frustrating at times but we tried to make a joke out of it so it did not ruin our vacation. It started at check in when we made the 15 minute walk to our room (after a very long day of traveling) to find that our electronic key did not work. My husband walked back to the front desk where they recoded the key and handed it back to him without looking up or saying anything - not even a quick I'm sorry. There were very long lines at the pool bar and they even ran out of bottled water one day and ran out of clean towels a couple of days - we were stuck with no beach towels those days. The service at the breakfast and lunch buffets was terrible. We had to ask the staff to clean off tables, flag them down (more than once) to get our drinks and overall the buffet food was just barely average. The restaurant reservation system is also terrible - you have to start calling at 8:00 in the morning - one morning we finally got a hold of someone at 8:25 to find out everything was full until 10:00 p.m. If they tell you this our best advice is to argue with them. We kept getting told that they were booked and would notice that most of the restaurants were half empty. I don't know if it was a staffing issue or what but it was very frustrating. I finally told them I would not accept that they were full and all of the sudden they had openings at the time we wanted - this was the most frustrating part for us.The topper was our friends contacted the hotel to send us a bottle of champagne and some fruit to celebrate our honeymoon. They were so unorganized we did not get their note until the last day of our stay and never got the champagne and fruit. It is a shame the service is so bad. If the service was half as nice as the actual facilities we would be back again for sure.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointing - I'll Be Honest........ I'll be honest, we didn't know what to expect after reading such conflicting reviews. Some rave about this place and others seem much less impressed. We were quite disappointed overall. The rooms are average - just average. I believe someone in another review compared it to a Hilton - not even close. I'd honestly compare it to a Holiday Inn. It was outdated and left a lot to be desired. The tub was quite annoying to get in and out of. The bathroom floor was always flooded from the shower. The rooms/bathrooms are in need of renovation. As for the food - yikes - where do I start?! The buffets were average at best. The restaurants were near impossible to get reservations at - they only allow you to make them 1 day in advance and are ALWAYS claiming to be fully booked. Yet, when you arrive for your reservation, the restaurant is more empty than full. Many empty tables. I think they do that to force you to go to the buffets (cheaper and easier for them!). The restaurants we did get into were okay - just okay - I can't rave about any of them. On another note, english is DEFINATELY the second language. I've traveled to many other places and they always have people who speak or at least underestand english! When we called service express - a spanish speaking person answered (on more than one occassion) and could hardly understand us. The things we called for were never fixed - basically just ignored. The spanish I learned in high school many moons ago came in very handy!!!As for the pools, they were great - spacious and nicely appointed. Swim up bars were fun - towels at the pool were always gone. We were told almost every day that we needed to return in an hour for towels. Annoying when you want to get to the pool or beach. How can you constantly run out?The lobby was nice - there are 2 of them - we went there each night after dinner for drinks. It took at least 20 minutes for a waitress to come over to us for a drink order. But we had lots of laughs and made the best of it.We did have a lot of fun - and got a great tan - we make the best of any situation - loved the beach/pools and thank god didn't spend much time in the rooms. Overall, don't expect great food or great accomodations and you won't be disappointed. I wasn't expecting a St. Regis or Four Seasons - I understand this is an all-inclusive - but the resort needs some updating ...and some better food!!!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Excellent! Can't wait to return! After reading so many reviews on resorts in Punta Cana, we decided that the Melia Caribe was going to be our choice. We went in expecting very little, but we guessed wrong. This place is simply charming...beautiful beach, great food choices and outstanding service! We had unbelievable weather..just gorgeous! We stayed on the Caribe side in block 33 and found it to be fine. We've stayed in better (and worse), however, the room was clean and comfortable. This is a BIG resort...and I heard many people complain about the amount of walking they had to do. Personally, we found it to be a positive. After a huge meal, a walk back to your room is a good thing! For those not able/willing to walk the distance...a train shuttle appears every 10-15 minutes. We even saw a horse-drawn carriage ride, that was included in the price. We went during the end of Holy Week...but still managed to snorkel, sea kayak and parasail (tandem). The food was very good. We ate at Capri and the Gondola only because our visit was short (6 days). The buffets are great...we found the Terre (nearest to the beach) a bit more casual than the buffet nearest the lobby. Honestly, if anyone complains about the food here, you have a serious problem. There are so many varieties to choose from! There are some flies around the buffet areas...but I also find them at our house at picnics....nothing to freak out over. The resort has a good gym in which to get a decent workout. The casino was a lot of fun...equiped with a pool table as well. Let me tell you that the staff here is superior! Everyone was friendly and helpful to us. Anyway, we truly enjoyed our stay. We are booking over 10 rooms next year and bringing people with us because we just had so much fun! If anyone would like specific information...please feel free to e-mail us and maybe we could help out! Hope the review helped!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mom2sandc
<Content>A nice vacation Grounds-beautifulBeach-lovelyFood-just fine-no problems with choice, ala carte restaurants were just fine. We liked all our meals. Liked Capri and La Pagoda-couldn't get in to HokaidoActivities-need schedule and more to do. We were bored at night...dinner and nothing following. Would have enjoyed dancing or a good show...shows were not good.Negatives-annoying time share people...stopped us at every meal, on the beach, in the lobby.Room-nothing spectacular...just a normal roomHope this helps  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>citronusa
<Content>Pleasantly surprised After reading the iffy reviews, we were braced for some aggrevation.Those who complained surely have not stayed in an all-inclusive resorts. Do not let those reviews deterr you from staying here. Understand that the accomdations level in these places are not Ritz/4Season, but they are equivallent to upscale Hyatt resorts. What you can appreciate in these establishments is not carting around your wallet or needing cash anywhere. There are an array of activities and choices any time of day or night. We have stayed in several all-inclusives, and also stayed in very exclusive world class beach resorts; so we have a well-rounded perspective. (The highest level all-inclusive is Beaches in Turkes  Caicos, but also it is $3K-$5K more) After Beaches, this was my familys favorite all-inclusive. It is actually the one of most beautiful resorts we have ever seen, and we've been to many. This property has 11 restaurants from which to choose for dinner, they share property with their sister hotel The Melia Tropical, so it makes no difference where you stay. Ask for a room in the 25 or 26 section, as that is the best proximity to the beach, pool and spas. Understand that no all-inclusive will permit you to check-in earlier than your check-in time, so bring shorts and a bathing suit in a carry-on and relax. Often by the time you arrrive in these ilsands, it is nearly check in time anyway (look for Edwin at the front desk, he will take the best care of you). We had read on this site that if you don't tip everyone, you won't get anything. This is NOT true. We needed an extra rollaway bed, and although it took a while for them to get it there, no one expected a tip, and it was delivered with a smile. I suggest leaving $5 for the housekeeping staff on your first day with a note of your preferences (extra towels, etc) and they will take good care of you. If you bother to tip the bar tenders, they see so many everyday, it is unlikely they will even remember you; so save your $$. Since the resort requests that you only frequent the speciality restaurants each no more than twice, it makes no sense trying to tip the maitre'de. They are pleasant and helpful regardless. In so far as reservations in the specialty restaurants, this was a bit of a pain. You are only permitted to make advance reservations as far as tomorrow night's dinner. They begin answering the phone at 8am. By 8:30, many reservations are closed out. Do not dispair if they tell you that they only have 6pm or 9:30 available. Here is why: many people blow off their reservations and so at most, the restaurants are 3/4 full, even during prime season. We had 9:30 reservations and showed up at 8 with an apologetic smile and begged we are just starving, any way you can seat us? No problem. Our favorites were the Gourmet Restaurant, the italian, and the steakhouse. Everyone raved about the french, but we found it to be mediocre and limited. The Japanese was exactly what one would expect, but it was fun b/c it is very social as you are seated with several other parties. The Chinese was hands down the least impressive, tho service was lovely. There are two huge buffet restauarants by the two main pools which serve breakfast and lunch. They serve fresh fruit, salads, carvings, pastas, and specials everyday. They even offer eight different kinds of fresh fruit juice each morning. There is a wait staff to provide drinks and fresh silverware. Each of these restaurants are open air and provide lovely views of the beach and ocean. The resort is absolutely huge, and there is a train to take people from the lobby/restaurant area back to the rooms beach and pools. It is only a six minute walk and we walked mostly because the resort is so beautiful and there were so many interesting birds and creatures along the way. The tennis courts are on the outside of the lobby, so it is not as convenent, but the tennis pro is accomodating and always has well-trained staff to play if you need a partner. They even hosted a tennis tournement which my husband and daughter played in while we were there. Like all large beach resorts, you will need to rush early to put your towel on a select chair by the pool or on the beach, but this hotel has a sign saying that if you leave that chair for more than an hour, someone else is entitled to use it. Our room was clean and large. If you have more than two people in your room you will have to improvise with the cabinetry for drawer space, but honestly it was no problem. The beaches were spectacular, and safe. One of the resort employees told me that it is illegal for residents to harass you into buying something. If you say no thank you, they must stop, and they all did. It is nothing like Jamaica, where you feel hounded and vulnerable. There are always activities, but the kids found that although there were alot of kids around, many did not participate. This is where Beaches Resorts did a better job, as they organized people better. But every afternoon on the beach, there was some kind of program like carnivals, olympics, dance contests, beach volleyball and the kids loved that. The staff was energetic and made everyone laugh. It is easy to get reservations at either spa, tho be aware that the spa on the Tropical side has more services than the one on the Caribe side (honestly there is just a 3 minute walk between them). Be aware, like most of these resort organizations, there are time share people. They are the most hounding, but if you firmly tell them that you are seriously not interested and don't want to be bothered, they will stop immediately. Still, my daughter and I actually did the time share talk for an hour one day as a break from the sun, while my husband and son were snorkeling, and got $100. in resort money that we used in the spa and to go parasailing. We loved this resort, and in seven nights didn't get to all the restaurants or all the activities it had to offer. We were NOT ready to leave!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honestly, we have been at better resorts We just arrived back from our 5th trip to Punta Cana on March 26th, (one week).Just to begin, this resort needs at new title for its guest service desk. Good Service is far from what you can expect. The room directly across from ours had to put towels down under the door because of RATS in their room. We were entertained by cockroaches and lizards in our room. We had a lizard in our bed during our second night. We stayed in 3700 Building. The rooms seemed nice until your bug buddies arrived.The food was average. The Chinese and Japense Restaurants were beautiful. My husband golfed and had nothing bad to say about the course. He actually thought that it was beautiful. I had a waitress accidentally spill red wine on my white beach bag, and it took two days before I could get William, (guest service representative) to take it and have it cleaned for me. In the meantime, he wanted to give me a plastic bag to carry around with me. Finally after requesting to see the Hotel Manager, he gave me a proper bag to replace my bag while it was at the cleaners. Yes, it came cleaned. (How did they ever get red wine out?)The beach is absolutely beautiful. The weather was wonderful everyday.I would not recommend this resort unless you get it at a really really good price!!!! We stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Golf Resort and other resorts previously and this resort cannot compare to them. I would rate this resort a 3+ and that is being generous.I wish that I would have known more about the negative issues with this resort, but until you experience it yourself, you have to go by what you read. Hope you enjoy your trip to Punta Cana !!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel food not great europeans rude hotel was great landscaped beautiful.The tram was no problem the weather was great .The food was not as good as the weather.The chinese and japanese were the best the gourmet and the italian was horrible.but then again i dont go away for the food if i want good food i will get it at home.The europeans were rude always cutting at buffets if they bump in to you they dont even apologize.Watch out if you are going with young children because the woman just ripp thier bikini tops right off at the pool and believe me some of them need to be wearing all there clothes.brought off for mosquitos.dont worry place is great just go with the flow your on vacation.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TheNanny
<Content>Tropical Disapointment My finace and I took a last minute trip to the Melia the week before March break to have a good look at the hotel and facilities; as it had made it to the top of our choice list for where we would get married this coming December 2005. Seeing that we are bringing along family and friends (and three children of our own) we wanted to be sure it had something for everyone. What a disappointment.This was our 5th, and most unpleasant trip to the Dominican thus far. In fact, we feel that there are so many more beautiful islands to see, that we will probably not return for a very long time.Our room, while kept very clean by the maid service, is in dire need of a makeover. It appears to be stuck in an 80's time warp.The buffets are all the same. Every single day - the same food repeated. The selection mediocre. By day four we were tired of eating. The specialty restaurants tried very hard. Our only complaint was the Italian. Could not eat my meal there.The beach, as everyone says is amazing. Truely the most beautiful beach in the Dominican. Nice and wide. Great for kids to play in the sand. Tons of chairs.The service/attitude from the front desk staff at the Melia was our greatest dissapointment. We asked to change rooms and were told 'Why? Your room is good?' No one wanted to listen to the fact that WE did not care for it's location directly in front of the Train Stop. When we arrived our fridge was empty and that took 3 calls to fix. Neither our deadbolt on the front door, nor the lock on the patio door worked. That took until day 3 to repair.We stopped the Wedding Co-ordinator and told her of our plans to come back in Dec. with other guests (on our second day) and asked to see the Honeymoon Suite. She happily agreed to get back to us later that day with information about their weddings and to show us the room. We never heard anything from her again.The resort itself is just too large. Much to large for anyone travelling with children - this was a common complaint around the resort. It is a good 2K from the beach up to the lobbies. The trains are a great idea - there are 2 - but for some reason they don't have them running across the resort, so that you can get to the other side, only up and down to the lobbies. Walking across the entire resort is long and tiring in the sun.The worst part of the resort would be the Melia Vacation employees that work off of commission and haunt you everywhere you go. They are even down on the beach... at other resorts always trying to wrangle up travellers from other hotes... to come and listen to their pitch. We did go and listen, were given a very uncomfortable hard pressure sell. Told repeatedly by one guy that it was a 'first day only sale'. That you could ONLY sign up the first day you were there, by law. After speaking to his boss, were told that was a lie.The golf course is beautiful and very relaxing. Housing still under construction all around it though.All in all, we found our trip to be a real eye opener. While it was a week in the beautiful sun and lovely beach, it was money totally wasted. The best part of our trip was discovering how horrible of a time we would have had, had we booked our two week trip in Dec. there and talked all our family and friends into going there as well.Back to the Mayan Riviera we will go. I highly recommend the Bahia Principe Akumal for families, and the El Dorado Royal for couples.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical We just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical, (there were four of us). We stayed there for 10 days and had a wonderful time. Pictures do not do the resort justice, we couldn't get over how beautiful (and clean) it was. The food was good, the service was excellent and I'd give the staff 5 stars. Would definitley go back.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aggravation at the Buffets We stayed at the Melia from Mar 12-19th, a family of five with 3 children including a toddler aged 22 mo. The resort grounds, pools and beach are beautiful and we had no complaints about the room or the room service. The service at the buffet restaurants was absolutely terrible. We often had to find and fetch the highchair ourselves and it was ages before anyone came and took our orders for drinks. There was a wide variety of food and contrary to some of the reviews, we found the food to be good. It was just the fact that we had to rely on the waiters for the drinks and they forgot about our orders or did not bring the wine/beer/coffee. This happened almost everytime, breakfast, lunch and dinner. If you are not aggressive, you will not be served!!! Forget about having a refill or a second drink -- you will be lucky if you get your first. Also, be prepared for the fact that most of the Europeans will be smoking and cutting in, at times quite rudely. Most of them frowned on our kids, who are well-behaved. Only about 10% of the people spoke English. Friends of ours tried the Italian restaurant and told us that they had to wait 30 min before anyone took their order. They were never asked about dessert. Finally after 2 hours, they decided they had enough and left the restaurant. We did not try the specialty restaurants with our toddler, so we cannot comment personally.The service at the bars in the hotel lobby was good, in stark contrast to the buffet places. The other consideration is that the resort is vast and the toddler's club is on the Tropical side. If you are on the Caribe side, it's a 15-20 min walk. Overall the kids had a good time, but be prepared for quite a few topless sunbathers at the beach and some of the pools -- there are no designated safe areas. Overall our trip was marred by the incredibly poor service and utter indifference on the part of the staff at the buffet restaurants. We have been to other islands and hotels in the Carribean and parts of Europe and never, ever, had such poor service in restaurants. This experience has to be the worst in all our travels, considering that this was supposed to be a 5-star all-inclusive.Don't waste time doing the Sanao island trip -- it involves two bus rides over 1 1/2 hours (our guide spoke almost entirely in French), then transfers by boat followed by an hour and a half on a small catamaran. There are no fish to see in the snorkeling either.Take heed -- spare yourself a lot of aggravation and take your money elsewhere. We found this site after we had made our reservations. Certainly would not recommend the Melia.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pleasantly surprised great spot - after reading some reviews here, I braced myself for some lower standards... but the place is gorgeous. Service was friendly - tips appreciated but not expected. Buffets for breakfast and lunch had lots of variety. A la carte restaurants for dinner offered a nice alternative. Three rounds of golf were included (nice bonus) although we had to pay for cart. Variety of guests (Canadian, US, French, German, SPanish) made it interesting.... can't think of one thing to complain about  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to the Bad Reviews My husband and I just returned March 19, 2005 from a week's stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical. We were celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary. This place was AWESOME. I had read a lot of poor reviews and was really nervous. I am so glad we didn't let it stop us from going. The place IS big, but the trains get you anywhere you want to go in 15 minutes or less. What's more, the distance to walk from one end to the other is a 15-20 minute walk along the most beautiful grounds anywhere. Remember, you are on vacation! Take time to enjoy the beauty! We were able to check in early, and the staff made sure we had everything we needed. I knew that getting into some of the ala carte restaurants was hard so we made all of our reservations as soon as we arrived. We just told the women checking us in that we wanted to eat at a different one each night at 7:30 and they did the rest. I was concerned about being held to a time line, but that was not a big deal. You are ready to get out of the sun by then, and the time differnence made this a perfect dinner hour. The few times we were ready to eat early, we just showed up early and they let us eat then. VERY accomodating.We went at a perfect time. No bugs! The one day that there wasn't much of a breeze, I noticed a few pesky critters at the open aired buffet, but hey-this IS the tropics, what do you expect?The staff was wonderful. Our maid left fresh flowers everyday. I made sure to tip her each day too! We always had bottled water in the bathroom for brushing our teeth, and several bottles in our fridge.The food at the buffet was good-typical tropical buffet food. I ate everything and never once felt sick. I had lots of fresh fruit and greens too. The food at the ala carte restaurnants was FABULOUS. I really loved the variety.We were there for 7 days. In all that time, I only encountered one crabby bartender and one waitress that was slow to help. That's better odds then Home! The staff at this place is is the best I have ever encountered. If I needed anything, they had it there within 15 minutes. You can wait longer thant that in a 5-star Hotel where all they have to do is go up a flight of stairs. This place requires a lot more effort-and they deliver! They people of the area are so friendly and happy.We golfed two days. The course is perfect for all player levels. I wish we had brought our clubs only to save some $ on rentals; however, the rentals were top-notched sets.The beach is like walking on powdered sugar. We parasailed, snorkeled, rode in a glass bottom boat, and just enjoyed the water.You can get any souvenier you desire on the many huts along the beach as well. Be sure to bring American one dollar bills and be ready to barter.We will definetly go back. If you can't have a good time here, you must be hard to please!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OakvilleGolfer
<Content>Excellent golf but be careful with pool buffet Every year at March break four of us go south to an island for golfing and relaxation. This is our second time to Punta Cana. I would not rate the Melia as a five star hotel but as a four star - preferrred the Barcelo Bavaro Palace. Excellent: The grounds, landscaping and golf courseVery good: Beach (not enough trees on beach for shade compared to Bracelo Bavaro Palace)Good: Rooms, pool, A La Carte restaurants (did not like the seafood restaurant though) and Tropical lobby lunch buffet restaurants (Italian and International)Be aware: Pool buffet - be careful of what food you eat - some of it is put out when the buffet opens at 7:00 AM and remains until lunch is over. Three of us got the runs after eating breakfast or lunch at the buffet.Hints:- Electricity: On/off switch at the entrance for main room ceiling light and fan also works other lights and AC. If off, then AC is off and you can not turn on bathroom light separately (kind of difficult at night). Secret is to leave the main switch at door ON, then on the side of the bed closest to the balcony, there are three switches - the one closest to the balcony will turn off the overhead light and fan but the AC will continue operating and you can turn on or off the lights in the bathroom- Safe: With safe door open, quickly slide your door card down and then up in the slot on the front of the safe. Then push the four number code. Close the safe door (hold closed) and repush the four number code. Safe should lock. To open slowly push four number code. - A la carte reservations: Phone 6313 or 4001 right at 8:00 AM the day before you want to eat at a particular restaurant (eg phone at 8:00AM on Monday for Tuesday reservations- Guest services: Go onto the Melia web site and apply for a MaS loyalty program card (no cost). Show it at guest services when you are having difficulties (eg getting reservations for restaurants) - three times, they were able to get us reservations- Golf: Only one washroom on 18 holes at 8th tee. Bring water bottles with you from hotel since carts have coolers with ice. Back nine of 18 very long (over 3100 yds from front tees). You can ask to play the other nine hole twice for a change. Bus only runs once an hour at 20 minutes to hour and is very crowded but taxi is only $5 USD and available at any time.- Drinks at pool: If pool bar busy, go to bar at buffet (also better drinks)- Bugs: Don't leave food/treats open in room - the other couple did and had lots of small ants around it. We did not see any bugs in our room.- Staff: Just be nice to them and saying hola goes a long way. We left our maid $1 USD tip each morning with a gracias note and never had a problem.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Hotel was my travel agent worth choice what I hated the most about my trip to Punta Cana was the accomodations at the hotel Melia. I was assigned to a room where to get inside the bathtub, it was like climbing a mountain. the step to get inside the tub was high. I went to the front desk to request to be switch to another room and the front desk supervisor Edgardo was so nasty and spoke to me very disrespectfull in front of other guess that I started to cry. In addition to the bathroom problem, the matress had a big lump in the middle of the bed that it was impossible to sleep and when another guess heard my complain step in and told him not to be so nasty he then offered to put some additional sheets on the bed. (that never happened).I went on that vacation recommened by my doctor after surgery and the room accomodations was a night mare. On a possitive side the food and the staff at the restaurants were great. The beach was beautifull and clean.I wrote a complaim to the hotel administrator and up to this date I have not received any reply. The travel agency representative in Punta Cana was also full of air. A big metting with all the guess as soon as you arrived telling everyone any complain to go to see him and when four of us complained to him he claimed there was nothing he can do.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>be nice to the staff and you will have a great time I vacationed at the Melia from March 5-12, 2005 with my fiance. We were a bit hesitant after reading the many negative reviews. We had a great time and absolutely loved the resort. We went through RCI timeshare, which added to our trip as they made our restaurant reservations every night and gave us a personal orientation to the resort. We were also lucky to stay in Villa 15, which was close to the beach and both main pools. The resort is lovely and the grounds are absolutely beautiful. Although huge, the train comes by frequently; the most we ever had to wait was 5 minutes. The staff are very hardworking and the most friendly people you could ever meet. Always smiling, they always say 'hola' when they see you and sometimes ask you how everything is. They were always prompt to help us and made attempts to communicate, even with my pretty bad high school spanish. Our made always decorated our room with beautiful flowers and after we left her a note in bad spanish, delivered us everything for which we asked. The only time I ever saw a staff member not prompt to render assistance was when a guest was yelling at one in what I believe was Italian about her pasta not being cooked correctly. The food was okay; we were always able to eat something and the desserts were fantastic. This was understandable, as the resort is trying to please people from several different nations, all with different palates. The guests we met, most of which were couples, all had good things to say about the resort. Be ready to put up with some rude guests---not to stereotype, but mostly European---who allow there children run wild and often without clothing at the pool, cut in line at the buffets, constantly chain smoke at the pool, and run you off of the sidewalks because they refuse to move over. This was the biggest negative about the trip, which is nothing that the Melia can improve. The only other negative was the barters who pounced on you as soon as you leave the property. Cough up a few extra dollars and buy your souveniers at the gift shop. All in all, a fantastic spring break and we can not wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rojasmas
<Content>Melia Tropical not tremendous I stayed here a few years ago and the landscape was beautiful. However, everything is so spread out that you constantly have to take a tram. The beach was nothing spectacular but the pool area was nice. Did the all-inclusive thing and the drinks were nice especially by the pool at the pool bar where my kids could drink to their hearts' content (virgin Mudslides). The food was pretty bad the whole week, not much variety and not great quality. Breakfast buffet was probably the best meal of the day. Tried the Mexican restaurant and even it was lousy. Also, somebody stole my sandals which I left outside my room door. The workers constantly bother you about listening to the time share sales pitch, and I went in the summer and the weather was unbearably hot. Not a great vacation at all. A friend stayed at Barcelo Bavaro and she said it wasn't very good either.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Place ever, Want to go back again I don't know how people can write bad reviews. I and my fiance got back from the Melia one week from tomorrow and we can't stop talking about it. The people were extremely kind and helpful. We went through a timeshare, which is the best way to go; they made reservations for us every day for a different restaurant, and would had gone out of there way to do anything for us, but then again, everyone at the Melia seemed like they would had done it also.The restaurants we went to were good, I wouldn't say great, but all very edble. They tried to make the food very gourmet at all of the restaurants and that might not be the best thing, but I would go back to any of the restaurants we ate at. We ended up eating at:---Italian restaurant once for dinner, twice for lunch (eggplant parmisian was very good, along with the minestone soup)---Gourment once, which is more caribean food than gourmet---Seafood twice, which is not exectly what you think when you hear seafood, don't expect lobster tails or crab legs, the lobster was wrapped in a pastry, and actually the second time I went there, I got the duck, which is very good---Japanese -- This was okay, I understand that a lot of people like it, but once you have been to a Japanese restaurant in the states, they didn't exactly make it that great, although decent. My fiance and I are a little objective on the Japanese since we always to go Japanese restaurants in the states.---Steakhouse -- This is amussing....the waiters are wearing blue jeans and flannel shirts, like they are real cowboys. After that, the food was very good. We didn't have the greatest service at the Steakhouse since I ordered a variety platter, which comes on a heat box, but they must only have 3 for the entire restaruant, and I was numbre 6. It took about 2:30 for us to eat food, but I didn't care, I was on vacation and just kept on getting drinks.Speaking of Drinks, the bartenders are great!!!! You go there one night and you just start talking to them and if you like them, you leave them a couple buck and go back the next night and they take care of you. Angel at the bar in the steakhouse area was great, along with a different Angel in the Casino Bar.The Casino is small, but fun, and there is also a bar off of the casino with a pool table and TVs.I guess I forgot to talk about breakfast and lunches other than the Italian place. We went to the buffets near the pools everyday for breakfast, but for lunch we went to the three buffets depending on what we wanted. The italian place, in the lobby is easy to walk if the train is not around, or if it is, take the trian; the reviews that say the train never comes is a lie, they are just too lazy to walk. The two pool side buffets are very good, the steakhouse during lunch is a great buffet, it has nachos, roast chicken, GREAT RICE, and many other things. I liked this one better than the other pool side buffet (on the caribe side); however it was very good, they cut up baby pigs for you and serve them right on your plate, tasty, but sad!I have read many of the reviews that people are writing, and have written. A lot of them say that the Americans are impatient and rude, and maybe some are, but we noticed that most of the rude people were Europeans. And you can tell they are European since they are wearing the speedos. And they also let their kids be just as rude if not more.I did forget to mention that everyone is correct that the grounds are beatiful and that all inclusive is the best ever. And also I need to say that the desserts are the greatest things. At all restaurants, the dessert trays are overflowing and are some of the best I have ever tasted.I hope that if you get the chance to go, you go, since we feel that this was a great resort and I know that we would love to go back as soon as possible.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly Great Vacation Spot Just returned from the Melia Tropical on March 12/05 and found the place to be in great shape. We stayed for two weeks and played golf almost every day at the Cocotal Golf Club, which is very good. We ate in the a la carte restaurants almost every night and found the food to be very good. The food in the International Buffet is good and bad depending on the evening. People in the U.S. must understand that this resort caters to people from around the world and therefore must serve a wide selection of foods to cater to many tastes. The resort is in very good shape with plush vegetation everywhere. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful whenever I asked for anything. I would return to this resort again as would any of my travelling companions.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time with Friends        The Whole Gang  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall relaxing vacation, but the food was awful We just came back from a week long vacation at Melia Caribe Tropical. Overall, the hotel is okay. Nothing impressive. The room was okay... not the most comfortable bed, but the room was spacious. A lot of issue with our room when we first arrived, but after several calls they got fixed.The train on the property was working well and it was a good transportation around the property. The beach was nice and it was a good place for relaxation... white sand beach and clear water. The pools were nice. The food was terrible at most of the a la carte restaurants we tried... the italian, chinese, and international gourmet. The Japanese one was edible. The breakfast buffet at the restaurant near the beach was okay. Lunch buffet was okay especially the grill chicken. Dessert were not good at any of the meals or restaurants. The dinner buffet was not good and it is the same everyday. A couple we met on the train told us that they had stayed at other hotel and the food was much better... Barcelo Bavaro.Overall, it was an okay and relaxed vacation. If we go back, we will probably try other resort.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia with Family We were at the Melia from 2/20 to 2/27. I have read all of the reviews here and found some very helpful. Most of what I read was true, but you can't get worked up about everything. My expectations were appropriately lowered after what I read here, so I really wasn't dissapointed. My husband and I were traveling with our 2 children (4 and 10) and I really wanted a location that we could get a direct flight to from New England that wasn't too complicated- this worked for us. An all-inclusive resort in an area like this wouldn't normally be my top vacation pick, but until my son gets a little bit older, I didn't want to be too adventureous. The resort was pretty and large as everyone has said. We arrived about 12 and had lunch. We came back to the lobby a little before 3 and I was pleasantly suprised that our room was ready. We didn't find the size of the resort to be a major issue. Walking from our room to the pool/beach was no big deal. Not sure why there were so many complaints about this. The train is also an option and we used it a lot, mostly because my son loved it. They also have a guy driving a horse carriage at night- also fun for the kids. Never spoke to the dreaded time-share guys either. We skipped our welcome meeting, mostly because I figured it was a time share sales pitch. We also checked in on Sunday- maybe it's worse on Saturdays.ROOM: We got a room near the lobby and restaurants and my first instinct was to change to one near the beach/pools. They make you wait 24 hours to change and by the end of the first night we were happy to stay put. The 24-hour wait policy makes sense. It's a huge effort to move people and all of their stuff, so I thought this was fair. After checking in I made several requests for stuff (extra towels, pillows and a bed for my son.) Everything eventually comes, although the bed took quite a while and we had to call a couple of times. Everything that I ever asked for did come- you just have to be patient. The resort is large and they have a team of men running around (in small trucks and scooters) to deliver stuff. The room was fairly large with a king bed and this sort of marble slab sofa thing that makes into a bed. (they had it already made into a bed for us.) An additional twin bed (arrived with frame, box spring and all) fit into the room fairly comfortably. One room works for a family of 4, but that would be the max. The bathroom was small but functional and included a bidet which my 4-year old insisted upon using as a urinal. The room was clean and neat upon arival. Daily maid service consisted of restocking the frige, making the beds and changing the towels. No cleaning was involved- I never even saw a maid with anything resembling a cleaning product the whole week. The safe worked- inquire about this on check-in to get directions to use it (none in English.) They charge $2 a day and it's essential. As far as tipping went, we left $4 a day for the maid and a larger tip on the last day. I have no clue about leaving gifts- $ is always appreciated.FOOD: Pretty much as already reported. The buffets were not great but edible. We didn't starve. Lots of decent bread and good fruit most of the time. Hot things were iffy. Other than not drinking the water, we pretty much ate everything. We tried to be careful but gave up after a day. We drank the water they gave us in the restaurants, used ice and ate things that had been washed like fruit (other than the lettuce that was dripping wet.) We did take acidophillus twice a day. Don't know if that helped, but none of us got the least bit sick. People I talked to from other resorts were sick their whole trips. I think I finally figured out that the major issue with the food was the temperature- all foods (hot and cold) were luke warm. I guess this is to be expected in a 3rd world country where power is at a premium and not always reliable. We mostly did the buffets because they work better wtih kids. We did the steak house one night- it was awful and had no selections for children. Chinese was good and had a kid's menu- we would have gone back if we hadn't discovered it late in the week. We had a reservation one other night for another place but bagged it. Lots of the reviews complained about the reservation system, but I had no problem. I always called in the afternoon and used 4002 (got that tip from another review.) Calls were taken promplty and I got what I wanted.BUGS/MALARIA SCARE: saw maybe 3 bugs all week including a moster cockroach in our bathroom on (thankfully) our last morning. We really didn't go out at night and it was breezy, so that probably cut down on the bugs. We saw a few flies at the open air lunch buffets, but no more that we have in CT in the summer. We did take the chloroquine, but stopped after the trip because none of us saw a mosquitoe or got a bite.KIDS ACTIVITIES: not much for kids to do here other than swim or play on the beach. The kid's club was a joke- there is a room for kids under 4 and a supervised program for 5-12 year olds. I saw maybe 8 kids or so in the older program a day (mostly in the 6-8 age range). They weren't doing a whole lot (arts and crafts and the like) and the supervison was thin. We just used the playground, not the program. My son was too young and my daughter too old for what they had to offer. This was fine with us, but if you desire a decent program, this isn't the place for you. The playground is decent though- fenced in and by the pool, although it is surrounded by concrete. WATER/BEACH: we did a few- banana boat, parasailing, snorkeling. The snorkeling was the only bad one becasue the sea was very choppy and they leave you out there for a long time. Beware if you're prone to sea sickness. The beach was lovely. We couldn't really hang out there for the first couple of days because it was windy- the sand is very fine white powder and gets everywhere. After that it was nice. We mostly did the pool in the morning and the beach after lunch- this seemed to work out best with the way the weather was our week. The pool was pretty cool temp; the ocean was warmer but not REALLY warm like other islands. Lots of room and chairs at both the beach and pool. They have a towel exchange program so people can't just abandon towels. This seems like a pain at first, but it makes sense.WEATHER: cool and raniy our first day (I stayed in my jeans and sweater all day.) Wind for a couple of days and breezy the rest of the week. Some clouds each day. We only had one day where I actually felt hot. Overall, it was cooler than I expected but fine. We still all got plenty of sun.SERVICE/PEOPLE: we found the people mostly friendly and helpful. Everyone spoke English with the exception of the maids and the serivce people (like the gardners and delivery guys). I brought a Spanish phrase book and used it once to write a note to my maid. Not sure why people complained about the language thing. They answer the phone in Spanish, but always changed to English. Restaurant service was mediocre. Sometimes you had to wait a long time for a drink, but they did clear plates frequently. Drinks are readily available at the bars. I always got everything I wanted without a problem. Overall, it felt like a friendly and safe place. We often left our things at the pool or the beach and nothing was ever touched.EXCURSIONS: didn't do any because none were appropriate for a 4-year old. We did get a taxi driver for a few hours one day to take us around a little and into the city. This gave us a little flavor for the local life and culture.As far as Punta Cana resorts go, my impression from talking to people is that this is one of the best ones. I wouldn't go back, but mostly because I prefer a different type of vacation, not because of the resort. We've been to the Caribbean several times and I prefer a small resort that is not all-inclusive on an island that has a little more to do.OTHER FAMILY TIPS:-pack a flashlight- we lost power for 6 hours one night and I've heard this happens not infrequently-BYO peanutbutter- none to be found on the resort; I also packed lots of snacks for the kids (things like nutrigrain bars and cracker packs)- we used them all. -don't let the kids use the clicker- there's pretty hard-core porn on the regular TV-pool and deck area are slippery- pack water shoes for little kids-If you forget to pack beach toys and don't want to spend $40 to buy some, they'll let you borrow some from the playgroundI'm sure I'm forgetting some things, but I hope at least some of this info was helpful. Keep an open mind and go with the flow and you'll have a fine vacation. Feel free to e-mail me with specific questions.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Scammed in the DR This was our second vacation at Melia Caribe Tropical, but never again. We took a water taxi to Captain Cook's Restaurant, a popular local seafood place. Captain Cook's combs the beach at the Melia (with Melia's permission) to bring people to the restaurant. After an afternoon of lunch and relaxation we paid our bill (cash) and went down to the beach to return to the hotel. It was then that we were accosted by one of the workers. He claimed we hadn't paid our tab. Then a policeman mysteriously appeared. The long and short of it is that we were stupid tourists and got scammed. I think the entire managment, staff and police were in on it. The part that really bothered me is that I feel that the hotel owes a certain amount of protection to its patrons. They invited the restaurant onto their beach to sell the packages and, no doubt, know this activity is going on. We left totally unsatisfied that the managment of the hotel cared what happened to us and in effect offers up its clients as chickens to be plucked. I would recommend that you think twice about going to this Melia. If you have any trouble, the managment will not be on your side. I can only assume that this is how they handle in-house problems as well. Definitely DO NOT go to Captain Cooks. They are scam artists and the food is not worth it.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Forewarned and forearmed Having belatedly consulted Tripadvisor and upon reading the many very negative reviews, I instructed my wife to cancel our reservations we'd previously made. The travel consultant assured her that she'd visited Melia Caribe and that it was a lovely resort, so we reconsidered.I'd carefully read the many reviews and while many criticisms seemed petty, I was concerned about what seemed to be a consistent pattern of specific complaints, and also the sheer number of negative reviews as compared with reviews of the many Mexican and Carribean resorts we've visited. Obviously even the worst of resort operations would be incapable of disappointing all or even a majority of guests. Ultimately we decided to take a gamble and proceed as planned, hoping that when all was said and done, we would have avoided the many pitfalls others have described. We weren't so lucky.Probably due to having arrived there with greatly lowered expectations, we were not quite so disappointed as so many others have been. I've consiously tried to be as fair, reasonable and objective as possible in arriving at my ultimate judgement. We've traveled yearly to Mexican and other Carribean resorts, and we don't expect the type of attention and amenities found in the States. We look for good bargains and do not expect luxury and pampering. Still...We arrived approximately 4 in the afternoon and were told the room was not ready. No problem. Checked back 2 hours later and were told there was a mistake, that our room was already occupied. The clerk was very polite and apologetic and consulted with his supervisor who told him in Spanish to tell us they would have a room ready in an hour or two. The clerk pleaded with her to explain this to us in English but she refused and walked away. We pursued her and after waiting in line (for now the 3rd time) to speak with her, she located a room for us and checked us in. Before we could depart for the room, she discovered she'd made a mistake and had to check us into still another room. At this time we went to arrange to have our bags delivered to the room and discovered that they'd mistakenly been delivered already to some other room somewhere within the resort, but the porters had no record where. Within an extremely uneasy hour, the bags were located and delivered to us. However, by that time, we'd discovered the plumbing in this room was non-functioning, causing us to have to return to the check-in desk. This is a VERY large resort. It's now 9:00 in the evening and it's about a half mile walk to the lobby. The same supervisor explained that this was a general problem in that building indicating to us that she was aware of the problem even as she assigned that room to us. She offered to let us keep that same room, and give us an additional room in which we could use the toilet and the shower. I AM NOT MAKING THIS UP! She finally relented and offered an upgrade to a jaccuzi suite which was of little significance to us as the water in the room was seldom more than lukewarm.The matter of the adjacent construction discussed in so many reviews can be a very real concern. There is contruction of a new resort along the entire north side of Melia Caribe. Apparently the resort has no reluctance to place guests in those rooms immediately adjacent to the construction which takes place 16 hours each day. Our room fortunately, was just around the corner and because we're early risers, the noise was less of an issue. If you find yourself assigned one of the many rooms on the north side of any of those several buildings, you'll be confronted daily with the construction noise and a ringside view of nothing but a construction site and construction workers a distance of only 50 feet outside your balcony.On the second day, my wife became ill with nausea and diarrhea which lasted 4 days. Not as severe as that reported by other reviewers, but severe enough to keep her largely confined to the room, unable to eat. We always take a potent antibiotic and pepto-bismol daily when traveling to ward off illness, and in all of our travels, neither of us had previously been stricken. We're both ultra-conscious of avoiding the tap water for all purposes and unlike what has been suggested by other reviewers regarding such reports, she does not consume alcohol, nor could her malady be explained by spicy foods or tropical fruits. Because of the many other similar complaints, I can only conclude there must be a persistent sanitation issue at this location the likes of which I've never encountered on any prior tropical vacation.Although many reviewers claiming they are not picky eaters have found fault with the dining, truth is, if your unable to find an abundance of food there that appeals to you, you ARE a picky eater. The food ranged from very good to not-so-good, depending upon your selection. The service similarly ranged from good to not-so-good. As others have reported, drink service was particularly an issue as oftentimes the service staff was not very attentive, and diners are unable to simply help themselves. Nowhere within the resort are there drink dispensers available to guests so you are continuously at the mercy of staff.The grounds of the resort are as lush and scenic as any we've seen. The resort is LARGE, due in part to the expansive landscaping. Expect to do a bit of walking, though we found this very enjoyable because of the beauty of the resort and its grounds. An exceptionally large and scenic beach area. Many of the resorts facilities and amenities would properly be described as luxury, other would qualify as no better than moderate or deluxe, at best. The guest accomdations show quite of bit of wear and datedness.I almost hate to make mention of this because it sounds a little like I'm now being finicky, but one drawback to your enjoyment of the beautiful grounds, is the amount of vehicle traffic on the pathways throughout the resort. In addition to the convenient trollys and the horse carriages, there's constant maintenance and service vehicle traffic upon the pedestian walkways. There do not appear to be service access roads commonly designed into most resorts. The little motor scooters used by staff are omni-present on even the narrowest of walkways and I've even witnessed them circling thru the pool areas. In all likelihood, your wakeup call each morning will consist of one or more of these scooters passing or idling immediately outside your room door.The staff are largely very pleasant, and eager to accomodate. Though tipping is not required or even necessarily expected, they are openly appreciative of even small gratuities. If you are only moderately patient, you'll have no difficulty communicating in English. You should bear in mind that there are visitors from all over the world, and that English is only one of a great many languages, and far from the most common language spoken by the many guests there.What becomes obvious in reading these reviews is that everyone's experience is different. If you're able to travel there at a bargain package price, if your expectations are not unreasonably high, and if you are one of the fortunates who have visited there and avoided the many pitfalls and complications, then no doubt you like so many others will greatly enjoy your visit. Shame of it all is that many of the drawbacks could be addressed and corrected in a single day by an attentive management staff, and with little effort this could be a fabulous destination. I would place great credance in the reviews provided by those who have vistied Melia on mulitple ocassions, and have discribed a continual decline in recent years.While we will no doubt return to the Dominican Republic in the future, I'd never return to this particular resort for the many reasons stated, and I couldn't possibly recommend it to other travelers.P.S. TripAdvisor is now my travel bible!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average We checked in on 02-19-05 and our room was on the beach which was nice. The service was slow at the restaurants and the food was average-far from good. The best place to eat is the Japanese restaurant. I do not recommend leaving the resort unless your on a tour that is run by the resort because we had a problem there. The gym is horrible with broken treadmills and ancient equipment or lack of it. We had an outdoor massage which was very good. The staff is nice as long as your tipping them otherwise they develope an attitude especially the men. The grounds are very nice and well maintained. There is no shopping there if you like to shop and there is nothing near by except the same garbage they all sell on the beach etc. Overall the weather was nice and the beach was bueatiful.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Five Star, Two is pushing it!!!!!! We arrived at the Melia Caribe on 2/19/05. Place is incredibly gorgeous. Impeccably landscaped and manicured. But that is where the raving ends. Front desk staff...rude. Perhaps we just caught the leftover animosity from other guests who were irate about vacationing next to a construction site. I found that funny because after reading concerns of previous guests who posted on this site, we called the resort to make sure we would not be near construction. We were advised that there was no construction going on at the facility. They left out that next door was the construction. Guess where our room was. Probably guessed it....yep, right next door. Then to the room. No crib in room upon arrival, as was on the reservation. Took close to 5 hours to get a crib. After numerous calls to the desk, Service Express (or lack there of) a twin bed was delivered to the room while we were at dinner. Then more phone calls later and by the time my son was to fall asleep for the night...a knock at the door. Finally a crib, sized for a doll and built flimsy. Food is another issue that needs addressing. Food supposed to be hot was cold. Food that was supposed to be cold was warm. Service at the restaurants was mediocre at the very best. Finished our entire meal on one occassion and still had not gotten drinks or a high chair for our son. And polite requests were made in both english and spanish. Checked out three days early from our trip and was not even asked by the front desk supervisor why we were leaving. Would recommend against travelling to this resort. I am hoping for the resort's sake that we just had a bad experience and that most are satisfied. I do no hold too much hope for this though.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trip Of A Lifetime... This hotel was wondeful and i do not understand why there are bad reviews...Lets start out with the service...on a 1 - 10 scale it was a 7*at the pool you needed to get up to get a drink but you are swerved right away*carry your bags to your room yourself because it takes 1 1/2 hours to get them from the bellboys*at night in the lobbys there are always people to serve youNow lets go to the food...*Buffets were OK but there is a huge selection...chicken,rice,nachos,beans,fish,fruits,veggies,etc...*Breakfast-Atables which is near the tropical lobby is better than the restaurant near the pool,but takes long to get to if you are staying close to teh pool... try both*Lunch-Atables and teh restauat near the pool have great foods*Dinner-Wonderful Restaurants but hard to get into make sure you make your reservations a.s.a.p!!!*Japanese...wow ... really good*Capri-sea food lover's dream*Chinese-really good food but it's authentic*Gormet-Great!*Italian-Ok..food tasted mexican and italian at teh same timeDidnt go to any others...Shows-GREAT...alot of shaking.The train service was a little slow because the resort was so big but just wait for them they eventually come vevry 15 minutes...P.S. bring bug sprayDONT WORRY LIKE I DID AFTER SEEING THE TERRIBLE REVIEWSIT IS WONDERFULOver all i would have to give this hotel a 5 star...of 5  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i wish i could of stayed longer !! Whoever just writes negatively about this website just wants to complain. I went to the Melia on Feb. 21-25 with my family. Once we go there, the service was incredible. Going to our room (villa 1 right near the beach!) we got to see the beautiful grounds of the resort. The food was ok, not out of this world amazing. Breakfast and lunch in the buffets were every good. I'd have to say the Japanese was the best restaurant because the chef made your meal in front of you on the hibatchi grill! The pools were very nice including the swim-up bar. We stayed on the beach the next three days and took part in many excursions such as banana boating and parasailing. Above all, my family and i had a great time. I really don't think this is a resort to bring an infant along with. It is more of a family with kids ranging from 4-21 years old. I loved the Melia Caribe Tropicale and I want to go back!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation       Perfect weather  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the resort hated the sales people! My husband and I just returned from Melia Caribe and we were fortunate enough to have fabulous weather. Our first room was situated next to the construction but the staff quickly changed our room the next morning. If you're travelling to Melia make sure you ask to be away from the construction. It goes from 7 a.m. - midnight! We loved the landscaping, the birds, the restaurants and most of the staff. The food was wonderful in the Japanese and French restaurants. Average in the seafood and chinese. The breafast buffets had a great selection and my hubby adored the waffles and omelets. I went for a spa day and it was fantastic. The staff went above and beyond. The pool was wonderful and we snagged the cabana style beds two days...much more comfortable than the beach chairs. Our only complaint is the staff trying to sell the timeshares and excursions. We got stopped 10 times a day to be sold something or other. We went for the timeshare talk and found little deal but we did receive a $100 US Gift Certificate for our 90 minutes. We also parasailed and had a blast. The beach was also gorgeous and well maintained. I love Punta Cana but I preferred the Bavaro Palace to Melia Caribe.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wedding and Honeymoon Heven Just Perfect We actually got married at the hotel in May of 2004. Not only were we treated like kings (we had different coloured wrist bands to normal guests) we also had one of the honeymoon suites.Upon arrival we had a few problems with room allocation etc but these were sorted out very quickly and efficiently (it did help that one of our party spoke fluent Spanish).The food in all of the restaurants was excellent as was the service everyone in our party received.I can not fault the hotel or the staff at all.The wedding co ordinator (his name was German) was excellent, we had actually met him 2 years earlier when we went to a different hotel that he was working in. If you asked him for anything he would go out of his way to sort it out for you. The wedding itself was perfect (The ceremony lasted about 8 minutes). The photos came out wonderfull, the meal we had in the restaurant was wonderful. I could not have asked for anything more.I can't wait to go back to the hotel and would recommend it not only for a holiday but also as a place to get married in.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Golfer70
<Content>Excellent Resort We stayed at the Melia Caribe Feb 5-12, 2005. Very nice resort hotel. Rooms were spacious and clean. Resort is very impressive with beautiful palm tree lined walkways. Two large pools to chose from as well as very nice beach.For an all inclusive resort, the food was good. We previously stayed at the Paridisus (a 5 Star resort) and would rate the food at the Melia higher. All in all I highly recommend this hotel. It is more affordable than the Paridisus with comparable or better rooms, facilities, pool, beach and food. Well worth a visit  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best In checking out reviews of another resort I decided to view what the rest felt about Melia Caribe to see how serious I should take all these opinions. My husband and I went to Melia Caribe, DR 10/02 for our honeymoon. We still talk about it as it was the best resort we have been to. We have been to at least 4 different ones over the last 6 years and this one had the most choices of food and ammenities. Our room was always clean and flowers were always placed around the room. The staff was so friendly and interested in trying to learn english. We highly recommend this resort to all!   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mexican-mermaid
<Content>Heaven on Earth. Anyone who gives this resort a bad review is just too picky and could never be happy with anything. Some people love to complain. My husband and I stayed at the Melia in May of 2001 and it was simply breathtaking. We have stayed at many different 5-6 star resorts in many different tropical locations and this one still holds the #1 spot in our hearts, although my husband also loves the Melia in Costa Rica. When we arrived at the reort, we couldn't believe how beautiful everything in our sights appeared. I actually suspected that we could have died in a plane crash and went to heaven. The grounds were perfectly maintained with beautiful floweres of every color. The brick pathways led you through fish filled ponds, and peacock filled gardens. If you didn't like the long walks, there was a cute trolly that made many stops. There were so many choices of restaurants that we didn't even get around to all of them, but everything we had was delicious. Our room was gorgeous with marble floors throughout. All of the rooms were so spaced out so that you felt like you were alone. We loved the guineas, flamingos, peacocks, and cranes. The maid always left fresh flowers in our room everyday. The breakfast and lunch buffets were excelent. The beach was neverending and the sand was pure white and so soft. The water was so crystal clear and turquoise. The only things that I didn't like were all of the topless sunbathers, the mosquitoes, the activities staff that hounded you to get involved when you were trying to relax, and the fact that it rained- so just don't go during the rainy season. Usually, while on vacation we take tours but on this one we were so in love with our surroundings that we never left. We couldn't get enough of it and I don't even think that we saw everything because the resort was so big and spread out which is what we like, because that way you never feel like it was crowded. One evening, in the italian restaurant, a man got up from his table and started singing the most beautiful italian opera song you ever heard. I guess he was just so overcome by the beauty of this magical place. Everything was perfect-the pool, the beach, the food, the grounds, the facilities, the service. Anyone who did not think highly of this place is impossble to please. We couldn't believe that only paid what we did for such a spectacular vacation.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Caribbean_Bride
<Content>Beautiful Wedding in a Beautiful Location! We just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical. We were there from Jan 24th to Jan 31st. There was a group of 8 of us all there for our wedding. I must say that it has to be the most beautiful wedding location that I have ever seen. (but maybe I am partial) I will get to more of the wedding details later.  ARRIVAL/CHECKIN: We arrived at the airport in the afternoon. The airport is so cute and so easy to get through. When we arrived there was no long lines to get through customs. The most waiting we did was getting all of our luggage and then waiting on the bus. The bus ride wasn鈥檛 bad. The ride is pretty short, and the tour guide was kind of funny. We were the second stop on the route. Arriving at the resort gave me some relief. Just seeing how beautiful it was there calmed my nerves. Check in was pretty painless, however it would have been nice since we were coming as a group and there for a special occasion to be able to sit down and check in privately. The only other thing is that it would be nice if they did the safe keys along with check in, instead of having to go in another line. That was stressful. Our group was put on the Caribe side (which I was happy about) but we were not all put together. They split us up half of us was closer to the lobby rms 3804 and 3704 and the other two were in 3217 and 3312. At first I was disappointed that I didn鈥檛 get closer to the beach or the honeymoon suite. But our rooms turned out to be just fine. And it ended up not being a big deal that we weren鈥檛 all closer together. I would not recommend room 3217 as my sister and brother 鈥搃n- law woke up to construction noise every morning. Good thing that they are morning people. We got a ride with our luggage to the room by the bellboys. We thought this was nice of them. As we rode with them, we passed the gazebo and also noticed the beautiful landscape. It really is like nothing that I have seen. The gazebo is breathtaking with the flamingoes around it. Absolutely picturesque.  FIRST FEW HOURS: After we arrived at our rooms we met up for drinks at the caribe lobby. As many of you may be aware, there are two sides of the resort. The Caribe and the Tropical Side. They are pretty much the same, but with a few differences in the offerings (restaurants, etc.) The Caribe side is the side that we were at. I was happy being on this side. It was closer to the gazebo, which let me walk by it at least once a day and say 鈥渁hhhhhh look that is where we got married鈥?Both sides have spa鈥檚. The Caribe has a business center where you can email, fax, make copies, it also has the casino and a small gift shop. The tropical side has a spa, where you can get your hair done, a bigger gift shop with a jewelry store, and a fun pub. These were the differences that I noticed. Each side also has a lobby with a bar area that you can sit and drink and relax. This area also has a sort of theatre area. Earlier in the night they have movies playing, and then later is where they have the shows. The shows that we saw were very entertaining.  Our first night we spend first having a few drinks in the lobby bar, and then we went down to the Turry buffet and had dinner. I thought it was fine. One in our group was not thrilled with the buffets. She was the one that made sure she got reservations for us each night. Speaking of reservations, this is my biggest complaint. And after reading many reviews, I see that it is a common problem.  One of my observations the first night having drinks in the lobby bar was that they had waitresses that came to the tables and got you drinks. I am not sure why I was surprised by that, but I thought it was great. Another one of my observations was how clean everything was. And how in the bathrooms they have a chart for cleaning like they do in the bathrooms in the states. I thought this showed how clean and reputable it was. And they always had fresh flowers around. Little things like that I thought were great added touches.  GROUND/BEACH/POOLS The grounds, pool and beach were great. There was never any shortage of chairs. I preferred the beach area. There were lots of palapas (like big umbrellas) which provided shade. I definitely would recommend bringing all the sunscreen and creams that you will need as it is very expensive in the gift store.  The grounds are just amazing. They have flowers and bushes and palms everywhere. And different kinds of birds. They have a bunch of peacocks that walk around the resort. You were able to walk right up to them without them getting scared. WOW鈥nd where else can you do that! The last day we just walked around taking photos of different things. You really didn鈥檛 mind how big the resort was, cause it was such a beautiful walk everywhere you went. And if you were tired of walking you could always hop the train. I only did that if it happened to be right there.  The pools were amazing. We spent most of our time at the beach, but a few of the windy cooler days we spent around the pool. They were HUGE.  ROOMS  I thought our room was bigger than expected. It was nice having that little sitting area. The bed was HUGE and very comfortable. Everything was very clean also. The made left us little flowers and things made out of towels. She also wrote us a cute little note congratulating us for getting married! The balconies were nice and big too. However a few of us experienced some problems with the doors locking. One party in our group never got theirs fixed.  Our fridge worked, but we couldn't seem to adjust the temperature, but since we only kept water in here it was no problem. We also, as most of our group, that it would be nice to have beer stocked in our fridge. We also could not figure out how to use the safe with the card, but when we called them they sent someone with a keylock for the other safe, which we used with no problem.   FOOD/RESTAURANTS: One of the reason鈥檚 for choosing this resort was that there were so many dinner choices. The first night we ate at the Turrey buffet. Most of us thought it was good. One wasn鈥檛 thrilled. But all of us agreed that the bread and the desserts were fabulous.  The second night we were supposed to have dinner at the Agora Steakhouse. But for some reason they said they didn鈥檛 have our reservation and we did not know we were to get a confirmation number. So we ended up eating at the other buffet. It was late and it wasn鈥檛 that great. The Turey and Agora lunch and breakfast buffets: We only had lunch and breakfasts at the Turey.. At breakfast there was freshly squeezed juices, bacon, buns, croissants, muffins, pastries, an omelet station, waffles, french toast, fresh fruit. We never had a problem finding lots of good food to eat at breakfast. At lunch they usually had chicken or something else outside on the grill, that was very good. If you thought it wasn鈥檛 done enough they would grill it longer for you. They also had something like Paella or a rice or pasta mixture in big skillets. Most of the time they were really good too. Surprisingly the French fries were also very good. They also had little skewers of meat, which we liked, and roast or ham that they would slice for you. The fresh bread was always very good. And I also really liked their plain rice.  -Ma Maison: We had our wedding meal from there, and it was the best meal the entire week. It was a saut茅ed breast of chicken in sour cream sauce with roasted pineapple and fresh dill. We had ceasear salad and onion soup also. I preordered it for the entire group. We also went to eat in the actual restaurant one night. I think I would have liked it a lot better if I would have ordered something different. Lots in our group had steak and really enjoyed it. I ordered the shrimp grilled in garlic and butter. I didn鈥檛 know that the shrimp that they served would have eyes on it. I was completely grossed out. They also had the little shrimp too, so I ate some of them. But later that night and all through the night I felt sick. Very nauseous. I don鈥檛 think it was that the shrimp was bad. I just think that what it was cooked in didn鈥檛 agree with me. The airconditioning is sometimes a bit strong, women should bring a wrap or cardigan or something to cover their shoulders from the cool air.   -La Hokkaido: We went here the last night of our stay. It was a lot of fun. They cook the food in front of you, it is very fresh and tasty. The service here is excellent and quick. The fried rice was also very good. I had the sushi appetizer and thought it was pretty good. I picked out some of the raw fish just cause I was a little leary of it. Others in our group ate the salad and thought it was excellent. The desert was fried bananas or fried ice-cream. I tasted a little bit of both and they were both tasty. The best part of eating here is that the cook gives you a show, and everyone at the table talks with each other, so it is a very fun evening.   -Le Gourmet: I don鈥檛 think we went to this one.  -Le Capri: I did not go to this restaurant after my dinner with the shrimp. Half of our group did and was clearly not thrilled with it. One had lobster and said that it was good.   -La Pagoda: We did not go to this one.  -The Agora Steakhouse: We thought this one had the worst service of them all. The hostess was the least friendly of all the employees that I met while there. The food however made up for the service. I had the steak with pepper sauce and it was very good. The cheese appetizer was also really good. Of course the bread was excellent. We could have had many baskets full of that. The 2 guys each had the mixed grill. They brought out a grill with the food on it. One of the guys really liked the steak. My husband, really liked the ribs. He wished he would have ordered just ribs. Bring a wrap in case it is a chilly night since it is open air   -La Gondolla (Italian): I think this was one of our favorite restaurants. The steak dishes were very good. My husband had spaghetti and thought it was excellent. I had seafood fettuccini. The seafood didn鈥檛 thrill me too much but the noodles and sauce was very yummy.   GOLF: I did not golf but my husband did once and my brother-in-law did 3 times. They both said the course was a lot of fun. Very beautiful!  THE WEDDING:  The wedding turned out to be more than I could have ever imagined. I went in worried that I would regret not having a more traditional wedding. I now can definitely say that I wouldn鈥檛 have done it any other way. I had started contacting the wedding coordinator many many months before our actual trip. One of the things that worried me, but I think is common, is that I had many wedding coordinators thoughout the months of planning. Angelica, ended up being the final one and I am very pleased. I do believe that she had been there the entire time, but had others working there also. She definitely knew her stuff and was very organized. The day after we arrived we met with Angelica in the lobby, to go over details of the wedding. We picked out our flowers. I had brought a photo of a very tropical bouquet as a sample. We went through the wedding script. I had previously communicated with her on adding a few readings and some personalized vows. I brought copies of the revised script incase she didn鈥檛 have them. We also went over our dinner menu. I had previously requested Ma Maison based on other reviews that I had read. She gave us the option of eating at the restaurant or having a private dinner in the Julio Iglesias room. We would have our own waiter and they would bring food over from Ma Maison. I picked out a chicken dish for everyone It was the saut茅ed breast of chicken in sour cream sauce with roasted pineapple and fresh dill. We had ceasear salad and onion soup also. I am not sure if we got the Julio Iglesias room option because of the size of our party or if it is a choice for everyone. We only had a group of 8 including us. During the meeting we also made an appt to get my hair done the day of the wedding. This is done at the Spa Tropical.  After picking out everything and giving her the documents, we had to get copies of our passports, and our witnesses passports. And then of course paying for the wedding. 飦?br/> The day of the wedding, it was very sunny in the morning. We started off the day hanging out at the beach. I had my hair appt at noon at the Spa Tropical. I had brought a few photos of what I wanted my hair to look like. They said that they knew how to do it, so away we went. At first I wasn鈥檛 too sure, but it turned out the better than it has EVER looked! I would highly recommend bringing a photo. They asked if they could keep the photos that I had brought in. Since I didn鈥檛 need them, I didn鈥檛 care. I also brought in more the next day. After the hair appt we were running a bit behind. I probably should have made an earlier appt. We rushed back to the room and got ready and had some champagne. The photographer, videographer and horse and carriage arrived shortly. With them they brought the bouquet. It was beautiful. They did some photos and video of me leaving the room. My sister road with me in the carriage. I was told one person could come with.  We then proceeded to the gazebo. We had to take a little detour, as the groom forgot the rings and had to have someone run back to get them. I knew as soon as we saw his friend walking away from the gazebo. Hee hee鈥?br/> I also think that the judge was late, so we parked by one of the restaurants for a few minutes. We then continued on to the gazebo. After getting out of the carriage and getting the instructions from the wedding coordinator, we started the wedding march. There was a trio of musicians that followed me down the aisle. They were so good鈥lthough I wasn鈥檛 paying much attention to them. The ceremony went without any problems. They are building a wall by the gazebo where the restaurants were that had the fire, so there was some pounding, but Angelica quickly sent someone over to tell them to stop for a few minutes. The judge first reads everything in Spanish and then Angelica repeats it in English. Angelica also printed out our personalized vows for us to read. I had done the same thing, but was glad that she did also.  There were people standing on the side of the road watching and once they announced us and we had our kiss, everyone cheered. I thought that was kinda fun. After the ceremony they took a bunch of photos and everyone drank champagne. As we were taking photos on the bridge by the Japanese restaurant it started raining. We had to wait out the rain for awhile. Luckily there was lots of champagne! We were also lucky that the photographer could wait around. We were fortunate to have gotten a week that there were only two weddings. And mine was the only one that day. The rain finally came to a drizzle and we took off for the beach. They take you to the side of the resort where the construction is. This way you don鈥檛 have any people in your photos. Since it was raining, there wasn鈥檛 anyone on the beach anyway.  Some of the photos ended up with water spots on them due to the drizzle. That would be my only disappointment. After photos we went back to the Caribe lobby where the Julio Iglesias room. We had a couple of drinks and took some photos on the swings and then sat down in the room. The room was great. It was open air with a big candle on the table. We had our own waiter who was wonderful! He would bring us anything we wanted. I had preordered ceasar salad, chicken with white sauce and mashed potatoes. And then we had our cake for dessert. Everything was so yummy. Angelica also had made up a menu/program that was on the table when we arrived. It had our names on it and the menu that I had picked. It was a nice surprise. We also happened to hit a night where they had live music in the lobby area. After we were done sitting in the Julio Iglesias room we moved out there. I asked the singer if he would play a song for us to dance too. He played 鈥淪ay you, Say Me鈥?. It wouldn鈥檛 have been my choice but oh well. Later on one of them came up and asked if they could sing another song. This time it was a lovely Spanish song. After we danced they congratualated us and everyone cheered. It was like having a real reception. It was so much fun. Overall, there really isn鈥檛 ANYTHING that I would have changed. The weather isn鈥檛 something that I could control and the rain wasn鈥檛 so bad that it ruined the day. Everything else that day went perfect. I felt so taken care of, and felt like the day was made for me. I think it helped that I was the only bride getting married that day. I wouldn鈥檛 have done it any other way!   FINAL THOUGHTS: I have noticed that this resort hasn鈥檛 gotten the best reviews or it isn鈥檛 a favorite on the boards. After being there, I have no idea why. I would definitely recommend this resort. Yes it is big鈥ut it is nice to walk around and look at the beauty of it. Yes, if I was there for more than one week, I would probably get tired of the food, but I think I would at any all inclusive. And remember that the food is prepared differently.  Two suggestions for the resort would be to fix the dinner reservation system, and especially if you are going for a wedding you should be able to register for dinners when you check in. Second, to alleviate some of the bar wait, you could set up a station with a tap for sodas and beer, where you could get it yourself.  The employees were so friendly and tried to really make your vacation the best. Other than that I really enjoyed my stay at the Melia. And it was perfect for our wedding鈥 just can鈥檛 say too often how much fun I had.   Here is a link to my wedding photos: --------------------------------  Here is a link to some photos of the resort: --------------------------------  I have a bunch more so if you would like to see more or have any questions just email me at: Minnesota_Sue@yahoo.com   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>specialk
<Content>There are better choices than this We're seasoned AI travelers and while the Melia is large (lots of walking) and well landscaped there are serious negatives. If you are traveling under a package deal (apple, funjet, etc) remember that run of house means you may not get anything like what you imagine for a room. Our two couple party had both requested Kings in the same building. We got the king, the other couple got doubles (no hot water and a non working toilet).The 13 ala carte dining choices are now 10 after the FIRE of course they call it remodeling. The truth is that a gas explosion took out three restraurants and nearly the Caribe lobby.As for the rooms, on the Caribe side the bedding is showing its age and so it the furniture. 5 stars??? more like 3 stars at best. Our comparisons - Aventura Palace, most Iberostars, most upper end Riu's.Our last January visit was cool. Too cold for the pool. Too grey to suntan. If Punta Cana is your choice, select La Romma instead.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaddyandCamsmom
<Content>Beautiful place ... food iffy Just returned from a week at the Melia Caribe ( 1/30-2/6 ). First, the resort is absolutely beautiful !! The beach is very large and so incredible. You will not have a problem getting a chair on the beach. The pool is also very large and we never had a problem getting chairs. The weather was perfect - around 75-80 degrees ! We stayed in building 27 which was a great location ... very close to the pools, spa on the Caribe side of the resort. It was also one of the train stops, so if you got sick of walking you could just hop on the train. My 1 1/2 year old also loved riding the choo-choo. The fumes were a bit tough ... but not a huge deal.The staff were all fantastic ... very attentive and tried very hard to please you. Most of them did not speak very good English but they did their best to try to understand. Everyone was so nice to my daughter ... the waiters and waitresses would always talk to her and try to make her laugh - even picked her up and walked around the restaurants. We didn't use the Kids Club, but it looked nice.The grounds are amazing and kept up so well. There were lots of peacocks, flamingos, ducks and other birds on the Tropical side. OK ... so my biggest complain was with the food. You were forced to eat at the buffet for breakfast and lunch as there is no snack place at the pool or a sit down place for lunch. The buffet was pretty much the same each day, they tried to add one or two new things each day, but overall it was the same. Alot of stuff was the same from breakfast to lunch. The breakfast foods were mostly cold unless you order a waffle or omelet. We ate at different a la cartes each night.* Le Gourmet ( International ) - this was good - my husband and I enjoyed it ... althought they did make several substitutions to the dishes - such as using shrimp instead of scallops.* La Pagoda ( Chinese ) - very bad ... honestly, what can you say about Dominican Chinese food !! Don't do it ! * Japanese - this was good ... the rice was yummy, the chicken and beef were good - but the only seasoning that was used was soy sauce. * Ma Maison ( French ) - we ate here twice... the pork was very overcooked but the sauce had a good flavor. The waiters in here are fantastic and keep your wine glass full !* Capri ( Seafood ) - my parents ate here and said the service was incredible but the food was OK ... they again made a substitution on the ingredients without mentioning it when you ordered.* La Gondola ( Italian ) - food was pretty good here ... pasta was pretty basic ... steak was good. A few other small things to note ... the rocks around the pool are extremely slippery ... I fell once and my daughter fell countless times. It's pretty unsafe once it gets wet - you have to watch the kids very closely. Also, try to pay in cash if you can at the spa and gift shops, etc. They do something strange with the exchange rate ... I was supposed to pay $125 USD for a spa treatment which I paid for via VISA, when I looked at my statement it was there for over $138 USD ... the same thing happened in the gift shop when I was supposed to pay $18 for some toys and ended up paying $20. Overall, I would say that was had a great vacation - very relaxing but the food was mediocre at best. We were all happy to come home and get some real food. Best of luck !!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dynamic
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star My husband and I (along with our infant daughter) went to this resort for 2 LONG weeks in December, 2004 and it was the worst trip we have ever been on. In the end, we made the most of it, but there were so many problems with the service that we had to work hard at overcoming the problems. I would rate this hotel a 3-1/2 star and if that is the mentality you have going in, you'll have a good time. It is certainly NOT a 5 or even 4 star.here are the positives:-pool was very nice-grounds were well maintained-our maid was terrific-Japanese and Seafood restuarants very good (in fact, most of the food was good - although the buffet got boring by day 3)-we didn't get sick-the gym was amazing-the spa was great awesome massage outside!)-the staff loved our little baby and always laughed and played with her wherever we went-bartending staff were great and made us Bloody Caesars!-they have a small number of comfy cabanas around the pool that are perfect for small families-beach volleyball was great every day-other people seemed to enjoy the activies (we didn't partake, but ppl always looked like they were having fun)Here are the negatives-Service was horrible in most cases (certainly not consistent)-we constantly ran into hotel staff who were drunk and making comments to us - I am glad I was with my husband!-Rooms are not consistentHere is our story....-we hired a private car through the resort to pick us up at the airport (with the baby we didn't feel like taking the bus)-they didn't take one of our bags out of the van and when we noticed, my husband tried to run after the van (it was just pulling away) and was told by the hotel staff that they would stop the van at the gate before it left - NO PROBLEM.-Well, I will save you the long drawn out story, but we got the bag 2 days later after MUCH arguing and eventually tears.-the bag had sat in the van for 2 days in the sun and all of the formula for our 6month old went rancid (thank goodness I had split it up between our 2 bags as they didn't sell any at the resort).-they RCI rep kept telling us throughout the ordeal that it was our fault for not checking inside the van before it took off - how helpful!-I had to pay $20US for a mini bottle of contact solution (my toiletries were in that bag - along with my glasses- UGH) and ended up having to water down her formula for 5 days of our trip-the first room we checked into was horrible - filthy and right on a main road next to the rear of the buffet restaurants (lots of trucks dropping off supplies - tons of banging, etc. and lots of fumes from the trucks)-the crib (which I had pre-booked) had to have been from a world war (a large sharp piece of metal was actually sticking out of it) and only when I complained and finally demanded a new crib did a brand new one miraculously appear (if they have good ones... why give us this?)-our maid was excellent, however the other maids all screamed to each other from all over the resort at any time of day (cleaning is 9am-5pm with no apparent schedule)-the 2nd room - I cut my leg open on a big spring sticking out of the mattress and was told that I would not get another mattress that day and even then they tried to give us 2 twins instead of a King (took 12 hours to get a new bed... finally at 11:30pm we got it... great when you have a 6 month old to tend to...)-Timeshare salespeople hounded us EVERY day of our 2 week vacation - give it up already - we arent' interested!-front desk staff are completely useless and rude-the Baby club, which I had enquired about directly with the resort when booking, was actually closed for renovations the first week we were there. Instead they had a small hotel room with a couple of cribs - we didn't use it!-the casino is a joke-getting a reservation for the a la carte restaurants was difficult - I realized at the end of our first week that when the operator tells you there are no reservations available before 9:30pm that she is outright lying. Once I figured that out, I would tell her that she should double check and that I wanted a 7pm reservation - end of story. Once I took this approach I ALWAYS got the reservation.In the end, my husband and baby made my vacation wonderful - the resort didn't. One final tip to anyhow who is booking... make sure you get a room that is close the pool/beach. We felt horrible for the people who were near the front (where the restaurants are) as they had a huge hike every day.Also - if you are single... this is not the resort for you. It is couples/families only.We are planning our next vacation and have happily discovered this site so I can check out reviews before booking.Happy vacationing!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We Loved It!!! Returned February 4, 2005 after a week at Melia. Let me start by giving you some background on us. My wife and I are approx. 30 and have travelled to the DR before as well as Jamaica a couple of times. We have stayed at some very high end 5 star resorts as well as one lower end 3 star. We enjoy travelling, making the best of all situations, and experiencing new things.I would like to first start off by saying this is not the USA. If you are looking for the North American pace, someone who speaks perfect English, a BIG MAC with fries and a Budweiser....STAY HOME. You will not find it at Melia or anywhere else in the DR. Please remember that you are in a Spanish speaking, 3rd world country that, in my opinion, is a little piece of paradise...for it's unique culture.We flew out of Toronto and let me tell you...it was very cold when we left. Punta Cana was a balmy 78 degrees when we arrived (10:00pm). Once we got to the resort, then to our room we pretty much called it a day.It took us about a day to get the lay of the land. The resort is very large, but well laid out. There are maps and trains to get you around. It depends what you are looking for. One of the girls in our group has some knee problems, but still never really had a problem getting around. That's what the train is for.Without sounding like a broken record from all the other review you have read, here is what we thought:RESORT...awesome! The beach, the grounds and the pool were incredible. A little windy at times. I think if the temperature was 82 degrees and the windchill made it feel like 81 degrees. Not a real concern. I can't describe how beautiful the grounds were. With all the palm trees and the huge free form pools....AWESOME.COCKTAILS...very yummy. I am a big beer drinker and found the Presidente to be very good. Top shelf liquor available...lots of rum drinks. All good with no complaints. Keep this in mind, when you order a drink, relax...you have all day and night to get drunk. You are in the Islands to relax. Trust me that by 3am, when the last bar closes, you will be good and drunk. Oh yeah...the diarrhea is not from the water or the food. It is from all the fruit that you eat down there plus all the drinks. Pina Coladas are made with pineapple juice and coconut milk which are both natural laxatives....so if you drink 20 of them, don't be surprised if you don't feel so great.THE EMPLOYEES...friendly and helpful. Most of them spoke enough English to communicate just fine. They all smile and will help you in any way they can. Learn a little Spanish...it's fun!THE FOOD...pretty good. We ate at an a-la-carte restaurant every night. We tried them all. Our favourites where the Japanese and Chinese. A close second was the International and the French. Average food in the Italian and Steakhouse. We did not enjoy the Seafood but the couple we went with loved it. To each his own. Breaky and lunch where pretty simple with lots to choose from. If you are looking for a little taste from home eat lunch at the Caribe side beach BBQ. They have grilled chicken, chops and steak everyday. All and all the food was pretty good.To some things up this is a quieter resort. Very beautiful. A great spot to go and clear the mind, catch some rays and enjoy some libations. It sure beats the heck out of a cold Canadian winter. I strongly recommend this resort to anyone...unless you complain about everything. If that is the case, stay home so those who do choose to enjoy themselves at this beautiful resort can do it without hearing all the complaining about slow service, lack of English speaking employees, how cold the pool is, and so on.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to the neg. reviews My Fiance and I traveled to the Melia Caribe last June (04). We thought the trip was heavenly. We were hesistant to go at first reading all the negative reviews, however we knew people that did go to the resort they loved it. The grounds are so gorgous, so it doesn't matter if you have to walk to get to dinner, its worth it. the beaches the pools the food and the drinks we thought were great, yes some were different but worth trying. There are just too many miserable people out there. I am a picky person and can honestly say this trip is well worth the $$$.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>EXCELLENT This place was amazing. I was a bit scared after all the reviews I read on tripadvisor but it was the complete opposite. I think the worst part of the trip was the walk from the pool/beach to our room. We went in a group of twelve and had more then a floors worth of rooms booked. No one got sick and no one complained except about the walk back and forth to the rooms. We had a basket of fruits  champagne in our rooms when we got there. The staff was awesome. Considering there was around the clock open bars, some of our friends lost there room key more then once and they had staff at our doors right away. I am unsure what other people where expecting of this place but I must definetely say not only did we all get our money's worth but we had a great time!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you do not have a good time, you did not drink enough! Please do your homework before you go there. Once you get there it is very confusing and bring a spanish dictionary. There are so many issues that I will list them separately:1) When you check in request 2 keys ( Depending on your room you get, when you leave your room everything shuts off automatic,( lights, a/c and clock)2) The safe's in the rooms do not work, you will have to pay for one at the front desk (They do not tell you until you get in your room)3) Find out where your room is, this place is huge. You need great walking shoes. When the walkways are wet you will slip and slide. They have a train to pick you up at differant locations. The buildings to stay inare 24 - 30. There are 2 sides of the resort. Caribe (adult side and Tropical ( kids side). If you have children they have a play area that is lovely.4) Reservations are needed for the specialty restaurants 24 hour in advance. This is very difficult. You have to start at 8:00am and don't stop until you get through. The private number to call is 4001  4002,they tell you to call 6313 but you will never get through. If you are smart tell them you have a early tee time and you will not be able to get to a phone. Chances they will let you make a reservation in advance and you will have to call them for a confirmation number.5) Do not drink beer when you are with a group of people. I witnessed a bartender from a distance drinking from someones glass as he was pouring beer. Always drink at the bar, that way you see everything!6) Make sure you meet your maid, chances are that getting towels, soap, toilet paper, kleenex,coffee and cups together in your room are very rare.7) There is no shopping for those who like to shop. There are only 2 small gift shops with junk in them.8) There was a fire that destroyed 2 restaurants. Spain and Mexico.This happened 01/20/05. If you like eating at these restaurants you better check to see if they have been refurbished.9) If you are planning to stay beyond 7 days, beware! When you go past the 7th day you locks on your door get cancelled. We did not know this and you can imagine how we were affected when we found out that we were locked out of our room. Another issue that we were not prepared for.10) If you love Salsa Music you will love this place. That is all you hear.There is no place to dance or entertainment for American's to enjoy.The shows are in Spanish and are not very good.11) Casino is open at night only. 8:00pm - 3:00am. Very small, odds are very bad.12) Golf is nice. The have a 27 hole golf course. A lot of construction is going on and is very noisy.13) There is a lot of construction going on the resort. Try to stay away from buildings 31 -36. Very bad !!!!!I hope this information helps you out, going to the Dominican should be a once in a life time experience. This is a very rural area and you should consider talking to your doctor about taking some medication to prevent malaria. Cases have been found. Remember, if you are not having fun you are not drinking enough.Beware those you have children, beaches are topless!!!!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again I would not recommend the Melia Caribe Tropical or the Dominican Republic, for that matter, to anyone. We have traveled extensively throughout the Carribean and have never had such a bad experience. First of all, the layout of the resort is poorly designed. Too large and you need to take this ridiculous train that spews stinky smoke to get anywhere. The train station was right in front of our room so our sleep was continuously disturbed by late night partiers and the train whistle. We usually walked but don't even think about wearing nice shoes, especially heels, the cobblestone paths will ruin them.The food is absolutely horrendous -- and we're not that picky. The buffets have the same slop every day for b-fast and lunch. We pretty much live on beans and rice. The chicken was usually okay (although usually dry and overcooked) but don't even think about having steak or pork. You won't be able to cut it with your knife. There are several specialty restaurants that require reservations the day before. The Steakhouse is terrible -- you couldn't eat the steak. The French restaurant was also awful. The Japanese and Italian restaurants were the best. Good sushi  ravioli.People were getting sick left and right -- we heard stories of people ending up in the hospital. As in Mexico, don't drink the water. The beaches and water were okay but nothing like Cayman or Turks  Caicos. There's really nothing else to do but lie in the sun so we became bored quite quickly. It's not safe to leave the compound unless you do one of the excursions which we were told by others weren't worth the bother. On the bright side, the gym was fairly good. It was probably the first vacation I've had where I actually lost weight since I worked out every day and, of course, didn't eat much at all. The spa also was good. I did have one of the best facials I have ever had.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We got sick We were a group of 14 scandinaviens who stated a week on this resort.We were all looking forward to have a nice time.When you arrive on the airport you have to pay 10us$ and you have to fill out a travel form.Remember to kib the kopi because you ned it when you are going home.If you dont have it you have to pay 20$.Nobody told us that.The Resort looked good when we arrrivede at 700pm. We got our rooms . they were not very beauteful, but ok.We had a conecttet room were the door betwin was looked. But we could hear evry thing that our nabo was saying.The next morning at 700 am the was a lot of nocie. I lokked out of the window a next to the resort a new resort was build. The noice was terribel.After a lot of discousen we was told that we in 2 dayes could have a new room.One of the member of our group hat sundenly stomeck problem and had too stay in bed for 3 days.The next night there was a big fire on the Spanies and Mexican resturance. they burnd down to the ground. We was very afraid that the fire spreed to the building where rest of the group was at sleep.There was no fire alarm so we had too run and get evry body out of bed and down to the pool. We was so happy, that the strong wind was blowing the fire away from the resort.I do not want too think have teriebel the fire could have been if the wind was in the other direktion.I hope the resort will install a fire alarm?Next moning 2 from our group was complening of pain in there stomack.The situation accelratet and they was woometing and had stomack problem.In the evning one of them got very high fiver and was taken by ambulance to the lokal hospital, he was given a lot of different medicin .The staff on the hospital was very nice but the standart was not very high and the rooms was not aircondition. The next day his wife also got very sick and also was send to the hospital with woometing stomeck proplem and feber cramp.It will cost 5000us$ fore there stay on hospital.Now it was time too shift rooms and we got a must better room and there was no nocie.The next two days was ok byt everybody was afraid of beeing sick.After 3 days the people on the hospital got back but evry body was just thinking of getting home.When we was sitting in the Air France plan we all just wanted to get back to Europe.After 1,5 hour flies one of the women of the group sundentlige got sick.She past out fore 3 min. and then was wommeting and had stomek problem. When we arrrivede at Copenhagen airport she was taken too the Hospital by ambulance and had to stay there fore 4 dayesThe domicans are very smiling , the resort was ok and the byffes in the morning and too lunch is ok but the food in the evning is not very good and the problem with all inclusive is that nobudy are doing some thing special .  There was a lot of russians on the resort.The beach and the pool is great.Massage i s very good but a littel too expensive 60$ fore 1 hour.When you know a doctor is given 360$ pr month in salery. the Spa is nice but one of the problem is cleaning. The girl who was clening the floor in the Spa ariea just took the water from a small pool were a turtle was living and when they was cleaning the drinking mashin in the gym it was with the same water that he has being clening the work out mashines with.Dont drink the water at the gym.The resort is nice but they have too do some thing about that pepole are geting sick.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blast-7
<Content>Fire Melia Tropical WE had just arrived the night the fires broke out. We had thought there was fireworks outside but to our surprise the one resturant was ablaze and spreading like a wild fire out of control. WE thought our vacation would be ruined because we had thought the whole front end of the lobby had also went up. They finally had the fire under control and we went to our rooms to find a letter the next morning to assure us that the fire was only material and nobody was hurt and that the 2 resturants that burnt we would still have full access to the other 12. Wouldn't believe when we went down where the fire was they had already started building huge wall to cover up the damage. By that night they had painted and stuccoed these walls to blend in with the rest of the resort.... Wow you couldn't tell that anything went on. There was a party of 8 of us and we give this resort 5 Stars for the quality of food, outstanding beaches,great rooms and the service was great. Golfing was great don't worry about booking your tee-off times they always get you in and you can book 24 hours in advance. Bring large plastic cups, this will stop you from running to the bar from the beach every 10 minutes. WE tipped 2 or 3$$$ to our cleaning lady and we recieved outstanding service with flowers all around our room towels shaped like swans Our trip was a blast and we would go back to this resort in a heartbeat  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again Where do I start? Our family of six spent one week here from Dec26/04 to Jan2/05. 1. We were constantly harassed by time share salesmen who worked for Melia. Very aggravating.2.The restaurant by the beach and pool was buffet style and open air. There were house flies all over the buffet food. There was no effort by the hotel to prevent this or protect the food. The only way to feel at all comfortable eating there was to stand in line for the few items they cooked on the spot like spaghetti or eggs. In fact all the buffet restaurants were like this.3. Four of us got sick which I presume was from the food since we only drank bottled water.4. Lots of mosquitos even though they say they fumigate. This is a concern because of the malaria cases recently traced to Punta Cana.5. The icing on the cake... We were told to reserve in person at 8:30 am (the prior day) for dinner reservations for New Year's eve. We did but when we arrived at the restaurant at 9 pm (right on time) we were told that there was no room! Apparently the manager deliberately overbooks. We ended up starting dinner at 10:30 pm at one of the crummy buffet restaurants.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst ever! Do not go here! This was the worst vacation I have ever been on. The food was some of the worst I have ever eaten ever. I am not a picky eater and have traveled to many different countries around the world. This was the worst. We lived on Pepto and Immodium the whole week we were there. The grounds, yes I have to admit are beautiful, but when it takes you 20 minutes to walk from your room to the beach it kind of takes away from it. You should be prepared for people who know little or nothing of the English language. Communicating is next to impossible and some of the staff were flat out rude and ignored you. The casino is only open from 8PM - 3AM so on the days it rains there is nothing at all to do. There was a fire there the last night I was there which completely burned two of their restaurants to the ground. They have no fire alarms, no sprinkler systems and it took 45 minutes for the first fire truck to arrrive - a little dangerous don't you think? I would think twice about vacationing here if you have one booked. I would never go back in a million years.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation January 27, 2005My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Melia Caribe Troical and our only regret was that we didn't stay longer! After booking the trip, I had read many horrible reviews of this place and actually came very close to calling our travel agent to change our plans. I can honestly say I am so glad I didn't do that. I really can't understand how some people can find just about anything to complain about (eg. the swimming pool isn't heated-when you're in a tropical environment with temperatures of 85-88 degrees)! My conclusion is that some people are never satisfied, are very hard to please and just don't know how to relax and chill out. Just about every complaint I had read, I found to be untrue. We found the staff there to be very friendly, speak not only good English (or at least attempt to) but most of them also could speak French, German, Russian, Italian, etc. I really never felt it necessary to speak Spanish except basic words like hola, gracias, etc. I felt the service was great, the rooms were clean and large, the pool and beach were beautiful as were the entire grounds of the resort. The staff is always cleaning, polishing, working in the gardens, etc. and are very willing to help you with whatever you need. One guy even gave me a fresh coconut which he cut open so we could sample eating and drinking it. We were even able to extend our check-out time to 1:00 without charge since our flight didn't leave until later in the afternoon. I was extremely worried about the complaints about the food and especially about people getting sick there. We had no problems in this area either. We drank the bottled water and avoided anything in the buffets that didn't look fresh (some things are sitting on a buffet in warm temperatures and difficult to keep cold) and didn't eat any fresh vegetables or fruit that couldn't be peeled or boiled. We drank the water they poured for you in the a la carte restaurants, as well as juices, soda, etc. which would have water in them and had no problem. We were told that the resorts do have extra filters on their water systems to be used for cooking, etc. and were fine to drink. I think that alot of people at all-inclusives, trying to get their money's worth, overeat and definitely drink alot of alcohol. Alot of the tropical-type drinks use coconut or banana and maybe this causes some of the problems. We also had no problems eating dinner in the a la carte restaurants or getting reservations for them. The food in them was very good with a nice atmosphere. As far as the people at the hotel trying to sell the time-shares, telling them very nicely no thank you was really all it took for them to leave you alone. The bottom line is if you expect things to be like in the United States, then you're better off limiting your travel to the United States. Part of the adventure of traveling to another country is the differences in culture, the types of people you meet there, etc. Don't expect to go there and see no Europeans, etc. and think the service, food, etc. will be just like at home. This is a third world country, afterall, and even in places like Hawaii, things are more laid-back and less hurried, which is hopefully why you're on vacation. I think our country could learn a lesson from these people. I would go back here anytime and hope we get the chance to do that soon. I think that as in all areas, your attitude is what determines the kind of time you will have. Being friendly and treating other people, even the people who are there to serve you, with compassion and respect goes a long way in the type of experience and service you have everywhere. We are not the type of people who feel they need to be waited on hand and foot to have a good time. If you're too lazy to walk to the pool bar to get your own drinks, or you need to complain about the long walk from the rooms to the lobby even though you're walking in paradise, then maybe this isn't the place for you. Otherwise, I highly recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>happycouple-7
<Content>Third times A Charm This resort is wonderful. This was our third time at melia tropical caribe and it gets better everytime we go. The food was amazing and the people what can I say Terrific. The room was clean the pools are to die for the beach is white sand and the weather is great.We had no problems with reservations we ate a la carte everynight ,it was all wonderful.Let me just say people who are use to peanut butter sandwiches might be in trouble because it is very exotic. Remember your in the carribean not a pizza parlor or american steakhouse. The food was very well prepared and well presented. If you chose this resort I think you will be plesently surprised. Yes there is construction but you know what its also at home. Give them a break.The only down side to our holiday was our last night there two restaurants caught fire. It was midnight and noone was hurt and the staff was great they contained the fire until firetrucks could get there.After all that they were up very early cleaning and making people feel very comfortable.Like I said wonderful staff.I would reccomend this resort to everyone. Make sure to visit the caribe lobby bar great bartenders there.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So So ....       beach  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOT Worth the price My wife and I spent a week during New Year's 2004-2005 at the hotel. The minute we steped in trouble arrived. Check in is at 3 pm, we arrived at 2 pm but were not given our room until pass 5 pm and even then the beds were not done, neither were towels in the bathroom.While we were waitging for the room to be ready we walked the hotel grounds (I have to say they are beautiful) but the several employees harrased us trying for us to sign up for a breakfast meeting in which we would be given a hat and a complimentary beach bag (we suspect it a technique for selling time-sharin), the harrasment continued for the entire week everywhere on the hotel except the beach.The following morning, after spending the entired day at the pool and beach we returned to our room and neither one of the keys for the room did work, we had to go to the reception fr them to program the keys again and listen to a nasty clerck telling us that this happened (he assumed) becuse we got the keys wet; this incident repeated itself 3 more times.The hotel has several a la carte restaurants and reservations are done via phone, but when we called around 9 am they were always in meetings, then we called again in the afternoon and most of them were already booked. We dined at the chinese restaurant the second night at 10:30 pm and when we were sitted, the waiter told us that they were almost out of food and the only choice was one item on the menu; my wife and I thought it would be a fight on the restaurant that night, because everyone in there was pretty upset at the surprise.We were able to get reservations at teh japanese restaurant on our last night but it was a dissapoinment, we had to get up from the table and get the drinks ourselves because of the lousy service, when one of the customers complained to the waiter, he in a very polite manner cursed at him in spanish (my wife and I understand spanish).The Mariscos restaurant wasa real good one and the service excellent, for one and half hours we felt very good.To sumarize what we received for $3000 US for the week... a very lousy service and poor quality food.I do not recomend this place, they have potential but until they understand that people spent money to feel good they will not change  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SheshieNJ
<Content>An amazing place to vacation!!! Just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical on Jan 15th. I am still in shock about how so many could have given this place a negative review. This place really exceeded our expectations.We were a group of 24 friends  family members ranging from age 21 - 65 (and one 5 year old child). The resort and its' surroundings are beautiful. We stayed in building 27, which was a perfectly located near the pool, beach and breakfast/lunchbuffet. Our room was large, clean and stocked daily with water and soda. We requested our location, as well as, king -vs- double beds, upper or lower room, etc. Every request was granted. Check-in was smooth and well organized.We ate at Capri, Japanese, MaMaison, LaGondola and Mexican. The food was good with a diverse enough menu to accomodate even our pickier eaters. The breakfast and lunch buffets were good as well (El Turrey). There were made to order omlettes and Belgian waffles and tons of other things to choose from (try the oatmeal - it's awesome). Lunch had a made to order pasta station where you could choose both the type of pasta and sauce. There was also a grill, where steaks and chicken were made to order. The paella served at lunch was one of the best I've ever had.The service in the restaurants was slower than what we're used to on the east coast, but never slow enough to be annoying. Relax, take your time. You're on vacation!We spent a lot of time at the pool bar and the Caribe lobby bar. They are definatley not stingy with the spirits. There were top shelf liquors, every type of frozen drink imaginable and of course, ElPresidente (not too bad considering I'm a Guiness drinker). After the first day, the bartenders knew many of us by name, and if not, they definately knew our drink of choice. A bit of tipping helped to assure that our glasses were never empty.Every person we met from the maids to the bartenders to the reservation personnel were soooo nice! I have traveled all over the Caribbean and I definatley can say that I have never encountered so many nice people.We did several excursions including the sunset horseback ride and the Marinarium (swimming with sharks and sting rays). My five year old daugther participated in both activities (with a little reservation from mom  dad). During the horseback ride she was the only child so a wrangler was assigned to stay with her the whole time . At the Marinarium, again a person stayed with her the entire time. (he never let go of her life vest for even a minute). He even brought us to a seperate part of the shark pen so that we wouldn't be kicked by other snorkelers. She still has not stopped talking about it.I am so impressed how these strangers went above and beyond to ensure my child's safety and to show her a good time! This warning has been posted a lot, but I have to say it again... The walkways are REALLY slippery. 6 people in our group fell (not sure how much the great service we got at the bar had to do with this). We did see people all over the place on crutches and in casts. After a rain, it's like ice skating to your destination. Be careful. You'll see what I mean.I can't say enough about the Domincan people and this resort. We had an amazing time. I would return to the Melia tomorrow if I could! Stop worrying this resort is GREAT!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Wedding, Wonderful Time We returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical on 1/10/05. We loved the resort, and were extremely pleased with the wedding. After reading several reviews, I've been very surprised at how negative many of them have been. Overall...- Beautiful Gazebo for the wedding w/pink flamingo's- Our wedding pictures turned out SO nice, we were pleasantly surprised (Jerry was our photographer)- Wedding planner was ok - a few minor issues (Advice - If you are getting married and have a group, be sure to ask for 1 table for your reception dinner. They split our tables up.)- Bug bites were an issue for a few of us - not sure what was biting us though??- The landscaping was unbelievable- The pool is huge and very beautiful - a little chilly but we thought it felt great to cool off!- We liked the size of the resort. It's a bit overwhelming at first, but after the first day, we found we enjoyed the walk in the evenings and it was fun to have such a large place to explore- Our number 1 priority on vacations is not food - that said - we thought the food was very good compared to other all-inclusives we've stayed at-For the most part the service was excellent as well. In general things will take longer in the carribean, it is a difference in culture. Not everyone runs around 100mph 24 x 7. -I would also recommend learning just a few common phrases or words in Spanish before you go. -Barter, negotiate, do what ever you please, they are willing to accomodate. If not, go to Florida and pay double the price.Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Long way to go We just came back with a group of 40. As you read the grounds are great. I was very lucky to stay at the Golf Suites they were great. Sleeps 4 two separate bedrooms, livingroom, kitchen  two bathrooms. You could walk outside from livingroom to have your coffee or relax. Also our safe was included. You also had your own little cafe. They made you breakfast or lunch {very private}. Very thankful I stayed there. Now for my freinds they stayed next to the pool  beach they were not to happy. No waitress service @ pool you had to get your own drinks. They had problems with water pressure on upper level rooms. Hard to get towel service. Food @ main court was really bad. I wouldn't touch any coldcuts, cheeses, hot dogs  other foods hard to describe. Nightime restaurants also were not great. Japanese seemed to be the best {average}. Casino was good for casuel gambling. You must enjoy walking as you read elsewhere. I travel all over I would have to place this trip on the lower end of my list. It has great potential but a long way to go. If anybody has any questions e-mail me .  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you go here, please be aware of the conditions. My family and I just returned from sixteen long days at the above mentioned resort. The grounds are beautiful, and this is the only reason I will rate the resort a two instead of a one, but it was by far the worst vacation we have ever indured. It started on our arrival, when they were more concerned about selling us a time share, then about our long day of travelling, and just getting us to our room. When we finally got to our room, it was musty, and the refridgerator did not work. The next day we noticed we were missing one of our carry on bags that the porters had when we arrived at the resort. I immediately notified numerous people in the front lobby, but seamed to just keep telling the same story to people who spoke very little English, and with no results. Later that day after eating lunch and spending time in the pool, my six year old son said he did not feel well, so we went back to the room, where he started. Around 8:00, I called the front desk to see if there was a doctor on duty, but just kept getting switched to more people that did not speak English. Finally, I reached medical and had a doctor come to the room, where they immediately hooked him up to an iv, as he was dehydrated from all the vomiting. After a few days, he recovered thank god, but then it was my turn. I was sick for five days where I couldn't, or maybe just didn't want to eat or drink anything. The only way I can describe the food, is horrible, as it all tastes the same, and is loaded with grease, and flies, if you eat at any of the outside mess halls. You cannot drink the water, but even the ice cubes, juices, lettuce, ect. has water used in the process, and their water has bacteria from poor filtration and sewer inhabitation. From the amount of people I talked to in the sixteen day period I was there, I would estimate close to fifty percent had also experienced some degree of illness. I would strongly recommend any one planning a trip to this area, contact your doctor ahead of time and be prepared. As for the other aspects of the trip, the weather was fairly nice, around 85 degrees, with occasional showers. The beaches were alright, but alot of seaweed. Because of our conditions, we could not leave the resort, but did manage to go shopping one day, for about an hour. Unless you really enjoy bartering, this was a hassle also, as you will get ripped off. In the end, I could not wait to leave, and would never go back, even if I was offered a free ticket. This resort lacks everything that I want in a vacation, mainly relaxation, with good food and service. Instead we got aggrevation, sick, lost a bag, and quickly got tired of the whole ordeal.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good time Returned 1/5 - first trip there. Apparently, less crowded than the week before. We had very good service all around. Also discovered one of the few people in the Caribbean who can remove a cork from the inside of an empty wine bottle - he is Luis the Maitre'd at Le Gourmet, one of the reservation only restaurants. If you go there, make it a point to see him.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pouk
<Content>A beautiful resort with a big flaw We stayed at Melia Caribe last March for one week. Everything has been said, so I will only give some tips if you decide to go. I think that the resort doesn't deserve the very bad reviews that some of the reviewers posted. Overall is a good resort with some exceptional features (the grounds, the pool and the beach - with the spots that lighten the palms in the night, it's kind of magic) and one major problem, the food and the restaurants reservation system.These are the tips that can help you to decide whether to go or not :1) The resort is very big, so don't go if you want a secluded atmosphere. 2) The beach is beautiful but the water is rough (you cannot easily swim or just float). This is not specific of the resort but of Punta Cana, as I learned afterwards 3) If for you the most important moments of the day are the lunch and the dinner, don't go. The lunch buffet is really bad (it was when we stayed, maybe thay improved it because everybody was complaining), there is quantity but nothing that is worth to eat.The restaurants for the dinner are better and 2 are actually very good (the Chinese and the Japanese), but the dining is very stressful (you never know if you're going to eat where you wanted to and the hostesses are very rude). I mean I'm not the pretentious type but I'm on vacation to relax and every night I have to fight with these people in order to get the food I've payed for ! When we where there you could only make reservations for the Japanise and for the other a-la-carte restaurant it was first-arrived first-served, but the thing is that you could put your name on the list and finally go elsewhere and they kept your reservation, so that the people who actually waited in the line were not allowed to seat when the restaurants were half empty (people got mad). I understand from the last posts that they have changed the system and now you have to make reservations in the morning for all the restaurants but it doesn't seem to work better (but believe me, before it was worst!) And now if you decide to go :- the best tip that I can give is to ask for a room on the pool side. In fact you have everything important at hand if you are close to the pool.You are close to the pool, the beach and the beach restaurants where they also serve breakfast. You are far away from the lobby and the restaurants, but this is not very important in my opinion because it's pleasant to do the walk to the restaurants in the evening (it's actually an activity) and take the time to appreciate the beautiful flowers and flamingos along the path. On the other side, if you are at 20 minutes from the beach/pool and you have forgot something in your room or want to go and take a nap during the day, forget it! - don't pay for a room upgrade. The rooms in general are clean and large but are not very nicely decorated and you don't really get un extra-value with the upgrade - the safe works, but they have to activate it because it's a pay feature.We complained that in an all-inclusive they can't ask for that and at the end we didn't pay it.- if you plan to spend the day around the pool, be sure to put your towel and some personal effect first thing in the morning if you want a good place.I also want to add that I've never seen beach/pool restrooms as clean as at Melia Caribe and I can't figure out how they do to maintain them so clean with all the guests that use them  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DEc18
<Content>Fantatsic Resort My family was there between Dec 18/25. The resort and grounds were remarkable. the rooms were great did not see a misquto the entire time. The service culture was a little slower then in NA, but once you slowed down it was just fine. Food was fine plenty of choices.. the booze was good although occassionaly their understanding of English was off... when your request for a Martini is followed by the question Blanc or Rouge...you can only wait to see what arrives..But this was rare and asking for Gin on the Rocks (Beefeaters) was the easy solution.Golf was great, I had reserved tee times by e-mail and recieved confirmation prior to leaving. Lots to do by day... less so at night but by then we were ready to wind down with a night cap and playing cards in the Lobby. Would I go back?...absolutely!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ldigi4
<Content>Had a wonderful time!! Okay, i like most of you have been looking at these reviews and being worried about the bad ones. let me just say that my family just returned on Dec 23 from a wonderful weekend at the melia caribe. first off, it is so beautiful. flawless landscaping and beautiful architecture and decor. we checked in and immediatly were taken to our room with our luggage. since it was raining we were driven there. because we could not make reservations for the first night we ate in the buffet and it was fine. you do have to call and make reservations for the next day but it is not much trouble. the pool is amazing and the swim up bar is always happening. also the beach is breath taking. they go out and sweep up the seaweed in the early mornings (i saw them do this several times) but some does come back but not bad. we went sailing and snorkeling through the resort and had a great time. also went on a four wheeler excursion adn that was fun too. only complaint is that the food is okay. but it is hot and who wants to eat when it is hot right? i kind of liked coming home from vacation without having gained tons of weight!! also, it is big but not too big. i think the people complaining about the walk were just whiners. we walked every where. from the farthest end to the other took max 10 minutes adn is a very pleasant walk. also the trolly is effiecient if you don't want to walk. the summary of my review is enjoy your trip, be prepared for small hangups- they happen on every vacation- and dont' sweat the small stuff! i would recommend this to anyone!ps-no terrible stomach virus or malaria for us!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOULD LIVE THERE IF I COULD!!! My family and I took a trip down to Punta Cana this past summer (July 19-27) and we stayed at the fabulous Melia Tropical. I would reccomend this beautiful resort to anybody wishing to experience the best service, quality ect ect ect. Not only is Melia Tropical beautiful, the workers are the nicest people you'd ever want to meet in your entire life. They wait on you hand and foot every day of your visit. The dinners were magnificent and there was such a selection. 3-5 course meals every night. Mexican, French, Italian, Seafood, Steak, casual buffets, everything you would want. The rooms are beautiful. They are small, but very cozy. This place is sooo much fun. I am only 13 and i absolutly adore this amazing place. If I felt like relaxing, the pool was warm and soothing and the ocean was just fabulous. It was sooo warm compared to what my Jersey shore or Deleware river. Also, there are so many things to do in the ocean. Catamaran, kiyaking (sp?) banana boat and so much more. Also you could book for a small fee a trip to a virgin island on a large Catamaranm, horseback riding (my absolute favorite!), quading, scuba diving, any adventure on land or sea is at your fingertips. The people of Punta Cana and the entire D.R. Island are so kind and loving. On our quading trip it started to rain (it does every day for about 15 minutes to an hour) so we pulled over at a gift shop and the children who have next to nothing came up to us rich americans with beautiful flowers and all the love in the world. I would go back to Punta Cana anytime and would deffinatly stay at Melia Caribe. You have to go it is the absolute best!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing to dislike We have recently returned from Melia CaribeTropical after our son's wedding. We arrived on 24 November 2004 and our son, daughter in law and 6 other people arrived from London on 25 November. Our son was taken ill on the plane and was taken to hospital immediately. I must say that the Thomson rep, Mark and the hotel receptionists were very, very helpful. The receptionist telephoned the hospital to enquire when our son and daughter in law would be arriving at the hotel. When they did arrive they were taken care of straight away. Mark did an absolutely wonderful job. He was there for us all the time making sure our son and daughter in law were OK and happy with any arrangements made. He also checked on the rest of the wedding party, not just the wedding couple. My husband was unwell whilst there and he telephoned the room to make sure he was drinking plenty and OK. The wedding went very well and once again Mark was absolutely fantastic! Well done to Thompsons. The only thing we found wrong with the wedding was the Wedding Planner Angelica. We were not very impressed with her at all. She knew that our son had been unwell and taken to hospital on arrival and when they spoke to her with the details of the wedding it was only a few days after arrivel. Therefore there was a lot to take in and unfrotunately they forgot where the restaurant was that they booked for the wedding meal. They did not worry too much however because Angelica informed them that they would be taken from the reception to the restaurant at 6pm. Due to the photographs going on a little bit longer we were in the reception a little after 6. Nobody came for us. Our son had to find the restaurant and take us to it. As we were just about to go into the restaurant Angelica was coming to look for us. When I stated that she should have come for us earlier she said that our son and daughter in law knew where the restaurant was! I thought that was very bad indeed, she did not even apologise. Apart from that, we have no complaints whatsoever about the hotel, the staff and the cleanliness is unbelievable. The staff are working all the time to make it better. There was nothing too much trouble for them and the staff were always smiling. This will be a holiday for us to remember for a long time and we would like to hope that we can return there one day. We have recommended this hotel to lots of friends and family.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charlieg
<Content>Melia Caribe was great - would go back anytime Was there from Dec 18th to 25th and really enjoyed it. Hotel buildings (lobby, rooms, restaurants) are in great shape and very well decorated. Grounds are large hence the complaints of walking from one end to the next but hey - the gardens are lovely and walking is good for you !The beach and pools are the best I have ever seen. Absolutely fantastic.Buffet breakfast and lunches were more than adequate. Lot's of choice althogh repeated most days but something for everyone. Restaurants were a pain to book but some very good (French, Japanese, International) and some average (Mexican, Italian) and some bad (Chinese) but other felt differently so I guess it is personal experienceDrinks were okay all round except for the white wine which is vile. Drink the champagne instead.We did not get harassed by the vacation club people and in fact did got to the presentation for the gifts (ha ha)The evening entertainment was bad but got better as the week progressed. We did not care thought and would not have bothered if it were not for staying up with the kids for a bitOverall we really enjoyed it and would go back again. My only complaint had nothing to do with the resort but rather selfish people either arriving of coming back to their rooms late and making a noise. Inconsiderate loud talking and slamming doors at 3 or 4 in the morning - just plain thoughtlessAsk any specific on the discussion forum - I'd be glad to answer anything  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really loved this resort. Will Go back. My wife and I just got back from our holiday at the Melia. I must admit I was a little worried considering all the bad reviews. We loved this resort. The beach was heaven, especially at the beginning of the Tropical side because it is here where you can really relax and sleep all day on the beach if you wish without being bothered by alot of noise. Sometimes we felt we are on our own due to the hotel not being as busy(Dec.5-Dec.19). The grounds were incredible, the drinks they made in the lobby were alot better then the ones at the pool bar. The food at the Japanese rest was very good, Italian not so good, French was Okay and I am being generous here because we liked the environment there. It was there best looking restaurant. I enjoyed the steakhouse which is really the buffet restaurant by the beach converted at night so you can have dinner outdoors. We didn't try the Chinese because we heard it wasn't great. In regards to reserving your restaurant I found this to be the most stressing part of the holiday. You have to call at 8AM sharp or you will be either redialing because of the busy signal or you will be on hold for a long time. I once fell asleep with the phone to my ear for 1 hour for my reservation. This wasn't fun at all. They have to change this system. They are getting bombarded with calls from at least 1000 people after 8AM so you can imagine how difficult it is to get through. I must admit a few times I got through right away. The bar staff in the lobby were all great. Tropical side had a live band at night and they were great. Some people complain that the staff doesn't smile on this website. Yes you do get that from time to time but ignore them your on holidays or find a good waiter tip he or she like we did on a daily basis and you will see that your service will go up 100%. We tipped for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The only other problem I found with the hotel is that the staff does work very hard but the are short staffed. This is definitely the managements fault and they should bring in more staff instead of frustrating people with a 2 hour dinner. All in all we loved this resort and will definitely go back to the Melia as we have been all over the Caribean and we would rank this resort 2nd so far to Sandals Negril. Remember you are on holidays don't let small things bother your or your trip will be ruined in a hurry. Like the song goes Don't worry be happy. Toronto, Canada  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NJ_Travelers
<Content>Our Wedding Review Some general statements about our trip. We have read many of the reviews online, and we feel that some people are just going to complain for the sake of complaining. No resort is perfect, and there are always things that you can point out that aren鈥檛 exactly the way you would want them. A vacation is what you make of it, and your attitude can make a difference. Yes, knowing a little Spanish will help at the Melia resort. Don鈥檛 be afraid to attempt to speak in Spanish. The Dominican people are incredibly nice, and they appreciate the attempt at Spanish. We learned many words and sayings just by asking the staff. There were a few instances that communication was a challenge, but be patient. Remember, things move a little slower down there sometimes. The best way to handle it is have another drink and don鈥檛 let it get to you. Relax, you are on vacation. We arrived in Punta Cana on the afternoon of 12/2/04. Our transfer was pretty seamless, and when we arrived at Melia we were greeted with a tropical drink and a private check in because we were there for our wedding. The staff at the guest services desk is extremely friendly and helpful. Most of our family and friends arrived at the resort on Friday 12/3/04. We stayed at this resort until Monday 12/6 and then transferred to Secrets Excellence for our honeymoon for the next week. We will also post a review of Secrets Excellence in the near future.Resort:The grounds of the resort are beautiful, and we really liked the flowers, trees and ponds on the property. This is definitely a big resort. We stayed on the Caribe side which we thought was the nicer side. Our room (3505) was a good location for us. It was right near the pool and the beach and close to the beach restaurants for breakfast and dinner. The other restaurants are about a 10 minute walk or you can ride the tram. The only problem with the tram is that you have to time it right or it can take you about 陆 hour to make it to the lobby. The walk was actually nice at night after the sun went down. The pool is awesome, and there are plenty of chairs and huts to sit under. It was nice because it didn鈥檛 really feel overcrowded with kids. The swim up pool bar is nice, and they have a good selection to choose from. One recommendation would be to maybe have some snacks near the pool outside of the restaurant. The beach at this resort is beautiful with plenty of room to relax in the sun. In comparison to Secrets Excellence, we liked the beach at Melia better. Yes, there are plenty of topless sunbathers at the pool and the beach. There is a lot of construction going on next door with the building of timeshares, but we were not able to hear anything once we got into the room.Food:The first night, Thursday, we were there we ate at the Spanish buffet restaurant which we thought was pretty good. There were several types of paella and other Spanish dishes. On Friday night we were originally supposed to have dinner with our family and friends at Capri (Seafood), but we were notified the day before we left for Punta Cana that it would be closed that night. Due to that reason, we chose to have our rehearsal at the Spanish restaurant. This wasn鈥檛 the end of the world because most of our family and friends were not there on Thursday when we ate there. We originally made a reservation at Ma Maison on Saturday night, but the day before we left we also learned that this restaurant would be closed on Saturday. After speaking with Angelica, she arranged for us to have a private dinner at Ma Maison on Saturday, our wedding night. We really enjoyed this meal, and our family and friends had a great time. The food was great 鈥?we chose the pumpkin soup and beef. The staff at the restaurant was incredible. The servers were very friendly, and they even held and played with the two babies in our group so their mothers could enjoy their meal. Sunday is when the only complaint about the food came up. We were not thinking about dinner reservations the morning after our wedding, and we ended up not finding a reservation for our group of 15 when we tried to call later in the day. This left us with a choice of the Spanish restaurant (again) or the International restaurant. We ate at the International restaurant and made the best of it even though we didn鈥檛 really like it. We really think that the Melia needs to open a few more restaurants or change their reservation policy. If you do not make a reservation at 8am, you won鈥檛 get a table especially for a group. We unfortunately did not get a chance to try any of the other restaurants, and that is our only regret.Breakfast and lunch at the beach restaurant is pretty good, but is the almost the same every day. Another recommendation would be to have a bar open later near the pool or beach. The closest bar at night was at the lobby which was at least a 10 minute walk.Service:The Dominican people are wonderful. They are continuously dancing and singing as they work with a smile on their faces. Don鈥檛 be afraid to try to speak in Spanish, even if you know very little. We could all stand to learn something from their attitudes. Most people knew at least a little English, but some knew more than others. This sometimes became a challenge when ordering drinks. The maids treated us very well, but this may have been because we were getting married. We tipped a few dollars every day, and they would supply us with plenty of water. If there was a problem, every effort was made to remedy the situation. Like we stated previously, remember that things take a little longer sometimes than what we are used to in the US. One complaint would be the persistent timeshare salesmen. This became a little annoying to our group, and we could have done without it. We really hope that the resort does not let this get out of hand like in Mexico. Wedding:Overall, our wedding was everything that we ever thought it would be. The weather was perfect, and Angelica went above and beyond for us. She works very hard, and we are very glad that she was our wedding planner. We truly hope that she continues to be the wedding planner because she is very good at what she does. She cares a lot and it shows. The resort is very lucky to have her. We own a wedding planning company in NJ, and if she ever wanted a job here we would hire her! The wedding gazebo was beautiful, and the flowers and flamingos made it a perfect scene. We spent our honeymoon at Secrets Excellence, and we have to say that Melia has a much nicer wedding gazebo. After the wedding we arranged to have a dj on the beach for 2 hours, and we had a great time dancing in the sand. From there we took a tram back to Ma Maison for dinner, and we ended the night in the casino and sports bar. We would not have changed a single thing about our wedding day. A recommendation for the wedding day would be to space out the weddings a little bit more. We felt a little rushed while taking photos because there was another wedding after ours. Also, Danielle felt that it would be nice if room service was made available to the bride on the day of the wedding. The photos turned out pretty well even though we were a little concerned at first. The proofs are thumbnail size and it is hard to tell if eyes are open or closed and what facial expression you have.Summary:Overall, we think that this is a good resort, and we would recommend it to someone else. The wedding planning and gazebo are incredible, and the grounds of the resort are beautiful. Recommendations for the couples getting married at the resort:First, we read a review before our wedding that recommended the honeymoon suites in building 3500 on the Caribe side. We aren鈥檛 sure what the other buildings are like, but we were very pleased with our room (3505). It was close to the pool, beach, breakfast/lunch and one of the spas. Second, verify the availability of the restaurants for the rehearsal and wedding the day before you leave, and set up reservations at the restaurants before you get to the resort. The restaurants we chose had to be shuffled because of closures. Third, try to recommend that there is enough time in between your wedding and the next wedding that day. We had our wedding at 3pm and we felt a little rushed to get our photos completed before the next wedding. Fourth, there are not steamers available, so if you don鈥檛 want to or can鈥檛 use an iron bring your own steamer. Fifth, do not get stressed out about timelines for the wedding day. You are in capable hands, and Angelica will take care of all the details behind the scenes. Don鈥檛 get stressed out if you wedding starts at 3:15 instead of 3:00. Sixth, anytime you travel with a group it is a challenge. One mistake we made was not making dinner reservation first thing in the morning on Sunday. If possible try to arrange the dinner reservation for the entire stay if you are there with a group. Seventh, don鈥檛 be afraid to tell the photographer what photos you want. We made sure to get the photos that we wanted.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great resort but warning ! Noisy building works taking place Our 4th trip to Punta Cana after Catalonia Bavaro (Jan02), and twice Occidental Flamenco (March03 and 04). We stayed at Melia Caribe last week of Dec.04* Good points :- very nice resorts, a lot of space (it's huge !), fantastic gardens, good restaurants and variety, very nice buildings especially reception, great pool, great beach, all very clean* Bad points :- a noisy resort : many scooters/minitrucks that the staff use to travel round this huge resort, noisy rooms (do ask a 1st floor !)- quite bad service : not a 5* standard, people far less friendly than in other resorts visited in PC, seem to be expecting tips to smile...:-/EXTRA WARNING :The hotel is currently building a huge new wing, which causes a lot of noise in all the CARIBE part, beach and pool included. And works start at 7:00AM and end at 10:00PM !Room advisor : as a result, during check-in, do make sure you are not given a room in bungalow 41 to 45 or 31 to 36. Rather ask for one in bungalows 7 to 16 or 24 to 30.Enjoy your stay !  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent for Weddings, but not much else I got married at the Melia Caribe Tropical and the wedding was the only part of my stay I enjoyed. I'll start with the good:GOOD1. The Gazebo where our wedding ceremony was held was absolutely beautiful. We had the ceremony during sunset and I can not imagine getting married in a more beautiful and romantic setting2. We had a private reception in the El Turey restaurant and used the sunken portion of the restaurant as our dance floor. Amazing.Now the Bad1. I stayed at the Paradisus in Punta Cana earlier this year in January and the regular room in Paradisus was more spacious/luxurios than my Honeymoon suite at Melia.2. My honeymoon suite had no hot water. Splashing around in a cold jacuzzi ws not what I envisioned for my wedding night.3. Buffet and restaurants were not too good. I didnt get sick but many of my weding guests did.4. Service was awful. We spent the majority of our time in the lobby complaining about where our wedding guests rooms were located, lack of hot water, tv's in rooms not working. Getting issues resolved in this place is like trying to move a mountain.All in all, its a great place for a wedding in terms of facilities, but Paradisus is a far superior vacation experience  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save your time, money, and patients! Don't go! My girlfriend and I took a quick vacation in November. My best friend and his girlfriend went three years prior and loved, but had heard it was on a steady decline. I decided we would try for ourselves because the pictures looked so nice and the price was right. Well, let me just say, You get what you pay for! It was without a doubt the worst vacation we have ever been on. It is too big, the service is absolutely terrible and the staff is very unfriendly. It did not take long to check in, but took over an hour for our luggage to be brought to our room. Speaking of our room, we were on the ground floor, and neither our sliding glass door or our safe would lock. Therefore, we could not leave the room until one or the other was fixed. I called the front desk numerous times to get help and all the poor english speaking receptionist could tell me was that i had to get a new key...oh, and they would not bring it to me....I had to walk there (about a 10min walk). The new key did not work. To make a long story short, it was later determined the safe was broken and we had to move to a new room....but one would not be available until 5pm the next day, and to just walk right up and the head receptionist would know the situaion....it was now 3pm and we still haven't seen the beach or pool. We chanced leaving our luggage in the room and threw all of our valuables in her purse and took it with us to dinner, only to find out we could not have dinner because we did not make a reservation 24hrs in advance! Now how was i supposed to do that...i was there for 10hrs. We got sent to a buffet dinner....made a dish, sat down and had a bite, got up and walked out. Disgusting! we decided to go back to the room so we would be with our stuff and order the 24hr room service that was included. So i called room service and was told they were not serving for the rest of the night! I said, Isn't this 24hr room service?, and he said, Yes sir, but not now. What?! We slept it off and went down to the pool the next day with all of our belongings, because our door still wouldn't lock and our safe was still broke. At 4:50pm I walked up to the lobby to get my room changed and the Head receptionist, as expected, had no idea whatsoever as to what my situation was and now had to see if there was a room available. At 6:15pm we got into our new room. The door locked, the safe worked, but there were two twin beds. Our dinner reservation was a 7pm and if your one min late they will not let you in...even if it is their fault. The service is horrible. About 10% of the people there speak english. No one smiles. As your gambling hundres of dollars in the casino the cocktail waitresses roll their eyes at you when you order a drink. You have to physically stand-up and walk around to look for a server to serve you at lunch or dinner. It was just a terrible experience. When I asked for compensation at the end, they told me to talk to my travel agent. I filled out the How did we do? survey, and told the truth, they smirked and put it down next to them. Everyone we spoke with at the airport that had stayed there absolutely hated it and was going to try to get some type of compensation. One couple was on their honeymoon and said they were going to go on another one because the resort made this one so terrible. We could not wait to leave! I could keep going and going.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>True Review I travel to Dominican Republic twice a year at least and also read reviews before I go to all these different resorts. Everyone needs to understand that there is no PERFECT resort. All of them have good and bad things.Melia Tropical is one of the most beautiful resorts I have been in at the Dominican Republic. Also, you all need to know that this resort is combined with Melia Caribe so, this should explain why people complain about how far this and that is. If you stay on your side of the resort, distance should not be an issue. Best villa to stay in is building 2,3,4. The rooms are beautiful and clean. Housekeepers are very nice and keep you well stocked. Nice and CLEAN pools. Perfect place to get married. The gardens are breath-taking. The restaurants are excellent and the buffets are just okay. The service is excellent and yes there are english speaking customer service agents at every counter so, for all you folks that say different, I think you didn't try at ALL to get the assistance you say you needed. The resort is perfect for couples and kids and for those whom just want to lay back on the beach or pool. THIS ISNT A PARTY RESORT. Entertainment at Tropical is decent. Like every resort I've been too, you do have to make reservations to the restaurants a day ahead of time so, make reservations before you get to the hotel so, you can enjoy a nice dinner after you've settled in.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>querida31
<Content>It was great Well my boyfriend and I went in the middle of August, we stayed for 7 nights, after I read the reviews myself I was a little skeptical about going, but I would have to say it was great.. the empolyees were magnificant.. very very kind.. they really care about there jobs, the food gets boring after a while becasue it is international food... (the desserts always good) but I am not a very picky person.. what i did eat I liked... the view was beautiful... everything is nice and clean, and they go a far way to give you things to do. Would I go back? Yes I would. I love Dominican Republic (besides the fact that I am Dominican)  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't go back!! My husband and I visited the Melia Caribe Tropical from 11/14-21 this year. We were looking forward to this trip as we had gone last year and loved it. In fact we loved it so much that we joined the Melia Vacation Club. Upon arriving and waiting on the check-in line for 15-20 minutes we were told to have a seat in the lobby as we had to be checked in by Lorena, who is a vacation club representative. Another 15-20 minute wait. So being a VIP vacation club member means you wind up waiting more to be checked in. So after waiting we are called up to the front desk and are checked in by Lorena. She gives us our room keys and then gives us green bracelets to wear. She makes a big deal of telling us we must come back tomorrow to get yellow bracelets because the yellow ones are for the vacation club members. She can't find any today. Then she tells us that in order to dine at any ala carte restaurant we must make reservations daily. Now last year there were only 1 or 2 restaurants you needed reservations for. The others you could just walk in at anytime. When we joined the vacation club we were told that one of the perks was you could have your reservations made for you for the whole week. We ask Lorena, she tells us we must call daily like everyone else. OK, whatever.We get to our room and settle in. It is in a timeshare building on the Tropical side close to the pool, beach and Turey grill. The room is the same as a regular room except it has a microwave, blender and coffeepot (but no fixings to make coffee or tea). Our toilet paper holder is broken. (no big deal). I make a reservation for La Gondola for the next evening. It takes several minutes to get through and then I am put on hold for another several minutes. I am not even sure that this girl understands what I am saying as she has a very heavy Spanish accent. I hope for the best. We then head for the Atabales international buffet and immediately walk out as nothing looks edible. We go to the Spanish buffet instead and are pleasently surprised. The paella is delicious as well as many of the other Spanish dishes.The next morning we eat at the Turey grill. We are shocked by the lack of help in this area. There are 2-3 servers waiting on 200 people. Every morning it was the same thing. You pick a table, get your food, sit down and then wait for a server to notice you. Sometimes there are no tables with utensils so your food gets cold waiting for them. One time I asked for bottled water and was given a warm one. I had to exchange it for a cold one myself at the bar. Very different experience from last year.OK so now we head to the pool and beach. We notice that the shoreline is filled with seaweed. Not a very good cleanup job. We decide to hang out in the pool instead and are shocked by the water temperature. It is about 70 degrees. Last year we never got out of the pool. The water temperature was easily 88-90 everyday. And we visited in the fall also last year so it's not the season that's making the difference. We notice that there are maybe 4 people in the pool. This is in a resort that has at least 2000 guests. Something is not right. A big resort like this and the pool is not heated?After lunch we go to the vacation club office to find Lorena to get our correct bracelets. She still can't find any. We wait about 10 minutes for her to find some. She puts them on us and makes us sign a form saying that we picked them up (for what I don't know - you don't get any special treatment for it). We go back to our room to freshen up. It is 230 and still our room has not been cleaned. I call housekeeping and am told it will be taken care of. We then see the maid outside and ask her when our room will be cleaned. She speaks no English so we have no clue what she is saying to us. We come back to the room after 4 and still the room is not cleaned. We have a dinner reservation at 6 and need to shower and change. We find the maid and through a translator she tells us that her keycard would not open our lock so she couldn't clean the room. Like she couldn't get management to open the door? I tell her to come back at 6 when we leave for dinner. In the meantime someone arrives with a small fruit basket. The fruit is slightly bruised and mushy. Whatever.Monday night is dinner at La Gondola. Our reservation is at 6. They don't have our name on the list. We are told not to worry, they will seat us anyway. Dinner is delicious and the service is wonderful, the best out of all the restaurants. My husband would be 3/4 finished with his beer and the waiter would show up with a fresh one. We tipped 2 of the waiters and they were very appreciative.Tuesday during breakfast it starts storming out. Wind gusts and torrential rain. We are getting wet as we are eating. There are no dry tables available near the center of the room. We head for the bar in the buffet area and try to finish our breakfast there. We are told no eating at the bar I don't listen and finish my breakfast at the bar while getting dirty looks.Tuesday night is dinner at Los Panchos, a Mexican restaurant. The food was delicious but the service very slow. It took about 30 minutes just to take our order and get drinks. It was at least 20 minutes between each course. At least the food made it worth it.By Wednesday we are getting frustrated with this place. We still can't figure out why the pool is so cold. We start talking to a very nice man named Luis, who is a vacation club representative. We tell him we are disappointed with the resort as compared to last year. He tells us that the resort lost alot of business after the hurricanes due to people hearing about the damage in Punta Cana and fired about half its staff. Hence the poor service. We also told him we don't feel we are getting any special treatment as timeshare members. It is so frustrating making dinner reservations every day. He offers to make us reservations for the remainder of our stay. We then ask him about the pool. He seems shocked that we are telling him it's so cold and says that no one else has complained. I tell him to look and see, no one is swimming. He promises he will talk to his boss and have the heat turned on. We see him a few hours later. He hands us a paper with the times for our reservations and gives us a bottle of wine and some chocolates. A nice touch. He tells us that the pool will be heated within a few hours. We'll see. Wednesday night dinner at Hokkaido, the Japanese restaurant. is very good. Although we did notice that last year we were served sushi, salad, and soup, along with a choice of entree and dessert. This year you only got sushi OR salad OR soup. Cutbacks I guess. Thursday dinner at Capri was excellent with good service. Friday we go to La Pagoda for Chinese. Again they can't find our reservation. This is the reservation that was made for us by Luis from the vacation club. The hostess tells us to come back tomorrow. I am wild. I demand to see the manager and explain the situation to him. He lets us in. The food is very good and the service ok. That night my husband wakes up in the middle of the night with cramps and diarrhea. It hits me by the morning. We are in and out of the bathroom all day long. It doesn't really matter, the pool is still not heated so we are not missing much. We were so happy that we didn't get sick up until this point. Last year we had some mild diarrhea that we attributed to drinking the water that they say is filtered and safe to drink in the restaurants. This year we stuck to bottled water and got sick on the last day. We both ate shrimp at the Chinese restaurant so it must have been that. I walk to the gift shop praying that I won't need to go to the bathroom along the way and buy Immodium for 18 bucks. Ripoff. I stop at the vacation club office and let them know how disappointed I am with the quality of the resort as compared to last year. There are 2 very sweet ladies there who seemed to be shocked by what I am saying. Lorena walks in, hears what I am saying, and completely ignores me. The 2 sweet ladies offer to make sure I truly have a dinner reservation for that night since twice they got botched. They then tell me it really isn't the timeshare company's fault, I need to speak or write a letter to the head of guest services. They give me a business card with the person's name that I need to speak to. Sure. At this point I am tired of complaining. I just want to go home!!While I am checking out the next day (another long line) I meet 3 or 4 people also not happy with the Melia. One was a woman who had just arrived last night whose husband was already sick. She was looking to transfer to another resort. Another was a man who vacationed at the Melia for the past 6 years who thought that the quality of the hotel had gone way down. Next year we will try Mexico or Puerto Rico. Take my advice, don't go to the Melia at Punta Cana!!!!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>everything, good or bad on these reviews is true! We spent one week, Nov 1-7 at the Melia Tropical and like you, I read all of these reviews, and I said how can it be possible that they range from GREAT! to HORRIBLE!!??? Well, let me say that IT IS ALL TRUE!! First, the good points... the resort is beautiful, the lobby is beautiful, there are lush tropical gardens, the golf course is right across the street, the pools are large and beautiful, the beach is spacious and was never crowded (we never had to reserve lounge chairs and never had a problem getting a private hut with several chairs). We stayed in a timeshare unit, so I'm not sure how they compare to the regular hotel rooms. We had a one bedroom suite which was very large, and nicely furnished. There was more than enough space for our family of 4. The houskeeping staff was very nice, but our maid did not speak a word of english, so you will need to know some spanish to communicate what you need. Our unit was in a great location, closest unit to the beach, pool and buffet restaurant.Okay, you say, so what was so bad.... Here goes. The resort is big and very spread out. The lobby area (which is where all of the bars, casino, shows, and dinner restaruants are, is very far - about a 10-15 min walk to the beach/pool area. There are shuttle buses that run approximately every 15 minutes, but if you just missed one, it can be annoying to wait. Food... I thought that the breakfast and lunch buffets were very poor. My husband didnt think that the food was too bad, but as the days went on, I found myself getting more and more disgusted. The menu is the same every day. Yes, I did always find some thing to eat, (muffins for breakfast and fried chicken or pasta for lunch). Because they tell you not to drink the water, I was afraid to eat the fruits and vegetables. There was also a lot of what I like to call mystery meat. We often had to ask what is that? or in spanish que es esto? The food at the a la cart restaruants was better, but it was hard to get reservations at the time we wanted. You have to call first thing in the morning the day before, however, sometimes, they just dont answer the phone, or they hang up on you. The noise...okay, this was the worst part of the trip...On our first night at the resort, we were pooped. We would have loved to have gone to bed by 10 or 11pm. However, there was a huge private party on the beach about 100 feet from our room. They had a live band, a very loud, rowdy band, which sang and screamed into the microphones until 1am! Our entire room shook! I repeatedly called the front desk, the night manager, anyone... trying to get an answer as to when this party would end! No one could help me. I was repeatedly told that it would end soon and that there was nothing anyone could do about it. I could not believe that no one else was compaining. When I asked if this went on every night, I was told that it would only be that night. Then, on our fifth night, there was a Disco on the beach!! Oh no!!! This party went on until 2:30am!!! I thought that I was going to lose my mind. Once again I called and of course accomplished nothing. I must admit that my last conversation with the night manager ended with some not nice language on my part and the slamming of the phone! This really ruined the vacation for us! Topless sunbathers... this is a bad point you ask?? Well, when you travel with a 9 and 13 year old boy, it's not that great. We did warn our boys ahead of time, so they werent totally freaked out. Well, you say, your husband must have enjoyed the view...right? Let me say that these were not exactly models on the beach... some women, just dont belong in bikinis and topless... not a pretty site!!! Now, let me mention the men... speedo bathing suits are not attractive on any man... enough said!Activities...yes, there are the free peddle boats, kayaks, windsurfing and sail boats, but other than the peddle boats and kayaks you must take a lesson (for a fee) before you can use the sailboats or go windsurfing. There are also other activities that you must pay for (parasailing and snorkeling trips). We took a snorkeling trip and no one on the boat spoke english. The staff made no effort to make sure that we understood what was going on. Also, you must make a reservation for everything.Language... this is a spanish speaking country. Spanish is the predominant language. If you dont speak any Spanish, you may have a hard time. Also, the majority of the guests speak spanish. Stomache problems... we took pepto bismol tablets every day to try to ward off any stomache problems, but it didnt work. My husband had to run off the golf course on day three. And, I didnt feel great for a few days. Then, when we arrived home, it really hit us. On the drive home from the airport, I thought that I was going to die! We even had to stop at a rest stop... not a very pleasant or private place to be sick! That night, both my husband and I were up all night running back and forth to the bathroom. The next day, I felt like someone had beaten me up. The only good thing is that I lost 3 pounds!!Will we return to the Dominican Republic...NO! Sorry, but despite the good points, the bad points were just too bad. My advice, read all of the reviews, make your own decision, but if you can go elsewhere, dont go to this resort!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time! ARRIVAL DR: -No problems at the airport other than having to buy the tourist visa on arrival - apparently they are available at the airport (Newark) prior to departing the US.-a little hectic once you pass through customs and walk out to where the guides pick you up - very fast paced until you are on the tour-transfer-bus.ARRIVAL RESORT: No problems with check-in, requested 2 key cards, 2 towel cards, and activated the key-card to work the safe (paid cashier at that time). Our room was ready on arrival, so we dropped off my carry-on and changed clothing. We checked all the facilities (plumbing, fridge, etc) and requested towels and water from the amid (she had not made up our room although we were given keys). We tried to use the door key-card to set the safe to a new password - instructions were in Spanish or French only - and we had trouble. We called the front desk - they said 20 minutes we knew it would be longer. After an hour we called back and let them know we were going out for a bite to eat. We returned to the lobby, and they checked the key-card and said they were not properly activated at check-in. The guy activated them and we returned to the room. Again, we were unable to activate the safe - no matter what we pressed on the key-pad it failed to work. We went back to the lobby after dinner, and spoke with another representative - he re-activated the cards, again, and suggested we call right away so that someone could come to check the safe. Again, we were unable to work the safe - we called, and were told 10 minutes - the electrician was there in less than 10 minutes. Diagnosis: neither the touch key pad which sets the code, nor the batteries that operate the dead-bolt were functional - he had them both fixed in about 30 minutes. We experienced no other problems with the safe during our stay.To work the safe - With safe door open, quickly insert and remove key-card. Punch in a 4 digit code. Close the door, punch in the same four digit code. the dead-bolt will latch. To open, use the code, to re-lock, use the code. Simple, once you know how to do it and the safe works. Our main luggage was delivered to the room about an hour and a half after we arrived.RESORT:The map on --------------------- shows two sides to the resort, the original Tropical side is the lower half of the map. The newer, Caribe side is the top part of the map.There is construction of new facilities just on the other side of the Caribe part of the map - resort villas I heard. There is also construction near the entrance - that is for worker accommodations.The resort is large, taking 10-15 minutes from either lobby to the beach - the paths are a concrete that was sculpted to look like a stone pathway - it is not even or flat, and awkward to walk on unless shoes are flat. There are resort vehicles (mini-trucks, motor-bikes, bicycles, carts, etc) that use these paths, as well as the cute trains that cart people around the resort. The resort is gorgeous - not just the landscaping - but the main facilities - lobbies, restaurants, etc - are mainly marble, with open air and vaulted ceilings. Several restaurants are closed air, and very nice as well. I thought is exceeded the expectations I had. As for the rooms - the vaulted ceiling on the second floor room was very nice - the floors and bathrooms are marble - the mattress is on a marble bed-stand. The seating area is not the most comfortable - but who spends a long time there? You need your key card to operate the lights/electricity - you place it into a slot in the wall - also helps you to not forget to take the key with you when you leave. If the balcony door does not close all the way - the A/C does not work.We got lucky - as for our room - we were in building 12 on the Tropical side - just across the path from the Turey Grill (Caribe side), the pool, the beach, and the water activities center, and the train stop. It took us less than 5 minutes to do anything other than go up to the lobby (10 minutes). Although we faced the path, and heard the train and the vehicles, it was very nice and convenient.ACTIVITIES:although there are several free activities - they do suggest you buy insurance for the equipment (big stuff), either $3/day, or $10/week. For smaller items (boogie boards, snorkeling gear) there is a deposit returned upon return of equipment. There are rocks/reefs throughout the water not too far off shore, and in some places, with the currents, you might bump them (we did several times), so I advise it to be safe,鈥︹€︹€︹€?..You are allowed to do the following for free: t1 hour of catamaran (1-4 people), sail [sun-fish (1-2 people)], wind-surf (very hard on tide), and maybe a couple other things. 30 minutes: paddle-boat (1-2 people), another paddle boat (2-4 people), boogie board (no surf in this area) and maybe a couple other things.You have to pay for:snorkeling, equipment, speed-boats, etc.You book an hour or 30 minute installments, on the half hour, and I suggest you book soon after arrival - the catamarans are booked for at least 2 days at all times,鈥︹€︹€?We sailed the sun-fish one day, small, awkward for sitting for an hour - especially for second person. No seats in the design. We did the paddle boat - very hard in the current. We sailed the catamarans 5 time s- LOVED that - much more comfortable, and easier to maneuver, and seats built in.We sailed along the beach, and checked out the resorts on both sides - very nice!At the pool activities center there is a schedule (it would be nice if they gave it to you at check out) of the various activities during the day - dance classes, volley-ball, etc, as well as the evening entertainment. We took the Merengue lessons - that was fun!There is a Jacuzzi in the two spas, but the ones in the pool are not warm at all.We got massages on our final day at the Spa on the Tropical side. We had one of the rooms outside by the pool - they can drop a shade on any side to give you more privacy, but people will be walking by, and there is a pool there. We were told by another couple we met at dinner that they had a massage inside, and the noise made it far from relaxing. That they put the fan on to try to drown out the spa noises. We got the relaxation massage - 60 minutes - it was not far off my expectations - she found a knot in my shoulder and gave it a good go, but spent a little longer rubbing my head than I would have cared for. The cost was $55 US for an hour, or I think $35 US for 30 minutes. There were some little ants on the table, b/c they lay towels and flowers on them in between massages. I thought their prices seemed fair for the services. It is just a little hard to ask for something special during the massage since I don't speak Spanish.BEACH: -We never had a problem finding a chair at the beach.-We found that as the sun moved more in-land in the afternoon, that the trees shaded the beach, and it was hard to find sun on the beach in some spots after 3-3:30. Moving the chairs closer to the water helped when we wanted more sun.-Much cooler by the beach, more breezes.WEATHER:-It rained a bit here and there, but nothing to drive you inside, or away from the beach. Usually over in 10-15 minutes.EXCURSIONS:We only did one - 2 hour (4-6 pm) sunset horse back riding with the El Pat Ranch booked through VIP Travel (Travel Impressions) - This was a very nice ride - but I caution you - if you do not know anything about horses, riding, or Spanish - you might not want to do this - for the following reason. There were several people on our tour who had never ridden before. The guide gave incomplete instructions on how to guide the horses, on how to keep your feet from sliding through the stir-ups, and how to control the horses with regard to speed, stopping, etc. He also told every one that they did not have to go fast if they did not want to. While this is technically true, it is not practically true. Trail horses do what the horse in front of them does - if horse #1 gallops, horses 2-8 tend to gallop. The odd lazy horse might not, but they tend to follow cue. An experienced rider will know how to hold their horse back, but not an inexperienced one with a half-hearted instructions. Also - as for the ride along the beach on the way back - the horses KNOW it is their last trail of the day and they are getting FOOD when they get back - they WANT To gallop. If this is not something you want, then see if you can book a private tour or something. Also - 2 hours is a long time to be in a saddle if you have never done so before, so consider that in your choice.I must tell you - although I sound negative - I LOVED this excursion - but I have a lot of horse experience - There were a few hiccups - the VIP guy told us to be at the hotel front lobby for pick up at 2:20 pm - when they still were not there by 3:00, guest services helped me to phone VIP and we found out it was an error - they meant 3:20 pm. And the pick up came right on time. We picked up at one other resort, then went to the El Pat Ranch which is located opposite the Breezes resort which is under construction - it is the last resort along the beach in Punta Cana as of now. Another couple in our tour were also told 2:20 but not picked up until about 3:15 - but they booked through VIP for the 3-4 one hour tour. The guy at El Pat Ranch tried to tell them they would have to wait one hour before joining the rest of us - but were finally allowed to go on the 2 hour trip. After everyone was matched (not very well) to a horse, we followed the path along Breezes out to the beach - this is a gorgeous beach - the waves roll in - now this is where I would come to boogie board!. After awhile on the beach, we went up into the dunes among the palm trees - it was evident the damage from Hurricane Jeanne - many felled trees and rotting coconuts, but a gorgeous ride. We stopped and the guides cut down coconuts where we drank their water and ate the fruit, then rode back through he same path and galloped on the beach. It was a very nice ride! We were back at the resort by 6:30 pm, and very sore! It took 203 days for the sore quads and bums to ease up.CASINO:- This is the bar to go to to get prompt service.-You cash in your roulette chips at the roulette table, and your poker chips at the main cashier.-The Caribbean style poker has different rules - get directions first.-Had fun - walked out down $10 after 1.5 hours - not bad!SERVICE:Almost everyone was eager to assist. The resort was booked to capacity - 1044 rooms, at least two people to a room - so over 2100 people. I think the slow response to requests was not a dis-interest, but a poor ratio of help to guests. There were 2-3 waiters at each of the seating areas at the Turey Grill at both breakfast and lunch, and each one had seating for about 200+ people. The waiters were constantly turning over tables and helping with drinks and water, etc. I don't think they had enough staff to keep up with the demands of the guests, at least not at a pace most Americans are used to. I was not displeased with the service in any capacity. In fact, I felt that several people went out of their way to assist us. FOOD:I had read all the negative reviews - and went down not expecting too much. I was pleasantly surprised - I did not find the food to be great, but it was definitely fine. I talked to a number of people on the tours - from Barcel贸 Bavaro Palace, Paradisius, and another Barcel贸 resort - they all said there food was fine They were all Americans as well. Not sure if our expectations are off or unreasonable - but I was not too shocked. We ate at the Turey Grill for Breakfast and Lunch every day - it should be about the same at the Agora Grill as well. Both serve snacks in the late afternoon,I found that the BREAKFAST buffet provided yogurt, cereal, oatmeal, eggs, omelets, potatoes, sausages, bacon, breads, fresh fruit, meat, cheeses, muffins, pastries, pancakes and waffles and French toast (a trip through the toaster will warm those back up). They also had poached eggs, several local foods, like a banana mash and a some cheese/bread dishes. There were natural fruit juices (no added sugar) and the sugared varieties. There was coffee, milk, and espresso drinks at the bar. Desserts as well!LUNCH Buffet included more breads, meats, cheeses, panini grills, pizzas, several hot dishes from eggplant, lasagna, etc. There were fajita bars, and grills cooking burgers, hot dogs, bratwurst, chicken, steaks, pork chops (AMAZING!), etc. There was usually either plantains or fried sweet potatoes. There were mixed salads - but not green leafy salads, more like pasta or slaws of different varieties. There was a big dish of seafood paella every day, and usually a past bar. And usually some sort of cooked vegetable as well. More Desserts - cakes, flans, cookies, ice-cream, etc.The Grill terraces served the following snacks in mid-afternoon to early evening: BBQ chicken Wings, chicken nuggets, chicken fingers, nachos (Velveeta), fish tacos, and a couple of other thing s- all served with French fries. The nuggets were not all white meat, but were fine.We ate at the ATABLES international buffet our first night - they had salads, meats, cheeses, breads, hot meats, pastas, mixed salads as before, several hot dishes, i.e. ravioli, lasagna, etc. They also had a dessert bar and made fresh fried churrus you could put cinnamon sugar, custard, choco sauce, etc. on. Nothing special. They also had a Spanish buffet, ALHAMBRA, for dinner - we walked through - more seafood, paella, and the salads, desserts, etc. were the same.We ate at a la carte (reservation) restaurants the rest of the time. We never had a problem getting a reservation. You could make them between either 8am-11am/12pm and again from 3-6pm for the following day. They only allow for one day at a time to allow for all guests to have fair access (people are CONSTANTLY arriving). It was the first thing I did each day, roll over, and call. They have a variety of seating times, and we tried them all.Our second night we ate at the AGORA steakhouse - we had a 6 pm (earliest) reservation. The AGORA is a grill during the day, and lunch does not end until 2:30 or 3 or so, so they only have a couple of hours to turn it over into the dinner restaurant. However, although we, and several others arrived at 6 pm, we were not seated until closer to 6:30 pm. my ankles got nipped a bit by bugs, b/c it is an open-air restaurant just off of the beach. I do not recommend the earliest seating b/c certain menu items were not yet ready at the time we arrived (empanadas). We were both disappointed with the queso fundido as it was not the cheesy, chorizo sausage laden dip we imagined, but rather luke-warm Velveeta with ONE chunk of sausage. It was served with two grilled tortillas and 4-5 chips. My tortillas smelled of fish (I detest them!) as well. However, the steaks were excellent, although my boyfriend found the blue-cheese sauce over-powering. I had the herb sauce - it was light.That night we went to La GONDOLA for the 11pm-? snacks - they had pizza, meats, soups, etc. And they did not open until closer to 11:30 pm.Our third night we ate at MA MAISON - we had an 8:30 seating. The waiter mixed up our order with the table next to ours, and although the next table continued to get food, our food seemed to stop. We had to ask for each course. It took 2.5 hours, and the red wine kept flowing - we were happy, and enjoyed ourselves, none the less. My chicken with pineapple/dill sauce did not taste like either, but was nice just the same.Our Fourth night we ate at HOKKAIDO - the Japanese Steak house (9 pm). They do the table style cooking, and it was entertaining. Unfortunately, I think they meant to say tepenyaki on the menu, as neither the chicken Teriyaki, nor beef Teriyaki had any teriyaki sauce. They used only soy sauce in cooking, and had neither the ginger nor peanut dipping sauces. They also did not ask for beef requests, so mine was over-done for me. My boyfriend really liked the green-tea sorbet for dessert.Our fifth night we ate at the Mexican Restaurant (8 pm), LOS PANCHOS - which was my favorite! The tortilla chips are good! We enjoyed the fajitas and the burrito, and the margaritas! We had hoped to eat at LE GOURMET our last night, but were surprised to find it was actually closed that night, so we booked with the Italian place, LA GONDOLA. Unfortunately, my boyfriend started to run a fever, so I just got him some minestrone soup and took it back to the room after eating at the buffet (Atables). Although he was sick the following day, he was better within two days! And he has a sensitive stomach!I was disappointed that Le Gourmet was closed - suggest that you find out about scheduling of restaurant closures on arrival so you can schedule as per your interests. We did not eat at Capri (do not like seafood) or La Pagoda (did not like the menu - does not rotate - some do) or La Gondola or Le Gourmet (told that the menu changes from night to night). You might want to find out about menu variation if that will affect your choices.We were religious about only using the bottled water to brush our teeth, etc. so were not sure of the cause of his illness, but not too worried.We really liked the grilled pork from the grills, not the buffets (sometimes on both) at lunch.CHECK OUT:-Call your transfer tour company the day before to verify the time of your pick up for transfer to the airport.-On the day of departure, have your bags ready, and call for bags to be taken to the lobby at least 1.5 hours before you are scheduled to be picked up for transfer to the airport.-Verify check-out time with the hotel. Our transfer company told us the wrong time, so we were a bit rushed, when we had an extra hour. They told us 11 am, the hotel lobby sign says noon.-You will pay for your phone calls (to call collect to the US was $1 for the connection) (a one minute call to the US was about $3) at this time.-Hang out and have a final drink.AIRPORT DEPARTURE:-They will inspect the baggage for check-in by hand, so be prepared for that.-They will x-ray the carry on baggage.-There are several eating options (pizza, chicken fingers/nuggets, sandwiches, etc) at the airport.-There are a couple souvenir options as well.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again My family including an infant, stayed at the Meila Tropical in November 2004. We were with a group of 16 people, 2 of which were getting married on the resort. We arrived at the resort around 12:00 noon. My husband and I got our room within 2 hours but the rest of our group did not get into there room until 5pm. When my husband and I got to our room, we found out that we were on the second floor...we had to carry a stroller and an infant up and down 2 flights of stairs everyday. Then when we got into the room, there was no crib. I called down to the front desk 3 times. Finally around 6:00pm the crib arrived. We were not impressed! Now onto the restaurants. If you wanted coffee or tea before you finished your breakfast, you had to get up and get it yourself. The wait staff would stand around and talk to each other and occasionally turn there heads to look at you. The food was cold when you did get it, and if you wanted coffee after dinner you might want to order it with dinner. It could take up to a half an hour to get it. The wait staff never once came back during dinner to see if everything was ok or if you needed anything. I know you are supposed to relax on vacation, but when you are with an infant who is tired in the evenings, 3 hour dinners are not exactly what we wanted. The only restaurant that I did find very good was the Japanese restaurant. The food was very good. The service was impeccable. In our room, we found cockroaches, and ants, many many ants. Our bathroom smelled like sewer which got worse as the days went on. Everyday the maids would clean the room and bathroom, then would turn off the light and exhaust fan which of course were wired together in the bathroom. We would always have to come back to the room to a sewer smell.Due to the lay out of the resort, you must walk outside a lot to the many different areas including the restaurants. Each room is to have a big golf umbrella in the closet. Well of course the day of the wedding we were attending, it was raining. Guess what, no umbrella. With multiple calls to the front desk, no umbrella could be found for us. If it was not for the wedding that we were there for, I would have asked to be transferred to another hotel on the second day. By the end of the week, 14 of the 16 people in our group had gotten ill from something they ate or drank. I myself got sick on day 2 and did not start feeling better until 2 days after we arrived home. Needless to say, never, never again!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kids club is dangerous First i must say the food ant the restaraunts is OK buffet try and stay away from.Go for the effort to make reservations it is worth it.Now my wife and i went for R and R and hoped of kids ages 2 and 5 would have fun at the kids club.The kids clubNo activities where ver done.Our chld was put in a room by himself with a leaking diaper crying.We asked why they did this they stated that they used his diaper on other children and where to busy to watch him so they put him in the room alone.We found nails in the kids sand play area .They stated there was construction work done and did nothing to look for the possiblity of more.One child was lost fo a half a hour.Said he was bored and left.He is 3 years old.THey only noticed he was missing when the parents came topick him up.The bridge was broken on the playground area and the parent had to catch him as he fell off 10 ft.The staff said they told him not to go up there.This child was 2!!!Our 2 year old went to deep in the pool and started to panic and drown.We were fortunite to be close by to jump in and save him.The staff memeber said she was evently going to get him and he was fine with his water wings on.Remember he is 2.SO to say our children could not go ack because of saftey concerns.We inofrmed the resort managment as well as serveral other guests of this concern.They always stated theat it will improve but it never did.Our 2 year old is still tramatized from being abandoned in that room.Nobody can leave his site and we can't even leave him with our babysitter.NICEThe General manager wrote us a letter regarding our concerns simply to state he was sorry for our minor concern regarding childrens safey and he would improve the situtation.his was also stated several times while we where there.So if you see lots of kids at the pool and beach it is because of the extrememely poor saftey and enteraiment activites this resort and management employs towards guests with children.so to say we where not able to enjoy and time on our own and golf which where the two main reasons we went to the resort.This resort for families is a 1 star .Please change your trip if you are traveling with kids as management doesn't seem to take to kindly to the little ones.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wow, an amazing time in punta cana Wow. My husband and I just visited the melia caribe tropical 11/23-11/29 and had the best time ever. I was a little scared after reading some of the ratings and reviews but boy was i happy to see it with my own eyes. The hotel was absolutely amazing with great service. The bartenders at the caribe lobby were the best. The food was pretty good. Breakfast had all that you could ask for. There was a little something for every taste. Lunch was also good at the buffet and the Italian resturant. Dinner was great everywhere except the chinese restaurant. The food was nasty and cold. This restaurant really does not belong in this great resort. The japanese restaurant was excellent. It was hibachi style and had very tasty food. The desert was to die for. The gourmet restaurant and french restaurants were also great. just make sure to make reservations 24 hours in advance so that you get a good reservation where you want to eat. The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated. The pools were beautiful and so was the beach. enough lounge chairs both at the beach and the pool. Something that you have to do when visiting Punta Cana is go on an excursion riding 4 wheelers. It was 56 dollars per person and was worth every penny. It was about 4 hours long. We visited an amazing cave that you could swim in. This was a great experience. You then ride through a little village and see locals. You then ended up in Macao beach which was the most beautiful beach I have ever seen. This was something great to do just make sure you wear old clothing and shoes because you get very dirty. People complained about the size of the hotel and the distance from one part to another. Yes the hotel is big but if you are in good health you can walk it. ( I did it in heels) We stayed in the caribe side which is right by the beach and pool and walked everyday a few time to the main lobby. I you feel it's too far, the little train does come around often. I would go back to Melia caribe in a heart beat. I am looking foward to my next vacation there.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont even bother! I went here with my family (I'm 15 years old) from 11/3-11/9. I have to say it was the week i will always remember and not in a good way! First of all the place is way to big! Walking a mile to get to the beach and pool area IS what you'll be doing each day. You forget something, it better be worth that 20 minute walk. THE TRAIN IS A JOKE! It comes every 25 minutes, not every 15, and you're lucky if you find a seat. Next is the food...HORRIABLE! Buffets- gross! I ended up getting sick and so did half the people on our plane home. The resturants were good, though we only went to one. Most of them aren't even open. Most of the people here were rude and never took NO for an answer. I can't tell you how many times i'd go to get a towel or a drink and be harrasted by someone. As soon as i said i was American the questions and annoying comments just come flying at you! Don't even bother complaining about these people. You'll write out a complaint form and be laughed at by the hotel people. Unlike what the website says, I'd say about 1/2 the people didn't speak english who work at the resort and those who did wanted to tell you all about what they were selling rather than here you. The only good thing was probabily the room. It was nice. I'd NEVER EVER EVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE especially those with children... there's a lot of walking to do.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Doglovr
<Content>We loved our trip! Sorangel, Lorena, Alexis and Hamle - You are the best! We loved it! Please don't let the negative comments about this resort dissuade you from going. We had a wonderful time and did not want to come home. We stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical Nov 13-20, 2004. We were in a timeshare on the Tropical side of the resort - but the timeshare units are very similar to the hotel units. We had studios with a king bed and pull-out sofa that was very very roomy. You had your own porch with a sitting area too. The refridgerator in the room was always stocked with water and soda. When we asked for more water, the maid gave us a whole case! She also spoiled us with a fresh-flower arrangement on the table, a nice bottle of red wine, and amused us with towels in the shape of swans adorned with fresh hibiscus every day. The towels were huge and so comfy. The bed was great too. Because we were in a timeshare unit, we dealt directly with that part of the hotel. Sorangel and Lorena were absolutely positively the nicest most helpful personnel we have ever experienced at a hotel. We emailed ahead of time to ask if our rooms could be somewhat near each other since the resort is huge and they put us right next to each other!!!!! When we called from our room, i.e., when the safe gave us a problem, immediately after hanging up the phone their was a knock on our door with someone to fix it. These wonderful ladies also went out of their way to make sure we had reservations in all the restaurants of our choice at the approximate times we wanted them. These gals are truel professionals and we dare someone to do their job better than them. The food was good - some restaurants we favored more than others but we never were hungry or wanted for anything. The only restaurants we were not keen on was the nightly buffets. The assortment of food for the breakfast and lunches was great - the food is not gourmet but definitely filling and covered alot of different appetites. The live music in our lobby area every night was a treat. Employees were there to teach you their native dances and were so nice and friendly. The bartenders were the best we have seen. We particularly were very fond of Alexis and Hamle - they spoiled us rotten. If your drink sat for more than 10 minutes and you were not nearly finished with it they would give you a fresh one. We couldn't drink fast enough! And, top shelf all the way. Delicious. They were so sweet and friendly and made it so much fun. They even danced behind the bar to entertain us. Hamle took great pride in watching how many Zombies my husband could drink before falling over. It was fun to watch. The beach was really nice and the pools were endless. There was more than enough towels, beach chairs, pool chairs to make everyone happy - no need to scout around for these. The watersports (included) were great too. Shopping was available by walking a little bit down the beach where you could really get some great deals (much cheaper than at the hotel). We rented Quads for an afternoon and had a super time. Sorangel and Lorena arranged our transportation to and from the airport for $10 pp round-trip - a great bargain and the van was waiting for us when we arrived and we had it all to ourselves. We spoke with alot of other guests and they also loved this resort too. (Just don't lose your shirt in the casino). We saw a few bride and grooms get married down there too and they looked like they had a great time.Other than a few little natty-type bugs that are common in the caribbean, we did not have any other critters in the room. The room was always spotless and our maid Maricela did an awesome job of keeping us happy. She enjoyed the Ghiardelli chocolates we brought with us that we shared with her. What we would suggest is that although this is all-inclusive and everything is included, when you have superb service as we did, show your appreciation with a little extra $$. It goes a long long way and the smiles and thanks you get will warm your heart. We travel a few times a year all over the world and have never been spoiled like this although the Melia Paradisus in Punta Cana (the sister hotel) is smaller but also wonderful. We did not want to leave and cannot wait to return. We only wish we received this kind of service on Long Island when you pay $6.00 for a watered down drink. Try the Mama Juana (a Dominican Specialty) at the bar too - it is an experience in itself. We will suggest checking the seasons to make sure you do not go there in the hurricane or rainy season. The weather for us was mostly sunny but we did experience a little rain and two partly cloudy days. We heard April and May are wonderful. As a precaution, you might want to bring Lomotil or at least Immodium with you as the change in the water (although bottled) and food might cause you a little discomfort if you are not used to it. Your doctor can also give you an antibiotic to be taken before you leave for a few days that will prevent any episode. But think about it, would you rather be at work or in the sun at a wonderful resort and run to the bathroom on occasion. Have a great time - we sure did. We will be back!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good price/Ok resort Melia Caribe 鈥?Punta Cana, DR11/12-11/19We booked this trip at the very last minute and got a very nice deal, so for the price we paid it was totally worth it. However, if we had planned ahead and paid more I would have been very disappointed. The weather held out for us, so that alone made the trip.Resort: Overall it is a beautiful resort and huge! It has such potential if the staff fixes some of the problems. The front desk was impossible to deal with. Every time we had to go there we waited at LEAST an hour. Of which at the end usually it was not resolved. The first room we had faced the construction and there was noise 24/7 (BLd. 32). We asked to be moved and they complied after 2 days without much hesitation. We were then moved to Bld. 37 which was better (no construction) but there were other things wrong with it. No iron, no alarm clock, the door didn鈥檛 really lock, and on the first floor you could hear everything from above. The floors aren鈥檛 carpeted. But we dealt. The place was at capacity and when I went to pick up the new room key (which took an hour) everyone in line was switching rooms. Which that tells me that we are all just getting each other鈥檚 rooms. If you tip the maid then she will restock the mini bar with what you have used. We drank water and pepsi and every afternoon it would be filled with both.Food: There is much to desire when it comes to food. But I totally expected that with an all-inclusive resort. But this was worse than others, I鈥檝e been to numerous. I am a picky eater so keep that in mind. We ate at all the specialty restaurants except Capri. They were all good, but by the end you figure out that each meal is the same just a tad bit different. And by the last day my fianc茅 and I were sick. Not from the water, just from the food. Unfortunately I couldn鈥檛 even keep down bread for two days when I got home. My take is this I mostly from the food. My stomach couldn鈥檛 handle it.Bars: This was the best part of the place. Lots of bars to play at and if you tip the bartender right away they take care of you all week. That鈥檚 what we did, and we never were without a drink! Beach/Pool: We are beach people but bc of the weather it wasn鈥檛 fun sitting on the beach, it was extremely windy and sand was just flying into your eyes. SO we camped out at the pools everyday. The pools are awesome!! They are huge and we never once had a problem finding a nice spot in the sun. And we usually didn鈥檛 get out there until 11am. OH and they don鈥檛 have service at the pools like other resorts.Overall: I would still go knowing what I know for the price I paid. Now would I go paying more and looking forward to it, nope. If the staff shapes up at the front desk and takes care of the rooms then the place would be great. I heard that the manager left to open up a new Melia resort elsewhere and that鈥檚 when it started to go downhill. Again, just my opinion!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarolynWales_UK
<Content>Fabulous hotel Accomodation, weather, staff, food, drinks, beach, grounds, pools, facilities were all second to none. This place is heaven on earth - there are 11 restaurants which all provide first class food ranging from Japanese to Mexican and Italian to Seafood. The drinks are good (keep an eye on the measures or u will be 'stewed' on one)! The pools were absolutely outstanding - very clean, with plenty of sunbeds / shade and pool bars. There are also spa pools if you want to go topless. The beach is picture postcard stuff - white, white sand and palm trees. There is a little seaweed washed up - but this is cleared daily and not a problem at all. The staff are so friendly and every single person you walk passed greets you with 'Hola' and a huge smile. The groundsmen are quite happy to scale the palm trees, collect you a coconut and cut the top off to let you drink the milk - so refreshing. The accomodation is top quality with huge rooms, beds which must be double king size at least! They have daily stocked fridges, air con (hypothermia inducing full on) as well as a ceiling fan. They contain a hairdryer, safe (pay $2 per day), iron and ironing board, lounge area, full bathroon, umberella, and a balcony with furniture. They were cleaned daily with clean towels and fresh flowers added on a daily basis. I could not even begin to describe the grounds - absolutely stunning with peacocks, herons, flamingos, humming birds, roaming / flying around them. The grounds are breathtaking and I defy anyone to find fault with them. There is also a beautiful wedding pavillion. The only slight issue with the grounds is the stamped concrete paths which get a little slippery when wet.  Bad Points about your Holiday: The stamped concrete paths get a little slippery when wet. The only other complaint we can make is that the Americans did nothing but complain ALL the time - it really got us down at the end. They were very rude to the staff and wondered why their service was lacking from them! Take a look at the bad reviews of the place and see how many are made by Americans - I rest my case! This place is paradise found - yet nothing (and I mean nothing) was good enough or big enough from them. I am a seasoned traveller and am used to luxury hotels and this was up there with the best of them!  Overall Holiday Opinion: The holiday was outstanding and worth every penny. We went with The Holiday Place (booked online) and they were absolutely fantastic and approx 拢800 cheaper than Thomson! Everything was perfect and the staff couldnt do enough to help you. Most spoke excellent English and really appreciated us (poorly) attempting Spanish. Go and enjoy yourself, we will definately go back!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NEVER AGAIN!!!!!! O.K. This place is gorgeous But the service is shockingly awful!!! No waiter/waitress around the pool so you have to get up and go to the pool bar to get a drink. They did have a waitress in the lobby bar but you were lucky if they waited on you. They were not very friendly when they did wait on you. At both bars, you have to be the loudest to get a drink!!! I am serious! You just have to butt right in!The beach was very disappointing. They didn't even rake the seaweed. We are hearing that other resorts kept their beaches clean and raked but the Melia Caribe did not.There was no coffee maker in the room as promised and the refrigerator didn't work. Half the outlets didn't work also. Their version of a mini-bar is 2 bottles of water, a pepsi and a 7-up. The train (shuttle) service is a joke. Just walk and don't waste your time waiting. The place is huge so hope your room is close to the places you want to go.We ate at the Ma Maison, Le Capri and the Hokkaida (Japanese). All very good service and good food. So don't eat at the dinner buffets. Yuck!We will now make sure we speak to people who have went to the resort we are considering. I swear they do not like Americans!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lori0921
<Content>could be better My husband  I stayed from 11/03/04-11/09/04 and we travel alot. We found the resort beautiful, pool great and weather great. However the food was terrible. We had a 50/50 chance of finding something descent to eat  another 50/50 of being sick. Half the restrauants were not even open.There were ONLY about 4 staff members that were good  we tipped them  let them know, all others rude. There was a beer convention that took over  they were horrible  the hotel did NOTHING about it. As for the Vacation Club staff, they chase  harass you  do not take no for answer  when you complain, again they laugh and do NOTHING. The trolley was bad too, it took 20-25 min for it to come  that was if you could find a seat. We met another family and they shared our experience. It's sad when your on vacation  your more stressed about where  what to eat , how to get around then you are at home. We would NEVER COME BACK OR RECOMMEND ANYONE ELSE TOO. On our way home we found out that most of our fellow airplane passengers felt the same way they also experienced bugs  mice in their rooms, (ours was very clean) sickness. It is to big of a resort. What a bad vacation we had!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best vacation My family and I have been going to Meila Caribe in Punta Cana for three years now. People might complain about the food, but all food in the Caribbean isn't too good. Compared to other places where I've been, this resort is one of the best. The people are always friendly and the grounds are stunning and always well maintained. There are endless activities that you can participate in -- and also a beautiful pool and beach. I encourage everyone to visit this hotel because I know you will not regret it!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good vacation Just spent 5 days at the melia. I must say I was expecting a lot worst than what we got. First let me say the airport pick up and check in were horrible. It took forever to get to our rooms once you get checked in the lobby is swarming with people trying to sell you vacation villas. When we finally got to our rooms we thought they were ok clean and didn't smell and no bugs. But then we looked out the balcony and much to our surprise we had a view of the garden, the beach, and smack in front of all of that was a construction site for the new vacation villas they are putting up. Don't get rooms in building 31-34 hammering starts at 7 and ends about 5. They were going to move us but the rooms were far away from the pool.  Now let me tell you some good stuff. The pool was great spent most of the time there. Also the beach was nice but the water was dirty I guess due to the hurricane. There were also plenty of chairs.  Next the staff for the most part were great . We kind of had fun with them and alot speak and understand english. In fact they were teaching us spanish and we all had a good time. The food: now that is a difficult subject to discribe. First no one got sick. We were four people and we meet another couple there who stayed and ate with us. I have to say the buffet was a very unpleasant experience. I live on long Island and we have bugs but I never saw as many flies as at the buffet. One morning we sat at the table and I counted 15 flies at my table. It was a major turn off. The food was fine but couldn't really enjoy it because you had to wonder how many you were eating. So I stuck with the fried chicken and french fries..The gourmet resturants were all fine. We ate at the La Maison which was french 2 nites the food was good.we also had the chinese, Japanese and the capri which is seaford. That was great got 2 I would say 8-10oz lobster tails..By no means was it fantastic but it was enjoyable some people thought the food was horrible but we all agreed it is not ny but hey you have to go there knowing that. The entertainment was pretty bad so we spent our time in the casino. All in all the trip was good, the weather was great and we made our own good time so if you are going, go with the thought in mind that you are going on vacation to have fun and don't let any of these little thing ruin your fun.  Would I go back maybe in a few years when they iron out a few of the kinks.the hotel is only up 5 years so they have to figure out the fly problem and how to get people around the resorts faster .. the resort is huge if I forgot to mention that.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abell123
<Content>Loved it After reading many terrible reviews, I was sceptical of booking this resort. However, I did, and let me just say, it was fabulous. The Melia Caribe Tropical is filled with gorgeous, tropical ponds, throughout the resort. They even have flamingos!!! The first night we arrived, we went to the American type buffet, and my kids couldn't find anything to eat. I called guest services when we got back to the room, and they brought my kids pizza..despite there no room service type of resort. Well, the pizza had ham on it, and my kids are picky, they wont eat ham. We sent it back, and they actually made pasta for them, and brought it to the room. Most resorts wont give you that type of treatment. They also let us make reservations at 2 other restaurants (since they never told us we had to book tehm before hand), we ate at the Italian one and the Mexican one the next to nights, they were delicious!! The waiter at the Italian restaurant decorated each of our plates during dessert!!! I must say, I have never met such kind people, like I did from the Domincan people that worked at the Melia Caribe Tropical. They treat you like royalty!! And the beach is fabulous too!!! All the bars have amazing drinks (non alcoholic for kids), and there is a beach restaurant right next to the gorgeous beach and pool. There are some bugs in the bathroom, but they are tiny, and harmless, and you get use to them. There are very few of them, and as a person who fears bugs, your in a different country, your going to have bugs in your bathroom-deal. Really, stay at this resort, I am a very picky, picky person...and I give it ***** 5 stars!!!!:)  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to return!!! My wife and I spent a week at the MCT from 10/25-10/31. We had a terrific time and we truly enjoyed the accommodations at the MCT. I have to admit that I was a bit concerned about what we were getting ourselves into after reading some of the other reviews. Complaints like:Resort is too big and spread out. We took the trolley when we first arrived from the lobby to our room because we were not sure of the distance. Once we saw the distances from point A to B, we never used the trolley again and we stayed in the building next to the beach or furthest from the lobby. It was a maximum of 10 minutes from our room to the lobby/restaurants. The trolley does run every 15 minutes if walking is not your thing. Poor food/drinks. If I were comparing the food to cuisine in the States I would give the food a 7 out of 10. We went into it understanding that this is not the States so a 7 out of 10 was more than okay with us. We chose to eat at the al a carte restaurants for dinner, which require reservations 24 hours in advance. Our favorite of the 5 or 6 restaurants was the seafood restaurant called Capri. We had breakfast and lunch at the buffet, which offered a nice selection and tasted pretty good.  Again, if you鈥檙e going on vacation for great food, than maybe this isn鈥檛 the place for you. The beach, pool, and other amenities were more important to us. If you wait to make same day reservations, you will only have the option of 6:00 for dinner. Our only real complaint about the restaurant experience was the wine. The all-inclusive package will get you your choice of red or white wine at dinner but we opted to purchase a bottle of wine from the more than adequate wine list. The included wine was just not to our liking. We ended up drinking the 鈥渇iner鈥?wine with our meal and enjoying the native after dinner drinks at the bar (try a Coco Loco!) I will recommend the MCT to anyone and everyone but with the understanding that they know the basis for the recommendation. Please remember that reviews are all relative to what individuals prior experiences are. It鈥檚 very disheartening to read bad reviews from individuals who are in their minds comparing resorts in the DR to 4 or 5 star resorts in other locations like Hawaii but don鈥檛 explain this.We will definitely return to the MCT. The beaches and pools are beautiful and kept up great. The staff is extremely friendly and willing to do just about anything to make your stay more enjoyable.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ThugWatcher
<Content>Ab fab!! We just returned from an absolutely fabulous week at the MCT. We are a group of four couples, ages 35 to 65, and we were there the week of Oct. 17th. After reading some of these reviews, we were terribly frightened of what we would find. We travel together each year to an all inclusive in the tropics and the reviews made this one sound like a bad idea. Pooh pooh on all you bad reviewers! If you're planning a trip here - don't worry! The place is GORGEOUS (it won't hurt you to get off your butt and walk the 10 minutes it takes to get from beach to lobby - I couldn't believe some people would take that trolley to go 2 blocks!) The food was delicious - none of the 8 of us got sick at all (except when drinking too much and that was our fault). The rooms were a bit lacking - very nice but there are no coffee fixins, no ocean view, and no washcloths. True, these aren't major compalints, however, it is for these reasons we won't come back here for this is what is important to us (if you bring a washcloth and don't mind a garden view, you'll be in heaven). The pool was beautiful. The beach was fine, and the drinks were plentiful. Please go to this beautiful place with a good attitude and comfortable shoes and you'll be fine!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Resort This Resort was amazing. I like a lot of other people was concerned reading all of the bad reviews. They are not true at all. Atleast not in my case. We were there with 15 family members for a wedding and everyone had a great time. We got back on Oct 23. I never really got sick. Cramps and Diahrea one day but nothing more then that. I ate at the Buffetts, Japanese(twice), mexican and Le Gourmet. All were excellent. Just use common sence when picking your food. The pools were the very best I had seen. Clean and lots of chairs around. The Beach was beautiful as well. One good advise is tip the maids. We did $5 a day. Our room was spotless. Some were not though. One of our families did have bugs in their beds. But we did not and our sheets were changed everyday. I guess it was because we tipped and they did not. The resort is big but not huge. I like walking and it is laid out properly. The pools are by the beaches and the breakfast, lunch buffets are almost on the beach. A great place to eat. The people always helped out. I never experienced any workers that did not want to help me when I had questions. All in all a great place to vacation.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I had a good crack, second week i was plastered! Well where do i start! First impressions the place itself is beautiful! The ponds are extremely dangerouse for young children. No entertainment whatsoever! which really got my goat! as I love a bit of a boogy. My husband then had extremely severe stomach problems in the bed (I wont go into detail!) And it hit myself on the plane on the way home!Fighting to get a seat on the train daily to take you to the pools and beach! I felt like I was at charing cross in the rush hour! The food was the same menu with a different name in some of the restaurants every evening. You even had to use bottled water to clean your teeth, which is nearly as bad as having to do your toilet in the ground! Then I thought it couldnt get any worse, as Me and my husband was going back to the room to ring the uk, admiring the grounds as we trecked ourway back there I dissappeared down a very large hole for which I thought I was working in the mines, it took 15 mins to get me back on one foot! which I ended up in hospital with a broken leg, and was in plaster for the rest of my holiday. Left in a wheelchair from the 1950's! And the management only see me when they noticed me having difficulties getting into the restaurants! My husband therefore was like a numatic drill walking over the cobbles! They showed no concern whatsoever, and after my holiday being severally ruined the manager asked did i live anywhere near spain to compansate! That was a laugh as I found it a major insult! Hotel definataley not for us!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is entirely to enormous - not in a good way. OK this place is so big, you have to wait for a trolly to take you back and forth. Leave something in your rooom on the way to searching for a place to eat breakfast? no problem, by the time you walk to your room and back head to the beach- the sun will be setting and you should get some nice pictures. You forgot the camera? No problem - walk back to the room - you should make it back to the beach in time for some great sunrise photos. The 11 or so restaurants are all very crowded, except for the 6 that require a reservation 24 hours in advance! But when you finally eat in one of these - you'll quickly notice that they are only 1/2 full? So why do the people answering the restaurant's phones all say sorry senior, we're booked??? We were there for a wedding, with over 130 guests who flew there from the US. We heard the same complaint over and over and over from all of our friends who were there at the same time (July 2004). NO - this isn't what we had hoped for., No - they don't have adequate staff. No, it isn't worth the money. My wife and I travel a lot and don't always stay 5-star, but this was absurd. About 25% of the staff even uses the me no speaky de English routine when they don't feel like answering questions or being helpful. Melia Tropical - bye bye. Whoever designed this place thinks 'bigger is better'. They were wrong.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cjcharper
<Content>Heaven on earth! My husband and i spent 2 fabulous weeks at the MeliaCaribe Tropical on our honeymoon in June 2004. We were quite nervous after reading the negative comments that are posted on this site. We had a great timeWe checked in with no problems at 4pm and we were all given fruit punch as we waited in line, the porters took our bags to the rooms, we did have to wait about an hour for them but we just relaxed and opened the bottle of champagne that was in the room on our arrival! The room had lots of flowers and the bathroom too. The room had a hairdryer and an iron and ironing board! The cleaners came every day and filled up our minibar, we tipped $2 every 2nd day and then left $10 on the last day! They were very grateful!We tried all of the restaurants except the Seafood, our favourites were the Italian, Mexican and Steakhouse! We never had a problem reserving the al a cartes the day before. The waiters were great and our glasses were never empty. The breakfast and lunch buffets were fabulous, we would both be fussy eaters and neither of us eat salad but we always had a large selection to choose from. The waiters are all so friendly!We spent most days by the beach and we never had any trouble getting a sunbed at any time of the day! As topless sunbathing isn't allowed by the pool there was a few topless women at the beach! Neither of us saw any mosquitos while we were there!Some people complain about the long walk to the reception and restaurants, our room was beside the pools, quite close to the beach which is the opposite side of the resort and it only took us 10mins to walk to the restaurants and we stopped along the way most nights to take photos as there is so many photo opportunities there. We only took the train when there was an occasional shower as we thought it was lovely to walk after sitting by the beach all day!My husband and I are saving to go back again on our 3rd Anniversary and we only hope that people don't miss out on this paradise because of negative reviews.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mamma Melia! My wife and I just returned from a week at the Melia. After reading so many poor reviews we were skeptical. Thank goodness we didn't listen to the reviews. The grounds as everyone says are beautiful, the pool is spotless and the place is tremendous. If you don't mind walking from the pool and the restaurants then it isn't a problem, if you do mind there is a trolley that will take you there. The pools and restaurants are on opposite ends of the resort. The breakfast buffet was good with a lot of variety, lunch was the same. The bottom line was if it didn't look fresh we didn't eat it. We ate dinner at 6 of the restaurants and they were fantastic. Definitely try the Japanese place and Le Gourmet (get the beef it was excellent). We called the day before for reservations and always got a table and never had to wait. The service above all was excellent. The majority of the drinks were strong, however, if you want more alcohol in your drink just ask them, they will happily oblige. There were one or two people who weren't pleasant to deal with but that is everywhere you go. Most were eager to help us anyway they can. We don't speak Spanish but as soon as you tell the staff that, they will speak in English. This resort is definitely geared to Europeans. The rooms do need an upgrade. The furniture is old.The pool had plenty of chairs as did the beach. Beware of the timeshare speech you will get upon arrival. Overall the Melia did have some flaws but none were enough to ruin a vacation. We would go back to the resort. I can see how in the summer months the place is packed and the wait staff is stretched. During our stay the tropical side of the resort was closed and the hotel was not full.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never again My husband and I spend five nights and could not wait to get home. The food was horrible!! the drinks watery. You had about five resturants to choose from yet each night the same three were closed. You to wait two hours for the french resturant  which turned out to be horrible. The hostess of the resturant was also rude. To top it off at the Spanish resturant, they were playing Kenny G's Christmas album in march. The grounds were beautiful but if you don't wish to starve don't waste your time.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best vacacion I ever had My wife and me stayed in february 2004 at the Melia Caribe Tropical and we were very impressed.The rooms were clean, beautyful and very nice decorated every day. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the food was excellent and served in very interesting, lovely restauurants. The bar was great, the pool and the beach clean and very nice. A big variety of sports are offered. It' s exciting.We highly recommend the Melia Caribe Tropical. Vistit it, stay there and you will love it. We will certainly come back in february 2005.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeffh
<Content>Hurricane Jeanne Sept 11-18, 2004I was extremely reluctant to vacation at the Melia Tropical after reading all of the negative reviews. For the first few days of our stay, I would have to say that things were not that bad. The grounds,pool and beach are absolutely beautiful, and the staff is very friendly and eager to help. The food in the a la carte restaurants was pretty good, just different. And best of all, the a la cart restaurants are air conditioned (the buffet restaurants are open air, and it is HOT!). We were careful and chose our food wisely, and managed to avoid getting sick (in the beginning!)Then came Hurrican Jeanne... with no warning! We went for a day and a half with no food, water or electricity. Later on the second day, when I decided to take my chances and wade through the floods to get to the lobby, I found that they had limited amounts of food available in a make shift cafeteria. I gathered up a few things to bring back to our room. They had limited staff after the storm, and seemed to be doing what they could, which was very little. My biggest complaint was that there was absolutely no communication from the resort management either before or after the storm. Some people in the rooms beneath us (we were in the buildings closest to the beach) had several inches of water in their rooms. The ocean had come all the way up to our building. Management should have moved us more inland. Someone could have gotten hurt! No one ever came or called the rooms to see if everybody was alright. As for not getting sick, I was OK until I got on the plane, and then it hit me. I was still sick for a week after getting home. I can only assume that the food we got after the storm was either spoiled, or not prepared or stored properly.Although my first few days were enjoyable and relaxing, I cannot recommend a resort that takes the safety of it's guests so lightly.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hurricane Jeanne blew us to Melia First off let me start by saying that the Melia Caribe Tropical was not our first choice. We booked at the Punta Cana Resort and Hotel but this was destroyed by Hurricane Jeanne and won't open back up until January. We were never told of this (called on our own) but after many trials and tribulations travelocity finally got us re-booked at the Melia. Anyway we were very worried since we new little about the hotel and read (in my opinion) some very bogus bad reviews. (Some of these bad reviews were obviously ridiculous just by reading them but others seemed legit鈥?well they鈥檙e not!) This place is pure paradise! No one should give a one star review, it is way to beautiful no matter what kind of hiccups you experienced. Amazing gardens, peacocks, flamingos, coconut trees everywhere, beautiful ocean, emaculately groomed grounds, marble, fountains and statues everywhere, huge pools and beaches lined with comfy lounge chairs, and large clean rooms are at least deserving of 3-4 stars (We could not believe it was only ten days after a big Hurricane directly hit the place!!!) It has a very european flavor which did not bother us at all. If a few beautiful topless european women on the beach or everyone speaking en espanol offends best stay somewhere else. I suggest learning at least a little bit of Spanish as it comes in very handy and they seem to appreciate the effort. (My wife speaks none and got along fine however) We saw mostly couples and newly-weds with a few families and wedding groups. There didn't seem to be many single people there. Rooms were very clean with comfortable beds/pillows, cable TV (in English for the most part), great A/C, marble floors and bath. We saw a few very small ants but found they were attracted by the fresh flowers placed around the sink each morning. Enjoy them then throw them outside and the bugs won't bother you. Saw one or two flies/mosquitoes the entire trip. The chamber maid (Wendy) was very friendly and kept the fridge stocked with diet cokes and bottled water after a small tip each day. (these people make $8 per DAY so give them a few pesos/dollars and they will show you how much they appreciate it with fine service.) Excellent amenities are too extensive to list. We enjoyed SCUBA, windsurfing, paddleboats, the spa (facial/message) lounging and walking on the beach and swimming in the pool. (Probably wouldn't pay for any lessons unless you speak the language fluidly.) Food was decent. Not 5 star, not terrible. Japanese steakhouse was very good (though I wouldn鈥檛 recommend the sushi.) I would recommend Americans stick with the chicken and seafood dishes. They are very good and the beef and pork did not taste the same as we were used to. I would also be on the safe side and ask your doctor for some antibiotics just incase you get a hold of some water by accident. (I took levaquine daily and my wife didn鈥檛, neither of us got ill.) We found it easy to get into the ala carte restaurants and found the service to be quite good there. Alcohol was abundantly available at the many bars, clubs and Casino. Top-shelf liquors including Absolute, Tanquere, Jim Beam, Johnny Walker were all included. Only beer is Presidente on tap (a very tasty and light local beer.) The bartenders were very fast, friendly and really seemed to enjoy their work. We enjoyed the live bands and the Casino but the other entertainment at night was a bit lacking. (We didn't go there for the shows though.)Take this review and others for what they are worth...one person鈥檚 opinion. My wife and I are very particular travelers who have been to several 4 and 5 star resorts. We demand a lot from the places we stay and the Melia delivered in everyway. Do not fear the occasional bogus reviews from some disgruntled traveler. If you are ready to relax and enjoy a visit to paradise you will have the vacation of a lifetime. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For All of you negative people My wife and I went to the Melia, and we loved it. We were really scared to go after reading many comments regarding the resort. We have prior to Punta Cana been to Aruba for the past 30 years and did not miss one year. We decided to go to Punta Cana, and stay at the Melia resort. Let me tell you what it really about. The people at the resort are wonderful, the food was excellent, the bars well they were great. The resort is large, and if you do not like walking, please stay home. We have traveled to Aruba for the last time. Aruba is too expensive when you compare the two. If you could speak a little spanish, it would be helpful, however it is not necessary. The communication is fine. The grounds are, its really hard to describe, you are in paradise. We, unfortunatly had spent the last three days with hurricane Jeanne, let me tell you the resort lost power only for minutes, we were on generators for three days, and the hotel workers tried to do their very best, and they were good about it. What you have to rember is that you have to make the best out of a bad situtation. I heard horror stories about other resorts such as secerts where they really had problems. WE had a wonderful time, and please do not be intimated by reading other peoples comments, and to all of you who think bad things about the resort should get a life, and stay home. PS the pool and the pool bar unbeliveable, I have never seen a pool as large with palm trees in the middle of the pool, and swim up to the bar, and they have two pools the same size. I walked around the pool in ist entirety, and its 1/2 mile around the entire pool. Ads  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great accomadations and facilities but the food was mediocre I wasn't sure what to expect after reading mixed reviews but was pleasantly surprised. The resort is huge so make sure you have a room near the ocean. The pools are perfect for being a slug and drinking rum drinks with little pieces of fruit. The food is generally mediocre at best and if you have ever been to Benihana don't waste time on the Japanese restaurant. Also if you have teenage kids make sure they have friends with them, since there is no gathering place or activity center for them. Tip frequently but not overgenerously because a little goes a long way. Also make sure that if you use a tour service, they put you on the right bus. We ended up in some chuches instead of cigar factories. Overall if you want to be a total degenerate it is the ideal location.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic, Fantastic, Fantastic The Luckiest Person AliveOkay, firstly I am either the luckiest person alive or this resort has drastically improved, given some of the negative comments. I think some people have suffered a little culture shock and are not used to poverty stricken tropical islands - though I do sympathise greatly with those who suffered serious illness, but I hasten to add that similar ailments can be suffered in Spain, Greece, France and just about anywhere else.Right, don't let this put you off, but on day 5 my partner got a little ill. The on-site medical centre was fantastic. Within 40 minutes the doctor and nurse came to our room and started her on a fluid and antibiotic drip. 24 hours later she was back on her feet and in the pool. Now I know this sounds a little scary but I doubt very much the same level of medical attention would be received in many places around the world. Food Preparation  BuffetsI have a feeling that the resort has cleaned up its act somewhat because I saw very little evidence of food covered in flies. Yes, there are some - that's what happens when you put food outside, but I did notice at the buffet BBQ that they continually placed meat back on the grill every few minutes. Breakfasts were great with incredible variety. Lunch offers a huge variety of grilled foods, salad, bread, fish, etc.etc. The resort has improved it booking service for the al-a-carte restauraunts, you simply make a booking the day before from the telephone in your room. We had no problems with this, though I don't think the resort was full when we were there. The other think I found a little annoying was that you could no eat in the same place within a 5 day period. However, we found the a la carte a bit of a let down really and ended up, for the last 5 days, eating at the buffet.Enough of the negatives.The site is fantastic. Beautiful gardens, amazing pools, wonderful beach and excellent water sport facilitlies. I did some SCUBA for the first time and the PADI approved dive centre is very professional and friendly. We also did the AquaticTour - you get a two seater speedboat which you take in a convoy down the coast before doing some reef snorkelling - this was really good and well worth the money.Coach takes about 30 minutes from Punta Cana airport, but we stopped at 2 other resorts first, so probably 20 minutes direct.All in all we had a fabulous time. Incredibly relaxing, incredibly hot and humid, wonderful facilities.One final note. Many people suggested the staff did not understand you, or failed to offer any service. This, frankly, is nonsense. I have been to few places where the people are as warm and welcoming, and language is only as much a problem as any other foreign land.I would certainly go back to this place, if only there weren't so many other places to go and see.Enjoy!!PS - One review said there weren't enough Americans there. I would have thought this was a good reason to go - lol, but joking aside we actually coincided with labor day weekend and there were loads there. I have never been to a place with so few English people and I have to say it was delightfully refreshing. Though I tend to prefer to get away from my own kind on holiday.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All I expected and then some I was at Melia for one week Aug 28 to Sept 4. I have been reading some of the reviews before mine.Were we at the same place with these other people, I think not. The weather was beautiful, the resort was unbeliveably beautiful, at one point when I was on the beach I said to myself did I die and go to heaven. I found the Dominican Republic people to be very friendly. and helpful. Yes it was very big and we did a lot of walking, but after eating all that food you had to walk to work it off. The food was good, have I had better yes but I was in America at that time.There were many types of food to choose from, there was something for every one. My grandchildren had a wonderful time, and so did I this is one vacaton we all will remember. Would I go back, YES I would.I have recommed the Melia to my friends and co-workers.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Melia We are a family of 4 (2 teenage boys 14  16). This is our 3rd visit to this resort 鈥?we visited in March 2001 and March 2002. This time we opted to visit in summer 鈥?it鈥檚 cheaper than during March break and we were having a bummer of a summer in Toronto anyway! We all had a wonderful time again. We arrived at Punta Cana airport at about 11:20am and went through immigration fairly quickly. The welcoming group of musicians were present as usual to greet us with Dominican music as well as the photographers 鈥?photos cost $6 US and can be picked when departing. Our luggage came through quickly and we hopped into a taxi (minibus) to take us to Melia Tropical 鈥?the fare is $22 US and takes about 20mins. ARRIVAL: We arrived at the Melia Tropical lobby at 12:00 noon and there proceeded to check in. We were given our room number but no card keys as we were told the rooms would not be ready til 3:00pm (the normal checkin time). No problem 鈥?we had packed our swimwear in our carryon pieces (backpacks) so we ensured the porters wrote our room number on the luggage and then we proceeded to the Agora grill restaurant for lunch, then relaxed on the beach and around the pool until 3:00pm. We went back to the lobby to collect our room keys and went to the room to unpack and settle in.ROOM: As usual very clean, with kingsize bed and a pullout sofabed. The kingsize mattress was a bit firm but good for the back, but the sofabed mattress wasn鈥檛 very comfortable but we managed well enough. The fridge was stocked with bottles of water and 2 Pepsi and 2 7Up. These were refilled during our stay 鈥?just let the chambermaid know that you would like it restocked. There is a notice on the fridge that says it is stocked only once on arrival. Upon entering the room the lights and AC are activated by inserting the cardkey into a slot just inside the doorway. There is a safe in the room which is locked using your room cardkey to initially set the code. However there is a charge of $2 per day for this and the cardkey has to be enabled at the front lobby 鈥?you can do this at checkin. Some folk may not know this and become frustrated trying to program the safe code. The maid did a wonderful job of keeping our room clean, beds made, fresh towels and fridge restocked during our stay. We tipped her when we were leaving to show our appreciation.PROPERTY: We could tell they had a pretty dry season. The grass and vegetation looked a little thin and dry 鈥?not as lush and green as when we visited in March. However, there were still lots of pretty flowers 鈥?hibiscus, ixora, boughanvilla, buttercups etc. Good for picture taking. The ponds in both lobbies contained mostly small fish 鈥?cichlids and carp which were huge the last time around. The groundsmen do a great job of keeping up the appearance of the property. There was construction of a new wing just behind the pool. These new villas are for Melia Vacation Club members and the sales office and should be completed by year end. For those who don鈥檛 know, this complex is actually two resorts side by side 鈥揟ropical and Caribe. They are designed almost identical with the lobbies and most restaurants, shops, theatres, fun pub/disco, casino, tennis courts at the one end and the grill (breakfast and lunch buffet) restaurants and very large pools at the beach end. There are a cluster of villas also at either end and they are separated by an eco-nature park in the middle. It takes about a 10 minute casual walk from lobby to beach. The elderly or physically challenged may find this tiresome especially during the midday sun, but there is a train-like tram which comes around every 15 minutes. I found them to be quite punctual although I hardly ever used them. The walk is very relaxing and you can admire the flora and fauna 鈥?mostly peacocks, ducks, fowl, flamingoes. Most of the flooring in the rooms, lobbies etc are tile or marble, and the walkways are of a type of stamped concrete. There are all beautiful to look at but also they can be very slippery when wet, and there are many signs warning you to be careful!FOOD: There are a total of 12 restaurants between the two resorts. 7 are a la carte (air-conditioned), dress code in effect i.e. men wear long pants, no t-shirts or tank tops, no slippers/sandals, and require 24 hr reservation. Decide where you want to dine the following day and call in at 8:00am to make the reservation. We had no problems. This is different from what is stated in the package your room cardkeys came in. That states that the Japanese is the only a la carte requiring reservations. They are obviously trying to find the best method of making all the a la carte restaurants available to as many guests as possible. Some resorts limit the amount of times you can dine in the a la carte during your stay, while others do not require reservations but you could end up waiting in line up to 45 mins to get a table. I prefer this new method and you cannot book for the entire week at once 鈥?just for the following night. People book, then change their minds, don鈥檛 bother to cancel and cause other guests to miss out.The quality is the food in general was good. Some dishes were really good, while others were just okay. I guess when it comes to food everyone has their preferences 鈥?some like it hot and spicy, others like it bland with less salt, some like sweet. The thing to remember is that all of the ingredients used 鈥?meat (beef, lamb, pork, goat), poultry (chicken, turkey), sausages, cheeses, vegetables, herbs, seasonings etc are all locally grown or cultivated. The flavors and textures would naturally taste different from what you are used to if you are not from the DR or the Caribbean region. I overheard some complaints about the steaks (here they are actually called beef filets) but I tried them and they were very soft and tender, but different than say a Black Angus T-bone, NY striploin or ribeye.AGORA/TUREY grill: fairly standard buffet menu throughout the week but lots of items so you should be able to find something no matter what your tastes are. I thoroughly enjoyed the PAELLA (spanish seafood rice). The fried chicken was also amazing (and I鈥檝e cut out fried food from my menu). I no longer eat Kentucky etc but this fried chicken was very tasty, was not greasy or fatty. There were salads, fruit, stews 鈥?goat  lamb, beans, lentils, rice, potatoes, pasta dishes made to order, pizza, hamburgers, hotdogs, plaintains, grilled meats 鈥?beef, chicken, pork, salmon, shrimp. We always looked out for local dishes as we always try out the local dishes of whatever country or region we visit. We don鈥檛 mind trying new dishes especially if it looks and smells good! Because these are open air restaurants we stayed away from dishes that tend to spoil quickly such as dairy products, deli meats, dishes with milk or yogourt base.HOKKAIDO (Japanese): The food was quite tasty although not authentic japanese (they did not even use teriyaki sauce or marinade, instead they used soy sauce). We actually went here twice as the boys really enjoyed it. The meat dishes were good 鈥?beef was tender, turkey also very tasty (could not tell that it was not chicken), and the seafood mix also quite good. The chefs try to put on a show while preparing the meal but they need crowd participation to really make it an enjoyable experience. A very sedate group does not create an atmosphere of excitement and anticipation.PAGODA (Chinese): The Shrimps in Chili sauce were excellent as were the Peking duck crepes and the Pork in cashew nuts. The service here was also good.CAPRI (seafood): Really enjoyed the grilled lobster tails, shrimp and fish. We did not try the other dishes as we all love our seafood. My personal favourite a la carte restaurant. We also tipped the trio that came around and serenaded us with a few songs.MA MAISON (French): The beef filet was very tender and tasty. I found the seafood thermidor a bit too creamy, but the overall atmosphere here was very nice.LOS PANCHOS (Mexican): Ate at the buffet section here and the custom made burritos and fajitas were outstanding. We did not try the italian LA GONDOLA or the international LE GOURMET. The Dominican night was at the ATABALES on Thursday night and that was also very good.NOTE: We packed enough medication such as Immodium, Gravol, Pepcid, Tylenol etc. but never needed any of it. There are many stories of people visiting strange new countries and coming down with stomach infections, etc. Use your discretion. Too much food or drink can cause your stomach to react. Many resorts advise you drink only bottled water 鈥?no tap water or pool water (pool water is notorious for containing bacteria and other germs). If you suspect that food may be spoilt due to staying too long exposed in the heat 鈥?do not eat it. Some foods have natural laxative properties such as coconut milk, prunes and certain fruit. Give your stomach some time to adjust to the new cuisine. Don鈥檛 do extremes i.e. too much food, drink or sun.BARS: There are bars at each lobby, main pool, and restaurant. Service was very prompt and if you wanted your drinks stronger just ask for more alcohol 鈥?mas fuerte. However the frozen drinks weren鈥檛 even frozen 鈥?their slushy making machines need replacement 鈥?the mixes are cold but certainly not frozen which does make a difference. Only one beer 鈥?Presidente 鈥?it is a good beer.RECREATION:GOLF: I played golf at the Cocotal Golf Club on 5 mornings. My tee times were between 7:00am and 7:15am. The original 18 holes were the blue and red courses and they鈥檝e added another 9 holes 鈥?the white course. The red course was under renovation so we played the blue and white. Still a fairly decent course with well-manicured greens and some picturesque holes. The club house and facilities are top notch. They will store your clubs at $1 per day. Cart rental is mandatory at $33. Free shuttle service to and from the golf club. Club rental, driving range and lessons are available.NON-MOTORIZED WATER SPORTS: Took the boys out on a Hobie Catarmaran which they really enjoyed. Also did the Pedal Boats and Kayaks. Did not try windsurfing. Water here is very clear, turquoise, with some seaweed growth in areas further offshore.OTHER ACTIVITIES: Motorized water sports are not included. You can rent SeaDoos, mini speedboats, parasailing, paragliding, snorkeling, scuda diving, horseback riding and many other off resort tours are available. There was enough within the resort to keep us busy.BEACH AND POOL: The Caribe and Tropical each have a very large lakelike pool that meanders around with islands in the middle areas. The pool at the Tropical also has a jacuzzi in the midde of it. Each has a swim up bar. There are many chairs and palapas surrounding the pool, but some people have this nasty habit of trying to reserve the best spots by leaving towels on the chairs. Whenever you pass by these chairs are always empty. There are signs up that state that this practice is forbidden and if unoccupied one may remove these towels and claim these chairs. Topless sunbathing is also not allowed around the pool, which also has a shallow wading area for young children.The beach is certainly one of the nicest we鈥檝e been to. Whatever seaweed is washed up on shore overnight is picked up by 7:30am and trucked away. Lounge chairs are neatly arranged in rows along the beautiful white sand beach. The 2 properties occupy a large stretch of this part of Bavaro beach. The saltwater is usually warm and is great therapy for aching muscles and stiff joints. There are a fair amount of topless sunbathing on the beach, but this is common practice among europeans and latin people, and it's not a problem for them or their children.SERVICE: We鈥檝e heard and read many complaints about the service, but we鈥檝e never had any issues. We find the Dominicans to be very friendly and willing to please you. You can initiate a conversation with an 鈥淗ola, que tal?鈥?and they will try to communicate with you as best they can. This is a spanish speaking country and they get many visitors from USA, Canada, France, Italy, Germany, Spain, Argentina, UK.SPA: atmosphere very relaxing, Massage was adequate. Similar to SPAs found elsewhere.ENTERTAINMENT: Live music played each evening in the Tropical lobby. These guys are very good, professional. They play all types of music but I enjoyed the salsa and instrumental ballads the most. There is a mini disco for the kids in the Tropical theatre which they seem to enjoy very much. There is also a FunPub with pool table, which also doubles as the disco. If you鈥檝e got a crowd in a party mood, you can have a good time here. There are themes shows at the Caribe theatre every night including a guest participation night. Theme shows include Flamenco Night, Disco Night, Dominican night and the performance and the performers are pretty good. Very enjoyable. The CASINO is on the Caribe side next to the theatre 鈥?mostly slot machines, roulette and blackjack tables.COMMENT: There are so many things that can make your vacation enjoyable or ruin it. A lot of it has to do with one鈥檚 attitude and demeanor. If you lose control and allow people or situations to get the better of you, then you can be sure that your vacation will be ruined. We travel quite a bit and have been on cruises in the Caribbean, Mediteranean and Alaska. We鈥檝e been to Jamaica (Sandals Mobay, Dunn鈥檚 River, Beaches Boscobel), Cuba (Beaches Varadero), Puerto Rico, Trinidad, Tobago, Barbados, Venezuela, Panama, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, 21 day European Coach tour and we鈥檝e pretty much enjoyed all our trips. When we go on vacation we mean it i.e. leave the stress behind, relax, don鈥檛 become agitated or aggravated. It can be tough to do because you want so much to have a good time and have no problems that you become stressed out just trying to achieve that. Try to understand the culture, the pace of the people and the pulse of the country. Every country and culture is different 鈥?those that cater to the tourist industry seem to be more relaxed and laid back. 鈥淛ust now鈥?or 鈥淪oon鈥?could be tomorrow. In a developed country 鈥淪oon鈥?meant yesterday! Standards are also different. A 5 star rating in the US or UK may be only 3 or 4 star in a lesser developed country if judged by the same standards. It is what makes them different to what we are accustomed to, that makes want to go there for our vacation. I have found Melia Caribe Tropical to contain just about everything I want and need to help me unwind and relax, and I am already looking forward to my next visit. I would certainly recommend this resort to family and friends.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KellyZiem
<Content>Save your money! Me and my husband just got back last night (09/08/04) from The Melia Caribe Tropical and we had so many problems that we paid the airline $200 to get us out of there 2 days early! Don't get me wrong the grounds and the main area's of the hotel are beautiful, the people who work there are nice and try to help solve your issues but here are the problems we encountered. First of all when they say it is a huge place you cannot begin to wonder just how enormous it is. We were close to the pool but VERY far from the lobby and restaurants, there is a train that comes every 15 minutes so that was not too bad. We noticed little ant like bugs in our bathroom and decided to just kill them and let it go, until we were getting ready for bed and noticed that these same bugs were living in the crack of the bed frame as well! No matter how many we killed more would come. We called and had our room changed within an hour (at 1:30 AM) and moved to another room, that also had bugs! We were gonna try to move the bed away from the wall but we could not since the bed is a giant cement block with a mattress on it! We decided to let it go and try to enjoy our vacation. We then encountered another problem. The only places for breakfast and lunch are outside buffets where the food sits out for hours in the heat and is COVERED in flies. Not a few flies, TONS AND TONS of flies! Our breakfast usually consisted of dry fruit loops since the milk was warm and from a box. The dinners were a little better, at least no flies, but the food does not taste like anything that is tastes like here (the US) Which brings me to another point, very few americans. Ok it is a different country BUT I have been to resorts in other countries and usually you see Americans, we could spend an entire day without encountering a single American or even English speaking person, and the other guests will treat you like an outcast if they know you are American and are very RUDE! This is not an isolated experience either because at dinner our last night at the Japanese restaurant (which is the best food in the resort) we met 4 other American families who we spent all night with talking about how bad the food was and how we felt like outcasts being American. Also you have to make reservations for dinner the day before and we ran into problems where we were told they were full and eventually after calling guest services they would squeeze us in and when we arrived there was 90% empty tables! We also ran into several Americans at the Airport who were leaving early because of their problems and some of the people were from other hotels also. One last problem was naked children around the pool and IN THE POOL including naked babies in the pool. One man on our bus to the airport said he saw a naked baby go to the bathroom (not #1 either) in the pool! There is no lifeguards or anyone from the hotel that do anything to stop this either. Oh yeah tons of topless women by the pool, so if you have children they will see it because nobody from the hotel will say a word to them even though it is in the rules that it is not allowed. I came to this same website and thought that te people who wrote bad reviews must be either exagerating or just hard to please but they are not, it is all true! Do yourself a favor and go to Aruba, we made the mistake of trying something new and we will stick to our yearly trip to Aruba where you get the whole package from now on!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation Express is horrible, and so is Apple Vacations I thought the grounds were beatiful, but when your loved one gets Shigella which comes from the people making your food not washing their hands after taking a sh*t you are going to be disappointed. Not only was my wife sick but over 3/4 of our flight home was sick. One woman couldn't even leave the island because she was so sick. Another guy had to be rushed off the plane and into an ambulance. It's pretty bad when the CDC wants to know how you got Shigella when it is deadly and doesn't usually show up in the United States. Would it be too much to ask that they wash their hands after going to the bathroom. Would it be too much to ask that they wash their hands in the same water they tell you not to drink. It's pretty much guaranteed you will get sick on the trip either while you are there or when you get home. I will never return to any of these islands I don't care how beautiful they are. I watched a guy punch his new wife in the face in the pool and I was the only one out of 50 people to break it up. The security wouldn't do anything about it. I'm not the only one to complain about this hotels security, and the fact that Vacation Express is the most unorganized vacation company ever. People on the plane were complaining about all the resorts and vacation companies so you are pretty much going to be disappointed if you go on this trip.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a relaxing time!! Would definately recommend it! I can't believe some of the petty stuff that I am reading about this resort. I read several of the mixed reviews before visiting and I expected the worst but was pleasantly surprised. People complain about ants, flys on food, not getting drinks filled, long flights, etc. are you kidding? I found the people in the Dominican Republic to be very friendly. Yes we did run into some quarks, but doesn't everybody. Also let me remind everybody, this is an all inclusive resort. If you want your drink filled faster or more liquor in your drink, or more than two towels, drop a dollar or two. You'd be surprised what kind of service you get. Those people work for pennies. In all I found the Melia Caribe Tropical to be beautiful, from the pool grounds to the beach. I've been to several all-inclusives, and this was the best by far. I traveled there August 28th - September 4th. The weather was beautiful and the people were friendly. I have three children ages 8, 5, and 2. They spent several days at the childrens activites center. The kids had a ball. There was enough activites to do for all. They also became very close with several of the women who were incharge of the center. The complex is huge. Yes and there is a lot of walking, or you can wait for the train. I was happy to walk after all the food and drinking. Night life was minimal. They do have The Fun Bar which is open till 2:00am and the Casino till 3:00am. We managed to meet people and have our own fun. The food was very exceptable. If you want american food, then stay in america. If you travel to a foreign country, expect the food to be different. It's not Disney World. In all, I would highly recommend this resort for families and couples.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible experience I was there for 4 days with my 10 year old son and the visit was not as great. There are no children activities what so ever which made this resort a nightmare because my son was not entertained at all. The food was not great; even though I speak perfect Spanish, the orders where not correct. The location is beautiful with clear waters but this is not a resort for families. There are no activities for the evening and their shows completely stink.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again will I return to this resort!!!!! I just returned from my vacation on 9.3.04 and boy am I glad to be home! First let me start by warning everyone to purchase the safe when you check in. They do not ask you if you want to purchase it so make sure you ask!! We left our room to eat and purchase the safe and when we returned someone had dropped off a fruit basket and champagne but took our video camera as a tip which we did not notice was missing till the next morning. The security and management was not a help. They found out who came in our room but of course they couldn't find our camera. What a joke. 2. The housekeeping wasn't great. I had to call them 3 times to come pick up broken glass so my son wouldn't step in it. 3. We tried to vistit Manati Park which I found to be a waist of money. Buses only come every two hours to bring you back to your hotel and all that walking around in the heat, you rather be in the pool at the hotel. You can go swimming with the dolphins but our son was too small and I wish our rep at our hotel would have told us. 4. After we came back from the park we went back to our room to relax and noticed that the maid had already cleaned our room but someone had urinated on the floor in the bathroom! They of course cleaned it up when I called security but offered no explaination as to who would of done it.5. To me, the hotel is way too big for families with small children. I wish my travel agent would of told us to bring a stoller cause we carried our son everywhere!6.To anyone visiting Melia with plans to leave your children with the day care DONT!They had three girls there watching about 15-20 kids. The girls were all sitting together not watching the different areas of the day care. The front gate was left open for children to wonder off. 7. The food was hardly digestable. It was always in an open area with flies and was not ever kept properly cool. I did not experience any stomach problems but my husband had enough for the both of us.In all we were very disappointed how the management and security handled the theft of our video camera. I think that should of been more helpful and perhaps tried to make it up to us in some other way.To any one thinking of going to Meila I would not recommed it. I didn't want to beleive any of the reviews that I read but I wish that I had cause it really is a place that I will never return to again!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Grounds, Wonderful Staff, Reasonably Priced!! My husband and I were married at the Melia Caribe Tropical in April, and we had 18 total friends and family that joined us. Everyone had a wonderful time, and raved about how beautiful the wedding turned out. The staff was amazing, and they made the wedding plans a very smooth process. The beach is gorgeous, and they have cute little grass umbrella trees with chaise lounge chairs all along the beach. We noticed that some of the other resorts did not have the option of shade on the beach, and it turned out to be a nice retreat after being in the sun all day. There are plenty of activities on the beach and in the water, and the large pool and swim-up bar were a lot of fun. The food was excellent, with 12 different restaurants to chose from, everyone could be satisfied. The resort is large enough that if you do have a big group, you can split-up and do your own thing - if you want. There is a casino, where some of our group found refuge in the evenings, and the bars were a favorite late night stop as well. Overall a wonderful, and memorable experience, and we hope to return again someday. We also highly recommend this resort for the perfect destination wedding experience.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort We have been to many all-inclusive resorts around the caribbean, including many in the Dominican Republic. The Melia resort has been one of the best. We stayed for one week in April 2004. I was concerned about the size of the resort before we even got there because it seemed too large from their internet pictures -- I didn't want to hike to get to the beach or the pool on my vacation! When we got there, we realized that it is essentially two mirror-image resorts adjacent to each other -- the Caribe side and the Tropical side. We stayed on the Caribe side and thought it was great. There seemed to be more Americans and Canadians on the Caribe side and more Europeans on the Tropical side -- not that it really made a difference, but just an observation. The resort is big, but manageable on foot for those who don't mind a 10 minute walk (from lobby to beach). There is a train (i.e., tram) that runs a loop through the resort. You can hop on an off at any time. Also there are horse drawn carriages you can take to your destination around the resort -- very nice touch! We loved the resort. The rooms were very clean and very large! I believe all the rooms are suites -- we had a large bedroom, a sitting room and a balcony. Very nice. Our room was very close to the beach/pool area. When staying at an all-inclusive for 7 days, having a variety of restaurant selections is key. No problem at Melia. The only issue is that they do not take reservations. Therefore, for the more popular restaurants (seafood restaurant and the steak house) either come early or come late, but don't expect to get a table right away if you arrive at 6pm. Otherwise, the food is good. Service is not that great, although it varies from restaurant to restaurant; nevertheless, the wait staff were always pleasant. We also played golf at the course connected to the resort and had a great time. Our greens fees were included in our package, so it was a good opportunity to play. I would suggest getting a very early or a late afternoon tee time b/c the sun is very strong, and there is not much shade on the course. The course was well maintained. It was mostly wide open, so not too challenging for those who are beginners.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In dire need of Improvement My wife and I decided to visit Punta Cana and stay at the Melia Grand tropical. Our experience at the Meila was, for lack of better word, ok. Thats a modest ok. There are some things which we felt, based on our experience, sucked BIG TIME!!!Such as:1) How about some fresh towels from time to time?? I mean, why would the cleaning staff just fold up those that were previoulsy used the day before.2) the water....nuff said. Whether it was filtered, or bottled, it made no difference. One will spend a majority of the time there duck taped to the toilet. 3) Hidden fees for safe box in room (this is included in other hotels ...even the melia in spain!!!!)4) Good luck trying to get a shade spot (umbrella) as people will reserve them by placing towels on them and screw the other people who want to have a shade spot. There are 2 signs which clearly state that this practice is not acceptable.5) Buffet style food. Point blank...flies everywhere and the service was unacceptable. We were done with our food before we even got our drinks. AND WE'RE SPANISH!!! even after getting getting our drinks, they were the wrong ones.6) Good luck trying to book at one of a la carte restaurants. You have to call betwen a certain time to reserve it. This is the only type of ood which taste decent.7) At the catamaran tour, the driver of the speed boat stopped 400 yards away from shore and demanded a tip if you wanted to be taken back to shore. The alternative was to swim back. NO BS!!!!8) At the Huguey tour, the group was taken to the church of altagracia. If you wanted to go inside, the church asked for an entrance fee. Meanwhile, regular citizens of Huguey can enter with no problem. hmmmm9) No discotech for adults. All you do is go to the lounge where people just smoke in front of you and get bruised bar drinks.10) You have a better chance getting your drinks cold by keeping the AC on then use the crappy refridgerator that comes with the room.11) The rooms are not internet ready. Only the lobby and there hole in the wall business center which charges you 10 U.S dollars for 15 minutes of internet use. WHAT THE ----!!!!!12) Dont even try to make calls from your room. NOT WORTH IT.13) The melia has 2 lounges with 2 shops. Both charge different prices. HUH?!?!?!14) The bank in the lobby 'claims' to not have american money when you want to change the crappy peso back to dollars. Can you say scam?There is plenty more but I just dont have the energy to write them. All in all, the melia is nice. Nothing more. The people there hound you to purchase a time share there. But this is while you fend off the pirahnas that are trying to sell you there mother!Awful service and not enough a la carte restaurants to supply the people that stay there.Would not recommend it....Sorry.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place, fantastic vacation! Just returned from this fine resort after spending 5nights/6days there. For those of you who may be contemplating on changing your vacation plans based upon all of the negative reviews - our advice is - DON'T! We're glad we didn't. The landscaping was beautifully manicured and well maintained, the pools were very clean and despite what people wrote about the buffet food, there were just a few flies here and there, nothing even close to what some of the reviewers wrote. We spent 5 nights/6 days and none of us including our two small children got sick at all. As a matter of fact, we have to go and return all of the unopened boxes of Pepto Bismal and Immodium which we brought along, since we never had to take them at all. Our room was very clean and the staff there are all very friendly and helpful. So our first advice is if you are planning on going - GO!!! Secondly, tip the folks a few bucks. In DR if you gave someone a few bucks, it is worth a whole lot of pesos and in return, you'll get a big warm smile. Would we ever go back to this all-inclusive resort - our answer is definitely YES!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What is the defintion of SERVICE? We stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from 8/11/04 鈥?8/25/04.I decided to join my family there this year, as they have been there before and raved about the hotel having such 5 star stellar service. Boy have things changed since the last time they visited this hotel!! Overall, we had an acceptable experience at this hotel. However, when you go on vacation you expect to have things such as towels, air conditioning, and GOOD service. Generally the service here is very hit or miss. If you run into the right people, that actually know what customer SERVICE is all about, they will bend over backwards to make you happy. However, if you run into the wrong people, they will make you write long reviews like this one. I will detail some highlights of our travels sorted by date below:8/11/04鈥?Punta Cana airport arrival was quick and speedy including the deplaning, immigration and the greeting of the apple tours representative where we boarded the bus to the Melia Caribe tropical hotel. Be sure to dress appropriately. The arrivals terminal of the Punta Cana airport is NOT air conditioned. Once we guided through immigration, we were immediately met by the apple tours rep to take us to our bus trip to the hotel. (Apple vacations is run by Amstar in the Dominican Republic, but they still wear the apple vacations logo and tags).鈥pon arrival at the hotel, after about a 40 minute bus trip, Apple tours passengers received separate Check-in from the other guests (this was confusing, as once we got there nobody had any clue on what was going on. It was quite confusing and frustrating, but the concierge finally shed some light for some of us). We were given a quick speech on the hotel and locations, which I think could have been more detailed and descriptive鈥?but anyway we were then told to return after 3 pm (around 3:15PM for our room key). We returned at 315 and we were only given one key and again we were told to come back later for remaining keys (we were a group of 3). Needless to say this was beginning to wear my patience thin. The way this hotel is designed, the lobby area is in the north part of the resort. This resort is VERY VERY VERY LARGE, so getting to and from the reception area from where our room was located would take a good 20 minute walk or 10 minute train ride. Our room was clear across near the beach area (the south end) , and the only quick way to get there was by these 鈥淭rolley Trains鈥?which would pass by every 15 minutes or so and did not want to keep coming back to the main lobby area only to be told to come back later. 鈥uring our initial wait (before we received our first key) we ate at Grill turey buffet style open air restaurant. Not much food selection here and service generally unacceptable. Many flies and mosquitoes flied around the open air grill food selections. A lot of the food appeared to just be sitting there for eons without being touched. Needless to say we were careful of what we ate. As for unacceptable service, an example is when we asked for pepsi and instead were given 3 beers. The funny thing is we all speak Spanish fluently so I don鈥檛 know how you can confuse 鈥渃erbeza鈥?and 鈥減epsi鈥?in their own native tongue. Generally though, most of the wait staff just didn鈥檛 seem understand what customer service actually meant. Most times we had to repeatedly ask for drinks and beverages to be brought to us and/or to be refilled. Most times I was finished with my meal before I even got 1 beverage! This is not to speak of ALL wait staff, as we did meet certain staff that would automatically bring us drinks upon arriving, but these were very far and few in between. 鈥hen we received our 1st room key, we arrived at 2725 (it is near the beach) the room condition on arrival was ok. By 鈥渙k鈥?we mean the room was clean and most amenities were there waiting for us. However many items were obviously not working. The balcony doors were broken, the room was hot (no a/c) but clean and the mini -fridge was hot and only stocked with 2 water bottles and 1 pepsi. We called the front desk and also paid a visit there to discuss our displeasure with the room condition. We also noticed the room had 2 safes in the closet. While we were at the front desk discussing our complaints, we were told the safe would cost $2 USD per day for use (non-refundable). Most hotels don鈥檛 charge you outright for using the safe, but they ask for a deposit, so this was kind of surprising to us. Be wary what you leave in the safe, as the safe is activated initially by the key card for your room. During our dinner, all our complaints were taken care of where we found a bottle of wine and a fruit basket waiting for us. 鈥each condition was oK but the shore line had lots of seaweed. Also very few shady spots were available as people tend to 鈥渞eserve鈥?spots which is really not fair to other people who actually WANT to sit on the beach. The water is, however, quite warm and clear (except for the seaweed). There are lots of beach activities (non motorized sports are included with all inclusives). Most people opted for parasailing (not included in all inclusive). Beach towels are located in the activites center in the main pool section. You exchange 鈥渂each cards鈥?for towels on a daily basis. Keep your beach cards safe, as they are each worth $15 USD if you do not return them upon check-out. 鈥inner was adequate in the food selection area, but again service was poor. We repeatedly needed to request drinks and drink refills from the wait staff at the Alhambra restaurant which serves Spanish Buffet Style food. This is definitely lacking in the service department, we were beginning to think.鈥efore our return to our room that evening, again a visit to the main lobby reception desk as one of our 3 key cards didn't work and was fixed.8/14/04鈥oday we met our chambermaid, Janely, which is something that I recommend everyone do. She was one of the senior chambermaids. We requested 3 daily towels, and plenty of water for the mini fridge on a daily basis. She definitely complied with this request. Every other day, she would leave us a CASE of water, occasional flowers on the bed, and sometimes extra towels. 鈥eservations for restaurants require 24h reservation in advance, but cannot be more than 1 @ a time. This can be a nuisance when you are trying to reserve for more than a few nights in a row. Also, reservation restaurants require you to 鈥渄ress up鈥?for them (this caters to men mostly to wear long pants, shoes and shirts .. no sandals, shorts or t shirts allowed!)鈥e had dinner reservations at the Grill Agora steakhouse @ 8.30pm. For a dress up reservations restaurant we were slightly dissapointed to find this was an outdoor restaurant! Service was still not stellear, but at least more pleasant than the buffet style restaurants. 鈥?rd Key card was broken again and was fixed again.8/15/04鈥?rd Key card broken and was fixed again. (notice the trend)鈥roundkeeper Joselo assisted w/ finding us shade on a crowded beach today  brought us coconuts. From that point forward, we were greeted every day by him and he always saved us a nice shady spot on the beach with 3 coconuts on the beach chairs for us until our departure. 鈥inner tonight at the Restaurant Atabales buffet int'l. Rosa, the most pleasant server we have encountered  most varied buffet selectoins here so far.鈥OTAL BLACKOUT at 10.45p for about 15 mins. This was a chore walking back to the room as all the grounds were pitch dark!8/16/04鈥et w/ Juan Barsy frim Apple Vacations. We were actually supposed to meet him the first day we arrived, but we were so exhausted after the long travel day we just kept pushing back until today. Apple has boycotted Manati Park tours due animal cruelty (dolphins). He did not seem pushy about selling us tours. He did mention to check back with him 1 day before our departure so he could inform us what time we were being picked up by the bus to the airport.鈥? key cards broken today  fixed. At this point we were fet up with having to visit the reception desk each and every day to have these fixed, and stopped visiting them. Lucky for us, one card always worked.鈥e Gourmet reservation at 8.30pm. Service excellent but very few dinner selections at this air conditioned restaurant. We had wine at this restaurant. Domestic wines are included in all inclusive deals. Imported wines will cost extra $$. Domestic wines include all spanish red and white wines, so they suited our tastes just fine.8/17/04鈥ent to Higuey for shopping. This is not recommended alone! Most shops Close at 7. Don鈥檛 expect high class shopping here, or anywhere in punta cana. Most shops are gift shops that carry local arts and crafts, t shirts, hats, etc. Most shops you can haggle down prices which can be fun for those who enjoy that.8/18/04 鈥ir conditioning is starting to not function as well as last week in our room. We were told by non hotel people that the air conditioning is primarily maintained by the hotel, even though each room has a thermostat (go figure!). Days were generally cold, and overnights were warmer. Not a big big deal unless you like to sleep in the arctic.鈥ach evening the lobby has a 45 minute show that starts at 10pm which is located next to the casino. These shows recycle after one week鈥?They are okay, but nothing to write home about. 8/20/04鈥oday there was some sort of private party for reception for Avon employees at turey grill restaurant that was not announced to the public and was off limits to the general public.8/21/04鈥ower outage @10.45am. Ended at 11.30am8/24/04鈥o apple rep on duty today to confirm return flight  bus pick-up time. Juan Barsy (our rep) was not easily reachable as he told us he would be. Melia Guest Svcs rep Jose Ortiz also tried to reach rep and could not. He went out of his way to find us contact #鈥檚 so that at least we could try calling later. Eventually I was able to reach someone at their local offices to confirm our airport pickup time. ($10 USD later, since I had to call from our hotel room).Noteworthy people- Joselo, Groundkeeper on beach- Janely Duluc, chambermaid- Jose Diaz, guest services Services available at the resort (those I can remember)GolfNon motorized water sportsGymnasium/Spa (The gym is mostly cardiovascular machines and free weights)Several poolsBeach12 Restaurants (3 buffet, 9 a la carte)  Several barsDaily shows at 10pmCasinoKids ClubGift ShopConcierge/Guest ServicesIf there are any further questions on any details of the resort, feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!!!! This hotel is brilliant, i must say that any of the people who leave bad reviews seem to have had an unlucky chain of events, but our stay here was brilliant!!! the only setback was the fact that we have to change rooms due to maintenence. the food is varied and nice, the staff are all helpfull (jose and the turey grill is fantastic) the food is good, however steer clear of any meats that have been on display for a while, thats just saying food poisoning please. The grounds are breathtaking and the beach is golden fine the sea is clear and snorkeling is amazing. i recommend this resort to anyone!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, Grand, Wonderful The trip was great!!!! We had no problems with anyone at the resort. All of the staff that we came into contact with spoke english and was very helpful answering any questions!! The Beaches and food were some of the best I have seen or eaten throughout my many travels. I am glad that our travel agent through Apple Vacations warned us that the beaches their were topless, so we wouldn't be suprised!! My wife even joined in to sunbath topless!! We couldn't have chosen a better place to go on our Honeymoon!!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Experience was wonderful! Let me start off by saying we had a GREAT Vacation! Despite reading so many NEGATIVE reviews, on several websites, we went with an open mind and had a BLAST!! I(18) went with my mother and father both in their mid 50's and my boyfriend, 19. I am writting for all four views of the hotel considering my mother does not know how to use the computer. The first night at the resort we ate at Le Gourmet, everyone else besides me found something RIGHT away they wanted to eat, but considering I dont eat meat, and i barely eat any seafood, i didn't think it was my place. As my boyfriend and I were heading out to go elsewhere, the head waitor(Vanderhorst was his name) stoppped me and I told him that the menu looked perfect for everyone just not me! He encouraged me to stay, saying he would get me anything I wanted! Which he did!!He got me food from other resturants which was VERYY conveinent since the reservations are a hassel!! I saw him, as well as other employee's running from resturant to restuarant to satisify me bringing me EGg rolls and spaghetti or w/e else i asked for!!!! My boyfriend and father had Caviar, escargo , salmon and squid! If anyone should have gotten sick it should have been them Let me say, none of us got sick at  ALL! We had great experiences at Japenese(hibachi), chinese, Le Gourmet, La Gondola(twice) as well as Capri(twice). I got Lobster both times a Capri and they kept on encouraging me to EEAT MROE. We Found that the staff, although there was a Language Barrier, they werre trying SOO Hard to learn new things, and understand what you are saying!! We go to their country we can't really expect them to speak fluent english!  At dinner, we met alot of VERYyy nice people, that we saw throughout the week!Its very important to be friendly, because you hear what other people have to say about things, adn what they recommend and do not recommend!  WARNING: If you go on a JEEP SAFARI, do NOOOTTT DOOO NOTTT carry anything valuable!!!! As we went through the sugar cane field, we had people JUMPING OON OUR CAR HOLDING on saying they wouldn't get off if we didn't give them money! I recommend if you do this, instead of giving money try to give something like candy or something else b/c people will fight over money like you wouldn't believe.  The pools were AWESOMEEE!! Unbelieveably CLEAN, as well as ALL THE RESTUARANTS! Yes, there were bugs at the buffet, but let me say i am the pickiest eater you will ever come across and i found soo much food(unfortuently too much, i gained weight) but at the buffets there is something for EVERYONE! I've been to other places in Dominican republic and all the buffets were the same, open and OVERLOOKING THE BEACH(you can't really complain). My boyfriend ATE everything!! Everythinggg and anything you could think of and he did NOT GET sick ONE NIGHT!  We took advantage of renting things such as the CATAMARIAN we rented a few times, although we had to be on the waiting list b/c its kinda hard to book them. We did snokeling which was nicee!! At night time my boyfriend and I went to dinner, then we went to the casino for a little while(considering you only have to be 18 there) and played a little slots, then went on to either watch a show they had their or we went to the FUN Pub(Pool,Bar, Disco). Our second to last night at the resort we went to a show off the resort called The Caribe CALIENTE it was in a cavee! It was veryy interesting, we actually had a really good time and met a very nice couple... I recommend if you have younger kids its not really for them(the show)! But all in all, we had a GREAT vacationn, reservations ARE a HASSEL!!!! But the resort is CLEAN, SPOTLESS, BEAUTIFUL and we found the staff was SOO FRIENDLY!! Everywhere we went, and just walked by a staff we'd be greeted with a smile and they were ALWAYS willing to help! I would definetly recommend the Melia Caribe (hence why i put my e-mail address if you have any questions). Pointers: Be Friendly to guests as well as staff.Be careful on out of resort excursions(like the one i said)Take advantage of all inclusive!BRING SUNSCREEN/Floats(if you think you will use them, because they are like 3$ at home, but like 12 at the gift shop, as well as like everything else at the gift shop is jacked up in prices)Bring alot of singles for tips and stuff...Make Reservations when they say too..(B/c my mom was on the ball with the reservations, we never ate at the buffet for dinner- so i dont really know what thats like)Be Open Minded, and remember you have to see the resort for yourself you can't really take my word, or anyone else's you have to experience it.. but our experience was GREAT  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again, Meli谩 This document intends to describe our experience in one of Meli谩鈥檚 all-inclusive resorts during our one-week stay in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic.I must start by saying that we were booked into a 6:40 am flight that arrived at Punta Cana two hours later, having to be at MIA airport 3 hours prior to our departure. In another words, some of us were up since 3:00 o鈥檆lock that morning, some others preferred not to sleep at all that night.The welcoming at Punta Cana Int鈥檒 Airport was great We were greeted with a group of locals playing their traditional music, and the airport personnel was courteous and helpful. The twenty-minute bumpy trip to the resort, which gave us a chance to glance through the countryside, and the treatment received from the tour company handling the trip, was not bad. But all this went sour upon our arrival at Punta Cana鈥檚 Meli谩 Caribe Tropical.As you arrive to the reception desk, and meet with one of their front desk representatives, you immediately become sickened with their arrogance, as it appears that speaking more than one language, and having a slightly higher degree of intellectuality than the rest of the employees, gives them a sense of superiority. Most of the directions given to the guests by these people as far as locations and transportation are inaccurate, and by just standing there in the reception area, you easily identify their incompetence and lack of interest.A minor detail forgotten to be mentioned to us by our travel agent was that Punta Cana鈥檚 Meli谩 Caribe Tropical鈥檚 normal operation is based on overbooking, and that check-in time is AFTER 3:00pm. Notice that after 3:00pm could be any time from 3:00pm to not having a room at all, like it happened to a young couple that we met later on, who were transferred to the Golf Suites because there were no rooms available in the Caribe Tropical at their arrival.We were a little more fortunate to have a room ready by 4:30pm, although we were offered all the privileges of the resort upon check-in. But who wants to make use of privileges after spending an entire night without sleep? We wanted to rest for a few hours as we had planned, and later make use of the pool and other hotel amenities. Out of exhaustion, we all crashed into some chairs located in the reception area, as our three-year-old daughter also fell asleep in a 98-degree heat index temperature, because no, there is no air conditioning anywhere but in certain night restaurants and in the hotel rooms. We were there from the time we arrived to the hotel until the time we got our room key, which was approximately six hours, while one of the hallway sharks that tries to ironically sell you a 鈥渕embership鈥?got a piece of our mind.When we were finally given the key to our room, this train/tram-like transportation bus that passes every 15 minutes (try 30-45) took us to the stop closest to our destination. It was at that point that we became aware that our room had been ready for hours, and as one of the maids told us, our room was the first one to be ready that morning.The rooms aren鈥檛 bad, there are 12 rooms back-to-back in each two-story villa surrounded by a breathtaking landscape, but none of them had running water at our arrival. There were no towels either, because towels seem to be a luxury that you don鈥檛 necessarily get entitled to everyday. Later on during the week, we learned that the hot water heater gets turned off at approximately 10:00pm and doesn鈥檛 come on 鈥榯ill next afternoon. One day after coming back late from a tour, we called the front desk and inquired about this problem. The person who answered the phone the first time asked us to have the hot water running for a long while, that 鈥渆ventually it will get hot鈥? The second time we called, we requested a maintenance guy, who surprisingly showed up, but he said that the repair had to wait 鈥榯ill the next day.With the exception of most restaurant personnel and cleaning crews, the attention you get is deplorable. The first three nights of our stay it rained. The train-bus was the only mean of transportation between villas and restaurants because the long and slippery stamped concrete roads had flooded due to poor design and lack of maintenance. At the arrival to the stop, the train came with the plastic covers that prevent passengers from getting wet rolled up. These covers are permanently attached, and can easily be rolled down to keep seats and passengers dry. But why would the driver get wet, we said, if the poor man isn鈥檛 even provided with a raincoat? We were all formally dressed as required by these over-rated reservation restaurants, and needless to say, we had to let the train go in hopes that as it would get to the Tropical covered station, the driver would have a chance to bring these covers down, and maybe dry the seats. 35 minutes later, the train was back the same way it had left when we let it go the first time. We gave-up on our reservation for that night and decided on waiting 鈥榯ill the rain stopped to eat in one of the many other fly-infested restaurants of the Meli谩 Caribe Tropical resort.This is not fiction, and I sincerely hope that Mr. Manfred reads the complaint we filed with Mr. Eduardo Garcia, head of customer service, where we denounced all these irregularities in addition to the decomposed lobster served to us at the Capri restaurant.We had read posted complaints like this one about Meli谩 Caribe Tropical resort, but with all honesty, it was just too much to be considered credible. On the other hand, there were other reviews from people that had enjoyed themselves intensely, and had mentioned the fun they had with all these 鈥渨ater sports鈥?and 鈥渉orseback riding鈥?activities that sounded really contradicting. We just had to witness it ourselves and share it with other guests that we also met during our stay to make our own conclusions. By the way, no discounts on water sports for being a hotel guest. If you want an hour of jet ski, prepare to pay US $120.00.The question of why would any institution put its name behind (and in this case in front) of such a messed-up operation like this one, and allow these stories to spread out without an apparent effort of correction still remains.I must not end this review without thanking the Tripadvisor site for allowing all of us to make public our independent and unbiased opinions.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful My daughter was married at the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort in April 2004. We couldn't have asked for the wedding to be more beautiful and stress-free. This resort is gorgeous and we had one of the best vacations of our lives. There are 12 restaurants and the food was great, the staff are very accommodating and friendly, and the beach and pool are delightful. There were 17 people in our group and everyone was very impressed with this resort. We highly recommend the Melia Caribe Tropical.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Believe the Hype We chose this resort for our honeymoon. From the time we arrived, to the time we left, we expereince obstacles. It took three hours to get a room which was a regular room when we were told that we would get an upgrade because it was our honeymoon. The room was infested with bugs; ants (we think), roaches, and a wasp nest in the bathroom.The food is digestable but not recommended. There are so many flies and childrens hands in and out of it that you question how safe it is to eat.The resort is beautiful, however the layout is too large for the climate. To get to the lobby from the rooms is a long hike, and waiting for the train in the heat is very frustating.The staff is rude. There were a handful that new what customer service meant. A handful speak english, making it EXTREMELY difficult to a problem resolved. At one point the customer service manager hung up on me. all I wanted was my room sprayed to kill the bugs.The beaches were beautiful. However, don't be fooled by the family atmosphere. Some of teh women go topless, and they allow their young daughters to do the same. It was not what I would want my child to experience.You had to make reservations for each of the restaurants. It was far from worth it. We ended up hungry many nights! The package was booked through Apple Vacations and their rep. was awful. He talked a big game when we arrived, but when an issue arose, he was nowhere to be found!We have now decided that that was an adventure and not a honeymoon.For those who are considering visiting the domincan keep in mind that it is a different culture and the amenities and services that we expect when we vacation are not necessarily regarded the same for all cultures or countries.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Consistently Spectacular After two trips to the Melia Tropical, we are headed back down for a third time this year. The landscaping is amazing and the employees are as personable as I have ever experienced. The facilities are always clean and well kept, and there's plenty to do, including a regular flow of vendors and artisans (don't be afraid to haggle!). The food is not five star, but remember, this is all inclusive, not a la carte. The Japanese sushi restaurant is fabulous. Overall, we have had a wonderful time there, including with our preschool-age son, who enjoys the kid's club and nightly kid's shows! Nevermind the naysayers and enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok my wife and i like the place,kids love it ,horse back and four wheeling was fun food was ok but what you expect from a small resort,just be careful  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best vacation I ever took I visited this resort 3/27 - 4/3/2004, my first time in the Caribbean. We hit it at just the right time, there was hardly anyone there (being the week before Good Friday). We got much more than we ever expected. The grounds were beautiful and very well kept. We were pleasantly surprised by all of the peacocks walking around, and they were not behind fences like in a zoo so we could get up close for some great pictures. The beach was beautiful and felt secluded. We were in a 7 mile cove so you couldn't see any other resort. It was impossible to be bored on the grounds with all the activities available. We did a few excursions, Catalina Island was the highlight of the week. I HIGHLY recommend it. The beach chairs were plentiful during our stay, but rumors had it that the previous week the place was packed and it was near impossible to get a hold of one.My only complaints were that the walk ways were EXTREMLY slippery when wet, I nearly fell a few times. The food was nothing to desire, but it wasn't too terrible either. The japanese restaurant was over rated. The staff pushed you out so the next group of people could come in.I would definately come back here again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just a few pointers The Melia Carib Tropical is the most beautiful hotel we have ever seen. The landscaping is breath- taking, complete with peacocks and horse drawn carriage rides, and jitney rides to get you around the complex. The food was outstanding as well. There are many restaurants to pick from but the seating is limited, so reservations are iffy. We have been the the Sun Village, in Puerta Plata last year and the same nonesense went on. Also, there is the language barrier. If you speak Spanish, you should have NO trouble communicating. Most of the staff does not speak any English so if you have any requests you will get the run around. It was much better than the Sun Village though! The staff really tries to meet your needs. Also, beware, there are SCAMS going on. We were taken for $95.00 by the transfer driver who picked us up at the Melia Carib to take us the the airport. SO BEWARE! Also, don't take any of the DAY trips such as the one they encourage The Catalina Island trip. It's a 12 hour day, you miss an entire day at the beautiful Melia, and the day was terrible...a total waste of $88.00 per person. Again, the Melia was GREAT...stay on the premises, eat, drink, enjoy the incredible beach and turqouise water, ...and you should have a good trip...  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation of my life Starting off with a quick suggestion:DISCARD all bad reviews of this wonderful resort. Just because others had a bad experience doesn't mean the same will happen to you. Now here's an accurate review of this amazing place:A little overview:The resort is HUGE..like a paradise maze. Gorgeous gardens on over 5 million square feet!! Everything in the resort is like in a labyrinth..rooms, restaurants, etc. It is beautiful to walk around in, or if not, there are three mini trains to take you around. You will surely enjoy 12 restaurants, 7 pools, 9 bars, etc.Rooms:The rooms are very nice, with marble floors marble washroom, two phones, umbrella, safe, living room area, bedroom area, ironing board, iron, blowdryer, TV, desk, coffee maker, fridge with drinks, balcony, etc. very clean and the maids do a great job at keeping it that way!Restaurants:The 12 restaurants available offer a mass variation of foods. there is always something good to find. just be careful not to combine too many different types of foods because as I learned it the hard way, you might get sick. The restaurants range from international, to mexican, to japanese, to italian, to seafood, to spanish, to chinese and much more. Enjoy the food!!!Entertainment:There is not a dull moment. Everything is planned out, so your schedule will be full of fun! Make sure to make a stop at the activities center to pick up your copy of their schedule filled with fun things like water aerobics, dance lessons, tennis, golf, football (soccer), games, volleyball, and tons more! There's always something to take part in! The nightly shows were my favourite part of the vacation! They are amazing! The dancers are sooo talented and the interactive shows are extremely amusing to watch or be a part of. Also, before each show, at 9:30 pm make sure to join in on the preshow activities!! After the shows go to live music to do a bit of dancing and then on to the fun pub for some karaoke and more dancing!!!Beach:The beach is the pretties beach I have ever been to (and I've been to many...romania, greece, cuba, etc). it has silky pinkish sand, warm waters, umbrellas at every corner, activities, and is sure to giarantee a relaxing time!!!In conclusion, if you are to go to Punta Cana, or any other location with a Sol Melia hotel, pick it! it is extremely comforting and offers anything you want. you can even rent books for crying out loud.!! Have the time of your life at Melia Caribe Tropical! I sure did!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Melia Melia Caribe has beautiful grounds, our room was right next to the Turey grill and the pool, and our vacation was excellent. Neither me or my wife got sick from the food. We liked the Chinese, Japanese, Italian, and French restaurant. SOme of the food will nto taste what you're used to having back home, but you have to expect that since you are in a different country.As for the staff, they were many who did not speak fluent english, but they knew enough to help you with food selection, or any other problems.We made full use of the water activities, and also went horse riding which was also wonderful. SOmoen also mentioned a full day trip to Catalina Island, which seems to be wonderful.I think everyone's experience in any hotel is different, and of course there are those who are bothered by every little thing.I would go back to Melia.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was very nice My husband and I just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical and quite enjoyed ourselves. We though the resort was beautiful, people were friendly and the place was well maintained and clean. The a la carte restaurants were very nice and the food was quite enjoyable, especially the Japanese. The buffet by the water was nice with a great view, however there definitely were flies. We were in Cuba last year and the flies were certainly worse. I would have preferred a closed in setting so the flies would not get in.Although many people complained of illness while we were there neither of us got sick. We took pepto bismol before we left the room in the morning as a precaution and have done that on every holiday just in case. We thought the beach was beautiful, drinks were plentiful and rooms were nice. We didn't think it was a 5 star hotel, but did enjoy our stay.Although there were things that we would not have eaten due to the temperatures that the food was kept at (cheese in the sun, etc.) there was always something fresh to eat so had no problems finding decent food. The resort is quite large and a little overwhelming initially, but you quickly learn you don't need to know everything about the resort and can on the side tha your staying in as the resort is really like 2 in 1. You must travel with your eyes open and be prepared for less then perfect no matter where you go and that's what we did. We were pleasantly surprised and enjoyed our stay at the Melia Caribe. I don't know if it makes a difference or not but we stayed on the Caribe side.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Stars...NOT Beware of the food! Lack of higiene, improper food handling and food exposed to hot outdoor tempertures in buffets where flies are probably a condiment will get to you. If that doesn't, perhaps the fumes from the transport vehicles and the astonishing amount of second hand smoke (even in the casino) will. Save your money folks, this is not a 5 star resort. Even the bedsheets and pillows are a joke. Did I mention flies and bugs? If you are unable to walk or are planning on taking older family members, reconsider. Walking distances to restaurants are far. There is a pool bar where the smarter tourists just drink their meals. This is situated in the main pool where the kids and teenagers are hanging out. I didn't think this was appropriate. If you still insist on going, beware of unscrupulous travel agents like Mena Travel. Be sure that you are actually in the main hotel and not in the Golf Suites since it is quite a distance away in the middle of nowhere and you will need to take two seperate transports to get to the beach. After 8 hours at the Tiki Hut airport waiting for my delayed flight in what seemed to be 100 degree heat it suddenly hit me. Florida beaches are best.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dance of the Flies This was the vacation to Hell! Needless to say I will advise anyone planning a vacation to this place to look for another Hotel. We did read all the bad reviews and were prepared for diarrheas and such. Just by looking at the flies and more flies, plus all that food sitting in hot and humid surroundings... then we knew we were in for a careful vacation; we tried to stay away from the Buffets, only drank Bottled water and were careful in general and still got violently sick. This happenned to the entire family, and still a week later some of us still have the effects. I believe the Resort Management is aware of this problem but yet don't address it. Improper food handling as well as lack of higiene are the main causes for this on going problem at the Melia Caribe.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daveandheather
<Content>Better to go elsewhere My wife, another couple and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical from July 23rd - 30th and I would definitely recommend choosing another resort in the area. I read the reviews before we selected this resort and I just chalked them up to people who did not travel much through the D.R. or other parts of the Caribbean. I have been to the Dominican Republic numerous times and have traveled extensively through the Caribbean (owned and operated a Travel Agency for over 10 years) and I must admit that this was the worst food that I have ever been subjected to. All 4 of us got sick from the food at least once and one of our group had to go to the doctor because he was so violently ill. We would have traveled off property to eat, but being in such a remote location, the logistics were not in our favor. We tried all the restaurants at the property and they were all equally bad. The service was not the usual friendly Dominican smiles that you grow used to in other resorts in the country. The bars are crowded and it is extremely tough to get a drink. The swim up pool bar was overflowing with children, not that I dislike kids, but a bar is not a place for them plus I got very tired of being splashed with pool water. The disco was more like a teen club and had very little happening. Nightlife was at a minimum except for the casino.On the bright side - the rooms were some of the nicest that I have seen in the Caribbean, the grounds were beautiful and the beach and snorkeling were excellent. We did make the best of a bad time and had a lot of fun despite the setbacks. My suggestion, save the money and go to one of the other resorts in the area because the Melia Caribe Tropical is not all that it is cracked up to be.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Food poisoning This was our second stay at the resort, the previous one three years ago was fine, and we have gone to several other caribbean and worldwide destinations, but now my wife, our two teenage kids and I had severe food poisoning, as half of the people during our stay (Jul 29-Aug 6 2004) that ruined four of our eight day holiday, by the way, we both are doctors.There is no safe water, we never drunk any of it, you get plenty bottled water, but dishes, glasses and cuttlery are washed in it, food gets full of flies on the buffet tables, most soft drinks are machine type, made with filtered untreated water, maybe juices are made that way too.Desserts are well kept on a cold section, but between eating times they are taken out and left in the heat while the container is wiped and washed with water, with flies all over.It is a beautifull resort, friendly room and restaurants staff, nice pools and beach, but the front desk and management is useless, Spanish is our mother language, and we all speak quite reasonable English, but we just seemed not to be able to understand each other when complaining.They are in urgent need of serious sanitation advice, it is no suprise that most of the medications for sale at the resort store are for food poisoning and diarrhea.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really great place--We'd go there again We just returned from a 7 day trip to Melia Caribe Tropical. As a seasoned traveler (I fly more than 75,000 miles/yr), I have stayed in many resorts. This was a fine place. The people were EXTRAORDINARILY nice and helpful. Most spoke English, but if they didn't understand, they would call someone over to be sure that they got it right. We stayed at the Golf Suites--which is separate from the main resort--in a one-bedroom condo. VERY nice to have the extra space and is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. The Golf course (The Cocotal) is well kept, fun, and only mildly challenging. It is really a private club and not inexpensive ($33per person to rent a cart and $45per person to rent clubs). However, rental clubs are in GREAT shape (I played with Lady Cobras) as are the carts. Food in the many individual restaruants is good and even the buffet food is surprisingly very good...fresh and lots of variety. The Japanese restaurant is much sought after for dinner reservations, but HIGHLY overrated. Don't be disappointed if you can't get a reservation there. Day trips from the hotel are convenient to arrange... but there is so much to do at the resort, you may not want to leave. The spa area is small, but good service. The gym equipment is plentiful. If you like scuba/ snorkling, the day trip to Catalina Island is worth it. For a day trip to Santa Domingo we rented a private guide and driver which was less expensive and MUCH more convenient than a group trip. I would NOT recommend driving in the country. The rules of the road are only understood by the natives! What keeps this from a 5-Star rating: the resort is VERY LARGE and must take either a shuttle or train/tram throughout. Waiting times can be up to 30 minutes, so need you to plan ahead--and be patient--to get to places on time. We had no concept that the place would be SO BIG. Also, the way dinner reservations are scheduled are inconvenient and confusing. We never did figure out why reservations were needed in the restaurants. There were always empty tables, but if you didn't have a reservation, they wouldn't let you in. Overall, this was a very good experience and we would DEFINITELY return to this resort if we returned to the Dominican Republic...but there are so many other places to see! (We were able to glimpse other resorts on our day trip excursions....Melia is much nicer than most in the area!)  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>monkeydevil
<Content>Mixed Review My husband, our 18yo daughter, and I spent the week of 7/24-7/31 at this resort and generally had a very good time. The resort is beautiful, the grounds and beach gorgeous, and the main pools spectacular. The staff we encountered tried very hard to be helpful and seemed sincerely to do the best they could. We learned that resort jobs are highly sought after and for every position there are 12 people waiting to fill it so the workers know they have to do a good job or be replaced. We got a kick out of the swim-up bars, were grateful for the beach and pool palapas, and had some very good meals. We were very careful about what we ate and drank but both my husband and daughter became ill. My daughter was terribly sick with vomiting and diarrhea and couldn't drink anything for 24hrs and couldn't eat anything for 2 days. My husband had diarrhea for sev'l days and both of them were fairly subdued and easily tired for the second half of our trip. Luckily, both my husband and I are RNs and I had packed an arsenal of medications for any possible situation so we got through it but it was a bummer. (Those 2 even brushed their teeth using only bottled water unlike me and I never got sick, go figure...) I suspect improper food handling is probably to blame, be especially careful at the buffets where food is left out fot hours and flies can abound. I tried to stick to things that were prepared in front of me like the pasta station.  The dinner reservation system is frustrating and time consuming but we at least got into the highly desirable Japanese restaurant. Overall, more good than bad experience.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon of a lifetime! My husband and I vacationed at the Melia Caribe for our honeymoon back in 2002 and we didn't know this website existed until now, so we just had to comment!This resort is to die for, a little pricey but worth every penny!Our room was amazing, huge, very clean, always fresh flowers and towel designs in our bathroom every day. The grounds are gorgeous! The whole coutryside is... but these grounds are beautiful and clean. Very well taken care of by the local people who treat you like royalty, they are truly amazing people.This resort has the most extensive line of restaurants I have ever seen, we ran out of days to go to them all. So if you are a picky eater, this is for you you have so much to choose from and it was all amazing.I have read some reviews about bugs....I have been to this country so many times and I haven't seen any! Just beautiful scenery! Maybe the odd fly!We visit yearly now, not always the same resort but we truly love this country for its great local hospitality and their great weather and beaches.You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Food Poisoning Epidemic - as confirmed by other reviews My wife, myself and our 8 month baby recently stayed at this resort in the last week of July, and something doesn't seem quite right here. We are veterans of the Carribean, and never have gotten violently ill before during our travels, but I must say it became obvious to me that there was some kind of food poisoning going on here. My wife and I both were vomitting and had exceesive diahrrea (at different times in the week), she had severe cramps and was put on IV it got so bad. Our baby was also sick w/ vomit/diahrrea, although he ate his own food (prepared by us w/ resort bottled water) - our doctor at home suspects that once we got sick, he somehow got it from us. We were all sick, 2 other couples from our corner villa were sick, another Toronto family we met were severely ill, a couple from NY we met were sick, another couple on honeymoon from Tennessee were ill, the local clinic was full of people with same problem, and same w/ several other people we met on the beach and in the restuarants (who we spoke with when we saw them w/ pepto or talking about it). One lady from NJ said she was there with a group of 30, and around 20 of them were sick, same issue of nasua, vommitting, diahrrea. We even witnessed a 10 year old south american guest being steadied by his father in the bushes as he puked his guts out. All we could do was shake our heads, it just confirmed what was going on - too many flies on the food, dairy served at room temperature, buffet food sitting for hours, and likely repurposed for next day etc.. Bad practices really, and probably the source of our problems.I raised my concern with the on-site doctor who was quite helpful with us individually, but he really didn't seem to be overly eager to review it with the resort manager. When we complained to our on-site travel rep the afternoon before we were to leave, she respectfully called the resort manager to report our experience (along with our testimony from all the others we'd spoken with). We soon after discovered our villa room phones were no longer working. I suspect our phone was disconnected from the telecom switch, since we only had one last night, and I suppose the mgr didn't want us talking to anyone else about this. We are not the types to complain incessantly about vacations (as some do), but we were all sick as dogs on this trip. This resort is actaully very nice (albeit too big in our opinion), and the service was generally good, and the staff generally quite friendly. But the management is not prepared to deal with what obviously is a food management issue. Read some of the other reviews from the last several weeks and you'll see I'm not the only one raising this issue. Our family doctor says there is no question we got food poisoning.Its not worth the risk on your vacation, choose another resort, or better yet, choose another island destination with higher standards for their resorts. One week after this trip, I'm still battling diahrrea as I write this from my Toronto office.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wouldn't recommend it. I agree with the 鈥淲anted: refund鈥?writer. Getting a reservation at one of the ala carte restaurants was next to impossible. I started calling at 8:00 a.m. which is the suggested time to call and couldn鈥檛 get through for a good 陆 hour. When I did get through I was told most of the restaurants were booked already. I argued with the women that I was on vacation and didn鈥檛 want to beg to get a dinner reservation. She suggested the buffets that were awful. I arrived on Saturday, by Monday I started feeling ill. I developed a fever that lasted till Tuesday night accompanied by diarrhea that I鈥檓 still recovering from a week and 陆 later. There were many sick people other then me there. I felt especially bad for the children. In order to go to dinner you had to walk 20 minutes to a half hour in the humidity and heat. There is a tram you can take but you have to wait just as long as it takes to walk and only if you鈥檙e lucky there was a seat available. Make sure you bring comfortable shoes. Forget heels! There were little tiny black bugs crawling around the bathroom, desk, coffee table, anywhere that was a flat surface I noticed these thing, which lead me to believe they were in my bed when I slept. It made for a very restless sleep. Babysitting your towel at the pool or beach every day wasn鈥檛 fun either. If someone walked off with your towel the hotel would charge you for it. If you like to be pampered forget about it. No room service, no coffee for the coffee pot provided, you had to get your own cups and milk at the bar and bring it back to your room. No bar on the beach either. You had to leave the beach to get a drink of water. The up side was the grounds, beach and pool were absolutely beautiful. I wish I felt well enough to enjoy it. I truly wouldn鈥檛 recommend this place. Like the 鈥渨anted refund鈥?writer said 鈥淎ll that glitters isn鈥檛 always gold鈥?  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not a place we would go back to I am part of a great group of guys who enjoy a golf package once a year. We stayed at a resort in punta plata 5 years ago and it was fabulous so we decided this year to try this resort and we were very disapointed. The golf was brutal as nine of 27 holes were closed and we played the the back 18. We expected ocean holes and got in country golf. Brutally hot and holes that would break any amature golfer,, long long holes driver, wood, iron, pitch and putt. The complex is putting up houses all around the course so we had construction going on all the time so instead of pieceful golf we had a building boom. Enough said about golf except 33 dollars us per person for a cart was rediculous.The only thing I will say is that the grounds of the complex are spectaclar after that it is all down hill.The rooms are just okay, and we actually had no trouble with anything in the rooms except the telephone. Do not touch it except to make reservations for meals. I tried to call home reversing the charges and was told my home number does not exsists They found it when I used my Visa card. you get about 7 minuets of phone time then you are cut off. The bill for 7 min. 79.00 us. We checked in and it went quite well except when we got to our room it was occupied by someone else Three hours later we finally got settled in. The a la cart restauants were sub standard and a 2 hour wait in one was deplorable Expect to tip at the end of the meal and be generous because I at no time found the people who served us lacking, They were all fun and very polite. We had good results at the chinese and ma mason the rest forget about it. Make friends fast with the lady on the phone when you make reservations she was a real sweet heart and really helped me out. I was booking for 14. I ended up having to book for 7 and 7 but that part worked out. They initiated a new rule when we were there a booking charge of 5 dollars per person for parties over 10. We all got a taste of the dreaded disease and several of the guys were very sick and they were never the same after that pale and very very quiet. After supper there was really nothing to do except the cassino and that was not enjoyable it is fast play and keep your eyes on your cards as they will take you if your not looking. The only good thing was the cassino is the only place except your room that is air condititioned other wise you are constantly perspiring big time It was brutally hot 24 hours a day. The on site venders are great hustlers and the old adage of start bargining at half price is old school. Start at about a quarter of the price and do not move off that price. They have it down to a science and that was one place I got taken. My great deal turned in to a terrible deal when one of the guys payed 75% less for what I thought was a negotiated bargining triumph. Live and learn . The shows stunk and the so called bars were just as bad. The beach and pool were great except the pool bars were not enjoyable. Seems all the ugly big mouth people hang out at the pool bars. The topless part was a disapointment as they were few and far between and 90% of them should of kept their tops on. I expected spanish charm and a great vacation, I got fabulous fellowship from the guys when they were not devastating sick and a resort that as I Like to put it, they tolerated us for a week until the next batch of lambs arrived to be fleaced. There was allot of other disapointments but they are numerous and I think I am just giving the basics of what we experianced. This resort is just to big and accomodates to many guests to make it a worthwhile vacation destination. Would I go back to this resort not in a million years, would I go back to the one in punta plata definitely. I think in closing its the old adage some places bend over for the guests and some places the guests bend over for the resort.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Found!!! My husband and 2 kids traveled to the Dominican Republic on 7/10/2004 for a weeklong vacation to stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical. I have to admit, after reading all of the reviews, I was apprehensive. For weeks before our departure, I not only stressed myself out, but all of my co-workers (who didn't even go) were just as stressed!Our start was not the greatest! My daughter woke up with a stomach ache; we had a 2 hour delay at the airport; and had missing golf clubs(airline mistake)! Still...I was determined to have a good time!When we arrived at the Melia Caribe Tropical, we were STUNNED! What a BEAUTIFUL resort! As soon as we arrived, we were all given a tropical drink in champagne glasses (the kids LOVED that!)!The room was nice. Though not as big as we thought it would be, it was very clean and comfortable. All of the staff we encountered was VERY nice. Everyone was friendly and courtous. The wait staff served different restaurants, so we saw many of the same ones each day. They were always so friendly and always remembered us from restaurant to restaurant. We don't get that too often at home! The food was good. Not your 4 or 5 star quality, but better than expected. We didn't try too hard to get into the a la carte restaurants. With younger kids, the variety of the buffets was a better fit for us. Our favorite for lunch buffet was the La Gondola!Our Apple Vacation representative, Juan Barsi was very helpful! All of the excursions we took were very fun!The grounds were absolutely BREATHTAKING! Both of the kids loved the lush palm trees, flowers, flamingos, turtles...etc The swings in the Tropical lobby was MY personal favorite!We did not see any bugs in our room at all. Many of the reviews I read before our trip complained about all of the bugs! Not so! Do they spray the grounds? We did see flies at some of the restaurants (desserts), but because most of the restaurants were open air, we didn't expect anything less.We LOVED ALL OF IT! The only complaint my husband and I had was...why didn't we plan a 2 week vacation?! We're brushing up on our Spanish and we are planning to go back next year!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Place to relax, you want to party? go to La Romana not Bavaro Beach Where can I start? Punta Cana was a great place for my girlfriend and I to relax. We didn't want to party it up and just needed a place to get away from the rigors of Corporate NYC for the best bang for the buck. And, boy, did we find it in Melia Caribe Tropical.1) Airport: The airport is beautiful, gives you that island feel. It's basically constructed to have that hut style to it. It gets a little warm inside especially when alot of people are around. Customs is quick to go through, just make sure you pay $10 at a desk located before the Customs guys. This is your departure tax, funny how they make you pay it once you arrive. And they call it a Visa, even though you don't need a Visa you need to pay this to get through their Customs/INS. My girlfriend and I carried on (we only stayed for 5 nights 6 days) - so we were through the luggage area moi rapido. The taxis and shuttle buses are next, this is where we had to get a taxi since we didn't go through a travel agent and got a free shuttle bus voucher, etc.So we ended up paying $22-$25 for the taxi ride. I think it was a blessing in disguise as we beat out the rest of the Pietro Tours and Apple Vacationers to the Hotel and got there at 2:45 for a 3pm check in time. We got our room in a few minutes as opposed to the bus load of people coming after us. Only thing is you have to make sure you tell the service person that you didn't have a travel agent, I think they are so used to dealing with travel agents and they expect to see vouchers, etc. Anyways, we told them we were solo and it stumped the girl, but they were able to find the reservations fairly quickly. Plus, they had complementary non-liquor cocktail drinks while you wait a bit - to welcome their guests.2) Hotel/Room (service/staff): Pretty much, 99% of the staff we ran into were doing the best they can to take care of our needs. We don't speak fluid spanish - just a little and we definetly were able to speak with almost everyone. They were friendly and tried to get service to you as best they know how to. Remember to be a little patient, they do have a slower pace than city life. The cleaning lady was amazing, she cleaned up after us and did a fabulous job. I mean, she left little flowers on the bed and in the bathroom. Plus, we are not the messiest couple, but when you are away and having fun on vacation, you have the tendency to be lax with cleanliness - at least that's how we were. She cleaned our tub which was almost always covered with a layer of sand we brought back from the beach, she swept our floors clean - folded our clothes on our bed that we left on the floor and gave us fresh sheets everyday. Of course, we helped by leaving her a $2 tip everyday and a friendly note (we took an advice from previous reviewers) and it did wonders for us.Nothing was stolen from our room, and we had an ipod, digital camera, cell phones, watches, etc. Of course we don't go around flaunting it and we used common sense too when we left it in our rooms, we definetly used the safe ($2 a day). It seems like they may have upgraded the safe from a previous one which was also in the closet. Anyways, this kept things safe when you key in your own code that you set and can only be opened by your own room key.3)Food: This was a major concern, as we both love to eat and I am the one that ussually gets picky. However, I think overrall they did an okay job with the food and service. Reservations are exactly how everybody puts it, it can get a little frustrating trying to make reservations - as they have to be 12-24 hours in advance. We ate at the French, Steak House and International House for dinners. We couldn't get reservations for the Seafood and Japanese Restaurants, even though when we did pass by it, it seemed as though they were not really that full either. You definetly won't go hungry in this resort as they have many options, most especially at the Al La Carte/Buffet restaurants. The steaks were better at these places than the steak house, which was the only place from the ones we went to that were really slow in service and not great as far as food. The ambience was nice, but I think the service and food lacked because we had to compete with the other half of the steak house which was full with a Wedding Party. Sure looked like they had a great time and everyone was having alot of fun.4) Landscape/Pool/Beach: was beautiful and by 4:30pm the watersports center is closed, so you got to schedule your events with that in mind. We went off in a catamaran for about an hour and a half, did dual and solo kayaks and went off to sea, reserved for snorkelling but missed our resrvations, but we heard it was an awesome time from other couples. Landscape is huge and you do have a little train (3 in fact- yellow,green and blue)that you can ride to the beach and back if you get a room like us, which was pretty close to the lobby area. We were in the Caribe hotel, which was really nice but I heard not much different from the TropicaL HOTEL which was next door. The yellow brick/stucco road can get slippery when it rains or gets wet, but they have signs everywhere telling you that in English  Spanish. It's not that bad.Towels have to be back by 6pm so they can wash them and hand them out the next day. Remember to check your envelope when they give you your room key - and check for the beach towel cards. They give that to you from the lobby and you pick up the towels by the pool bar.5)Medical Center: was great I got sunburned badly. I used SPF 30 sun block, but I didn't reapply after jumping in the sea. And boy, that beach is really salty - not that I was meaning to have a taste, but it happens. And anyway, I went to the medical center the next day and received a shot in the butt to take care of itching, burning and possible sun poisoning - it worked about a half hour to an hour later. I was RED like a lobster. The doctor and nurse spoke good english and hooked me up with topical cortisone as well - which helped relieve the pain a bit. None of it was charged to my bill. 6) Entertainment and Fun: The pool bar staff was awesome, good drinks for the most part - all free! and the atmosphere was more lively here than by the beach. The beach does die down after 6pm and it makes it soo nice and peaceful to hang out and relax in front of the water with your loved one/s.There is a Casino, but not really a place you can go all out and win thousands of dollars, but nice enough for 1 night or so, unless you are a gambling junky :) hehe. The live shows were okay and for the most part pretty entertaining. Not broadway but fun and sometimes funny. Disco, not really existent, except the closest thing is in the Tropical Main lobby, they have a sports bar and disco floor which was in better shape than the Caribe Sports club which is shared by the Casino.The Tropical lobby also had live band shows, which had great Latin music. Overall, a place to chill, unwind and relax, not to party it up.From what I heard, the place to party it up is La Romana Beach which is in the southern part of the island and a few minutes away from Santa Domingo. Punta Cana is around the Bavaro Beach area, which is more resort oriented for family and couples primarily.There were lots of activites: ATV excursions, horsebackriding excursions, parasailing, motorboat excursions, a PADI certified scuba diving center, snorkelling, beach volleyball, salsa/merengue/boccia classes, fitness classes, ctamarans, surf board with the sails (forgot what they were called), kayaks, paddleboats, etc.We tried alot of the stuff and the Horseback riding, we got for about $35-$37 per person, that was awesome! we took great pics horseback riding on a secluded beach north of our location with good size waves. We saw the ATVs there too, but didn't get to try that... The waters by the resort were very calm - so kayaking and paddleboating was a lot of fun, including the catamaran.Overrall, a place that I would recommend to all of my friends and family. Remember you are in a third world country and don't really see it unless you are out of the resort, but those people don't make too much money a month as it is and they do work long hours 10-12 a day. Be nice and they will be nice...it's the golden rule Do onto others as you would like them do onto you. And you'll open yourself up to the Carribean lifestyle.quick story: My girlfriend and I were generous enough to tip $1-$2 here and there and it goes a long way. We were stopping by the beach grill to eat a burger and get some beer, there were 2 other families that sat ahead of us, but the guy remembered us from the day before and was on us like hand and foot, he took our order then took the other peoples order, and then gave us our food 5 mnutes later plus we have 3 rounds of drinks... the other table didn't even get their food yet, and the other table were just getting theirs when we finished. Talking about quick and great service...I don't know maybe it was because we were nice, friendly and always smiling + plus we tipped. I don't know. But they were all cool people working hard and I appreciated their efforts.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>specialj04
<Content>melia caribe tropical is truly beautiful......... The Melia Caribe Tropical is truly beautiful. The grounds look like a natural paradise from the moment you enter the gates, this place is totally landscaped and it makes all the difference. The pools and beach are equally as nice. Drinks are plentiful and availabe. Bartenders and barmaids were attentive, polite, humorous and willing to please. The food here, well to me it was not the greatest. Average on it's best day. The barbecue at lunch is a lifesaver. The meats are really good from the grill. Their a la carte dinner system is a mess, but their waiters and waitresses make up for it with their kindness and positive attitudes. We were in room 2824 jr. garden suite, this was a 3 star room, the bed was o.k., but the other furniture was an embarassment it was totally and completely worn out. The furnished balcony was nice. The bathrooms are nice. Little annoying ants in and near the sink. I don't know what kind of ants they are but they are much smaller than the ants we have here in the states. Like moving dust or something. To get rid of them keep your air-conditioner on 15c or lower. They can't take the cold. Did the Santo Domingo trip with Elvis R. from Apple Vacations that was great. Listen, don't let people scare you away from the tours it was the best part of the trip. The tour guides will look out for you and you look out for yourself by keeping with the crowd, not wandering off and listening to the advice of the people there to guide you. Do bargain with them especially on the streets. I got the best bargains in Santo Domingo. Also the best meal I had in D.R. was on this tour it included lunch in the price. Melia Caribe Tropical is a paradise right here on earth, a few furniture upgrades and a down home touch to the cooking, because the food there isn't bad it's just missing something. I forgot to mention that I did not get sick not at all. That was my first concern after booking the vacation and I almost forgot all about it. Drink only the bottled or filtered water in the restaurants. They took the water situation very seriously at the Melia........so enjoy the staff here is truly the best. They make everyone feel welcome, comfortable and relaxed.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Punta Cana: Sol Melia Caribe Tropical Resort I'm writing this review having read hundreds myself before attending I found it very viable. All the reviews I read are correct - the good and the bad. The good: The property is very nice...very large..we didn't even see it all and we were there for 8 days. (can get feeling of being too big as taking (and waiting) for the train can get old). Beyond the property being nice, the only other positive point I can make is that FOR THE PRICE that we paid, it was a pricer/performer vacation...where else can you go and pay approx $130. US per person for an partial oceanview deluxe room with all meals and drinks included for the day (and golf except the cart fee/day)...so, given that we were trying to accomplish all this at this excellent price point, we got all that we asked for. We travelled with a 3 Mo old infant (our first trip out of the country with a newborn) and it was ideal to have our eating accomodations all on property to not have to take the baby off the resort. For evening there was enough entertainment for being new parents to amuse us..Husband hit the casino and I'd catch the show at 10PM nightly and then retreat to the Lobby Bar and have a refreshment and read a book. The pool during the day was my only stop and it was clean and expansive. I had no issues with getting drinks at the swim up bar (but I wasn't sitting there all day getting drunk either)...Now - the negative - and believe me there are ALOT. To the point, that even though all the above mentioned is duly noted, I would not recommend the Domincan Republic or this resort to anyone else nor would I return. The bottom line is, there is enough places in this beautiful world to go, even in the Carribbean Islands where you can achieve everything that the DR/Sol Melia has to offer having to deal with the negatives that Dr and Sol Melia has to offer. 1) the country is very poor, island isn't overly appealing and there's really nothing beautiful or exciting to see off property. 2) You have to watch everything you eat - VERY VERY carefully and it get's old fast..almost defeats the purpose of having an all inclusive package b/c I defintely found myself limiting my food choices to a major extent (I'm breastfeeding and so I was on the far extreme of being careful with what I ate). Furthermore, if traveling with children that eat - this is an absolute no. There is just too many risks in the food. We engaged with a large party (100 people) attending, and literally 50% had stomach upsets of varying degrees (the extreme being necessity to go on antibotics when they got home b/c of an intestinal parasite) and one person being put on IVs at the resort from complete dehydration from diaharrea. For an all inclusive I found myself eating chicken, steak and frenchfries every day for lunch and nothing else..I didn't dare drink coffee, eat pasta or rice (b/c of use of water to prepare). As a result, my husband nor I got stomach sick which I'm thankful for, however I came home with the most digusting thing. I contracted Ringworm from dirty bed sheets (For certain - as it's on my side rib cage where I was breastfeeding my child the ONE time that I got in the bed and lifted my shirt). I've never experienced such a thing traveling before and now my child is at risk as it's apparently highly contagious so I'm watching every inch of her body as the gestation period is 7-14 days. For this reason alone, I'd never suggest going somewhere where you have 50% likelihood of contracting something. Furthermore, the service at the property, was a 1 rating. It literally SUCKED. I cannot even say it was the language barrier, they simply lacked management training on how to handle customer situations, to communicate effectively and respond timely. During an 8 day stay our TV broke, Telephone didn't work, bed sunk in the middle b/c of TV repair person moving the bed, the deadbolt on our hotel door never worked, a simple thing like getting a timely newspaper delivered daily was impossible (which made MAS membership of no value). The cleaning service was nothign more than making yoru bed (with ringwormed sheets) and changing towels...sand brought in from the beach remained with us for a week. Even ck in - they didn't take our credit cards for incidentials so after getting to our room we couldn't use the safe without going back to the frontdesk and given the property is so vast, this is no easy task. My husband finally went straight to the top mgmt and I will say that at the mgmt level, they get it. They did overextend themselves and try to make things better (by having a dedicated wait staff to serve us dinner in a special dining area our last night there) and it was the best meal I ate the entire week cooked personally by the Chef for us. It was very nice, but as I told the mgmt - all you had to do was come fix the simple things and be responsive. We left the property with our bed still broken, lock not working and received 1 of 8 newspapers. The property was a 4 rating to me, (the rooms were just okay to me, the property grounds were great), but service is defintetly a 1. If anyone is traveling with a newborn, I'd be more than glad to talk to you via email seperately re: helpful newborn hints for traveling. Clearly, bring your stroller, formula in case your ill, your own bottled water and some sort of sun creen protection for your stroller or whatever you intend to have your baby in by the pool and in travels. The weather was fantastic while we were there, and bugs were very limited but a bug net is a smart travel includer as well..Oh, also - everyone - don't bother bringing any high heels, dinners are business casual attire and the walks are all on a cobble stone road - and quite lengthy, birng rubber soled shoes only.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wanted: R E F U N D !!!! CONs: We had to beg for food because it was impossible to make dinner reservations, take long painful hikes to/from our room to the main resort area - ladies please leave your high HEELS  disco PUMPS at HOME; if we were lucky enough we were able to catch the resort choo-chooooo train...go figure; sleep with foreign insects, battle Travlers D, starve  die of thirst on the beach, hunt for towels, speak sign language, swat FLIES, turn down marriage proposals, and lastly pray for the trip to end!PROs: beautiful grounds, lots of bottled water from ????? - ha!LESSON: All that glitters isn't always gold  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service, spectacular grounds and ok food... Service: I stayed at the Melia Caribe for one week (July 17-24); my experience was relatively good at this resort. As far as service I give it an A+++, the people are soooo nice鈥es, you might find your occasional slacker but oh well it happens! I advice to tip (although is not required) my family and I became friends with many people during our stay; including Gabriel and David (both work at the Turey Grill) excellent waiters and very nice guys. Food: There is an immense variety of food so if you can鈥檛 find something you like then you should鈥檝e gone to a more expensive hotel. Do not expect high class food; do expect delicious fruits, fresh juices, large variety of salads and tasty meats. Unfortunately I鈥檇 say the food is OK, no more no less; it is definitely not great but is not terrible either. Room: We did get our room after 3:00pm, that鈥檚 something you must deal with. I went with few members of my family so we occupied 3 rooms and no one complained about ants, lack of cleanliness or anything like that鈥?br/> Important 鈥?do not leave your towel unattended at the beach, mine was stolen. The people who do this are the tourists; the locals are not allowed to even walk by the beach so is definitely not them. If you loose your towel you will have to pay $15 at Check Out! The show at night is very nice, the dancers are very talented and you can see that they work hard to perfection the show!!! There is a live band at the Tropical Lobby every night, is very fun to go because you can interact with other visitors and also once the dancers finish the show they head to the Lobby and they dance with the guests, and ohhh man, those Dominicans can dance!!!I did get sick after I came back from D.R, I don鈥檛 think it was the water, I associate it with something I ate. My aunt, my friend and my uncle also got sick; but don鈥檛 be afraid鈥ou鈥檒l have some diarrhea for couple of days - Pepto Bismol is your solution The hotel is beautiful, the grounds are spectacular and the beach is perfect!!!I guess I won鈥檛 say more鈥e nice to the people and you鈥檇 get a nice smile back...  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CarribeanJunkie
<Content>I would not return again After having two delayed flights, we (my husband and three daughters plus a friend) arrived at the chaotic Punta Cana Airport. It cost us $10.00 per person for the Immigration Cards and when we went through, the woman gave our birth certificates to the woman in front of us. Luckily, she did come back with them.About an hour later, we arrived at the Melia Tropical and were so relieved because the place was beautiful. We had no problem checking in and once we arrived at our rooms, we were very satisfied. The place is absolutely huge but our room was in a great location right near the beach and the pool and also a great place to eat lunch and breakfast. The beds were comfy and we had no problems.The food was good, it is a little different but, we weren't in the US anymore. We ate at different places each night. We arrived in Punta Cana on Sat., July 10th and on Wed. night I ate salmon in the seafood restaurant. That night, I became violently ill. Throwing up, diarrhea, and pain as bad as pain from a kidney stone (I would know). My husband called the medical facility and the nurse did not understand English. This was at 4 in the morning. By 8:00a.m., the dr. came and then the nurse, and I was hooked up with an IV until midnight Thursday. My husband wrote down everything they gave me and basically, used sign language to communicate. By Friday, I was able to go to the medical facility but was not feeling much better. The dr. wanted to give me another IV which I agreed to until I saw the nurse clean the exam table with a soiled towel.In the end, we were charged $600.00 and by Saturday, I was only well enough to travel. Sunday, July 25th, I went to the emergency room here in PA.We e-mailed the resort but the refused to pay any of the medical bill or compensate us for the all-inclusive package for Thursday or Friday, since we obviously did not eat on those days. The doctor said there was nothing wrong with me and the resort said that I must have a delicate stomach.My husband and I have travelled to Mexico, Bermuda, Aruba, Jamaica and now here and this is the only place I have ever gotten sick.Our vacation, for the first four days, was wonderful and, I understand that these things may happen but I just feel that the resort should have at least picked up the medical bill since it was their food that I got sick on. When I went to the emergency room here in the states, they did tell me it was food poisoning. I am finally beginning to feel myself after a week and a half. I would not go back to Punta Cana or anyplace, for that matter, where there was a language barrier or I hear that people get sick on food.I would definitely think twice before heading here for my next vacation.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Considering a honeymoon here? The Pros and the Cons My new husband and I took our honeymoon here at the end of June 04'. Here's the best way to sum up if you should take this trip or not. I think you have to decide what's most important to you and decide based on that...Here's the pros and cons and you can decide if it's the right place for you!PROS- the beach is absolutly the most beautiful we've ever seen. You will love lying here all day! ; The hotel grounds are stunning. The lobby is beautiful and a great place to hang out. ; The hotel staff is GREAT and SO FRIENDLY. I can't say enough about how happy and helpful the staff is- it will benefit you greatly to learn a few basic spanish words/phrases before you go though! ; The rooms are beautiful and kept very clean. I'm shocked to read other negative reviews on this topic...Our room was kept impecable every day and supplied with fresh flowers daily. THe rooms were just great! We didn't have any problems checking in, having the necessities, etc. THE CONS- The food, but remember you are traveling to a third world country with very different ways of preparing food. Don't expect what you are used to here in the states...it's just very different, not terrible, just not wonderful! ; THAT'S THE ONLY CON. So basically, if wonderful cuisine is the most important aspect to you of a great trip, then don't choose here, but if you are looking for a beautiful, accomodating place to enjoy a vacation and a great culture, then definitely book here and don't look elsewhere! And don't forget to learn some Spanish!One more very important tip! If you want to avoid paying money immediatly after you hop off your plane, go ahead and get your free visa BEFORE you leave the states! Otherwise, expect to pay $10 per person as you get off your plane at the dominican airport to get into the country.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't believe the negative reviews When I read the negative reviews, I could not believe these people stayed in the same place I did. We came back on July 24. This resort is not perfect....but what is and I would go back tomorrow if I could. On Saturday when we checked in, we were the only people in line at 3:00 (which is check in time). Our rooms were not ready so we ate lunch at Gondola and then checked into our rooms. For check out, again no one was in line (at noon) and we were done in less than five minutes. There were three couples travelling and we had only minor problems with our rooms such as one room was mising an iron and the hotel provided one after they were called. We all agreed though that the resort needs to remodel the bathrooms, especially the showers. We had a waterfall from our light fixture in the shower when someone upstairs took a shower. One thing that would be very helpful that the resort could provide is umbrellas in the rooms. Since it seemed to rain whenever we had reservations for dinner, we either left our rooms early or late to miss the rain. One complaint that I believe is valid is the reservations for the ala carte restaurants. We had a very hard time getting a reservation and even if we called first thing the morning before we wanted to go to dinner, 9:30 seemed to be the only time still available. When we were in the various restaurants, there was quite a few empty tables. The reservations system needs reviewing. The buffets were fine with me...especially breakfast. That being said, everything else was wonderful. The resort staff could not have been nicer or more accommodating even though we are not anywhere near fluent in Spanish. They always helped. Just remember, relax..this is a vacation.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DON'T EVEN BOTHER If you don't mind the ants in your bathroom, the beds with no bedspreads, no alarm clock in your room, toilets that don't flush or the fact that you can't get a reservation at the restaurant of your choice, then this is the hotel for you!! Although I too read the reviews, I booked here for a week vacation with my family; I thought maybe these people are exaggerating. NO!THEY'RE NOT! Yes, the grounds are beautiful! The pools were great. The beach was gorgeous. The lobby is breathtaking. The service stinks! It took 3 hours to check in. The hotel is grossly understaffed! The room wasn't made until 5 pm some days. The waiters ran around like chickens without heads. There were 2 bartenders at the pool bar. The food--please don't let me get started!!!!!! I wasn't expecting world class cuisine, but really. My husband, father-in-law and my kids are still dealing with diarrhea! The dinner reservation system is ridiculous. The only restaurants worth eating in are always full. The buffets were better than the a la carte restaurants we ate in: Mexican, Italian, steakhouse. Even the drinks at the bar were lousy. Either there was no liquor or the bartenders poured it all on the top. There are definitely better resorts--look into another!!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutely beautifull grounds and beaches My boyfriend and i went to melia last year in june and we loved it. i have read many mixed reviews and cant really figure out why some would choose to actually write and complain about small things. just sit, relax, enjoy the weather, enjoy the lovely and very well maintained grounds with the islands beautifull beaches.Grounds: the place itself was very lush and tropical, lots of breath taking sceneries. There was a short line at the reception area but not a big deal, the resort itself is pritty large so i wouldnt reccomend you take your luggage with, instead you can have the bellmen take it to your room as we did, and had no problem with any missing stuff or anything. Our room was very clean and was a decent accomodating size. Never had a problem with wake up calls or the maids. Please remmember to tip, because they do work very hard for very little money. although i think the service with the maid was always the same weather we tipped or not. our bed was always made and our mess picked up. Towels replaced and clean. Bathroom was all marble and very clean as well. We always liked to walk back to our room and enjoy the views at night instead of taking the train. In the daytime you can also see peacocks and flamingos next to the cazebo. Very spectacularFood: The food was decent, our favorite was the italian and the french, we also heard the japanese was good, but you have to make reservations and they were usually booked by the time we called so we missed it. I did get a little sick, thankgod i had taken peptobismal which is not a bad idea for anyone planning to take trips to any 3rd world country. Do not drink tap water because it is not the best, ask for bottled instead. We went to the mexican also which was okay, but very filling. You defenitely will not go hungry and you should be able to find something of your likeing. We had no problems with mosquitos or bugs neither.Tours: We took an excursion which i forgot the name of (sorry) it had the avts and it took us through the country side, we saw how some of the less fortunate people lived and we also went to a secluded beach which was extraordinary, i cant say enough about this beach, its crystal clear skyblue waters and white sand was amazing, ive seen nothing like that beach. We also did parasailing, and snorkling which were fun as well. i hear the 8 hour tour to santo doming is fun also, and you get to see what the dominican country is really about.For anyone planning on going to melia, i would definetly reccomend it if your looking to relax, and enjoy yourself and the beautifull grounds. not much of a night life, theres a small casino but i dont reccomend you loose all your money and get carried away. Good luck, and secrets of excellence is also spectacular, so ive heard. Well probably go there next, just for variety.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>please dont listen to the bad reviews we went for 2 weeks from 30 june 04 till 14 july, and this was our first visit to the carribean.we were very weary having read several negative reviews, but having seen it for ourselves cannot understand what theyre on about.the place is immaculate and so well kept, the staff are superb anb always smiling ( ask for ramon in the italian he is a star ! and tell him i told you that)the whole appearance is stunning.the italian is the best restaurant and i can reccomend the beef,make sure to reserve tables for thew a la carte restaurants as some of the buffet food will upset your tummy ( try to avoid food that has been there a while) also take some immodium just incase.please dont be put off, the place really is paridise just be smart with what you eat, take my advice book and eat ala carte!the weather is hot and dry so use a high factor sunblock, and go on the beach as the sea breeze is nice.a few last things we did i can reccomend are parasailing, the shows at night(fab), and watching the sun set.hope you all enjoy it as much as we did.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Wedding Location - So so food - Nice people This place is truly paradise, visually. The grounds are impecable, the beach is breath taking, the pools are gorgeous and everyone is very nice! My husband and I had our dream wedding under the beautiful gazebo. If was fabulous!!! Fifty of our closest friends and family shared the week with us but almost half of us got VERY SICK with stomach problems. Overall the food ranged from average to below average which is too bad for such a beautiful resort. If you're looking for good food, this ain't the place. If you're looking for good entertainment, this ain't the place. But if you're looking to have a fabulous fairy tale wedding, this is definitely the place - just bring your own food and limit your stay!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst vacation ever!!!!! All of the horror stories people wrote about this resort I too experienced. I visited the Dominican Republic last year, stayed at another resort, paid half the money and had triple the enjoyment. There is no security on this resort, so you are completely at the mercy of the hotel staff. Someone in my party had her purse stolen from her beach chair. When we went to report the incident to the front desk, they pretended to have no knowledge of the missing purse. We asked for a report to be filed to make an insurance claim and the hotel staff refused. In fact, they implied that we were filing a false report. They also alleged the police do not come on their property. After making a lot of noise, the purse magically showed up. The next catastrophe was when I was injured on one of the tours that the hotel representative insisted we book with him. Not only did the tour guides refuse to get me immediate medical attention when my hand was crushed between 2 ATVs, but when I finally arrived back to the hotel, no one would file a report or get me to a hospital. They alleged that the hospital located on their property was not affiliated with the hotel. I had to wait an extra day in severe pain to get back to New York for medical attention. Another issue is that the hotel alleged reservations could be made for the better restaurants on the resort by calling 24hours in advance. The number they tell you to call was always busy. Therefore, we were subjected to the buffet style dining for the 5 days we were there. Unfortunately for us, we were sick for 6 days after the trip. The buffet food was not good, which left us hungry most of the time at this all inclusive resort. To make matters worst, there were flies all over the food in the buffet restaurants. There are ants all over the walls in the rooms and in the bed. There is no night life on this resort or daytime activities. There is nothing to do but hang out by the pool. I traveled with 3 other single women and we were all in bed by 9pm each night. Beware of this resort!!!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort in every way! We had a lovely 6 days at this beautiful resort. It was a small family reunion and we all enjoyed the surroundings, beach and pool!The food was fine. No one goes hungry. The folks who work the resort are friendly and eager to please. We also found the security excellent when we could not find our missing teen aged daughter one evening. Bravo to their concern! Thank YOU Melia Caribe for a fun vacation.Don't forget your camera!!! PS. There is a security box in each room for valubles!!! use it!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax and enjoy to a slower Caribbean beat...... We had an awesome time at this resort! We were a party of 9 (3 teenagers included). Half of us did a whole lot of sailing, kayaking, snorkeling, parasailing and the others did nothing but sun themselves on the gorgeous beach and unbelievable pool surroundings. One could be happy doing nothing or doing alot. The non-motorized activities were all included in the cost of your stay and the boating activities were a very reasonable fee, esp., the parasail experience.Let's be honest about the food. You do have to watch what you eat, especially since the food is sitting in the warm, open-air restaurants, but you can eat safely and well. Have the chefs cook up an omelette or waffle fresh for you in the morning. The fresh juices are tasty and you have quite a selection to choose from. The lunch at the Turrey Grill on the beach was my favorite part of the day. At about one o'clock a chef stands over a huge paella pan and cooks the delicious paella. (It is worth a photograph!) The grilled chicken and pork were another favorite among our group. Enjoy the El Presidente beer of the island or a fresh blended rum pina colada. Bottled water is everywhere.....don't take a chance on the tap water! We discovered an osmosis filter on the ice machines so the ice is safe here.Our room was well-maintained and very clean! We were pleased to see the fresh flowers around the sink when we returned to our room each day! We knew some conversational Spanish and left short notes to our chambermaid when we were in need of anything......she took care of us! The staff is friendly and even more-so when you attempt to speak some Spanish. The Dominican people are beautiful inside and out! I am glad that my teenage children had an opportunity to see some of this country and experience some of the differences. Go visit the Melia Caribe Tropical.....go with an open heart and be prepared to relax to a much slower Caribbean beat! You will be glad you did!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't bring anything valuable Beautiful hotel and grounds, huge, bring your walking shoes.Some restraunts were ok, some were not.Our biggest problems were that things got missing from our rooms.An engagment ring had been taken, some perfume and even some clothing. We were not happy. And the hotel did nothing to find it. Said we couln't prove we had the ring with us. etc., Will we go back, No.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Melia! My boyfriend and I spent a fabulous week at the Melia Caribe Tropical in June. I must say that we both came back with some truly wonderful memories and enjoyed a marvelous experience. Everything from the pool, the rooms, the beach, the service, etc... was top notch. We have no complaints whatsover. The staff really goes out of their way to accomodate your needs day or night. The grounds are gorgeous and immaculate, the pool is huge and the swim-up bar is awesome! Yes, you do have to make reservations a day in advance for some of the restaurants, but that wasn't a problem either. My boyfriend would just go to the Caribe lobby after breakfast, and make the reservations in person. We were able to book reservations at the Mexican, French and Italian. I must say they were all quite delicious, and the desserts were yummy too! If you prefer not to make reservations, you can always eat at one of the many other restaurants that don't require it. There was always food available somewhere on the resort, no matter what time of day it was. One last note, the staff at the hotel work very hard, and get paid very little....a tip here and there goes a long way for them. We always tipped well at every meal, and left the maid $2/day. We not only tipped because their pay is minimal, but because the service definitely lived up to our expectations and more. Enjoy the Melia! I know we'll definitely be going back.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hola Coca Cola! Had a blast! We're still talking about the trip and we've been back for a while now. The melia carib was fantastic. The staff was extremly friendly, always smiling, and polite. The rooms are beautiful and spacious, the view from your balcony no matter where you are in the resort is breathtaking, every where you walk looks like a picture of paradise ......palm trees everywhere! Have your camera with you at all times. The food was good, i found the spanish buffet to be the tastiest, chris thought the french restaurant was the best, specifically the escargo .im not gonna lie althought the food was good, i did miss the food back home. The beach was incredible, we laid out on the beach every day and we were in the ocean all day long, it was hard to get out, i felt like i was in a warm bath, it was so beautiful and relaxing. The place is huge, you can walk to the restaurants which will take a good 15 min or hop on the train for a nice ride. We didnt do much of any activity, no water sports or tours. We just wanted to relax. The swim up bars are great, the pool is enormous and beauiful, we loved it. We loved every min of this vacation and would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Holiday Ever!!!!!!!! We have just returned from our annual holiday, this was the worst holiday I have ever been on. This is not a five star hotel and would strongly recommend that if you want to go to the Dominican choose another resort. When we arrived at the hotel they had no record of us booking and after showing them our confirmation and booking details they gave us a key to our room. We were booked into the Tropical however, got a room at the Caribe side of the resort. The room was alot smaller than I expected and came with complementary spiders and flying ants who had us for breakfast,lunch and dinner. We could not sit outside as we were looking onto a building site which also acted as a morning alarm clock. Food was very very poor and both myself and my partner were in bed for 4 days with sickness and diaorreah and could not leave the apartment. We have been home afew days now and are still both really ill and will be seeking compensation for this holiday that we saved hard for, only to be disappointed. I could go on and on about the slow service, the diluted wine, the re-heated food, the lack of toilets, the waiting staff  bar staff who could not be bothered to serve us unless you tipped them beforehand. Breakfast was dinners re-heated food even the cakes, coffee was hard to get in the morning and sometimes we never got a cup. Getting a dinner booking was hard enough and they would tell us they were full but when we were in a restauraunt they were never full and this really annoyed me as on a few occassions they told us we could not get a table and we had to go to the buffet restauraunt which was damn awful!!!! Wine was served in a small sherry style glass, 3 sips and it was done. Entertainment was a joke and I have seen better school plays. The pool, beach and grounds of the hotel were absolutley stunning and I could not fault the way it looked. Pitty the inside was not as good!!!! Stay Clear from this hotel!!!!!!! I wouldn't give it 3 stars!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place, okay food - Wonderful Atmosphere! My boyfriend (now fiance)  I went to the Melia Caribe to celebrate my birthday. I may be a bit biased about the place because we got engaged there, but I absolutely loved it! We couldn't check in until 3 - which wasn't a problem because they gave us a hospitality suite to change in  then we spent the rest of the time basking in the sun at the pool. We had so much fun at the pool bar that we didn't end up checking into our room until after 6. We heard some horror stories about the rooms so we immediately checked everything to make sure it worked, it was clean etc. - to our delight the room was perfect  included a fully stocked fridge with champagne. We had a room facing the ocean.The food: we made reservations via phone when we got up for the next evening. We went to the French, Japanese  Seafood - all of which were relatively good. I guess I should tell you that I'm from NYC so Im a bit biased to my hometown restuarants. If you're looking for gormet meals - Melia is not for you. We found the lunch buffets the best, because the variety was there  you were bound to get some descent food. You have to remember people are traveling from all over so they try to accomadate all cultures  nationalities.We thought the service was wonderful. We did tip, but not always. The good thing about it was that no one had their hand out - we didn't feel pressure to leave anything. We stayed at the beach (which was great) all day because it was cooler  then went to the poolbar @ 5 each night for a little happy hour before going to dinner.One tip I will definately give is to bring a lot of singles  small bills. You cannot get change there  a $1 can go a long way, not to mention it helps with bargaining. Another tip: be weary of purchasing cigars from the little shops outside the resort - most will try to tell you they are cubans when in fact they are imitations.There is a language barrier - obviously - but that was expected. We found that most workers will try to undersand what you are saying  if they can't they will get someone else to help you. We were in a different country to expect them to know your language fluently is absolutely ridiculous - they do their best to try to understand you  if you show a little patience  kindness they are completely willing to help you.If I found anyone rude - it wasn;t the workers but more likely the tourist. Though we met some great people, we also ran into the people that couldn't find a good thing in anything. Be rational  remember that you're not in your country so cultures are different  you will be fine.Another tip: Do NOT drink the water!! Though we did not get sick there we did at home. Pay the extra $2 a day for the safe - its worth it  though we didn't hear of any incidents at our hotel we heard horror stories about others. So your better off safe then sorry.The spa was actually really nice and relatively inexpensive - depending on your treatment. They run a daily special so you can check it when you first get there  make an appointment accordingly. All in all, we loved the place it was beautiful, clean, the food was okay  the people were wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous getaway My boyfriend and I just returned june 30th after a week at Melia. We had a wonderful vacation from start to finish everything was great. After reading all the reviews i was a little scared of what i was getting into, but it could not have been more perfect the resort is absolutley gorgeous the people are so friendly even though no english we still shared some good laughs. And i thought the food was very tasty, different from the U.S but really good(specially their bacon in the morning it was really addicting). So if you are planning a trip here dont let the negative reviews get u down because i truly had a tropical romantic getaway and couldnt of asked for more i would go back in a heartbeat just enjoy yourself  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five days of agony The absolute worst vacation ever!! I strongly recommend if you are an American stay far aware from this place. I travelled to the Melia Caribe Tropical from 6/24 to 6/28 five of the worst days of my life. We arrived and attempted to check in, but there was no budging on the 3:00 check in. We got to our room, which was requested non smoking only to open the door and smelled nothing but stale nasty old smoke. After 2 hours of arguing the staff finally moved us to a new room, which when we opened the balcony curtains and saw the new villa being built, our alarm clock each morning was hammering of nails and sawing of wood, nice huh? I could go on forever, but do not have the energy to relive this adventure again. I will also mention if you book dinners make sure the air conditioning was working, the Japanese and Chinese restaraunts were both very hot and made it impossible to enjoy the meal. Also make sure your plumbing is working when you get to the room, our's did not work the entire time there, not very pleasant, and look out for the ants they were on the floor and in the bed.Lastly if you are looking for an adult vacation steer clear as there were many children who were not very well behaved or supervised.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Falls Short Of Paradise The resort itself was Beautiful. The grounds are very well maintained and groomed. The pool area was very nice and the beach was spectacular!The reason that I would rate the resort as only OK was the service, or the LACK of! The service was extremely slow. It took 1.5 hours to get some of our meals after we ordered our food. We are very laid back on vacation, but the service at this resort pushes your buttons. You pay alot of money to come here and expect better service than what you get. The language barrier is a problem also. We have been to many different resorts, and this was by far the worst at having people understand you. We had a problem with getting towels, shampoo, etc... I would definitely visit the area again, but would look for a different resort to stay at next time.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Experience that Was Not Worth the Suffering My boyfriend and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort in February 2003. It was a very nice vacation (clean place, nice staff) until the very last day. I ended up being severely ill and I thought maybe it was just food poisioning. One week after returning home, I was still very ill and went to the Emergency Room where I was found to have a parasite (Tapeworm). I had to be seen by an Infectious Diseases Specialist and a Gastrointestinologist. They felt it was from ingesting food that was contaminated by fecal matter that carried the parasite. It is now a year and a half later and I have irreversible damage from the parisite which causes frequent issues with my gastrointestinal system. All for one week at the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort. If you do choose to go to this resort, I strongly urge you to seek a Hepatitis A shot, and medication to be treated with should you be there and become ill.Good Luck.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation! We spent a week at the Melia and had a fabulous time. We wouldn't rate the hotel a five star but it's close. The landscape is incredible and most of the staff was terrific. There were some great bartenders who we tipped regularly as well as waiters. The pool bartenders were not very friendly but can you blame them when there are tons of people ordering drink orders at them all day long. We made sure to tip early in the week(even though alot of people we spoke to told us it's included and you shouldn't have to) They were very appreciative and made us aware of that. We made sure to go back each time when we found good bartenders or waiters. Just be careful of what you eat at the buffets. We learned to go early for lunch and breakfast (if we got up in time) b/c that's when the food is the freshest and easier on the belly. My husband was sick for a day and half b/c of something. You just have to be careful! You can tell when something been out too long! Bring your own pepto, tums, sunscreen. It's very expensive! Buy gifts on the outside. Take an excursion. They usually stop at an outside market and you can buy things dirt cheap. We bought 2 bottles of rum and 2 bottles of vanilla for 8 bucks. The markets at resorts wanted 5-6 bucks for each bottle. We went on the excursion to Sonoma Island. Awesome! It's an all day thing 7am-7pm but it's well worth it. We had a great time. There is a language barrier but be friendly and the staff will help you out and teach you a thing or two. My biggest thing was the room . Little ants came out only at night around the bathroom ..i thought it was the flowers but I think it was just the humidity. What are you gonna do? We really enjoyed ourselves...we would go back a second time...now that we know our way around..it's really confusing at first ...takes a few days to figure things out! Enjoy!!!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great, peacful time at the Melia - would definitely recommend!! Like so many others, my boyfriend  I spent a lot of time reading the reviews for the Melia wherever we could find them (online, tour books, tripadvisor.com, etc). Most recollections we read were very good but the bad ones definitely made me nervous. My personal suggestion - ignore them. If you're a relatively laid back sun-loving person who just wants to get away for some sun, relaxation, good food, and doesn't need to be overly powdered  pampered, then this is the place for you. Like everyone says, the gardens are beautiful. Of course I have no comparison to any of the other resorts in Punta Cana since this was my virgin trip there, but the landscaping is vast and immense and beautiful to me. It's well cultivated  perfectly manicured so you don't feel as if you're in the midst of a jungle or in a french courtyard but somewhere in between. We stayed at the Caribe side, and the lobby was my favorite part. It was open-aired with meandering hallways, pools, fountains, and a french-carribean jungle-exotic atmosphere. There were marble floors everywhere with wicker furniture, hanging chandeliers, animal life, art motifs  sculptures scattered around. Utterly comfortable - if you don't mind the heat in your living room. Once you are dropped off at the lobby, the concierge will explain the arrangements of your stay and offer you a tropical beverage. Leave your luggage - they will transport it to your room for you so you can explore the resort on your own before you settle down. There's an adorable train that drives along the main path of the resort to drop you off at various grass-roofed stations near your bungalow. The train runs every 15 minutes or so and can be packed around dinner-time, but the walk between the lobby area  the beach is really only 5-10 minutes (I'm a pretty slow walker too), so it's really nothing to worry about if you decide to skip the ride and just take a peaceful stroll through the gardens back to your room. I actually even preferred to walk unless I was exhausted from the meals and/or bars. The bungalows were california style and comfortable. We stayed in a jr suite which consisted of a four-post king size bed, a pull-out couch  marble coffee table, dark-wooded furniture, tv, alarm clock, phone,  patio w/ chairs  table. The bathroom was also all-marble with a shower  bidet. 6 of our 7-day stay there, the maid left a beautiful arrangement of flowers for us in the bathrooms. The neighbors were quiet and considerate for the most part, which is good because the walls are thin enough to hear certain noises. The majority of suites are garden-view so don't feel bad if you don't have an ocean-view room....if you're like us you'll end up spending most of your days gazing out into the ocean on the beach anyways, and the garden is nice enough to look at. The food was good, but not fabulous. Definitely nothing to complain about unless you're a profoundly picky eater. The quantity and variety make up for some of the lack of quality. Don't expect the international cuisines to be genuine, but everything is yummy nonetheless. Everyone says that Japanese is the best, but I preferred French. The a la carte restaurants (many of which require 24 hr reservations) are nothing to boast about over the buffets, so don't feel obligated...they're probably all from the same kitchens anyway. Dressing up for dinners (the a la carte restaurants had a dress code) was a pain in the heat, but what the hey. The best part of the environment was the service. Almost everybody was amazingly enthusiastic, friendly, and helpful. Be nice  generous, and they will return the appreciation ten-fold. We left tips at most of the bars and restaurants but I've had friends who've left nothing at all and done just fine. It's really a matter of personal preference. We have heard that the workers make very little money which I don't know about for sure, but they are really so nice to you that you just want to give something back. Again, that just might be me. The drinks of all sorts are unlimited and for those who like mixed drinks: they are not cheap with the alcohol so be prepared!! Unless you specifically ask they will probably give you local liquors and it's enough to get you tanked real fast. If you're a beer drinker, El Presidente is the only man up for the drink (it's actually a pretty good beer....and my safest bet). House wines ( sake if you're at the japanese restaurant) are also on the house and actually all pretty good. Every a la carte restaurant also features a wine list for relatively moderate prices (i.e. Cristal for $300/bottle). Overall we had a wonderful time! The place is beautiful enough that you will enjoy yourself just getting lost on the grounds. It's a relatively quiet place for families  couples, definitely not for the urban party-lover. The beach is not as clean as I've seen in Hawaii but gorgeous white sands nonetheless. The water is warm and inviting and blue as can be. My best days were spent under a palm-covered umbrellas sun bathing  people-watching. Breakfast buffets overlooked the beach  water, and nothing is nicer than sipping coffee over that view  a nice tropical breeze (minus the never-ending merengue music). Those who have left bad reviews for this resort I personally feel are sticklers who wouldn't be happier anywhere. And if you are unhappy here, then I doubt you would be happier unless you splurged more for a fancy vacation. This one was worth the affordable price. Expect peace  personal fun, but not a palace....it's just not what the Melia was meant to be.   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>True Paradis I travel frequently for work and pleasure, and this was by far one of, if not the best resort I have ever been to. The resort it self is a masterpiece. The flowers, plants, exotic animals...you really feel as if you are in a movie. The food is outstanding. I laugh at the reveiws of uncultured individuals who scoff at the idea of no one speaking english..not being able to eat a good meal (ie. Hamburgers and Chicken Fingers)...the resort being to big...GO HOME. Youz should have went to the Jersey Shore and ate your greasy SawMill Pizza while guzzling Budweiser and listening Bon Jovi. This is a foreign country where english IS NOT the spoken language, and spicey and exquisite food is the taste of the majority. Beach is beautiful, pool is magnificent, and the staff looks to be having fun at all times. Brush up on some conversation Spanish, and yes your service will be a tad better, quicker, and friendlier. Why? Because you are showing them respect by trying to communicate with them, with their own language, in their own country..not the other way around. They will undoubtedly return that respect by treating you like a King or Queen.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic International Ambience We spent our Honeymoon at the Melia Caribe May 23-30. Our plane landed during a torrential downpour and we were soaked to the skin two steps out of the plane! But then it never rained again for 7 days, just hot and gorgeous. We truly loved the resort, the food, the people. The management was very helpful whenever we needed anything, always courteous and friendly. The nightly shows were such fun, as was the casino. The pools are incredible, the beach so beautiful. Just a short stroll from the resort and you could swim on deserted stretches of beach if you wanted. Took the Outback Tour, a must-do for tourists. You get to see how the islanders live, visit the mountains, go to Macou Beach, enjoy lunch and a siesta in hammocks! Buy your souviniers on the tour, rum is only $2/bottle and jewelry $5-10. If you shop on the beach, bargain big time. Don't pay more than 1/3 asking price. Phone from your room for dinner reservations, only needed at three places. Avg. salary for hotel workers is $150.00 per month, 12-14 hrs./day, 25 days work then 5 days off. Keep in mind when you tip (not required) the wait staff and maids. They are very appreciative. The occasional topless ladies will be seen at the beach. It was cool observing the French, Spanish and German people. Kyaking, sailing and paddle boats are free. All in all, the best vacation deal I've experienced, just awesome! Email with any ???.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Melia Caribe Tropical is a beautiful carribean paradise... I spent a great deal of time reading reviews before traveling to Punta Cana. They were extremely helpful but I had some concerns after reading some of them...they were unnecessary. The Melia Caribe Tropical is beautiful, everything I could have wanted. I just wondered around the beautiful landscaped grounds, the lobby areas, restaurants, bars, everything beautiful. I was always discovering a beautiful scene possibly a peacock opening their feathers or a flamingo strolling by. It rained a few times, NO Problem ...it was warm tropical rain mostly at nite while we slept. Yes, there were some issues, primarily the food and transportation. They could use an additional train to reduce the wait time to get to the lobby during the evening dinner hours but for some the walk was a good thing. I've traveled extensively and stayed at All-Inclusives before and considered their food some of the best. There was a large variety and I always had something I enjoyed at every meal. Unfortunately they tend to overcook the seafood but so what, don't eat it, there are other choices. The Japanese restaurant was great, even the buffet offered variety including roasted turkey and grilled pork chops. Breakfast was always great with lot's of options incuding made to order omlettes, freshly made waffles and an extensive variety of juices...banana, watermelon, papaya, etc. Their coffee and ice cream are truly spectacular! I will return as will the 20 people who traveled with me. This is a resort to do nothing or a lot but there isn't really anything much to do off property. I wasn't willing to take the 3.5 hour day trip to Samto Domingo to stay for 3 hours and then spend 4 hours returning. the 5 that went seemded less that pleased at the road time. One couple played golf almost daily. Others preferred smiming and water sports. there was horseback riding, tennis, danicing and gambling. I'm a pool and book person so I thrived in this environment. GO and have a great vacation....  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Helena015
<Content>stayed for 3 weeks and got married in melia caribe! my husband and i live in ireland and travelled to the melia caribe on may 6th and stayed for 3 weeks we also got married there. we had an amazing time everything was 100% perfect. all the staff were friendly and helpful, the food was great especially the japanese and chineese. we never had a problem getting reservations and never got bored with the food. everything from the pool to the nightly entertainment was brillant. our wedding was also brillant and javier the wedding co-ordinator was always nice and helpful and looked after us wonderfully. if any body does decide to go on the safari tour please be aware that they will bring you through 3 villages in the sugar cane fields. these villages are extremly poor so if you can, bring food for the children and make sure to keep some for the third village!! try not to bring candy as these kids get so much of it from tourists but have no toothbrushes or toothpaste and cant afford to see the dentist! food clothes books or pens are ideal. we met lots of lovely americans and canadians while there although some of the americans were very loud around the pool and in the bars! being from ireland and working in the toursit industry here i am very used to meeting americans and never knew they could act like this!! they are always well behanved in ireland!! i really cant understand why they leave such terrible reviews. after reading their reviews i was quiet nervous about going but in all fairness couldnt fault the place one bit! as with ALL holiday destinations toiletries do cost more than they would at home so be prepared! to all those who will be travelling to the melia caribe soon you will have a wonderful time! feel free to email me any questions about the resort or the wedding ceremony. hkiely24@hotmail.com  
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you like to get robbed,this is the place With in the first 5 mins of being at the hotel, it was broken into and the safe was stolen. Thank god I did not put anything in it. The nerve of this place, the security manager then tried toblame it on me!! He said this never happened and actually tried to arrest me! His name is poncheco or something, what an idiot. This ruined the whole vacation. He actually thought I traveled all the way there with my girlfriend to try and scam them. I will never set foot on that island again, bunch of rude, stealing people. Please be careful if you go, they look for people with jewerly and nice watches, which we both have! This place should somehow fall off the island and sink!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrible vacation This was by far the worst vacation experience of my lifetime. If you are not european or dont speak spanish stay away from this place. Americans are treated very bad at this resort. The staff makes sure to take care of everyone who isnt american first. the food is almost unedible. I had food poisoning for most of the trip. Almost everyone else i talked to had been sick as well.Our 7 year old daughter got seperated from us and after i called security they only told me to go to my room. My wife and mother in law walked the property screaming her namefor over an hour and crying and nobody seemed to care. They never tried to help find her. This property is huge. Luckily we found her in the main pool. I called security back to let them know we had located her and they didnt seem to care. the swim up pool bar closed one day because raw sewage backed up into the pool. The last day of our stay there was human feces floating in the pool. There were alot of ants in the room and sometimes lizzards and frogs. They have one train that transports you around the property and it wasnt very reliable. You shouldnt have to walk a mile to get to the restaraunts or the beaches. Many of the guest allowed their children to swim naked in the pools. these kids were anywhere form 2-6 years old. The european women would be in thongs and topless even in the baby pools. You also have to pay $2.00 a day extra if you want to have a safe in your room. The gift shop was outrageous. they charged $25-$45 dollars for a small bottle of sunscreen and $25.00 for immodium. We could never get our mini bar restocked. I will never go back to this country even if i were paid.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The perfect wedding setting I returned on the 21st of May 2004 from a two week stay at the Melia Caribe, where I also got married. The whole hotel and grounds are beautiful. On the wedding day I arrived in a stunning horse and carriage and the gazebo was made up with lovely flowers with flamingo's in the water in the background. The trio band was excellent and they even played the wedding march. We had a great meal in the capri restaurant which we followed with some karoake in the fun bar and finished the night in the casino! The pictures took by the photographer there were perfect. The only thing I could fault was the wedding co-ordinator he really didn't seem that keen to help that much and then was off sick for the rehearsal and the wedding day itself so someone else had to step in, which actually turned out to be a blessing as she was much more helpful.I found the food at the Melia to be of a pretty good standard especially for the amount of people they have to cater for, the japanese was definitely worth visiting. I can't understand where the bad comments came from in some of the reviews I read, it's never going to be the same food you get at home when you are in another country, we had 23 people in our group some of which are quite fussy and not one of them had a complaint about the food. The bar staff were mostly friendly but it did help if they were given a tip now and again. The place was huge but I never found it took that long to walk from one place to another and the grounds are so nice that I found it a pleasure to walk I also needed to burn off a few calories from all the food and drink anyway.The beach was lovely, it always had a nice breeze. There was a small bit of seaweed but they did try to clean it away everyday. The pool was great, really big with a nice swim up bar.Overall we had a really lovely time and I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First and last visit If you love to walk a lot in your vacations or wait 15 minutes for a train in order to go to the beach, restaurants, bars and go to sleep earlier then this place is for you. Otherwise go to Bavaro Palace were you have everything at walking distance, great Disco, lot of beach activities, great restaurants and bars.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved our Vacation We traveled from the week of May 22nd through May 29th. We met friends from Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, Upstate New York and had a wondeful time. We all agreed this was one of the best vacations we took. There were 21 of us and we had no problem making reservations at any of the restaurants. Beach and water was beautiful and the pools were huge and we had so much fun at the pool bar. Staff couldn't have been nicer and the grounds are magnificent. Reading some negative reviews we were a little worried, however after staying there we agreed that we would go back in a heartbeat. Everyone had a great time!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! I went to Punta Cana on my honeymoon. I thought it was beautiful and would tell anyone to go there and stay at this hotel. Our room was big and very nice, we had a junior suite. The grounds were beautiful and well kept everyday. The people were super nice and would do anything you ask to their power. Yes bring small bills to tip, they love American money. We went to Saona Beach for a day trip which was great! We also got massages that was so relaxing. The pool was hugh and I only went to the beach once besides the day trip we took. The food was just ok a little getting used to. I like the Japanesse restaurant the best. But that would be the only thing that was just ok, the food. But it is beautiful there and I'm glad I went even with the bad reviews I read. So go and enjoy every minute of it.   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Teriffic Vaction I was very leary after reading all the reviews. We came back on May 29th after a week. We were a group of 21 and had a terrific time. We had no problem making reservations at the restaurants. In fact they even made special accomidations for the japanese that we all could be in the same room. The grounds are beautiful. The staff is extremely friendly and wanting to help. I am a very picky eater, and yes the food is not like in the US, but there is a tremendous assortment and something for everyone. I would recomend this resort highly. The golf course is also beautiful.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation We had a wonderful time at the Melia Caribe. the food was good, the ala carte restaurants are a must for dinner. our room was beautiful we had an ocean veiw. The workers were nice especially if you left a tip. the women seem very unhappy. especially in the casino. the enternainment was nice as well. The pools where gigantic. also the spa and the massage that i got were great. No complaints from me. It was a very special trip we were with our best friends who got engaged the first night on vacation there. I am definetly going to reccomend this resort to other people. It is good for both group vacations, weddings and romantic getaways.   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ambiance We went to the Melia Caribe Tropical in 2001. The trip spoiled me to all other all inclusive trips. We have been to Cancun and Jamaica but I still long to go back to the Melia. It was absoluteley incredible. The grounds were immaculate and I loved all of the beautiful color of the flowers and the pink flamingos were beautiful. We stayed for a week and we liked it so much we took fourteen rolls of film. WOW was what I thought of the Melia. I am hoping to go back there to get married. If you do not want to do a lot of walking pay atention to the introduction which will show you the route of the tram. We walked most of the time because the grounds were so colorful and beautiful. The arcitecture of the large columns and the fountains added to the ambiance. The Melia had everything I wanted in a vacation, beauty, serinity, and a place to really relax.   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taxpertsny
<Content>Beautiful Grounds, Decent Food - Solid 4 Stars not 5 Beautiful Grounds, Decent Food.Very charming grounds. The entire resort is one beautiful garden. The hotel spent tremendous amount of money landscaping and are still spending a tremendous amounts to keep up the grounds. The hotel has a huge staff.The Beach was ok. We have traveled significantly. The beach was just ok. No snorkeling off the beach. I missed that... No Reefs. If you wanted, need to take a tour.Breakfast and lunch were buffets. No one ever left hungry. Dinner the hotel offered several restaurants to choose from. (Japanese Hibachi, Seafood with wonderful loberster(Capri), French, Chinese, Mexican and two buffets. Dinner was excellent.They had shows but started at 10pm. A little late for our taste. The Casino was just ok. Lost every time we went in. Tables started at $5.00.The restaurants, reservations were required for Dinner. That was a small problem. Reservations had to be made, the day of or the day prior. If you didn't call 9.00 am, the best restaurants could have been booked. I could see during Holiday breaks that this system would be a problem.Bring lots of small money. Everyone and every place was looking for tips. We ran out of singles, and couldn't get change.We took the jeep Safari and 2 hr horse back riding. The Jeep Safari was worth the money (84.00 per person). On the safari, bring food to give to the local kids. They come running up to your jeep and ask in spanish for food. Bring muffins, and small food from the buffet. You'll be happy that you did!!! I love horse back riding. I went on the 2 hr beach ride, $50.00. Perfect.PROBLEM, extremely large grounds. Trolly came every 15 minutes, but who wanted to wait. End result was a lot of walking. Not for kids or seniors.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Wedding I really enjoyed my stay at the Melia Caribe i went with my partner and some friends there was 11 of us in total. Our friends got married in that gorgeous Gazebo and I must say they do pull out all the stops for a wedding it was absolutely amazing, I would definately recommend anyone to get married there. The only downfall I found was there just wasn't much to do on a night time apart from eat! and me being a party girl I was a bit disappointed but I still managed a few nights on the good old Presidente lager. I would definately recommend anyone who just a relaxing holiday to stay there.   
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Melia A group of 8 of us visted the Melia Caribe for the first time. We had a ball. The grounds are immaculate. The rooms are beautiful. A must do is the Speed Boat snorkeling tour. It was also great. We bought the souvenir bottle of rum. The wait staff was courteous and pleasant. The spa was average. The golf course was fantastic. We were able to get early tee times everyday that we were there. Also make your dinner reservations early...the first day you get there.Overall, we had a great time. This is a very relaxing vacation. Plan to take your time and relax. You're on vacation  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Decisions...Just Beach or Pool? My friend and I had never been to an all-inclusive and had no idea what to expect! (He had never been to an island, either!) I have to say that we had the most memorable vacation imaginable! It was so relaxing, probably because we decided to just go with the flow. We didn't bother booking reservations at the restaurants that required them and were very, very happy eating when we damn well pleased at the buffets. The food was great and I can say that even though he is basically a meat and potatoes kind of guy and I love trying new foods (I got to try goat meat, banana juice and other native dishes!) The resort is immaculate, our studio room was spacious and comfortable, the grounds were breathtaking, and the only problem was learning our way around. They could use more and better signage on the paths. The other minor complaint for us beer drinkers is that the only beer available is El Presidente. There is no other choice of beers and you can't get your refrigerator stocked with it because they only have it on tap. Besides these inconveniences, the resort was awesome! I have never had such a relaxing vacation and all we had to decide each day when we woke up was...beach or pool?!  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful We went in Oct.2003, We were on our honeymoon,beautiful weather,nice location, clear blue water. The resort was big. We got lost a few times.   
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great vacation My husband  I had a wonderful vacation at the Melia Caribe Tropical during the week of Apr. 9-16. This was our first all-inclusive resort and we had a wonderful time !! I had been quite worried over knowing almost no Spanish, but did not find this to be a problem. Most staff members spoke passable English and all menus and signs are printed in 4 languages: Spanish, English, German and French. We found no need to convert any money into Dominican pesos. Just bring a supply of $1 bills for tips, etc. The resort is very large and it is easy to see who is there for their first day鈥e all clutch our little maps and look bewidered. But that soon passes and you get to enjoy the great beach, reception areas and wide array of restaurants. The week we were there, reservations were required for 4 of the restaurants. However, you could book reservations for several days ahead and we only missed out on the Italian because we procrastinated too long. Many of the restauarants are great: we especially enjoyed the Japanese, French, Gourmet, and Chinese (reservations were not needed for the latter two). We found the Steakhouse to be a little disorganized and did not visit the Mexican/ Spanish restaurants. About the only 鈥減roblem鈥?we noticed is that the wait-staff help each other and occasionally a drink order is forgotten. A pleasant reminder always produced the beverage and an apology. My husband, a golfer, found the course to be quite nice and had no problems making tee times or getting the shuttle to the course. I enjoyed water aerobics and dance lessons on the beach. While the entertainers were not the most talented group of dancers I have seen, they were energetic and fun to watch; the number of routines they performed each night and the costume changes are amazing. Very much a family resort, people do need to realize that there is a certain amount of topless sunbathing at the beaches. We had a great time on a Bavaro Runners excursion. Our guide, Miguel was terrific !! Beware鈥e found out too late that the decals on the T-shirts that we bought on the beach are just slightly off-center.We found everything to be in good repair and our junior suite was roomy and immaculate. I look forward tomaking a return visit !!  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It had the most beautiful grounds but it needs major work I went to Punta Cana at the end of March/beginning of April. Let me warn first time visitors. One, there is absolutely nothing in the airport. No bar and a joke of a duty free. Its is a giant Palmed hut. Two, negotiate the price of the cab before you get in. I did and it worked out great. I went to Melia on a RCI exchange. Unless you feel like being tortured or are interested in buying a time share, do not be talked into going to the Melia vacation club presentation. Checking was smooth although there was a man in the lobby yelling about his luggage being stolen. They offered to bring our suitcase to the room without us but after seeing the man with the stolen luggage, my husband and I escorted the suitcases to our room. Our room when we checked in was dirty. I grabbed the maid who was right out side slipped her a $5 and she re-cleaned the room to my satisfaction except for the wet bar. The sink leaked and left rust in the bowl. No big deal. I didn't come to cook. The shower leaked and had to be turned on very gently or you got a nasty surprise. The fridge doesn't get cold. the mini bar only provides soda and water. Don't drink the water, don't use it to brush. My husband and I spent a great deal of time in the bathroom even though we didn't drink the water our use it to brush. Went through a box of immodium. (Bring a well stocked first aid kit). The maid was good. I have no complaints with that. I thought about asking for a different room, but this room was close to the beach and I heard another guest talking about how hard it was get her room changed even though the roof was leaking.The resort is huge. Its is two resorts Tropical and Caribe linked by 3 trams. It took 3 days to figure out the lay out of the resort, with a map. If you see a path in the grass cut through otherwise you will spend twice as much time on the paved paths. The resort is beautiful. They went for a natural feel. There are flamingos, peacocks and cranes in the lobby and grounds. It rained a lot and was cloudy. Can't blame the resort for the weather but I can blame the resort for the slippery paved paths, the bad lighting and the giant puddles. One night after a particularly nasty monsoon. They wouldn't let us in a restaurant because of the dress code. I guess you are suppose to hydroplane through the puddles in your dress clothes. PS: The trams leak. Three, Make you reservations for the al cart restaurants as soon as you check in. Be prompt (I came late one evening for the sea food restaurant, because I didn't know there was a time change) and they wouldn't let us in. After that I had to wait 5 days to make another one. The wait staff was ignore you. You walking they would look at you and keep talking. Then they would look at their watch and check the time and then seat you. They frequently started packing up the food, particularly at breakfast, a half hour before it closed. For every one good waiter, there was 3 others that were down right rude.The pool was beautiful if they would let you relax. Staff came up to you every 5 minutes trying to sign you up for excursions. I mean I was asked at least 10 different times every day. The beach is full of seaweed.The Good: The bar was awesome. The bar tender had refills waiting before you finished. The were very attentive. The had good varieties of local and imported liquor and were not stingy with the booze. There were activities for rainy days. My maid Marcia was great. One of the nightly shows were really good.The Bad: The wait staff was down right rude. Here I'm tipping and they still were ignoring me. Maybe it was a racist thing鈥揑'm a black American. There was three robberies while I was there (I'm a New Yorker I didn't leave anything un attended). It rained and rained. The paths were slippery and dimly lit. The place was so big that all the evening events occur on the other end in Tropical. The room was leaky.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation we ever had Spent a week at this fabulous resort(4/18/04-4/25/04) and we had the best vacation ever.Had never been to the D.R.before so we were a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews.WE cannot wait to return.The property is GORGEOUS, perfectly manicured flowers,trees and grass everywhere.The two biggest swimming pools we have ever seen and they are NOT CROWDED.The beaches are absolutely beautiful, clean and safe to walk. The rooms are all junior deluxe suites,very clean and adequately stocked with botted water and soft drinks. ALL the workers at the resort are friendly,helpful and well trained.The restaurants are FABULOUS!!!!The food at the ala carte restaurants was top shelf..tasty,well presented by well trained personnel.Four of the ala carte restaurants require reservations which you must make the day before. The resort is HUGE and there are trams or trains(people mover systems) to get you around the grounds if you do not care to walk. Check in and checkout was not a problem.This is in my opinion a true 5 star property.We cannot wait till we are able to return.By the way..the Punta Cana airport is brand new and the customs experience was very very smooth.Management at this resort should be complimented on the job they do.Met a Manager on duty Santos Pichardo and he could not have been any more helpful,courteous and professional. Thanks to all at the property for making our stay a truly enjoyable,relaxing and fun filled one. Try it ...you will fall in love with it!!!   
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Trip was O.K. and We will not be returning This was our second visit and thing have changed and not for the better. I will agree the grounds and beach are beautiful, but food was awful and the pool and beach were crowded.We had to get up early in order to reserve a spot under the umbrellas everyday , if you wait until after 8am you will SIZZLING in the sun. There is no bar or bathroom near the beach and the pool bar is crowed so be ready to wait for your drinks. The breakfast was very strange they served things you would have for dinner at breakfast, or maybe it was lastnights dinner ? Things such as stuffed pepper , pork chops ,beef meat (what ever that was) , the fruit was good but not covered so the flies came to breakfast too.Lunch was also not very good,last time we went they had a bbq going with hotdogs hamburger and fries , this time they were already made and not very tasty.Dinner were good if you were able to make reservations at the a la carte restaurants. We stayed eight days and were only able to get 3 nights with reservations. I did find away around that, I was told to go early around 6-6:15 and try and get in which I did and it worked . It is not a guarantee but worth a try. Men don't forget to wear long pants. We were unable to get a reso for the japanese restaurant , they only had two seatings at 8 and 10pm maybe if they added another seating things would be better. There is a new restaurant , Dominican that was not on the info we rec'd , this was a al carte and no reso's yet, I heard it was good, so give it a whirl. It is located by the Ma Maison and Capri . The room we got had many little ants in the bed so we were moved after I insisted, we were moved to a room by the pool , but we were three people and only one bed and a pull out couch with broken springs, we roughed anyway. Due to the location of the room we had lots of traffic going by and a train stop in front of our terrace. Every 20 minutes DINGDING... the train arrived . Please be aware of the slippery paths( yellow brick road) . I fell on the first day and nearly hurt myself. I did met a man who twisted his ankle and a women who's mom fell and broke her leg and ended up in the hospital. I will not be returning to this resort and hope they read the review and improve , with a little help this could be a great place to visit. If you have any questions please e-mail me.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just wonderful I took my 2 kids 3 and 7 to the Melia Caribe and had just a fantastic time. The rooms were clean and spacious and the beach and pool superb. The food is not going to create any amazing memories but they did have plenty of options so it did not get boring at all.I would go again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An objective Review As with most people, I have read the reviews before going to the resort. I think people should focus more on the facts from the review rather than people鈥檚 opinions. Firstly, if you a person who complains about the little things, do not come to this resort. While in the pool, I overheard a lady complaining that on the 1st day she got 3 face cloths in her room and the second she only got 1. If this is the type of thing you complain about, do not go to the Caribbean鈥ctually, don鈥檛 leave your home! Resort: It is HUGE! This could be taken as a good thing or as a bad 鈥?you decide. We were fortunate to have a room near the pool, but this means that the lobby/restaurants are about a 10-15 minute walk. Both myself and my wife enjoy walking and enjoying the scenery, however. this can be inconvenient since you have to 鈥榩lan鈥?a trip to the lobby. If you are the type of person who likes everything a few steps away, this may not be the place for you. It seems as if every review is in agreement that the grounds are beautiful. The hotel is full with marble and statues and is extremely clean. It was so nice that we actually took pictures of the washrooms since they were gorgeous! If you go into the public washrooms in the lobby, you鈥檒l know what I mean!Tipping: It seems as if the majority of the people do not tip. Staff at the resort do not ask for tips nor act as if they expect a tip. I was the only one tipping the bartender at the pool bar however, when it came to serving people, I did not get any special treatment 鈥?this is a GOOD thing! This shows that they treat everyone equally and you do not have to tip to get service. Tipping should be done for good service and to help staff since they are less fortunate. Pool and Beach: The pool is huge. No matter how crowded the resort is, you never feel cramped and always have plenty of space in the pool. Unfortunately, people wake up early and reserve seats. If you like a certain area, or the covered seats, you will have to do the same. The beach is nice. Staff attempt to clean the seaweed daily, however, there is seaweed in the water as well. However, we took a tour which brought us to the northern part of Punta Cana (near the Breezes and LTI hotels) and the beach was MUCH nicer. They had the crystal clear water, with no seaweed. However, the water there seemed more rough with much bigger waves. Insects: I brought insect repellant and bug spray and never even considered using either. I never saw a mosquito or bug the entire time (and we walked to the lobby in the evenings!). Shows: The evening shows were very nice and featured dancers and performances. Unfortunately, this gets a little boring. It would have been nice to have some comedy sketches, maybe some audience contests, etc. Staff: The main language is Spanish, however, most of the staff make an attempt of speaking English and try to help. The front desk staff knew English well and although a little disorganized (compared to North American standards), they did everything they could to accommodate us. Overall: I enjoyed my stay at this resort. Personally, I felt that the distance between the rooms and lobby was a little inconvenient, however, the beautiful grounds make the walk enjoyable. I also liked the beaches in the northern part of Punta Cana better. If you are the type to complain about the little things, then you can find a million things to complain about. If you are the type who understands that this is the Caribbean, and things are different than N.A., and simply want to relax and enjoy your vacation, you will have a great time! Feel free to E-mail me if you want additional information鈥?rings_01@yahoo.com  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort We stayed at the Melia twice. The management changed last year and it was great: better service and better food. The rooms are great, the beach is great! We have a baby and he enjoyed his stay a lot! We met people from around the world and it was fun.I recommend this hotel specially if you have kids and if you want to relax or play golf.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Follow the Yellow Brick Road My Husband and i stayed at the Melia week of April 10th -April 17th...We are so glad we didnt listen to all the negative reviews... The Hotel and grounds were beautiful...We stayed in building 43, halfway to the beach and lobby... there is lots of walking ..we didnt mind it .. we just absorbed the beautiful scenery. ..Our room was very clean ...tipped the maid daily .. one day our room wasnt cleaned .. we called the front desk ..and they sent a maid to clean it right away. I did notice when the maid left fresh flowers ..we got a few ants... but other then that no problems with the room.. The food was ok for breakfast or lunch.. typical buffet food.. your best bet for breakfast is to have your eggs cooked to order .. dont get them from the buffet..lunch buffets were the worse ..we didnt eat lunch much there...For dinner ala carte restaurants is the only way to dine ..Ma Masion was the best..6 out or 7 nights we ate at the ala cart restaurants. Japanese..was so so ..The Capri was very good, thats the seafood restaurant. The beach was beautiful..was kept very clean... sand felt like baby powder so fine... I cant believe all the complaints in the reviews about the seaweed.. not much at all .. I walked the beach every day and out of all the resorts i passed by , The Melia had the cleanest and nicest beach..The service at the hotel was exceptional..Emeilo the bartender in the lobby bar made the best drinks. great Martini's!!! we never had any problems with service... this was our first all inclusive vacation... we traveled to many locations and stayed at the best resorts...the service at the Melia puts some of them to shame.. Casino was small.. Husband and I both won..many nights in the casino...and we didnt give it back to them.!!!If your looking for a relaxing vacation with a beautiful beach and pool.. Melia was well worth it. ..I would go back there Loved it  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Gounds Just got back from Melia Caribe. After reading some of the other reviews I was a little sceptical. On arriving I was very impressed with the loby and grounds. The grounds are spectacular. If you like nature this place is great. I have stayed at high quality hotels including Sandles and would rate teh grounds and lobby as high if not higher than Sandles. All seemed great. We arrived early (noon) and was told that we could not get our room till 3pm ( ended up being 4pm.) so have a change of clothes handy. They do have facilities to change. Be aware that the resort is large and spread apart. Most of the restaurants and all of the entertainment are in the loby area away from the beach. there are 2 beach front restaurants. There is a train that will take your form area to area. I suggest that when you reserve, you insist on a beach front or close to beach room. You may have noticed that tis property has two names caribe and tropical. There is no difference, one is on the west and one on the east. Caribe is slightly newer.The Room Quite large with King bed, sitting area and washroom. Not the best however adaquate. I was able to see the honeymoon suite. Not worth the difference in price. The only difference is that there is a small hottub in the room. That is all. My wife is terrified of bugs and insects and had no problem with that issue on this trip. However a second floor room is advisable. The room has a minifridge with wather bottles and soft drinks. Sometimes this is refilled and sometimes not.The Food Well what can I say....it is not the best. The buffets are not great. They seem to serve the same each day. There are 4 restaurants that you will need reservations for supper. Make these reservations the first day or it will be booked. we tried to make reservations for a second visit to one of the restaurants and were not able too. It was strange that we were told that the restaurants were mostly full and had a difficult time getting the times that we wanted however the restaurants never seemed to be at full capicity. They are strict about these reservations so do not be late. I have eaten at better restaurants and found the menus limited. Supper is the better meals of the day.Entertainment What entertainment. There are nightly shows, they are not very good, although they do try. i had a relative visit a year ago and the shows were only spanish. Now they are in 3 languages. The disco is mainly teenagers even thought it is 18+. Casino small.Staff Mostly friendly however do not expect too much English. They have alot of staff. Constintly cleaning.Shopping. Limited. there is a flea market walking distance along the beach. Key word bargain. they will begin with extremely high prices and you can end up paying way less if you bargain and are willing to walk away. we ended up paying 30% of the origional asking price.Beach and Pool beautiful. This was one place where it was not a problem getting a chair on the beach or pool area. A great thing that I am not used to. You do not have to get up at 6am to reserve a chair. On the beach there are Palmtrees so there is a shaded area and a sunny area. Quite a bit of seaweed though. Beach is clean.Overall a fun trip. Not a bad resort, the service could improve, I guess that more English would be nice byt we are in their country thoughHope this helps, Enjoy  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SilverLakeOh
<Content>Wow! Wow! Good thing we didn't read the negative reviews before we booked our vaction. If we did, we woulde not have booked and we would have missed out on one beautiful resort and an awesome family vacation. Go with an open mind and have fun!!! We were at the Melia Caribe March 26-29. I am still into family vactions. With my kids being 18, 21, 23 it is not always easy to find places that when I mention the word 'family vacation' they won't roll their eyes. Needless to say, this fit the bill!! Just a few tips--make dinner reservations as soon as you can for French, Seafood, and Japaneese restaurants. The others do not take reservations (but that could change--[policy for things were changing constantly, even while we were there). Men, bring long pants. The restaurants require long pants and no sandals for men. Bring plenty of film and suntan lotion. The prices in the gift shop is out of this world!! ($35.00 for sunscreen and $18.00 for film). Oh, and tops are optional--at the beach and around the pool. It was not always a pretty sight. Feel free to contact me with any questions.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutely beautiful!! I went to the Melia last spring break and it was beautiful. I have to say I have been to many different resorts and several different countries and even to other places in the Dominican and I have to say that many aspects of the Melia Caribe Tropical made it one of the nicest places I have ever been. The beach was beautiful and the food was much better than many places I have been. (especially the pizza at the Gondola) The best dinner will be found at the Japanese restaurant but make sure you get up early to book because it seems that everyone wants to go there! The weather was very nice, there was lots to do and the disco was a riot! (although it is a little small) For the young ladies-- make sure you stay away from some of the locals because they tried to get me to kiss them/marry them/be the mother of their children. The pools are beautiful and the rooms are quite nice. a few words of advice-- make sure you get up early to reserve good spots by the pool and make dinner reservations, dont lose your towel or towel card, lock all of your money and valuables in the safe, take er easy with the tequilia boom boom(s), wear lots of sunscreen, don't drink the water, prepare to do a lot of walking or trollyriding, and learn how to ask for beer. cerveza pour favor!! presedentes are the way to go (actually they are the only way you can go in the dominican but its decent) have a great time-- I sure did!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Natural Paradise That Could Some TLC! My fianc?e and I spent our time at Melia Caribe (MC) (Caribe side) between March 22-29, 2004. Although I had traveled a good portion of the world over the prior years, and my fiancee and I had both visited other parts of the Caribbean and Mexico, this was our first trip to the Dominican Republic, Punta Cana, and an all inclusive resort. We extensively read the comments, pro and con, from other visitors to this resort before choosing to take the plunge. At Melia Caribe, we were pleasantly surprised to find a romantic and delightful escape from the cold, windy weather in our area and the daily business demands - so-called reality. We were looking for some peace and tranquility to just relax, bask in the sun, be as active as we might choose, and of course, enjoy each other's company to the fullest. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at MC and as with any adventure into a new place or country, we decided to advantage ourselves of what worked for us, and adjusted where it was required. As with all resorts, there were some shortcomings, but we managed to stay flexible, followed the local custom of smiling at the worst, and made the best of what developed. In our view, all of the essential elements are in place for a really fantastic piece of paradise. There are areas that need direct management attention and improvement. We note them based on our experience and those other couples we met there; all comments meant to be of a constructive nature. Here is our evaluation on many varied fronts: Basic Facilities and Layout: We were highly impressed by the lush greenery throughout the entire complex of trees, shrubs, endless ponds, fountains, and the array of charming visitors throughout - egrets, flamingos, peacocks, ducks, and a few species unfamiliar to us both. Whoever was the landscape designer deserves an award. We were constantly amazed at the variety of greenery and no matter where you might wander or gaze, it created tranquil and positive feelings, day or night. Although there was an approximate 10-15 minute walk from the main Caribe lobby area to the beach, there was a slow moving train constantly making the loop. Whether walking or on the train, it was always a delight to just relax and flow with the constantly changing varieties and shapes of greenery and flowers all about. Add the cool night breezes and the moonlight, we spent a lot of time out of doors, and enjoying it all. The lobby area and the adjoining many restaurants create a rather large and spacious open air complex of marble floors, plants and fountains all around, and exquisite trappings more than suitable for any need, want, or desire. With the bars strategically located throughout the lobby, beach, and pool areas, it became rather easy to slip into simple routines to fit our beverage needs and desires, day or evening. Our room was a second floor corner unit (most appear to be two story, four units to a side) with marble floors and wall trim and an extensive bath (all in marble); even with a bidet. We had an adequate balcony overlooking a stretch of the main pathway (lobby to beach). The unit was a 2 minute walk to either the extensive pool area, the beach, and/or open air restaurant located there. The room was exceptionally clean, air conditioned, and supplied with all that we required on a daily basis. We had fresh fruit and assortment of beverages in our in-room refrigerator. Anything we might otherwise require (except alcoholic beverages) could be acquired by simply dialing 3000 for express service directly to the room. Beach Area: Everyone is provided large daily beach towels that can be turned in at the end of the day for fresh ones at the activity center (or if you choose, they will give you a card, and you can get your towels the next morning). We would recommend doing it at the close of the day. We would concur that depending on the occupancy levels, it would be wise to get out before 8:30AM each day and place towels and/or other belongings on the beach or poolside chairs of your choice. We never encountered any problems, even when we got out later. There seemed always to be thatched protected nooks further up the beach and plenty of space around the pool. There are a limited number of thatched roofed, open air enclosures next to the pool containing waterproof mattresses for the truly lazy at heart. Although we did acquire one on our last day, we spent virtually all of our time on the beach. For these, one should arise and be on the beach well before 8:00AM. There were a few negatives from our perspective of the MC beach area. One was the almost constant water traffic and noise. Up beach and to the left at another resort, there were at least 3 motor launches providing para-sailing opportunities, all of which would operate directly in front of the MC beach area. One or two large party boats passed by the MC beach area. As well, there were number of other outfitters at other locations providing small speed boat excursions, which were constantly running back and forth in the MC area. In-between, was the motor boat traffic for local water sports and the like. On one particular day, MC residents were using the free non-motorized water craft - at the time, 5 sail boats/sunfish, a few ocean kayaks, a number of paddle boats, and as well some windsurfers, all in the exact same areas of much larger and faster moving motor craft. It seemed to us this presented obvious safety issues; an accident or mishap waiting to happen! It was a definite deterrence to our otherwise interest in these sporting areas. There appeared to be no meaningful controls. Depending on your level of expertise in these craft, we would advise to take a close look at the water traffic first, and proceed at your own risk. Our suggestion to management would be to get rid of the adjoining water speedway motor traffic so MC guests can safely and leisurely enjoy the opportunities on the MC properties. Oddly, we did not see a lot of people or children in the ropes swimming area, whether related to the boat traffic or the water temperature or whatever. The beach area seemed mostly limited to occasionally cooling off and then returning to basking in the sun. The water became nothing more than a backdrop for the beautiful Caribbean scenery. There are sadly no snorkeling opportunities. The reef areas, although visible from the beach, are at some distance across open water - the same routes used extensively by other motorized craft. There are separate excursions which include snorkeling in remote locations ranging in cost between $60-70 per person; but not from this beach area. We recommend that management consider daily direct access for snorkeling from the MC beach area to the reef areas as part of their all inclusive package, which would make it far more attractive for all guests. We had read the comments on topless sun bathing prior to our departure. During our stay, we observed perhaps 10-12 who opted for this freedom of expression. The majority, from this male perspective, obviously had not taken stock of their physical attributes in quite some time and should have opted for an isolated enclosure up beach and away from all populace viewing. Regardless of good or bad physical appearance, we feel this was in poor taste with young children present, and there were an ample amount of them during our stay. The resort should consider some accommodation for these open excesses to perhaps a farther stretch of beach away from the main MC beach center. Dive Opportunities: For those so inclined or interested, Scuba Caribe has a PADI certified center on the beach at MC, providing daily instruction, lessons, and open water dives with all equipment provided at reasonable costs. Although it had been many years, I was a certified diver and chose to take a refresher course with them and as well a single dive that same day. I found the staff exceedingly competent and helpful in every respect, and a credit to the P.A.D.I. credentials. I was scheduled for two other dives, but the daily arrival of strong winds forced cancellation up to my last day. We had also scheduled an excursion (Marinarium) in order to snorkel, especially with large sting rays and sharks (vegetarians all), but again it was cancelled due to the wind levels. As we were advised by one of the staff, this is apparently a fairly frequent state of affairs in this area in the January-April time frames. Food and Restaurants: We had noted the many opinions on the food before we left and were abit anxious about this one aspect ourselves. First, I have always been a breakfast person. The beach buffet worked just fine for both of us every morning. There was daily French toast, made on the spot omelets with ingredients of one's own choosing, trays of scrabbled eggs, which no one can ruin, and occasionally palatable fried bacon and even sausage. There was always an abundance of fresh cut fruit and juices to fit any taste. The bread or pastry chef was more than qualified, daily turning out many varieties of bread, rolls, and pastries. Breakfast got a B+ depending on one's own peculiar tastes. Lunch, in my view was in the low B range, depending on that day's adventure in cooking behind the scenes. In general, at the MC beach buffet, it appeared the local chefs, whether by custom or oversight, enjoyed over-cooking anything that looked like beef and/or fish. Such qualities are commendable for pork and as such, were bettered suited for those dishes. There was always pizza, hamburgers and hotdogs. However, on occasion, they did have some quite good pasta salads which were intriguing and memorable. Cooked pasta combinations (ingredients of one's own choosing) were always available and fresh fruit was there as well. On certain days, I tried the spot grilled sandwiches of chicken and pork, and once a Mexican wrap of overcooked beef strips, which actually wasn't bad after a solid dash of other toppings and salsa. There was always fresh ice cream in a cooler for self service and an array of fresh cakes and pastries for dessert. Overall, the variety was sufficient for anyone to be able to find something that worked. Dinner was another matter altogether. Certainly after a long day on the beach or in the water, there's nothing better than a shower, a few cocktails, and a nice (romantic in our case) dinner or sharing a meal with others even if only for good conversation. From our experience, MC was a mixed bag. In our view, the French, Italian, and Japanese restaurants were relatively the best. Since neither Spanish or Mexican cooking generally appealed to me, we did not try those restaurants and therefore could offer no opinions. However, we were advised by others that the Mexican restaurant was very good. In the French category, I twice tried and was pleased with the tournedos of beef, which actually was served medium rare. My fiancee got excellent results with the salmon and chicken dishes. Her favorite was the Italian chicken, although on our second try, the exact same dish was served in a completely different sauce and presentation - not nearly as good. How the exact same choice can be so totally different on two separate evenings in a 3 day period remained a mystery to us. The seafood restaurant was a disappointment in my view with over-cooked fish, with the lobster being only palatable due to being over cooked. Excepting the beef, which was overcooked and much too chewy, the Japanese experience was colorful and very plentiful, and of an expected quality as in any of the medium priced spots in the US. Overall, the evening repast became an adventure, not necessarily a pleasant one. We both preferred white wine, which in every restaurant was a dismal, watered down experience. Only once, for some unexplained reason were we confronted with a pleasurable dry, deep tasting French blend white at the Italian restaurant. When we returned and specifically asked for that same wine, no one had the slightest idea as to what we talking about. How and why this occurred remained a mystery. My fiancee stayed with champagne as a substitute whenever possible. Our first two nights in acquiring a place in both the French and seafood restaurants was an utter disaster; as well for about 20-30 other groups. Simply put, there was no efficient reservation system. The head coordinator at the front door had no meaningful communication with the representatives from either restaurant (common entry and bar area) which resulted in mass confusion - a scene direct from the Three Stooges! The seafood restaurant placement in fact took them 3 hours - we ate at 9:15PM. Due to the deluge of complaints, management placed both restaurants on a reservation system while we were there. Funny thing, when we returned on our last night to the French restaurant, there were open tables throughout our dinner - reservations had not really solved the problem on table efficiencies. In our first few days, we became friends with another couple, the husband being the head chef and being personally responsible for eight restaurants in one of the best and fastest growing upscale restaurant organizations in the United States. Bottom line - in our combined view; all of the food issues from variety to quality in all of the meals were preventable and solvable with cost effective solutions. Our recommendation is that management should invest in some really knowledgeable experts and get the food areas back on track. This one area could be MC's crowning star of accolades, instead of complaint, and set MC truly apart from rival resorts in the area. All the ingredients are there - it needs only leadership and follow-through. Whatever is done, management should do itself a favor and acquire some real wines; what is being served in the bars and restaurants (with the noted exception one evening) was nothing more than watered down swill! Overall, the food scene requires flexibility and a sense of adventure, until management decides to make meaningful changes for its guests. Late Evening Shows: We attended none of these and therefore offer no opinions. To our knowledge, there was no adult disco or club, and even if there were, it would doubtful that we would have opted to visit. Nor did we participate in the resident casino operations. These activities were not part of our holiday plan. did not avail ourselves of the late evening entertainment options and therefore offer no comments in that regard. Nor did we enter or participate in the resident casino operations. Beverage recommendations: As noted earlier, the white wines were of the worst possible caliber. My fiancee substituted by opting for champagne and got by. Although it was advised that the water and ice in the bar and restaurant areas was safe for drinking, I opted to avoid all ice drinks as much as possible. I stayed with vodka martinis specifying Stolli. which I found more than adequate. The bars offer a wide variety of fruit based drinks of the usual Caribbean varieties. The most consistent in our view was the Bahamas Momma or Banna Momma (?), always ensuring additional dark rum was added (pre-mixed in a juice dispenser). The local beer on tap, we were advised worked well for most. Currency Exchange: The Dominican Republic peso is about as useful as --- on sunflower. To venture into the local currency is sure to result in loss. No one will exchange pesos back to dollars so that it will have to be done, if at all, back in the US, where the exchange rate will be considerably lower. Deal in dollars or use plastic, always being scrupulous as to the exchange rate used in the transaction. We made the mistake of not bringing enough dollars and we left with an inability to make certain purchases. American dollars and/or AMEX Travelers checks do work in most instances. In our case, the MC has no facility for acquiring additional US currency or dollars and can not even make change to smaller dominations. The local bank will only do so if they happen to get dollars in from some tourist that day (not a volume expectation). Even if you get pesos to make a specific transaction, the bank typically offers the lowest and most disadvantageous exchange rates. The local vendors and even the MC gift shop offers as much as 10-15 pesos more to the dollar. That means going to the bank to get pesos drives the actual price up on any item, thus removing the perceived bargain The Casino has dollars, but we were told those were meant to be deposited into their gaming enterprise - they do not operate a currency exchange or bank operation. In my view, this is a silly situation that management should consider for its direct involvement for the benefit of its guests. A substantial portion of the guests are US based, have money, and would be all too willing to share those dollars to create limited inflationary effects with the local vendors and economy and the resort; making it a win-win-win situation. MC should consider direct dollar (credit card, checks, etc.) exchange services for guests only at the best possible exchange rates and remove these problems. Shopping: There appeared to be a great deal of confusion as to where to shop and what types of goods might be available with or through the MC premises. We were advised that there was a daily shuttle bus to some of the local shopping plazas, but most everyone in the MC staff seemed deaf and dumb as to when and where. This could be because some of the contractor excursions might have included distant shopping opportunities. No matter! Management should consider consolidating all available information in this regard and making it readily available for its guests. There was a flea market down beach (to the right as one approaches the main beach area) just beyond the Jellyfish boat where one can find numerous stalls selling everything from cigars to liquor to scarves to carvings, paintings, jewelry, and other items. Extensive bargaining is recommended in all cases. Walking away usually guarantees the lowest price; shop around and come back later is a good ploy. Tipping: We had read the extensive comments in this area before leaving for MC. We chose what might be considered a middle of the road approach. I took a roll of (50) $1 dollar bills and (5) $5 bills. The high poverty levels or low wages of the staff were not in my view a basis for simply giving money away, although such was not to be ignored. What mattered to us was pleasant and responsive service, and for that $1-2 tokens of appreciation seemed appropriate. For the most part, all of the staff treated us well and always with a smile. My feeble attempts at speaking Spanish from my pocket translator book always got a grin and sometimes even better service than any tip. Our recommendation would be to tip commensurate with the service quality and pay attention to your room maid or cleaner - she got a dollar a day and a handwritten note throughout; as well as ashtray full of Hershey kisses. She was always there trying to make our stay as pleasant as possible. To really make their day, try to speak in their language! During our stay, the guest makeup appeared to be about equally split between Americans, Canadians, and Europeans. Of those about 10-15% of the population were families with children covering all age groups. None of the children presented any problems of which we were aware. I observed no ugly Americans and our Canadian cousins appeared polite and charming. The problem areas, consistent with other comments reviewed, seemed to be solely with Spanish speaking guests who held certain delusions of grandeur and perceived stature over the staff. In-Out Procedures: This is one area where management should consider immediate expansion and upgrade. MC room availability is 3:00PM daily and guests out by 12:00 noon. We arrived at 11:00AM in the morning and of course had to wait for our room availability (allegedly after 3:00PM). MC has a single hospitality room with toilet and shower for guests who wish to change clothes for that interim period. Depending on one's scheduled arrival time, we would advise that you pack all clothing changes on the top of the suitcase for ready availability (swimsuits, sandals, sun block, etc.). On our arrival date, most of the new guests did not get rooms at 3:00PM - we got ours at 4:15PM and had no luggage until almost 5:30PM. This is unacceptable for anyone, especially on their first day in paradise. We are sure there are some effective management techniques available (cleaning crews specifically for new arrival requirements, rewarding quality and speed in these areas, etc.) to ensure guests are out by 12:00 noon, their rooms are cleaned spotlessly within 3 hours, and that new guests are in those rooms by 3:00PM sharp with their luggage. In our case, upon our departure, we requested immediate baggage pickup at 11:00AM. It did not occur until 12:45PM, at which time we were able to leave the room. Since we were not due to depart MC until 6:15PM, we spent the day on the beach (like any other). Returning to the lobby area in order to shower and change clothes for the trip back home, the hospitality room had a line-up of other guests with the same intentions. Inside the hospitality room, we found the shower fixtures broken, hot water was running in all directions our of the shower (it could not be turned off), and water was covering the entire floor of that room. There was no cold water, as the fixture was detached from the wall. The staff seemed unconcerned to the problems and unprepared to either fix or have alternate accommodations available for guests. We would recommend management consider expansion of these facilities for guest usage and better support for the same. As an aside, we were impressed by the cleanliness in general of all restroom facilities on MC premises; all in marble and daily with fresh flower blossoms on the sink areas. The chaos of the hospitality room arrangements we viewed as an anomaly and in any case clearly correctable and preventable. Excursions: There are a number offered through the Apple representative and others. As mentioned above, we chose the Marinarium, but it was cancelled due to high winds. We didn't know about the cancellation until we inquired about the bus, as we had been waiting for it in front of the lobby and it was past the time it should have been there. It would have been nice to have received a message in our room, telling us in advance that it had been cancelled. We would recommend that Apple take affirmative measures to ensure its guests/clients are kept timely aware of all changes regarding any aspect of their trip or excursions booked through Apple. We were advised by others that they had enjoyed the Outback Safari and James Bond for a day excursions. We have no knowledge as to the others. Tennis Courts: This resort has two tennis court areas (one for Caribe and one for the Tropical), each with four separate courts. We were advised that the Tropical side was the best of the two. We did play on the best court of the four on the Caribe side, which had numerous potholes or divots in key surface areas. We would recommend that management immediately repair or replace these courts or else advise its guests in advance of the problem. Bringing good rackets such a distance and for nothing should not be encouraged by silence. Summary: Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves at MC and would consider returning. It would be our hope that management and Apple Vacations would view our comments as constructive input meant to further improve an already beautiful and pleasurable escape in the Caribbean, and would take action to resolve those areas mentioned.   
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time, needs better childcare My husband, 3 year old son, 5 year old daughter and I went to the Melia Caribe in January. I thought the resort was absolutely beautiful. The only negatives while we were there was, the children's center was closed for renovation (they had a little tent set up on the beach but my children were not really interested), the timeshare people ruined a good day and a half and caused so much stress between my husband and I, and the babysitting was hard to find and very expensive. The whole week my husband and I did not have any alone time, they need a better childrens programs at night so parents have alone time. The pools were cold but the ocean was warm. The food was decent, I liked the Mexican Rest. and the Japanese (you have to make reservations for the Jap.) We are used to 5 star resorts I would give it 4 on decor 3 1/2 on food. My room was very nice and clean ( not great water pressure) but these people are trying to conserve their resources. Tipping does help, I gave a bartender $5 every night and the minute he saw me the Cosmo's kept coming. (Not the best Cosmo's more like fruit juice). OH and they love Candy you can bribe the staff with twizzlers, skittles, I guess they really can't get hard candy (so I heard) When I was in the airport going home a customs officer found a half of a Twizzler in my sons bag and asked to have it, then I gave them livesavers and forget it! Yes there is alot of walking if you don't catch a train, but there is always one coming. I needed the excercise anyway! We were in building 12 great spot! There are 2 sides both are nice, every night at 8:30 they have sing a longs and games for the children and then at 10pm is the Big show (I thought the shows were good) We met other families and brought our kids everywhere. They have shallow areas in the pool where families hang out. The beach was very nice they clean any seaweed that happens to wash up everyday. You will see many different bodies on the beach so beware if you don't want your children seeing little ones, big ones, saggy ones....anyway! The ocean was beautiful great water sports. The men took out one of those little sail boats with a bucket of beers but got in trouble when they went a little to far, haha. The parasailing was reasonably priced I think for a family of 4 it cost us $100. Cigarettes are cheap if you walk all the way down the beach to the big market, $10 a carton. I don't smoke but I know thats cheap. If you have any questions just let me know.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh my gosh Oh my gosh this was the best hotel I have ever stayed at and belive me I have been around, the people were so nice and helpful and the resort was beauitful and clean, the rooms were very nice and relaxing and I just really had the time of my life and can't wait to go back wich I am hoping is real soon.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What you need to know........... OK, Let me start by giving you some background. My wife and I (both 29 years old) and have been on three all inclusive vacations (Iberostar- Cozumel(9/02), Iberostar Punta Cana (9/03), and the Melia Caribe(3/27/04-4/3/04). Our goal on vacation is to relax. We generally do not do too much activity wise (tours, excursions and such) We will sail, snorkel, drink, dance and gamble with the best of them. Our vacation days usually consist of waking by 10, day of drinks on the beach or poolside, and drinks at night with dancing, gambling or catching some entertainment. My wife is fluent in Spanish, so communicating is never a problem, but even if you are a hack like me, you can do just fine on the resort. Good service is important to us and is certainly appreciated and recognized. We attended the Melia Caribe with friends who are on their first vacation together. Now, about the resort.... I had the %$* scared out of me by some of the reviews. Lets start by disspelling the negatives that concerned me...1. The Food - There is plenty of variety and the quality is as good as, if not better than our experiences at other resorts. Keep in mind that you are in a country that does not have the resources we have in the US. This does not mean that the food is poor quality, it just means they don't have some of the luxuries we take for granted. On a scale of 1-10 I would give it a 7. The japanese is good, as is the Mexican, the steakhouse, and the buffets. Also, the alcohol is better than other resorts...its nice to see some name brand bottles (If you want to mix it up, you can try to drink one of every drink on the lobby cocktail list during your stay.....it can make for an eventful stay)2. The Service - I'll break this down to two areas. The operations staff (front desk, maid service, maintenance) is OK. They got us a room change (to be closer to friends), the room was clean, and the staff was courteous. It does take a couple calls to get things like ironing boards, and we had issues with our room safe for a 1/2 day, but otherwise fine. The other service staff are excellent (bartenders, waiters, waitresses, are very accomodating) Tipping is not necessary, but it certainly gets you a little extra attention. One of the main reasons we keep going back is the people. As a matter of fact, Jacque(a member of the entartainment staff) worked at a resort we visied 6 months ago. His employment contract was up so he changes resorts to mix up the scenery. We recognized him and wanted another picture (to join the one we took with him last vacation). He immediately recognized us as his friends from Boston. He's a perfect example of the genuine and friendly people down there (Guys, if you don't dance...just go to the lobby bar at night and Jack will take care of your lady's dancing needs too)Facilities - The resort is pretty big (there is a train to shuttle people to the different areas, but the longest walk you could have is maybe 15 minutes). Because the resort is big, and there are no roads dedicated for vehicle traffic, so service vehicles and mopeds share the large roads/walkways with foot traffic. It is very, very clean and the grounds are immaculate. You'll see some cool wildlife (little lizards, flamingos, peacocks,etc.) The beach is fantastic and the pool is gorgeous. The rooms are clean. My only complaint is the rock hard matresses...but after a night of drinking and such..who cares.Entertainment - There is live music in the lobby at night, as well as shows put on by the staff. Overall, the clientelle was a little older, so there wasn't much going on at the fun pub disco, but its a great environment to relax and soak up the local flavor. Apparently, if you like to hoop it up, there is a club 10 minutes of the resort that a lot of poeple go to, but we never got there. There were quite a few families with children, but the staff does a great job of keeping the kids occupied (when we have kids, this will be the resort we will take them to).Activities - The non motorized watersports (catamarans, paddle boats, etc) are a good time. If you don't know how to sail (don't be a hero...I grew up sailing and its not as easy as pointing the boat where you want to go....especially with reef and changing winds) a staff member will take you out to reduce the stress. Its a good idea to make a reservation one day before to insure you can get a boat.Other Stuff * We were never approached by anyone trying to sell time share or vacations * If you go shopping on the beach, expect to spend 30-50% of their initial price. If you hate haggling, and don't mind paying more...go to the gift shop. * Use bottled water when brushing your teeth. A lot of people don't think about this and end up blaming the food for their discomfort * Use US dollars - you don't need pesos and you won't get boned by any exchange rates. Dollars also go farther in the beach shops as well. (the exchange rate is like 40-1 (pesos to $) * Ask that your drinks are mui fuerte (mo-ee fware-tay.....strong and don't be an ingrate...say thanks and give the bartender or waitress a tip. All in all we had a great trip. If you are younger, single and looking to party, the iberostar may be a better choice, but it gets packed, so that introduces its own challenges (dinner reservation availability, poolside lounge chair availability). Feel free to contact me if you have any questions or need me to clarify. I can also send some pictures of the resort if you like.Don't be nervous about the other reviews. A lot of time people don't give a description of themself, so its difficult to know if your priorities are the same. I certainly have different expectations than I would have 5-7 years ago, or if I was older and with kids.Enjoy and have fun.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A garden of Eden.... Just got back from a wonderful vacation at this resort (3/21-3/28). We did not use a charter and had no problem getting from the airport to the resort. 20 mins tops. $11.00 per person US funds. Check-in was slow but the service was good after the desk clerk finally gave us his undivided attention. He was extremely helpful upgrading us to a better room. We then got a chance to walk thru the resort to our room. Resort grounds are breathtaking to say the least. The walk did not seem all that far even though we did not know where we were going. Relax....enjoy the walk  take in the scenery. Our luggage arrived at our room before we did with no problems. Study the map of the grounds a little bit before you go exploring and get an idea of the layout of the resort. Now go outside and enjoy one of the most beautifully landscaped resorts in the islands.The food....while not spectacular there was also nothing to complain about either. The quality of the dinners at the a la carte restaurants exceeded our expectations. After reading some of the reviews on this resort we expected to be fed some kind of grule on a daily basis. We found the food flavourful and well presented. One of the waiters at the Mexican restaurant, Ferman, was exceptional. Yes getting into some of the restaurants was frustrating but they are working on improving the process of getting people seated in a timely manner. This is not the same food that you would get in a posh restaurant in New York or New Jersey (if there is one) but if a posh restaurant is what you want, stay at home  don't complain about everything. The restaurants are serving better food than the waiters and waitresses have seen in their life. There are plenty of choices at all the restaurants so a person should be able to find something on the menu they like and if they don't, well, it's an all inclusive resort with 12 restaurants.....go to another one.The staff.....very friendly, efficient when needed to be. Tried very hard to communicate with us non-spanish speaking guests. We had no problems with any facet of the co-operation we recvd from the staff. If you require extra towels or water etc for your room, just leave a little note  the housekeeping staff will do their best to accomodate your requests (and a small tip would not hurt). Try to remember that yes it is an all inclusive resort but they really do not make very much money and tips are appreciated but not expected.Without getting into too much detail, if you are looking for a relaxing vacation where the food is good, the grounds are awesome, the beach is at least 20 miles of beautiful sand and the service is as good as you will find in a growing vacation spot then the Melia is the place to go in Punta Cana.We read many of the reviews on this resort both good and bad and could not agree with more with the positives or disagree more with the negatives.Note from my fiance... Ladies, one thing to note: the walkways do get extremely slippery when wet so feel free to leave your high heels at home. Keep to the flats and stay upright.So, if you decide to go to this resort, get ready to have a good relaxing time  do a bit of walking.If you have any questions, please feel free to send me an e-mail and I will reply asap.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good time..... We were in Punta Cana the week of March 14 -21 and had a good time. The hotel grounds are very beautiful, but everything is very spread out. They have trains that take you to all locations every 15 minutes. So bring walking shoes the walk isn't bad if you not lazy.Check In: Quick and easy-greeted with a fruit punch drink and a cool towel to freshen up.Rooms: Nice size (Jr.Suites)Weather: Nice and Hot! 87 degrees- I would recommend not using sunscreen below 15 spf. We usually pre-tan and start out using 15 spf the first few days and then drop down to 8 spf. We ran out of the 15 spf and had to purchase a bottle at the cost of $24.00 US dollars. We were all getting very red and some days needed to put a shirt on to protect our shoulders and arms from the sun. It seems to rain at night so before heading out for the evening check the weather outside and if needed they provide an umbrella in the closet.Pool: Great, plenty of chairs and shade if needed. My only complaint was no wait staff to bring you drinks. I've been to several All Inclusive resorts and this is the first without such service. So we got our exercise by swimming to the swim up bar several time. If you have room in you luggage take a raft. The pool is a nice size for flotation toys.Becah: A very poplar place and a nice breeze. The water is full of beautiful colors and warm.Restaurants:Japanese- very good food, steak, chicken or shrimp. You have to make a reservation the day you plan on going. Go to the lobby at 8:00 a.m. and stand in line especially if you have a large. They have 3 rooms of 12 seats and after you finish your meal you move to the lobby of the restaurant and have your dessert. If you plan on going to any of the sit down restaurants such as the Capri (seafood), or Ma Maison (french) I would advise you get to the restaurant by 6:45 in order to be sat in the first seating. Other wise you will be eating at 8:30 or 9:00 at the earliest. The food is very good in both restaurants.Staff: For the most part bar tenders, housekeeping and desk service is friendly, the hostess at the restaurants don't seem to know what is going on and can be rude.Activities: Very few activities day or night. The nightly entertainment if very poor. If you like to gamble they have a casino on the premises.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, but service and food were big problems!!! We just got back (early March 2004 vacation for a week) Beautiful Resort ... pools and beaches were amazing. The service was very very mixed. Some were great and hospitable, others were outright rude. On our check-in, I had a huge problem with the front desk b/c our reservation somehow just mixed up. I asked to speak with a manager and he outright lied to me and said there wasn't one on duty! My girlfriend and I were then taken to a crappy room with two twin beds and then they said that a king bed was not guaranteed through our reservation. After 2-3 hours of arguing, I got a manager who took care of everything. In the process however, I was lied to and mistreated by most of the front desk employees. I was very nice too (not being an American arrogant tourist) - but felt very unwelcomed. If I had been directed to the manager from the beginning, things would have been better.Again though, beautiful grounds, beach and pool areas. Service is very so-so. Food is average at the better restaurants and is near inedible at the lunch buffets. And I am not a picky eater. The hostesses at the night restaurants have horrible attitudes and often go on power trips. They said the restaurants are open untill 10pm and on three occasions we could not get a reservation (which can only be made in person that night) at various of the restaurants because the hostess said they were full. We got into one of these so-called full restaurants only to discover half of the tables empty. What incentive do the workers have at filling the tables that do not bring in revenue? They don't - and after a few meals, you realize that the food and service are the worst part of such a beautiful place. I loved the week there but would not go back because after three/four days, the food turned from average to disgusting (unless you like fried food - or oil drenched food - which many of the people there seemed to enjoy). The Japanese restaurant was identical to Benihanas. Email me with any questions as I'd love to answer any concerns. Also, the property could be a 5 star rating, but the food and service definitely are 2-3 stars. - Bob (bobman4@aol.com)  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this resort. My husband and I returned a week ago, we were there from 3/19 - 3/25/04. We had a wonderful time. I won this trip through my job and I called my travel agent when we got back to thank her for chosing this resort. We enjoyed the buffets, the specialty restaurants and loved the pool and beach. Our room was 412, which is on the tropical side, and was about 100 yds. from the pool. Not too much further and we were at the Agora Restaurant (our favorite for breakfast and lunch since it was so close). You could sit on the patio and eat and look out into the ocean and feel the tropical breezes. It was GREAT. These grounds are absolutely beautiful and very well cared for. There is alot of walking but we knew this going in from reading these reviews. The walkways are slippery as stated (my husband fell but was ok). The train is great and if it doesn't come right away then take a walk. If you go off the premises you felt very safe in that the bus or taxi picks you up and stays with you until you're done shopping or whatever and brings you back. Our maid, Gilma, was wonderful. She was so thankful for our tips and candy we left her and she made sure our rooms were nice and clean. We did tip at the restaurants. They aren't expecting an enormous tip either. We walked along the beach and went to the flea markets. The people do try to get you to buy their goods but just tell them no and they leave you alone. For all the complainers out there I can't figure you out. We did not have any problems whatsoever, checking in or out or any problems with the staff. They are a very happy group of people. At the buffets or the bars they would just start singing or dancing and made you feel happy too. They were very courteous and tried to understand you the best they could. You're on vacation so enjoy yourselves.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wouldn't go back I went with a positive attitude even after reading the reviews posted here. This was a company trip planned as a bonus for goals met. I don't think any one of would want to return. Yes, it's pretty but there are many beautiful islands and resorts where you do not have to have inferior food and service. There is no way that any of the food could be called excellent. We tried the Japanese, The Pagoda and Ma Maison. All passable. The buffets were almost unedible. Do yourself a favor and pick another destination.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great! but you should know a few things.... The Melia Caribe Tropical is a large hotel. It has two lobbies , many restaurants (some much better than others), two pools and a large beach, lobby bars, pool bars, restaurant bars, a 'pub/club' for the evening-- it is small and not so great-music is mixed... but it seemed the DJ played old songs that weren't even that great when they first came out! It has 3 trolly trains that depart every 15 minutes that help ease the walking around the grand property. That is one of the things you need to prepare for-- getting used to reading maps your first few days-- it can be confusing to get around but once you get the hang of it, it doesn't seem so bad. The other is you need to make sure you get a towel card because you need that to get your towel everyday for the pool/beach. The good restaurants are the ones that get busy and are sit down- ala carte. La Maison (French)and Capri (seafood)-- so you need to make reservations for those- usually an hour or so wait unless you go late after 9, 9:30) A good buffet is the Mexican. A great restaurant is the Japanese-- the bad part is you have to reserve your table the morning of - you must go to the lobby about 8:30am in order to get a reservation. (unless you happen to be a cute girl-- the guys working there will do many favors for you if you ask nicely and smile a little) They are very flirtatious, but they know how to keep it respectful and when to stop. If you are going on a busy week just know they are slightly understaffed-- its not bad, you just have to be patient if you need something extra or out of the ordinary. For ex. I needed black thread and a needle. I called the front desk and they said it would be delivered to my room immediately. It wasn't. The next day I went to the lobby  requested it. I was told it would be ready for me to pick up at the desk in an hour. I got a drink and didn't realize the time had passed. The lady came and found me sitting on a couch with my tropical drink. It was good service--- as long as you aren't the demanding, uptight....I NEED IT NOW! type. If it is something you need asap- it could get annoying since going to the lobby is a chore- depending on where your room is it can take 7-10 min to get there (if you walk, and maybe longer if you are taking the trolly and you have to wait for it to come back around to you!) My advice, think ahead... collect snackfood and bottles of water and store them in your room (the fridge is stocked w/some drinks, but they don't restock for you). There will be moments you are not in the mood to treck for a bite. Well, I hope this was helpful.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Que Bonita! Everyone that is whining about trivial little things should stop and think about how fortunate they are. The Dominican Republic is a third world country! Everyone that is complaining about the staff seems to be rude. You probably treated them like garbage. As far as getting sick over the food, you gringos can't handle anything spicy. Maybe you should just stay home!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Resort We currently stayed at this wonderful hotel from 3/7 - 3/14. We arrived at the hotel around 3:30 after arriving in on US Airways. It took us about 30 minutes to get to the resort from the airport. The lobby of the resort was all marble. This is what made it a 5 star hotel. We quickly checked in and were told to wait for the train. So we did this assuming that it would be to far to walk to our hotel building. We got on the train and quickly got off at the 2nd stop. We figured out that it was only a 5 - 10 minute walk to the lobby. We got into our 2 rooms and our bags were already there. We then took a quick walk down to the beach which was absolutly beautiful. The water was warm but the only complaint was that it is pretty windy. For all the dinners we were there we ate at the a la cartes. These restaurants were fabulous. The food was perfectly cooked and was really good. We liked Ma Maison the best. If you want to go to the Japanese restaurant you must get reservations. The reservation table opens at 9 in the morning. If you want to eat at a decent time at this restaurant you must be in line by 8:30. Thr breakfast and dinner buffets were alright. There was nothing good and nothing bad about them. The resort offers all different kinds of water sports. The snorkeling was alright but nothing spectacular. The rum drinks were very disappointing. It seemed that the rum was watered down. It takes time to get use to drinking out of a water bottle and brushing your teeth with bottled water. There are nightly shows in the Tropical or Caribe lobbies. Overall as a family we had a great time. The trip went very fast and before you know it your on the plane. I would come back to this resort anyday.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth the trip... Just got back from my trip to the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort (March 15-19). My sister and I went here for our spring break and we absolutely loved it. We had a fabulous time. Regardless of what reviews I read prior to the trip, I decided to book this trip b/c of all the pictures I had seen of the resort and the beaches. I knew that I would be pleased. All other things such as service and food was a secondary concern for me. It is failrly important but I knew it could not be as bad as some people made it out to be. I am easy going and relaxed on vacation. I don't see how you can be miserable over such things as food and not getting your towels in time. So, a word of advice... take it easy... life is good when you are at the Melia Caribe Tropical.I will comment on some aspects of the resort below. If you have any questions or comments please feel free to email me. I would be glad to help.Resort/Beach: This is the best part about the whole trip. If you are looking to relax on a beautiful beach and want to feel like you are in paradise, then this is the resort for you. The grounds are immaculate and the beach is breathtaking... just perfect. The sun is very intense... so even though you know you tan without any problems... please please don't forget to reapply and use a sunblock with a high SPF. You will tan regardless! My sister and I made the mistake of not reapplying frequently enough and we burnt the very first day and lost one day because of it. So, please remember to reapply as often as possible. This is really the only tedious thing you have to think about on your trip.Food: I would have to agree with most people who have reviewed this resort that the food is not excellent but it is manageable. I definitely believe it is dependent on the person. I, personally, am not hard to please. I usually can find one thing that I like and feel satisfied eating it. If I happen to encounter something that I don't like, I just push it aside or get something else. It's not too bad really... you just have to experiment. We ate everyday at the Turey which is the buffet by the beach. I had a room very close to the pool/beach (2707) so this is where my sister and I went every morning for breakfast and lunch. Mariano does an excellent job with the omelettes in the morning. Anything freshly made, usually turns out to be pretty good. So, I recommend that if you are picky, to just stick with that. The only restaurant that I was impressed with was the Japanese restaurant. I tried the seafood - The Capri, Le Gourmet, and the Mexican buffet.Service: The service was generally good. I called in for towels and toiletries one day and had to follow-up after an hour. As soon as I called to find out the status of my request, they made sure to fulfill it ASAP. So, I guess the best thing to do is follow-up if you do not get a timely response. Weird thing was that one day we got extra toiletries and towels without even having to ask and another day we got even more toiletries later on in the night after our intial request for some.Workers/People: The people who worked on the resort are extremely friendly, fun, and hospitable. My sister and I made friends with most everyone at the Turey since we saw them so often. The same rules apply in DR as they do any where else in the world.... treat them with respect and kindness and you'll have no problems. Most people we met at the resort were from NJ/NY... maybe we tend to gravitate towards each other?? But, I did meet nice people from TX and Europe and Canada. Actually, most were so nice that we exchanged emails to keep in contact. Open your minds and your hearts while on vacation, you'll be surprised how many wonderful people you will meet.Tipping: As far as tipping, I really didn't tip at all during my trip and saw no degradation in the service I received. I did tip the maid and decided to tip our waiter who served us everyday at the Turey at the end of our trip. It is always appreciated by them. Although, we tipped the maid everyday, we were disappointed that we did not get fresh flowers as others have. But, maybe it is the particular maid we got. Tipping is not necessary but if you have enough to go around... why not? As most people will see on the ride from the airport to the resort, the people in DR live poor. A couple of dollars goes a long way.Currency: You don't have to convert your money if you plan on staying on the resort. I did not get a chance to go on an excursion so I don't know if they accept US$ in the shops off the resort. But, from my experience, shopping the little stands on Punta Cana beach and taking advantage of some of the water sports they provide such as parasailing, scuba, snorkeling, and banana boat do not require that you to use Domincan peso. The reason I say this is because if you decide to convert your money on the resort at the Banco Popular window, they will buy dollar low and sell high. Also, on the last day when you have a little peso left they will tell you they do not have small bills in US$ and will not buy it back from you. Of course, they want to keep the dollar. So, perhaps if you want to convert you should do it at the airport. However, I did not get a chance to check if there was even one there b/c my tour bus was scheduled to leave as soon as my flight came in. Bottomline, converting is not necessary if you are staying on the resort - taking an excursion, participating in water sports, or using any of the services provided at the resort.Later Flight (day of check-out): If you have a flight later on the day, I found out from the rep at Prieto Tours that they have courtesy showers that they provide for guests so that they may shower and get ready if you happen to have a later flight. Although check out is 11, the rep made it clear that checkout removes your access to your room but not to the services/food. So, it is not a problem if you have a later flight. Actually, if you can get a later flight... DO IT! I would have done that if I had the information I just shared with you.Nightlife: This resort is not great for college students. I had intentionally made the choice to go to this resort knowing this information. I was not interested in being in the middle of GGW Central. However, my sister and I did get off the resort and went to a club at the Flamingo Resort called Mangu. It appeared to me that there were a lot of spring breakers there. So, if you are looking for a fun place for singles... this resort is not for you. There are others that cater to this group so shop around. If you are couple or a family or girls looking to just relax and not be harassed constantly by single horny men (hehee), then definitely go to Melia Caribe Tropical.I can't really think of anything else to comment on. So if I did not touch upon something that you would be interested in knowing, feel free to contact me.Happy Vacationing!!! =)  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joydee
<Content>Loved the Melia Caribe Tropical! After I booked our trip to Melia Caribe, I went into the website and starting to read the reviews and after reading some of the negative reviews I almost cancelled my vacation but didn't. We loved everything about the Melia Caribe. The food was excellent; top of our list was the Japenese Restaurant. Take note that when you go to a restaurant, after 7:30 the lines get long and you could have a hour + wait. We didn't mind, we just had a couple of drinks while we waited. Just relax, sit back and take it all in and don't be in a hurry and you'll be just fine. The breakfast buffets are wonderful and make sure that you get in line for the freshly made omelets. The fresh fruits and vegetables are safe; in the week that we were there I never heard anyone complain about getting sick. Make sure that you only drink bottled water; there is plenty around and you can go to any bar and ask for a bottle of water and they'll gladly give it to you plus the small refrigerators in your room are stocked with 7up, Pepsi and bottled water. The ice cubes are safe, they use only purified water. The beach is beautiful and kept immaculately clean with plenty of lounge chairs and shady areas including huts and palm trees and there is always a beautiful breeze. The pool area is huge and you can get a 20 minute massage for $20.00 right at the poolside under a hut with clean linens. You can also get a massage, pedicure, manicre at the Metamorphsis SPA. Make sure you visit the SPA and use the jacuzzi's (there are two). They are quite elegant and very relaxing after a hard day at the beach. The SPA is opened until 8:00 pm. They also have a gym that is located at the SPA. Everynight there is entertainment. We saw a couple of shows and enjoyed both. The only problem that we encountered was the sailboat rental situation. We didn't know that you have to make a reservation to rent the catamarans. So do this as soon as you get there because you might have to wait 1, 2 or more days. You will do alot of walking, this is a huge resort with gorgeous flora all over. There are cute little trains that run back and forth from the beach to the lobby every 15 minutes so if you choose not to walk, hop on the train. The staff at this resort are incredible. The Dominicans are very happy, friendly people and always willing to help for any of your needs. We brought a bag of assorted candies for the cleaning staff and left a little bag each day. They just love it! Everyday we would find fresh flowers scattered about the bathroom and sometimes on the pillows. Sit back, relax and enjoy your vacation at the Melia Caribe Tropical!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was Paradise! We went to the Melia Caribe Tropical the end of February. After reading some of the negative reviews, I was not looking forward to my vacation. Well it was paradise! Everyone was so friendly; it didn't matter if you couldn't speak spanish. Sign language  a smile worked wonders. The food, margaritas  wine from Chile were excellent. We walked everywhere  still managed to gain 10 lbs. each. I felt like I was at a botanical garden; the greenery provided privacy at the pool instead of having wall to wall lounges. I would definitely return to this resort.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! This was our honeymoon destination in May 2002 and it was a fantastic holiday. The pools are huge and clean as is all the grounds. The staff are polite and helpful, but they didn't speak fluent English which was frustrating. The restaurants were fantastic, especially the A La Carte French and Japanese. We have recommended this hotel to many people and I was surprised to read negative reviews. The beach was clean and the sea was clear and they was a good variety of entertainment.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better think twice Apple Vacations and USA 3000 airlines were great. A lot of confusion and waiting at the hotel check-in. The electronic safe keys do not work, went back several times to the desk, demand a key lock, they have both types of safes per room. After check-in, you have to run the guantlet of time share salesman. This will continue all week, every time you pass the main lobby, on your way to breakfast, lunch, dinner, and on the way to the beach. No means No even in spanish, but they will not let up. The rooms are nice. Get a second floor room if you can, the view is better. The rooms are either very cold or hot. Motion sensors turn off the air and power when not in use. The balcony doors are inter-locked with the A/C so you can't have the door open and the A/C running. For you fellow engineers, bring a phillips screwdriver and a small amount of duct tape, it is a standard magnetic interlock and you can have both A/C and the door open. Only two cockroaches the first night, the previous guests must have kept open food in the room. The satellite TV kept going out on a number of stations and was fuzzy on others. Who's there to watch TV anyways. The grounds are absolutley beautiful. It is a very large resort, so be prepared to walk alot. The trains run an average of 12-14 minutes round trip during the day. At night, we waited up to 25 minutes. The beach and pool area are also very nice. One note, the included beach activities, sailing, windsurfing, etc. are not owned by the hotel. It is a private contractor. It took 6 days and a meeting with the Director Of Hotel Management just to get a sailboat for one hour. The food is very good. If you cannot find something here between the buffets and the goumet resturants, stay out of the Caribbean. Some of the wait staff in the gourmet resturants were very anti-american.Good luck getting a re-fill of water or wine. The casino is small, 40 slots, 6 blackjack, 2 poker, and 4 roullette tables. Absolutly NO SERVICE. If you are american, get up and get your own drink. The two bartenders will totally ignore you also. The nightly shows are pretty good for what they have to work with. This is not Las Vegas and they try their best. Beware of going out shopping. We called for a cab to take us to town, $10 USD, and the hotel put us in a Free ride. Don't fall for this one. The majority of the guests are spanish or latino. The US$ is the preferred currency, but as an american, you will wait and be ignored with guests continually cutting in in front of you. Most of the bartenders or staff are helping the spanish speaking people behind you without your knowledge. 90% of the staff are very friendly and courteous. It's the last 10% that made our decision, we will never go back. Hope this helps. P.S. You have to see Emilio at the Caribe side main bar. He will make you smile!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>tropical paradise resort grounds, rooms lobbies were all 5+ ratings. On most days service was very good although you need to have patience. The food was very good in the Japanese, chinese,gourmet and mexican. The rest were poor in quality, especially the Itallian. breakfasts were very good many things to choose from (fresh pastries, fruits.omelets cereals, fresh juices). As for the beaches they were very nice water is full of seaweed should be cleaned. Entertainment was the usual on stage performances with dancing, singing etc. Hotel reception needs improvement. We had requested a oceanfront room and said we would be put on list to switch rooms. We never received call saying room was available or not. Would i return to this resort? probably not.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Holiday! We were three families visiting this resort and we thoroughly enjoyed it. One of our first priorities are restuarants - we loved the variety and couldnt even cover all of them in a week - we will just have to go back. (eventhough I have always said I wouldnt go back to the same resort twice - this does make that exception). The resort is big, so study your map beforehand and stay at the pool that is closest to your room. Make use of the trains - just find out where each one goes to and you will soon figure the place out. The teens in our group got a little bored at night - not enough on for them. More water/pool games organised would be a request too - we found we had to make our own games up which was fine since there were a few of us however, it makes decisions all the easier when things are already planned. Muslei for breakfast and fruit smoothies would have been nice but generally the food was very good. The grounds are beautiful and very well kept. We found the people very helpful. We loved the quantity of deck chairs and shade - non of this rushing down to save your space even when the place was busy. We were there during March Break! The beach is close by and the washrooms were all immaculate. Great holiday and would consider going again, which is a first for us!!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very relaxing trip!!! We just returned from the DR last week. we were pretty nervous after reading some of the reveiws!we had a great time..you need to realize things do move slower on the island especially being used to the NY pace...we did the horseback riding on the beach and were dissapointed at the treatment of the horses -they looked emaciated!..on the way there we stopped at other hotels to pick up people and lets just say you should be very happy to be staying at the Melia!! the food was ok you can't expect gourmet cuisine, but overall it was good..we were pretty scared about getting sick from the food but luckily we had no problems...It's easy to see how one can get sick from the food if you eat the fried tacos, fried plantains and the fried meat patties...just be smart in your food choices..the pools were large and lovely..the beach clean and the water was clear...best tip ever bring lots of single dollar bills for tipping they really appreciate it...use sunscreen the sun is realy strong!! oh the golf course was beautiful and the golf staff was ..the spa if thats what you want to call it needs help, the treatments were a little dissapointing but this is not a hotel known for it's spa..overall very relaxing and great weather!!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a blast! We had a blast. I won the trip from work, my boss let me pick the place, and I couldn't be happier. We were there from Feb 22 to Feb 29. The weather was great, the room clean, and the food - while different from what we're used to - was awesome. Had to wait for dinner at the Seafood place one night, but because we were knuckleheads, not because of staff errors. The grounds are fantastic, and I couldn't believe how hard everyone seemed to work at making sure we (the guests) had a good time. Jose Miguel at the Tropical Pool bar was our favorite - had the drinks ready by the time we got to the bar. I'd go again tomorrow.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thought it was great! Well to start off i totally disagree with some of the other people's comments! My husband and i vistied this hotel last year for our honeymoon! We had a wonderful time from the complimentary champagne to the beautiful room. Yes, in all honesty the food wasn't the greatest and me be a very picky eater still found myself full after meals. I thought the Japanese and the chinese and mexican were the best there. Check in was a brezze, if you go onto solmelia website you can join the MAS program which has a lot of benefits whichs includes a special check in desk. The grounds were gorgeous and the hotel has a special trolly to take you back and forth to your hotel room. The staff was very friendly, i also didn't have any problems like others had. So no complaints in that area. The pool and beach area were also wonderful, they have staff around the pool braiding hair and doing arts and crafts. The beach was so nice and they have enough chairs for everyone and even have shady areas if your not to fond of the sun. They also have plenty of water sports to accomadate everyone needs. I found this hotel to be top notch, the only real complaint was the food everything else i found to be 5 star. Also, my girlfriend just went to 4 differnt hotels in punta cana and also found this one the nicest. If anyone has any questions feel free to email me.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just got back I just got back from the Melia Caribe in Punta Cana. I- like some others- read the reviews before I left and was worried a little bit. Ironically the least of my worry was the food- even though some of the reviews I had read regarding the food were pitiful. I figured how bad could it be? Well I can't stress enough how downright awful AWFUL awful it was... I mean the worst food I've ever seen or eaten in my life-no kidding. And it's not because I live in NY. There were others from all over- that thought it was terrible. Other people we spoke with were sick, and they told us they knew of others who were in the medical center. Basically the only thing edible was the bread, pasta, chicken, and rice. No lie.... If that isn't bad enough eating in general was a problem. The restaurants at night were also terrible and most you had to wait 1-2 hours to sit down. Then once you did sit to enjoy a good meal-it always turned out to be worse than the one's before.. Other than that we had no other problems. The place was beatiful-grounds gorgeous-clean-pool was wonderful. People were nice. Although-my friend and I know Spanish. If you don't know any Spanish you may have trouble ordering food or a drink-because they will not understand...oh and bring lots of cash with you-even though its all inclusive. You will want to tip (bring 30-50 singles) because it is impossible to get American cash there-they never had american cash at the bank and the ATM they did have only gave peso's.. Overall it was a good trip-but if you stay here plan on not eating....oh and bring snacks because they don't serve ANY...NOTHING in between the designated meals and even then the food is scarce.. Other people we met in the airport- that stayed at other hotels said their food was really bad too-so it may just be conducive to this island. Basically I would book my trip somewhere else if you are considering going away. There are many other beatiful islands that you can stay at and the food is good-and just as beautiful. Jennifer  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Athena5
<Content>Big disappointment DEFINITELY NOT THE PLACE TO GO if you're looking for a 5-star resort. We stayed for two weeks and had to beg, plead (and practically steal) anything we needed. The grounds and the beach are lovely - but everything else is ONE-STAR, at best. If you're hoping for anything more, you will be very disappointed. If you need anything, from something as trivial as more towels, to something more important like air conditioning or electricity, you will be on the phone for an hour talking to at least 7 different people, if you're lucky enough for them not to hang up on you or put you on 'hold' - forever. I was transferred several times for every call I made (even when I made my request in Spanish) and I still wasn't guaranteed to get to the party I needed. I was once transferred to the man at the front gate when requesting to place a long distance call . . . very frustrating. Another couple travelled to the Melia with us and we both were surprised at how poorly guests were treated. It was common to hear guests in the lobby complaining about the resort. The staff doesn't seem to take concerns seriously and routinely LIED to get on with other matters. For example, we were upgraded to an ocean-front room because our initial room was filthy and many things were broken or in disrepair (the fridge didn't work, the bathtub bottom was worn right through, tiles were missing in the bathroom, the furniture looked like it had been beaten with a belt buckle, handles were missing from cupboards, the furniture was dirty and stained, the ceiling fan light flickered on and off without warning and looked like it was going to swing off onto the bed . . . ). I was promised by Max at Reception that we would be moved to better rooms the next day at 11:00 a.m. (I finally got to Max after spending several hours on the phone, talking to several different people about the state of our rooms.) I waited to be moved the next day at 11:00 a.m. and no one showed up. I called the front desk asking when Max would be moving us and, guess what? Max wasn't even working that day and hadn't left a note for anyone! So I spent more hours on the phone repeating what I had done the day before. Finally, I insisted on speaking to the hotel manager. At least three different staff members told me THEY were the hotel manager, until finally I talked to someone who REALLY seemed to be the hotel manager. Who knows, maybe he wasn't either. In any event, we and the other couple met with him (Johnny Fare at extension 6001) and his assistant Kristal (extension 6218) to discuss switching to another hotel because we were so dissatisfied at this point (I'm trying to be brief, but there were many things besides the rooms that were unsatisfactory to us at the five-star rates we were paying - the food was horrible and lacked variety, the distance between places was tedious, they don't serve beverages to you on the beach or around the pool and the bars aren't nearby - at most other five-stars, this is a given). The hotel manager refused to return our money in order to allow us to switch hotels but he did promise to upgrade our rooms. We were upgraded that day to an ocean-front room but our friends had to call for two more days before they were moved. Even then, the rooms were no hell - they just had a better view. I would definitely AVOID this resort. To be fair, the grounds and beach are very nice, but nothing else justified the five-star price and rating of this hotel. I'd highly recommend checking out another place.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great trip overall, with some concerns I just returned fromthe Melia Caribe Tropicale after spending a week there with a group of 82 customers and co-workers. Overall, we had a excellent trip. Check-in was a breeze. The hotel had room keys waiting at a side table for all members of our group. I was in my room within ten minutes of arrival. We had a private dinner at Le Gourmet for our group that evening. The service was excellent, but the food was marginal. The weather was very windy all week (no fault of the hotel), so beach activity was limited. We spent most days relaxing at the pool with friends. No complaints there. Some in our group went speed-boating, horseback riding and on the jeep excursion. Most enjoyed these activities. A couple of incidents stand out, one positive and one not. On the second night of our vacation, my wife lost her diamond tennis bracelet. We looked everywhere and assumed it had fallen off while we were dancing at the Tropicale bar. Although she was quite upset, the odds of anyone turning it in were nil. Two days later, we were amazed to find it sitting on the table in our room. The chambermaid had found it while cleaning the room and placed it neatly there. This incident speaks volumes for the integrity of the Dominican staff. Needless to say, we thanked her profusely and rewarded her generously. Another guest had carelessly left his billfold with all his cash lying on the table when he left his room. When he returned hours later, the maid was waiting with an armed guard. Once he counted his money and assured them nothing was missing, they left. Throughout our stay, we found the staff warm and eager to please. The other incident occurred when one member of our group broke his leg badly while horseback riding. He was forced to walk (with assistance) off the beach and taken to the local hospital by cab. No stretcher or ambulance were to be found. Once at the hospital, however, he was treated very well and underwent surgery the next day. The private hospital was first-class, as were the Cuban and Spanish surgeons. The real problems with this hotel are food and management. The food at most restaurants was marginal. On one evening, my group of eight, signed in at La Maison at 7PM. We were told that the wait would be an hour or so. We didn't receive our meals until almost 10:30, and even then most of the orders were wrong. The morning reservations system for the Japanese restaurant was also a fiasco. None of these problems are the fault of the staff. These are management issues. Overall, I'd give this vacation a 7 out of 10. My company had already rebooked this hotel for next year's trip, but based on comments from our customers, we have cancelled our return trip and will book another resort.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Julay
<Content>Perfect getaway, great price, overall fantastic!!               More photos  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax - You'll have a great time OK. Since I read so many reviews on this board before leaving for the Melia, I now feel compelled to give others the benefit of my experience. Like others, I was wary of what I was getting myself into based on the mixed reviews.I went with my family and two other families during the February school break (2/14-2/21). We were a total of 15 people, 3 kids each family, kids ages ranging from 11 to 18. I travel at least once a year to the Caribbean or Mexico. Based on many reviews I've read I was preparing for the worst, thinking that a party of 15 Long Islanders would be entering into the worst nightmare of their lives. We all booked the trip through Apple Vacations.Summary: We had a blast.Check-In: We arrived at about 9:30 pm so there were very few people checking in at the time. Based on other reviews, I really thought I would be testing both my Spanish skills and my patience at check-in. Everyone at the front desk spoke good English and couldn't be more accommodating. We were worried because we were three families with two rooms each (one for the parents and one for the kids) and wanted all the rooms to be in the same area. The place is very spread-out so this was a big concern for us. We had the travel agent instruct the Melia of our request before we went, but we still worried that the request would go unnoticed. Unnecessary worrying. All our rooms were together. Before arriving, we requested king-size beds for the adults and two doubles for the kids. When I got to my room, it also had two doubles instead of a king. I told the front desk and they were very willing to switch my room to another with a king bed, but I liked the location of the room so said forget it. We pushed the two double beds together and it was fine. The other 5 rooms in our party had no issues.Bracelets: If you're over 18 you get a blue bracelet. If you're under 18 you get a red bracelet, but as long as you look 15 you can get a blue bracelet. Drinking and gambling age is 18, but if you look at least about 15 and have a blue bracelet, you're ordering Mai Tais and playing Blackjack.Rooms: The rooms are a decent size but are appointed with only the bare minimums. The beds were fine (no back-ache). The A/C worked very well. There was no clock in my room (all the other rooms had a clock) but I didn't bother asking for one since I carry a travel clock anyway. There's a fridge in every room. There's also a safe, but most of us couldn't get it to work. The front desk admitted that they were having a problem with the electronics on many of the safes. One of our party had them come to fix it and they eventually came, but never fixed it.Service: We found everyone to be very pleasant. They try very hard but move slowly. If there's a problem that you need someone to come to your room for they will tell you 20 minutes we be there. Forget it. 2 hours is more like it. OK, so now you know and you anticipate this. To me, it generally was typical Caribbean service - no worse than you get in many other Caribbean resorts I've been to. With the exception of the housekeeping staff, we found almost everyone spoke good English. Most of the staff smile often and joke around with you. It definitley helps to try to speak some Spanish - they appreciate it.Housekeeping: We gave the housekeeper a tip when we first arrived, but it seemed like there was a different housekeeper every day. We left a couple of bucks with some Hershey Kisses for her almost every day. Had no problems with towels, toilet paper or refilling the water. When we ran out of water and cups one day, we left a note in Spanish to the housekeeper to please give us more. She stocked us to the hilt. It helps to bring a Spanish dictionary with you. Learn how to say towels and toilet paper.Bars: We spent a lot of time here. We didn't find any of the bartenders ignoring us, and thought they were very responsive. If the bar is crowded, you have to make yourself noticed to get a drink -- no different than any crowded bar in the US. Most of the time, the bars weren't crowded at all. When we first got there, I was tipping the bartenders all the time, but quickly saw that service was good whether you tipped them or not. I still occasionally gave a few bucks here and there and it is very much appreciated. The liquor offered was good -- Stoly, Absolute, Jonnnie Walker Red, Dewars, CC, Bicardi light and dark (and Bicardi 150 at most bars). At the Sports Bar inside the casino they also had JW Black and Chivas. If you want a drink made with a brand liquor, ask for it by name otherwise you?ll get the bar crap. I don't understand what other reviewers were saying about the drinks being watered down. If you want the drink stronger, just ask for it! Mas fuerte means stronger in Spanish. They'll pour 'em as strong as you want 'em. We?re a drinking crowd, and the drinks not being strong enough was never an issue. I thought the local Presidente beer on tap was also very good.Grounds: Even the most negative reviews talk about how beautiful the grounds are. They truly are. The landscaping crew is constantly out clipping and trimming. The place is kept immaculately clean. The place is huge, it will take you a couple of days to get yourself oriented. I highly recommend bringing a good pair of walkie-talkies if you're going with a bunch of people - we found them to be a lifesaver. You will definitely do a lot of walking. The tram runs every 15 minutes but if it wasn't there waiting for us we just walked. And the walking is really very pleasant -- except -- the fake cobblestone cement paths are very slippery when wet and very uneven under your feet. Women leave your high heels at home.Food: The food was the worst part of the trip, but I have to say not as bad as I anticipated. General rule of thumb: if they're making it front of you it's got a real good shot at being decent. There is some scary looking stuff on these buffets. Breakfast was fine -- eggs to order, good bacon every other day, fresh waffles, lots of breads. Lunch was the worst, but there was always something you could find to eat. For lunch they always had a pasta station where you could get several kinds of pasta with a few choices of sauce (if you like pasta in fresh garlic and oil, ask for it -- they usually can do that for you but it's not one of the obvious choices). And if the pizza was fresh it wasn't bad, although some of the toppings they choose are pretty bizarre and the cheese they use has a sour taste. There was also usually a carving table of some sort. Lots of good fruit at breakfast and lunch. Our rooms were closer to the beach so we ate breakfast and lunch at either The Turey Grill or the Agora Grill. Same food, same layout. For dinner, absolutely stick to the a al carte restaurants. We found the Japanese and Le Gourmet to be the best -- we ate twice at each of them. The only restaurant you can make reservations for is the Japanese. People start lining up in the Caribe lobby at 8:00 am and they start taking names at 9:00 am. If you're a large party, make sure you have one person representing each room (there is some latitude here, but you won't have to plead if you have more than one person). Le Maison was also good. We also ate at the Mexican buffet which wasn't bad. Avoid La Gondola (Itallian). Like with any all-inclusive, after a week you're sick of the food.Beach: Beautiful beach, fine white sand. There is a lot of seaweed on the shore and in the first 10 feet or so of water but the crew is constantly raking it up. We never found it to be a problem. Once you're out 10 feet or so from the shore, the seaweed's gone. Also, look down the shoreline in each direction. Depending on how the current is running there are areas on the beach that have very little seaweed in the water. You can tell by the difference in the color of the water.Topless Sunbathing: Yes, you will see topless women. Big deal.Pools: There are really two main pools. They are huge and never crowded. Each pool has a bar in it. I read in one review about blasting Spanish music in the pool area which had me worried. Don't worry about it -- it's only at the pool bar and once you move away from the bar the sound mutes out to nothing. It's not even that loud at the bar itself.Casino: The casino is small (~6 Blackjack tables, 2 Carribean Poker tables, 2 Roulette tables and a bunch of slots) but we never had a problem getting a table, particularly after 11:00 pm or so. All the tables are $5 minimum which is perfect if you're gambling for entertainment. The dealers are stone-face cold. It was fun to try to get them to crack a smile. They pretend they don't speak English, but as soon as our table started talking about A-Rod going to the Yankees, suddenly the dealer was talking baseball in fluent English. Honestly, I don't think it's the dealers themselves -- I think they're instructed and trained to be that way.Golf: The golf was fantastic. We played early in the day (7:00 am tee time) and were through 18 in 4 hours or less. There are three 9's -- white, blue and red. We thought the blue was the prettiest with lots of water. The red was the toughest. Any combo of 9's you get will be fine. You'll love it.Horseback Riding: Find a woman named Mercedes. If you're a good rider and want to run the horses, tell her you want to go to the ranch that's about 20 minutes away by van. I can't remember the name of it. There's another ranch right next to the Melia which is the one they will normally take you to. In fairness, I can't say how that ranch is, but I know the one that we went to (20 minutes away) was great. For the entire hour we rode along the beach in the direction of the Melia. After about 1 hour we were at the Meila beach, dismounted, and went to our rooms. The ranch hands took all the horses back. No kidding -- we ran the horses longer than we walked -- all along the shoreline. We went at 6:00 pm so right as we got the Melia it was dark. Perfect. It was great. The horses were very good -- if you wanted to pull away from the pack and stroll on your own, they responded well.Overall: You'll have a great time. You'll deal with the food, you'll always find something to eat. Be patient with some of the slow service you may encounter. If anything, it's only slow; we never, ever found it rude. You're on vacation ? relax and enjoy it.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was an okay getaway This was our first trip to Punta Cana and probably our last. First off the resort is beautiful, very clean and the landscaping is gorgeous. The people are very nice and some spoke good english and others had a hard time understanding what we were asking. Out of a 5 the food was a 3. There was a big selection of places to eat but they were just okay. We didn't get sick so that's a plus. The room was okay except for the fact they gave us double beds and for our second honeymoon one big bed would of been nice! They were booked lots of big corporate functions and weddings that weekend. The weather was great sunny and hot 80-85. The beach not at all what we thought, it was clean in the resort section but there was lots of seaweed and the water was cloudy. Not what we expected we thought it'd be clear and you could see your feet. The week we were there I was in the ocean once! The casino is really small and there were about 20 slots and a few black jack and roulette tables. Oh yeah the resort is huge so bring comfy shoes. From our room to the lobby was about a 10-15 minute walk. (We were in section 27 near beach and pool) They had a train like vehicle you can take with various stops within the resort. We wouldn't go back because of that fact and the ocean and food. We're going to try other places and stick to our number one vacation spot we rate number one so far. Feel free to email me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>melia- yummy the melia was a beautiful, wonderful resort. the people that worked in restaurants and hotels were fabulous and nice-- try to speak spanish!! tip your maids and servers, folks, they make ~$5/ day!! the food is fantastic- the best i've had at an all inclusive!the layout is a little confusing- and it's a long walk to some rooms- but we all need exercise and they have a trolley if you want to use it.take advantage of the water aerobics on the beach and the free dance lessons.enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing!!!!!! I would like to start by saying how truely amazing this resort is!!! My husband and I travelled to this resort Jan 22-29 for our honeymoon and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. If there was one thing I had to complain about, it would be that 7 days there is not long enough. We had perfect weather, which makes for a more enjoyable vacation. The food was great. I had a little trouble getting used to the taste of their dairy products like butter and cheese, but then again we are spoiled with our meat and dairy products living in Canada. The restaurants were beautifully decorated and the service was great even with the language barrier. After reading other reveiws that the food was poor and the service poorer I would like to ask if perhaps these individuals were royalty themselves??? I mean come on, you are on a vacation... RELAX!!!!! I found that a quick friendly smile and the occasional tip went a long way. They really appreciated my efforts in ordering in Spanish. Tipping will definitely get you a lot further here. They don't treat you any less if you don't tip them, but when I did, especially at the beach bar, they would seee me coming from the way down at the sand and have my drink ready. My husband and I enjoy drinking while on vacation and there is no lack of drink variaties here. All were made fresh and definitely not watered down. I drank a lot of champ/OJ (mi mosa). The beach was perfect, a lot of fun and yet very relaxing. Not over crowded at all. The water was warm and inviting in both the pool and the ocean. The pool side got a little too hot for me, so I usually hung out on the beach where there was more of a breeze, besides the pool bar was a little risky!!! I could go on and on forever about this resort, but one thing is for sure, we will be back first chance we get, before I try any other resort. ONe word of advice would be to take many american ones and fives for tipping. The maid loved chocolates, toiletries, etc... I had tipped her daily and we always had fresh towels, tons and fully stocked mini bar, not to mention all the flowers everyday. ONe thing that also made our trip more enjoyable was we were upgraded to a villa right down by the beach and when we went to the other end for dinners and nifght life it seemed like we were at two resorts and never got bored. HAVE FUN AND A DRINK FOR ME!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Travel Agent rave We went the Melia last March and loved it so much we are going back in April. I am a TRAVEL AGENT and I always tell people what a great deal this resort offers. There is something to do for everyone. Don't listen to all the negative remarks I find them to be untrue. I have been all over in the Carribbean and for an all-inclusive plan this has so many restaurants to offer. Enjoy your vacation and do not listen to the negative people!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Enjoyable Relaxing Vacation Actually more like at 4.5 out of 5. My husband and I stayed here 2/12/04 - 2/19/04. Again, like everyone else, we read the reviews here and on Debbie's Dominican. We were concerned about the negative reviews, but we decided to try it out. We arrived at the airport smoothly, came off the plane and went right on to a shuttle for Apple vacations that was dropping vacationers off at their resorts. We checked in smoothly and received a room by the pool/steakhouse. Very ideal location. The pool was great, very clean every morning and the grounds were simply AMAZING. Always clean, filled with gorgeous trees and flowers. There were ducks and peacocks and flamingos. Without a doubt some of the most beautiful scenery I have ever seen. The people are very nice that work there. They appreciate your attempt to speak their language. They also appreciate tips, money, American chocolate/cookies/food, and tee shirts with sports logos on it. Juan at the steakhouse bar is the best bartender there, very sweet and hard working. The room was nice and clean as were the bathrooms. Maid service was good - we did tip $4 every other day along with food and tee shirts. The beach was spectacular and clean. Gorgeous water with nice breezes ? all the time. Both the pool and the ocean were slightly cold temps. The topless beach was something I could do without, especially since most should not have been topless. Also too many men in speedo's that shouldn't be!!! However it made for funny pictures. The walks are a bit of a distance to the restaurants if you are close to the ocean, but one tram one way and back and you are there. They are every 15 minutes, so it is very convenient. My husband and I actually walked to and from every night since the weather was gorgeous. It is much easier to be closer to the pool and ocean since you may go back to your room for the bathroom or to rest real quick or even to get something you forgot.Here is the negative about the resort:We got a massage, nothing to write home about. It was not worth the $40 I spent, but it was worth trying.The gym was small with outdated equipment and 2 of the 3 treadmills were broken.The food. I am NOT a picky eater, but my husband is. I managed to find good food for the breakfast buffet and the lunch buffet. Lots of pizza, french fries, rice, pasta and desserts. My husband grew tired of the food. Along with his stomach issues that came, not too bad at first, but became very sick one night and truly never recovered until we were home. HOWEVER - he did not let this ruin his trip, you are on a vacation and should do whatever to enjoy oneself and he did just that! The other restaurants that were a la carte were fair. I was able to get a decent meal at each, but not what you would hope for on a vacation. It was sort of like a cafeteria caliber food. The Italian lunch and dinner were by far an 8 out of 10. High recommended. The worst was the steakhouse - not good at all. You can pretty much find something at every place, when it doubt, go with safe food, pasta station, chicken, pizza.Lots of kids - most of which are rude. They pretty much take control of the pool 2pm and after.The fruity drinks, not great, too sweet or too strong. Banana Mama and Miami Vice were pretty good. Stick with El Presidente beer - quite good. My husband also enjoyed lemon juice (lemonade) and absolute.All the negatives are things that are easily overlooked. The only thing that would be considered major is the food. Unless food is really important to you and makes your whole vacation.Overall I would recommend the resort, but I would not go back, too many other places in the world to see. If you are going to Punta Cana and you want to go someplace beautiful with nice people and nice accommodations, than the Melia Caribe Tropical is for you.Please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not listen to the bad reviews! We just returned this week from the best holiday of our lives! I am a fussy, well-travelled person who has lived and been to several resorts world-wide. I took my two children and met my parents and we all felt the same way! Yes, adopt the attitude that the service is typically relaxed (it is very hot!) and that eventually you will get what you want, It does help to try and speak a bit of Espanol! You may get 2 different answers to one same question. The staff were extremely friendly and were so nice to my kids. The food, we found was great at breakfast and lunch, with plenty to choose from, but you do have to choose wisely at dinner. Our favorites were the Mexican Buffet, the International, and the a la carte restaraunts of the Seafood, and the Japanese, ( which you must book on the day--line up in the lobby at around 8:30a, for your choice in times!) The rooms were clean and well-stocked--tip youir maid 1-2 dollars daily and she will keep you stocked with fresh towels, water and soda. We gave our extra waters and sodas each day to the, green men --the gardeners slaving away in the heat on the magnificent grounds. Do not bring too elegant clothes and NO HEELS!! You will be sorry!The choo choo trains are fun and convenient--just remember which side you are on, Caribe or Tropical, and take the train when returning to your room from the lobby of which side you are on!We absolutely adored the pool and the beach and would come back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Place!!!! My wife and I visited the Melia Caribe in Feb 02. We absolutely loved it. The grounds are absolutely beautiful. The couple we traveled with have been traveling the caribbean for 20 plus years and have said the have never been to such a beautiful resort. As for the people saying that the staff is rude, not in our case. Everyone we dealt with was pleasant and friendly and more than patient when it was obvious we didnt speak spanish, the employees even gave me some spanish lessons on the spot. A quick tip to get fast service when the lobby bar is busy:When you first arrive, find a bartender and tip him handsomely, $5 USD, is handsome from their prespective and tell him you will take care of him when he serves you. I never waited in line for a drink and I tipped him $1 USD about every other round. Not a high price to pay. Plus the drinks were far from watered down. The used all top shelf liquor, ie:Canadian Club, Tanguery Gin, Bacardi Rums, etc. The food was good, both the buffet and a la carte restaurants. The Mexican restaurant was the best! The resort is HUGE but there is 2 trains that service the whole resort and there is numerous stops that you can catch it at. Walking around the resort is nice also, especially at night when the stars are out in the thousands and its a beautiful 75 degrees out. The pools and beach are beautiful as well. There is really no need to leave the resort, but if you want to do some shopping you can stroll down the beach (to the south) about a 1/2 mile to find a small beach front shopping area. Go see my pal there, Loco de Amore, if you need cigars or rum. Overall our experience at the Melia Caribe/Tropical was outstanding and we are planning on returning.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation  my wife,myself and three other couples enjoyed a week of great golf,sun and relaxsation...The rooms were mini suites with and outside patio,mini bar and a large bathroom,lots of tile and very clean...The beach is one of the nicest anywhere and the water was beautiful..calm The restaurants on the most part were good..we always found something good to eat...even the buffets were good,all the waiters speak very little english but it wasn't a problem,they were all very nice and wanted us to teach them english ,as they taught us spanish words....The golf was very nice 27 holes they switch you around each day so you get to play all the 9's...The property is absolutly beautiful,you can enjoy it while you take the tram from the main lobby to your room.In the evening after dinner,we went to the casino or watched a stage show...Overall I would recomend this resort, i'm sure our group will be back...  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My experience at the Melia Caribe My sister and I stayed at the Melia Caribe from Jan. 18-25, 2004. Every couple of years we leave our husbands at home and go on a Caribbean vacation together. This is the first time that we stayed at an all-inclusive. The Melia has the most beautiful grounds of anywhere we've stayed. The staff does an excellent job of maintaining it; no dead leaves or branches, no trash, etc. While walking the grounds we saw peacocks, herons, roosters and flamingoes. The beach is beautiful and was raked every morning to get rid of the seaweed that washed up. The pools are also beautiful with a lot of chairs. Our room was average and very clean. The maid left fresh flowers on the vanity every day. The weather was perfect, mid 80s every day and no humidity. It is true that if you don't like to walk, this may not be the resort for you. Our villa was near the beach/pool, and it was a 10-12 minute walk to the lobby and then a few more minutes to the restaurants. There is a train which we rode a few times. Biggest disappointment was the food (since this was my first all-inclusive, don't know if the food was typical or not). After my first morning at the beach breakfast buffet, I stuck with fresh fruit and some of the breads. We only ate lunch twice, both times at the La Gondola buffet. It was quite good, the food that was supposed to be warm/hot actually was (unlike the breakfast buffet). We ate all evening meals at ala carte restaurants. The Capri (seafood) and the Chinese restaurants were good. There was a noticeable lack of vegetables at all meals, so I was hoping the Japanese restaurant stir fry would be different. You need to make reservations for the Japanese restaurant, and the lobby reservation desk opens at 9 am. We got there at 8:45 and there were already 20 people ahead of us in line. The only vegetable in the stir fry was mushrooms (bummer), but the group of people we sat with was a lot of fun. Both my sister and I thought the staff were very friendly. We don't speak Spanish but seemed to muddle along OK. We did not have any problems with check-in or with our room, so we were lucky in that regard. We did not run into anyone selling time shares, probably because we were 2 women rather than a husband  wife. Nice to sit on the beach and not have vendors harass us. There was one small beach market if you wanted to buy that kind of stuff. I usually drank beer or orange juice  champagne, so I don't know whether the other drinks were made weak. I agree with some other reviewers: this is NOT the United States, so don't expect everything to be just like at home. We saw some rude people, most of whom I took to be North Americans based on their accent, getting all bent out of shape because a bartender or waitress didn't understand their order. This is a vacation - so what if the bartender doesn't make your drink exactly as you wanted it??? Just order another one. Another disappointment was the night life. The lobby shows were somewhat repetitious since they have to rely on dancing (too many different languages in the audience to do jokes, etc.) After the show ended, that seemed to be it. The Tropical has a pub/disco, and maybe that was more active. All in all, it was basically what we wanted - beautiful resort, great weather, perfect beach. But not sure I'd do another all-inclusive.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Every vacation has potential pitfalls It has been months since my boyfriend's family and I vacationed at this resort (June 2003,) but after reading some of the reviews I'm compelled to throw in my two cents.Firstly, if you have booked or are thinking of booking at this resort, you should keep these obvious things in mind before you start to get ansy about this place:1. everyone is going to have a different experience. The gripes listed on this site are legit and could easily happen on any trip- anywhere in the world to anybody. (no matter how much the trip costs.)2. everyone has different standards- whatever that may mean.3. everyone has different priorities while on vacation. So please don't over look this fact while reading about people's dislikes.At any rate, this was my first trip to Hispanola so I had absolutely no idea what to expect. After traveling extensively through other areas of the world I've learned that vacations aren't always what you've dreamt them to be and knowing this- the melia caribe tropical could easily be a disappointment to someone who expected a hassle-free tropical vacation of their dreams.But I found it charming, beautiful and to be just what I had been needing. Like many others, we too had a bit of a glitch checking in but it was soon rectified and we were free to look around. And please- look around. It is an amazing place to wander. That's why I can't believe so many people have complained about walking around this resort. You couldn't find a more spectacular place to walk if you tried. In the heat of the day- it's not always a pleasure, but by and large- not really something to get over-wrought about. There is a train service but it's leasurely paced.The food is marginal to be sure. (I'm extremely snobby- yet adventuous-about food and I found that there are some gems in this resort if you search.) No one has mentioned the Mexican restaurant on here. Do try that. The chicken and steak soft tacos that they make fresh off the grill are truly amazing- even by my palate! In our group of 12 people- everyone in our group found something they enjoyed at this restaurant. (Even the picky, not willing to try anything strange, eaters.)Also, try the seafood restaurant. The lobsters are very tasty and the ambiance provides a slightly more romantic setting than some of the other restaurants.The Chinese restaurant was by far the worst. I'm not sure what our meal really was to be honest. The help was cute and friendly though, so that was the only positive point in my dining experience there.The Japanese restaurant was fine- but not awesome. If you go there and expect to have a typical Benihana meal- you might leave a bit disappointed. It's habachi-style, but it's not quite the same. All and all- it's entertaining and the people who work the grill are cute and friendly too.The beaches and pools at this resort are very very good. If you want a leisurely beach vacation bronzing in the sun, or snorkling...this is a great place for you. You can also go horseback riding on the beach. Very fun.Our rooms were of fine size and the mini-fridge was restocked daily with bottled water and pop. Tip your maids if you want the luxe treatment...my boyfriend and I forgot that and we never got any fresh flowers or fruit in our room. His parents did tip- daily- and their room was always decorated with flowers.I'd have to say, the casino was a mixed bag. WATCH your dealer...they do cheat. Just keep your eyes peeled and watch the house if you're going to play cards of any kind. I had quite a bit of fun playing roulette there. Although if you speak Spanish- don't let the dealer know. You'll have more fun listening to them make stupid comments about you under their breath...then call them out on it later-- after you've won. I earned their respect that way and they were all very cool after that.I guess in total, I had a great time. Although as long as you go with people you love, you should have a great time too. Oh and yes! Try the spas...you have to pay extra...but it's well worth it.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bathrooms are Beautiful The view, facilities, and bathrooms are breathtaking. In fact the first day of arrival I even took snapshots of the lobby and our room washroom- with towels trimmed with tropical flowers and floor to ceiling polished marble finishes. Perhaps this was an omen, I did not intend to spend so much of my vacation time in the washrooms located throughout this spectacular resort. Almost all 25 people from our group had the runs and number were violently ill as well. In fact during my numerous visits to the the washrooms I met other travellors or heard the sounds of others who were very ill as well. It was interesting to find out while checking in at airport for our return home, that travellors from other hotels did not experience this same problem. I have been home for 3 days now and I am still running down the hallway.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Experience at the Melia Tropical Just got back from Melia Tropical on Feb 13,2004. My husband and I went for 1 week. Lets start with the first day we got there, we were without a room until 8pm in the evening after numerous times going to the lobby to get our keys reprogrammed, lets remember the lobby is about 15minutes away from our room ...we went back and forth 6 times and still the cards did not work...finally they got someone to come to the room with a device to fix it...could they have not done that from the beginning...It was very very frusturating!!!! The food is not that great, breakfast was horrible, make sure you get your eggs done on the spot and get them well done with not sooo much oil.. they use way to much oil, the lunches were ok..the only ok food was the french..la maison. Overall my husband and I disliked the food. The service was ok..nobody quite understands English...besides the front desk. Everything seems such a challenge. The property is absolutely beautiful....well maintained..very clean. and very very BIG! Be prepared for the YELLOW BRICK ROAD!!!... lots of walking...I go on vacation to relax not to walk..they have the train....but if u miss it u have to wait 15min before the next one comes by..GOOD LUCK!! I definetly dont think this is a 5star...not for the overall picture..the property deserves a 5star..the food and service no way!!! Please rethink and read all the reviews you can because there is alot better in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time          Spa Pool  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved it and I am only 12 carzy hotel food is great, service rocked, shows were awesome, pools were average, drinks were crazy, beach was very nice, rooms were ok people who give bad reveiws whine way way way to much just relax and be happy your plane didnt fall dont worry about a little to much pepper on ur taco or to much cheese in ur omlette.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall a good value We read the reviews before leaving for our vacation, and like many people we had our concerns. However, at the end of our weeks stay, my wife and I agreed that Melia was a good value. Fortunately, we got through our check in pretty quickly. However, our room ended up having two double beds instead of the king size we had reserved. The front desk took care of our problem quickly and pleasantly, and moved us to a great room right next to the pool and the beach. The beaches are simply breathtaking, and the pool is the nicest one that I have ever seen. We didn't ever have a problem finding one of the thatched umbrellas to sit under no matter what time we went to the beach (or the pool). The place is meticulously maintained. There is never a piece of paper or even a cigarette butt to be found on the grounds. The landscaping throughout the entire complex is unbelievably beautiful. The food is just ok. I wouldn't rave about either the buffets or the specialty restaurants, but they were fairly decent. The drinks seemed to be weak although plentiful. The service, like most hotels was inconsistent. There were some wonderful folks there as well as some indifferent ones. The thing that most bothered me was the incredibly persistent sales people. No matter where you went, there was someone selling time shares or vacation plans. They simply wouldn't let up. They even called our room on several occasions. They would wait at the entrance to the different restaurants and lobbies, and descend on hapless patrons. If I wanted to be barraged by sales people I could stay home! Melia was exceptionally pleasing to the eye, but if there was one reason that I wouldn't return to this beautiful place, it would be the irritating sales people. Hopefully, management will take heed and remove them from the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If I didn't have to eat! Just returned (2/7/04) from a week's stay. The physical property is really quite lovely, beach is beautiful as well. Rooms were average to slightly above average. Nice exercise room, although much of the equipment was not in operating order.My main comment is all about the food!!!!While it is great to have the all enclusive drinks, etc. even though the drinks are too sweet and too watered down......it's all about the food!!!!!Three times each day for seven days we have below average food...sometimes even terrible food. Does every hotel in the Domincan Republic have terrible food!!! You've got to be able to look forward at the end of each day to a nice dining experience. Now, to be fair:The staff is adorable, most quite helpful and very friendlyTHE FOOD IS TERRIBLE!Not a hint of this before we left. How disappointing! This vacation was affordable, however, if we had known the price we were going to pay.... THE FOOD IS TERRIBLE.....we would never have gone.In addition: other observations: the staff should be better versed in lanquages. It was difficult to discuss issues with them.Fixing room problems do not get handled in a timely fashion.I would be interested in other comments regarding the food:TR  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing! im only 16 years old went with my family and two others..and i still had the best time of my life..the night life there isnt amazing..but it was the most relaxing amazing trip ive ever been on..me and all my friends are going back next year! ps. Dont believe the haters..YOU GOTTA GO THERE!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is beautiful. The landscaping is gorgeous with hisbiscus and other flowers growing everywhere. The hotel actually consists of the Caribe  the Tropicale so there are two reception/ checkin areas. Trams which look like adult size toy trains run the length of the resort and are easy to catch. The al a carte restaurants are the way to go for dinner ( as you buffet your way thru lunch and breakfast). The pools are huge and both have swim up bars that are hopping as the day goes on. The wine at dinner in the restaurants is of a higher quality just to be aware and blender drinks at the bars can be inconsistent. One note of caution may be to stay away from the drink of the day. Too much free pouring and the recipe is ruined. The beach is beautiful - its federal property so you arent harassed by locals trying to sell you their wares. The rooms are nicely appointed. Small by American standards but the norm for Europeans. The staff is friendly and very helpful - but beware like most Carribean communities - there is less of a sense of urgency. Dont miss the shows nightly on the Caribe side or the live music in the lobby of the Tropicale - you may learn some new dance moves. The hotel offers you a safe in your room to safeguard your valuables and charges $2 USD a day for its use. Make sure you breakfast at the buffet restaurants by the beach - the view is wonderful and the buffet has much variety.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Wonderful Experience After booking our reservation (My husband's Christmas present!) at the Melia Caribe Tropical on the recommendation of our travel agent, we accidentally found TripAdvisor and began to read all of the terrible reviews regarding this property. Needless to say, it caused us concern. We just came back on February 2, 2004 and could not wait to write and give this property a glowing review. Pay no attention to the terrible reviews -- go there and have fun! The grounds are lovely, the beach is fantastic, the pool is beautiful, the staff was courteous and helpful and the drinks flowed freely! The food was good at most places and very good at the Le Gourmet and Le Gondola. The buffet lunch at Le Gondola included everything from breads to pizzas, pastas, grilled vegetables -- just about anything you would want. Our room was clean, plenty of bottled water, etc. and our king-sized bed was very comfortable. There is music everywhere and the employees very often sing with the music!! We do agree with some that there is a lot of walking; however, my husband and I decided that we needed it. We plan to go back!!!!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SchaumburgIL
<Content>Give it time, it grows on you HI...just got back from Melia Caribe Tropical.....had read the reviews and like everyone else was dubious....however, many things were very very nice and some weren't....OUR check-in was very quick....when we got to our room....there was champagne and a full plate of fresh fruit, plus the maid had put fresh flowers everywhere...(hibiscus)...the grounds are beautiful...there is an extreme amount of walking to do, although there is a train that runs through the whole complex....if you so choose...I prefer walking. The buffets suck. The ala carte restaurants were very good...I especially liked the French..red wine (Liria) is good. The bar drinks aren't very good, it took about three days to figure out what to drink...I drank alot of champage... I love my morning coffee, if you do too, you're in trouble...you'll have to walk very far to go get it, and it's extremely strong...but, they give you warm milk to put in it,which actually makes it taste better, so go for it....The beach is gorgeous...the weather was perfect...we had alot of fun, and met tons of nice people......you'll get out of it what you put into it.....  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be prepared It pays to read reviews before you go, but sometimes I wonder if the reviewer was at the same resort I was at!.The worst part of the trip was checking in!. I deliberately took a cab from the airport to beat the check in rush. I arrived at the resort at 11 a.m. , knowing the room would not be ready until 3 p.m. However, I had my travel agent send FOUR requests to have a room near the beach and pool, as I was a heart patient and could not walk too far. I also stressed a king bed for my mate and myself. Naturally, they had me in the farthest possible room from the beach!!. After some heated discussion, they finally agreed to give me a room in cottage 3, near the beach and pool. I went to check it out. People were still in the room at 3 p.m. After returning to the lobby ( a 15 minute ride), I was told at 4 p.m. that the people refused to move out. At 5 p.m. I was told we had a room in cottage 4 (finally, some rest in sight). I should have known better. KING BED....you must be kidding. The staff would say anything you wanted to hear to get rid of you, but then nothing would happen.Now for the good news. The grounds are truly well kept and beautiful, with flamingos, pheasants and gorgeous landscaping. Breakfast was ok, but nothing out of the ordinary. Lunch, the same. I admit that neither my mate nor I were very adventurous about the food, but she did try a few local foods with no ill effect. The best dinners were at Ma Maison (french) and Capri (seafood). Please make sure you wear long pants to these places for dinner, the same for the Japanese. The rest of the places are buffet and admit men in shorts.We found the service mostly acceptable and friendly in the restaurants. The only tipping that I did was for the maid in our room on the second night. The next day, there were flowers and lots of towels (tip - $20.00 for the week).Without a doubt, the casino was the WORST and MOST UNFRIENDLY one I have ever been in, and I've been in many around the world. The dealers wont smile (as if it is forbidden), they make up rules as they go...no standing up from your stool while betting, no moving from one table to another without trading your lower chips for higher denominations, etc. The dealers often cant count, and the pit bosses (?) only correct errors in favor of the house. Watch yourself!. The dealers will often spend time egging on people to make bad bets at blackjack. I saw a dealer taunt a drunk to make a really stupid bet. In another case, a dealer (!) got into a heated arguement with a player when the dealer was clearly wrong. I finally intervened and asked the pit boss to review the camera replay. After a five minute interlude, they reluctantly gave the guy his $5.00 win!. P.S. We won anyway :).Golf was convenient and well organized. The 27 holes are well kept (except for the bunkers which have little sand and few rakes). The greens are fast and tricky. It was a fun course for a tourist course. The blue and white nines are easy, but the red nine is over 3600 yards and mostly into the wind, a real challenge even for the low handicapper.Make sure you bring plenty of bottled water from the hotel, as the cart comes around infrequently.The pool and beach are well kept and not too crowded. If you want a covered mattress area, get up early (7-8). Even then you find people who have left towels from the night before, even though that is not allowed. Snorkeling was supposed to be free, as indeed snorkeling equipment was free. But there is a $15.00 charge (unannounced) for the boat to get you to the snorkeling area, about 10 minutes offshore. Nothing to write home about, but still fun.Overall, after the horror of checkin, the holiday was quite relaxing with a few glitches thrown in to keep life interesting. It helped to learn a few Spanish phrases, as it showed that at least you were trying to accomodate yourself to their culture.Would we return? Maybe, but we would be better prepared the second time around. Cant beat the weather and the grounds!. Room was nice. Food certainly not a five star, but in a few cases quite nice. Beach and pool worthy of a relaxing resort. Golf - not world caliber like Casa de Campo, but then few are! Worth the effort to bring my own clubs. Unless you are a drinker, there is very little in the way of evening entertainment, except for the dreaded Casino!Its a shame that a chain such as Melia cant make an effort to train front desk staff, as that is the first contact point with the arriving guest. Their system for room allocation is haphazard at best, and a possible scam at worst. As for housekeeping, I usually only had to ask 2-3 times before something happened, not bad for the Carribean. Some of the restaurants are well organized, while others are not. The Japanese had hourly sittings, so that they rushed you through your meal, and moved you to another room for dessert, so the next wave could be accomodated. Overall, I would rate the food and food service at 3-31/2 stars. HAVE FUN......  
<Date>Jan 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Money hungry staffers and theiving housekeepers!! Watch out! I went to the Melia Tropicale in February of 2001 on the occassion of my first anniversary.The positive: The grounds were exquisite. The shuttle to take you around the sprawling resort was dependable. Beautiful landscaping and free ranging animals.All the negatives:1 - When we got there they said that they didn't have a reservation for us. When my husband spoke to a manager and produced a $20 tip our reservations suddenly appeared.2- A gold chain and pendant that was passed down to me were stolen from my nightstand when I forgot to put it away before going to the beach. We thought we'd have a better chance of getting it back by asking the maid for it and explaining it's sentimental value ( I speak Spanish).Her response was I'll try but I'm sure it's already lost in the laundry.I never saw it again.We didn't think reporting it to the money hungry management would do any good or justice.3- My husband tipped a concierge to bring me anything special for Valentine's day. She said that she wasn't sure that she could do anything for him - not even flowers. He pleaded with her and tipped more for her to try her best and she said she would.On Valentine's Day we saw tons of guests receiving flowers and gifts and I received nothing.The concierge he dealt with was conveniently unavailable for the rest of our trip. There were countless other incidents - too many to detail here. In short, you are not going to an all-inclusive if you go here. You're going to a third rate hotel where the staff is out to milk you for money in order for you to receive basic included amenities. Leave anything of any value at home if you still decide to go.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Time! Pay No Attention to the Haters! My fiance', and stayed at the Melia Caribe in mid December 2003. We both had a truly amazing time. I had to admit that before departing, I read all those negative comments that were posted and found them to be so far from the truth. What I did come to realize is that the only people who really complain are those from the U.S. I think that many americans go to a third world country, and still expect to be in America. I have read complaints on this message board making comparisons to Puerto Rico, and Mexico which are truly unfair comparisons. Both places have become so americanized. The most beautiful parts of both Puerto Rico, and Mexico are the places where few Americans will visit mostly because they don't speak the language. Your not going to find a get it now mentality in the Dominican Republic, which I happen to find refreshing. No one is in a hurry, and why should they be? Yet in no way does this create a negative impact on the service. The service was great, and I found Dominicans to be fun loving, warm, and very hospitable. The grounds are huge, yet I honestly had no problems walking to my villa which was right off the beach to the restaurants in the main lobby. The food I found to be very good, if you are open to trying new things. I am from New York, and grew up eating latin foods so eating mangu, and salcichon for breakfast was a joy. The music was great. I couldn't believe when I read someone complain about the amount of merengue playing, HELLO where do you think you are? No other people in the world visit another country and complain when they don't hear music from their own land. Its absurd. If you really must know they did play some Techno, Pop, and RB at the disco. If you want a Dominican Experience then this is where you need to go. We loved it so much that we bought into the Sol vacation club and we will definitely be back before the end of 2004.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TonyL The best thing to do if you're planning to stay here is to read all the reviews. You get a very accurate description of this resort. That is - great beach, great pool, beautiful grounds, BUT the downside is - very large grounds and if you are not able to walk a lot then this place is definitely not for you; also, the food is not '5 star' quality and is good at times, other times very average. Worst of all, the service, especially maintenance is awful. If nothing goes wrong you'll have a great vacation but if something does goes wrong (leaky pipes in bathroom, wrong room, busted air conditioner) forget about it!! you'll never get it fixed. Bottom line - if you don't mind a few problems then this is a nice place but if you want that 'perfect' once in a lifetime holiday then stay away!!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back I just couldn't read another terrible review about this resort without responding. I was there last year and haven't been able to stop dreaming of going back! Now, we are making our reservations to return in a few weeks. We traveled with another couple who were just as pleased and excited to return as we are. I think it is a fabulous resort, food was good (much better than most of the reviews), beach was beautiful, people were friendly, drinks were plentiful! I just cannot imagine why these people were not satisfied. I agree with another review that I read, if you are from the Northern US, don't go there. Your reviews scare off all the normal people that would absolutely LOVE this vacation.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Golf Unlike other reviews, we had no problem with check-in. The room was large and as expected. and near the beach pool. Drinks are generous, look out! Food was medium in quality. We were told that the Japanese was the best, but we found their food to be near the bottom of the places we sampled. French (Ma Maison) and Seafood(Capri) were our favorites. The only thing we really didn't like at all was the coffee. All the coffee is made from instant. We played Golf on 3 days and had a great time. The original blue course is entwined in foliage with lots of sand. The red course is very long (500yds more than the other 2), the white course is the newest and very open and beautiful plantings. We met many nice couples from the states and Europe, very easy to meet others. The water was cold to us, but we're used to the Gulf of Mexico water.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Went scared, came back pleased After reading the reviews on this site I started this trip regretting my choice. We stayed at the Melia (Caribe side) Jan 15- 20. After a slight confusion on check in, we truely had a great week. We played beach volleyball every morning and afternoon, and went to the pool (bar) in between. Neither My husband or I speak spanish, but when there was any confusion the staff seemed to figure it out if we were patient with them. My Only WARNING IS THIS: If you are a picky, rude, impatient person - GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. No, the food is not top notch and meals are served slower than we are used to in the US, but you are not in the US, so deal. Have a drink, start a conversation with those around you - this was an international experience - you never know who you'll meet. I would also not recommend this resort for those who have trouble getting around- It is truely beautiful, but expansive and would be difficult for those not in good health. Trains are available, but on every walk we saw something new in the gardens. Although we don't have children, there were many there, and seemed to be enjoying themselves. Email me if you have specific questions, I would be happy to recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SchaJo00
<Content>Great Place My review of the Melia CaribePros:Hotel Grounds - Outstanding Hotel Staff - Outstanding. Never waited for anything Rooms - Great Pool - Unbelievable Beach - One of the best Food - Best food I have ever had in the Caribbean. Try the chicken and rice at lunch. It was the best. My girlfriend - I am lucky to be with her. She is great!Cons:People complaining about the size of the resort. Who cares! Use those god given feet.People complaining about the staff not speaking English. Who cares! Learn another language!The worst part of the trip was realizing that people complain about the most insignificant things.I would rate this place a 4 on a scale of 5. I would return in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yearlytraveler
<Content>Beautiful Resort As per many of the reviews I read, I also was very nervous about visiting this resort. A lot of the things I read were true and a lot of were comming from very rude and picky people. To start, we had a very ruff check in.I heard if you can get through the check in, your home free. We werre not. Our room key did not work. We went to the lobby, which is a far away from our rooms, but a beautiful walk. got another key, which also didn't work. We finally changed our room. This was very unpleasant because we were very tired from our traveling. They are very sweet at the counter, but pretty much just yes you to death. One day our room was not cleaned. Oh well, it was cleaned the next day. Once we were settled in our rooms, it was clear sailing from there. I arrived with 8 other women and we had a terrific time. The beach and pool is outstanding. The staff was very friendly and fun to try to talk to. Yes, there is a language barrier, but they try very hard to understand you. There are people from all over the world there. So, you need to be patient. The walk to the restuarants were not too far, but hard to do in high heels. They do have a train and it runs about every 10 minutes. Once again, if your not in a rush, take the train. We did get lost a few times, but that just added to the fun. All the resturants were just fine, some better than others. The Japaneese, the best. The Capri seafood resturant was also good. At the buffets for breakfast and lunch, eat the food they are making fresh. The meats, the eggs, and omelets. They are the freshest. Pancakes and waffles are soggy unless they make them infront fo you. Great fresh juice bar. Get a message outside near the pool. You can't beat $40.00 for an hour and it's great! I had no problem with bugs or getting sick. The staff was very friendly. Don't expect to stand at the corner of the bar and get service. This is not New York. You do need to get their attention. If you want a Margarita, ask for tequilla and lemonade. That is our verision of a Margarita. the drinks are great and stong. Watch out! If you want a nice glass of wine, you have to go to a resturant to get one. The lobby bars and pool bars have horrible wine. The lobby bar at the Tropical side is fun and that's where we spent most of our nights. If you are without children ask to stay at the Caribe side. The Tropical side is mostly for families. If you want to relax and are not in a rush, this is a place for you. Don't forget you are in an all-inclusive. the food will not be Great, but it is good and probably the best I've had at an all-inclusive and I've been to several. This is a very large resort. You have to walk to everything. While waiting for dinner, just walk in a resturant and grab a drink while you wait. I don't know if there is a whole lot to do with children, but I came with 8 women and had a terrific relaxing time. any questions, feel free to email me.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Place... After reading all the negative comments, I started with a little bit of skepticism. And some of them turned out to be true and some were not. If you are looking to go to an absolutely beautiful country, this is the place. The beach and water are unbelievable. Sure, there's a little seawee, but it's the beach!!! Not your tub. The water is so clear and clean and the perfect temperature. We swam with a thousand fish the first night we were there...The beach is unreal. White sand, and palm trees, it's out of a movie. The resort is huge! But very manageable. If you don't mind walking, I would suuggest it. You can't see all the intricacies of the place from the train. The grounds were out of a storybook, so nice. The only negative thing, was the service. And it wasn't terrible, but it was close. If you are looking to get prompt service, there's no chance. They take their time, as should you, you're on vacation. And tips don't help, regardless of what you read here. The staff was somewhat helpful, and it does help if you have people in your group who speak spanish. Have a great time, just don't be in a rush.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful-but not what I was lead to believe The resort was beautiful and the people couldn't have been nicer but I paid a lot of money and was promised a 3 room Jr. Suite-What we got was a room with one bed and my teenage sons had to make due with a rollaway and a fold out sofa bed. Come to find out that there is no such thing as a 3 room Jr. suite. I feel that this was a misrepresentation of the accomodations and I will see my travel agent about an adjustment.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation I just got back from Punta Cana, on a vacation with my family. We went the week after New Year's and had a wonderful time. I am 22, my sister is 19 and we went with my mom and aunt also. There is an age difference of over 5 years from youngest to oldest and everyone of us had a great time. We have all been to Bermuda and the Bahamas and you could not even begin to compare them. Before going on the trip we all read the reviews on this website and others and we were very scared about what the vacation would be like when we arrived. I don't know if the travel agency you go through makes a difference but we went through GWV International and from leaving at Logan in Boston till leaving Punta Cana at the end of trip they were always available. And no problem was to big.  I felt the staff at the hotel was very friendly and willing to help. There are sometimes language problems but when traveling to another country you have to adapt to the local culture. And you can't expect all of them to speak english. My sister speaks a little spanish so that did help but most were more then willing to speak to me in English(my spanish consists of Hola and Gracias) The only problem we had was that my mom's room didn't have a comforter and none of us knew the word for it so even though we called the front desk and visited the front desk. My mom did not get one till she brought a maid in our room pointed to our comforter and then went back in their room and pointed at the bed. They got their comforter immediately.  The food is definitely not the highlight of the hotel but from what I heard on the plane this is true for all the hotels. Some of the residents are very good. And everyone in my family is a picky eater! Including my sister who is a vegetarian. What our tour group decided was that by American standards the food was just fine not outstanding but if you don't know this yet most of the people that visit Punta Cana our Europeans and Canadians and they all thought the food was great.  Some tips:  Bring alot of $5 and $1 dollar bills  They except american money everywhere that I went  Bring bags of american candy (hershey kisses our a favorite) they can't get it in the DR but love it so we tipped the maid a buck every day and some candy and she was very appreciative as was the bell boy who said he would save it for his little daughter.  Best Restaurants: Italian, Le Gourmet, Japanese and the Steakhouse.  Make friends with the staff and your vacation will go much easier.  Feel free to e-mail me with any questions. I am telling everyone I know how great it was and I'm trying to get my friends to go for Spring Break. Katie  
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun for all! Wow.. Reading all the Reviews.. made me arrive at the the Melia Caribe Tropical in Dominican Republic with fright of what to expect. I traveled with my family, group of 10. 2 kids. 4 teenagers. 4 adults. Honestly it was fun for all.. the kids had fun with all the activities, as well as the teenagers and adults. The teenagers hung out at the Fun Pub, which is a teenager club there. and like most adults, the adults hung out at the casino and watched the nightly entertainment and danced to the music. and learned to dance spanish dances. The food was great. The service was great. The rooms were great. Everything was absolutely great! I recomend this place very much. We are going there again the following year as well.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bbods
<Content>Low E Ahhh, the Melia Tropical. I thought that it would be so nice and relaxing. All I was looking forward to was decent food, some sun and a little relaxation. Unfortunately, all I got was a little sun. 3 Complaints1. The food was awful every day (cold and soggy buffets, mediocre Italian food- French  Japanese were good.)2. Everything was sooooo far away. Not even a nice stroll, more like a hike.3. Overall the service was poor. They was no management in any of the restaurants and it seemed like no one really cared. On a side note, the French restaurant and the Japanese restaurant had good service. Don't waste your money here, there are plenty of other places to go to.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>one word..HORRIBLE!!!! My family and I recently spent x-mas and New Year's at the Melia Caribe. We have traveled to many destinations and this by far was the most horrible. I will give the grounds credit they were very nice but if you are not in shape to walk then just don't go. The rooms were okay except that every morning we aould wake up with bug bites. One morning we even found a roach that was big enough to scare even the locals. Standing in line for a reservation at 7am for the japanese restaurant was a lot of fun..NOT!!! We finally got a reservation and they called us 1/2 hour before we were supposed to sit down and told us that they made a mistake and we would have to go the following night. When I told the manager that I saw the guy that took our reservation put our room number in the correct spot he then wanted to make a Business Deal with me. Unless you get angry don't expect to get what you ask for. I wanted fruit and they told me that they didn't have any...I got angry and fruit suddenly appeared. Even though everything is included, we still handed out tips and still the workers weren't nice. There was one nice guy at the Chinese Restaurant. I have never been on a vacation where people said they couldn't wait to come home. I have also never been on a vacation where the guests would fight with one another. I witnessed a guy punch a woman in the nose over a lounge chair...I'm not kidding!!! If you like to sleep in on vacation then this isn't the place for you..If you like to eat on vacation this isn't the place for you(the food stinks)..the bottom line is that this isn't the place for anyone wanting to have a nice vacation. I suggest nearby puerto Rico or even Mexico where the food is good and the locals are very friendly. Don't be fooled by the 5 star rating this is truly a 2 star resort.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing vacation!!! Very, very disappointed. Our group of 21 had nothing but problems. The grounds are beautiful, exceptional large beach with plenty of trees for shade, large spacious pools, (this is what gets the 1 star), but the grounds are to large and walking on the wet walkways were slippery (with signs posted everywhere, explaining this to you but they are still trecherous when wet) trams coming every 15 minutes, getting from one side of the hotel to the other took us 20-25 minutes. FOOD IS TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE. Service is very lousy, most workers do not understand english, rooms have problems and they don't fix them, towels are hard to come by in the rooms, a few of ours were not cleaned by evening, requesting anything took forever. Almost everyone we spoke to either at this hotel or others were very disappointed with Punta Cana. As a resort Island the Dominicans to not have there act together yet and need someone to show them how to run a resort. We travel every Christmas with many friends and have never had problems like this hotel. There is nothing to do at night (our grown children were so bored) just gambling and drinking!!! Think before you come here, there are so many nice islands to visit for vacation.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yes, I'm from NJ, but I would still read my review. My family of 3 (2 adults + 13 year old) just returned from the Melia's Tropical, and feel that the negative reviews are not regional in nature. The week we were there, sported complaints from American on both coasts as well as Europeans. However, the management was sensitive to the complaints, and tried their best to remedy the problems. The GM was very nice, and was well aware that the food was terrible (he eats there too), and explained they were trying to get better quality food and well as more experienced restaurant managers at the hotel. While I agree with some of the reviews, all inclusive food is generally not great, this food was bad, terrible, awful,(you get the point). I would have left a better review if Melia didn't swear that the Tropical was a 5 star hotel. There is just nothing 5 star about it...Maybe 3 stars on a good day. The grounds and rooms are beautiful, and service came with a smile (we tipped EVERYONE including the guy who came to fix our broken air conditioner in our room), but if you truly want a 5 star hotel, go with the names we know.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place  Our family of 5 visited Melia Caribe Dec 21-28 with another family of 4. We had a great time. The place is beautiful. Great Weather. The food was generally very good and flexibility of buffets is great with teenagers. The casino was fun and they allowed a little crosstalking among players with caribbean poker....which made it alot of fun. Plenty of great snorkelling is possible if you go with the locals. Plenty of bottled water; so not being able to drink the tap water is not a big issue. JB   
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gzgoat
<Content>If you go with a good attitude, you'll have a great time. If you don't live in NEW JERSEY or NEW YORK this is the place for you! GREAT service and very good food for an all inclusive. GREAT service and not one problem if you have patience. I stress patience. You are in the tropics on vacation and don't except to snap your fingers and get something handed to you on a silver platter. I read reviews on this place and others. The common complaint is that service isn't what people are used to in the USA. On vacation I'm relaxed and I don't have to be anywhere for the next week. Does it bother me that my drink comes in two minutes instead of one? NO. At 8 in the morning I saw people from the East coast blow up at employees for no coffee at a bar that doesn't open until 9am. My family and I had such a great time at the resort. If you want to have a great relaxing vacation this is the place.... The only problem the twelve people traveling with us had were the people from other places in the USA who expect perfection.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honest, Thorough Review of the Resort My husband and I stayed at Melia Caribe Tropical from December 22 29, 2003. The weather was PERFECT, except for the last day when it was very windy. The sun was bright and shining and there was a light breeze that kept it cool enough so that you were not uncomfortable or sweaty. During the time that we were there we did not experience any of the humidity that the Dominican Republic is infamous for. It rained at night, but they were quick tropical showers that passed.The grounds are beautifully manicured and cared for. However, the grounds were too vast. To walk from the lobby, which was at one end, to the beach, which is at the other end, is about a 15 minute walk on uneven cobblestone roads. There is a trolly/train that you can take, but it only runs once every 15 minutes, so you have to wait around. It was easier just to walk. We stayed in building 29, on the Caribe side (there are 2 sides, the Caribe side and the Tropical side), which was close enough to the pool and the beach. The Tropical side had the kids pool and there were more kids and families on that side.Our room was spacious and tidy, but when the cleaning lady would clean, she would just basically make the beds and change the towels. The counters were never wiped down, and neither was the shower the whole time we were there. I tipped the cleaning lady the first day, but the fresh flowers were never replaced and I didn t get any extra towels unless I asked for it numerous times.Service at this place was awful. When we checked in, they gave us a map of the place and it had some info on it such as when you check out, you need to turn in the towel cards (for beach towels) you were given. We weren't given any. When I went back to the lobby to ask about them, they said you don't need them. However, the next day when I went to get towels, the man said that I needed towel cards. When I told him what the front desk told me, he said that they just said that because they ran out of them. I had to make yet another trip to the lobby (remember, the place is vast and this is not a short trip) and they gave me cards. The people there did speak some English, when it was convenient for them. For example, when there were vendors there, if they wanted you to buy something, there was no communication problem, but if you needed something or there was a problem, you were either ignored or they didn't understand you. We asked for extra towels the first day, and they never came. Our ceiling fan was making such noises, and they said they would fix it, but a week went by and it still wasn't even looked at.Food: AWFUL! The breakfast buffets weren't so bad the typical breakfast foods. Lunch was the worst. The lunch buffet food in the 2 places by the beach were barely edible. The lunch buffet at the Italian place was decent. Dinner was hit or miss. The French restaurant was good, Spanish was bad, International was bad too. I was told by other guests there to avoid the Mexican place as they got sick from it. The Japanese was the best for dinner, but you have to make reservations in the lobby between 9:00 11:00AM. However, if you want to get a reservation, you have to wait in the lobby from 8AM. You can only reserve for the day of, not in advance.As if the food being bad wasn t enough, the food service was worse. For example, you don't get what you ask for, and if you do get it, you have to wait about 15 minutes for it. Case in point that typified our experience at the restaurants: I asked for a diet coke. 15 minutes later, they came around with 2 colas. I asked which is diet. After a few minutes of confusion on their part understanding this question which should be as basic as it gets in a restaurant, they finally said that both colas are regular. I said that I ordered a diet coke and asked them to bring me one. They talked to another service person for a minute and then pointed to the soda in front of me and said that it was diet! I was shocked how my regular coke magically became diet only when I asked for them to bring me a diet coke, so I tasted it, and, of course it was regular. But, now there was nobody around to remedy this. So, after waiting for close to 10 minutes, I flagged down another waiter and practically begged for a diet coke. 10 minutes later, I got it! Without exaggeration, it was about 40-45 minutes from the time I originally ordered a diet coke until the time I received it. Again, this is just one example. There were many cases such as this.We tried tipping for better service, but it often didn't work in the restaurants. One waiter (and there was really only 1) was very attentive, and we tipped him $2 and he was very happy, shook our hands and told us where we could find him for the rest of the week. The bartenders seemed to understand the tipping system a little better. If you tip the bartenders, they will tend to you first over the others waiting for a drink.The beach was not as clean and crystal blue as it was in Cancun. There was a lot of this black stringy seaweed type stuff washed upon the shore. There were very little waves close to shore. The beach chairs were very comfortable.We went snorkeling through a tour based on the property for $15/person. There weren't many fish. We also went on an excursion called Aquatic Tours where you were in a speed boat, then went snorkeling. That was a lot of fun. ($60/person) Right next door is horseback riding, $20/hour for adults, if you like that stuff.There were occasional ants, spiders, and lizards in our room, and we saw a cockroach outside our room, but you have to remember that we are in the tropics. The shows at night were very cheesy a lot of lip syncing acts. The casino was small, but occupied us at night. The dealers are slow, and not always right when paying out so be careful! Since they hand shuffle (as opposed to motorized card shuffler machines) it takes a lot longer, so if you're not winning, your money goes for a lot longer than it would at places such as Atlantic City and Las Vegas.We met a lot of very nice people on this trip, and it seemed everyone had the same general consensus on the place. The people we met, the time spent away from the stressors of daily life, the nice weather, and the relaxation made our vacation nice, but the food and service were a huge disappointment. This was rated a 5 star hotel I would say it was a 2 star at best. While we were glad to be away at a tropical place in the winter, it is not a place that I would ever return to, nor would I recommend people go to. If you already booked your trip to Melia Caribe and can't change it, make the most out of it, and don't set your expectations too high.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe/Tropical! Fair to Average..Good Value arrrived at Melia Caribe on Dec 12,2003 and returned Dec 24. Main assets of resort:...great 27 hole golf course in excellant condition...most restaurants very good,Spanish was only fair! Turey Grille had many flies....hospitable staff and clean rooms...nice beach and pool areas...impecable landscaping and grounds Main detrements of resort:...no clocks in room;my refrig. didn't work for 4 days;no reading light on either bed table..until I asked for one... the pool shack was out of beach towels most of the time...12 to 15 min walk from most rooms to the restaurants. unless you wait for the train... restaurants that open at 6pm are never open om time,,, more like 6:15...all in alll a worthwile trip with a good value! Next trip I will try a resort that has accomodations closer to the other facilities in the resort.....only 2 tredmills for 1000 rooms in the health ctr.....great wirlpool!!! Good Luck Dan!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll sum up the Melia in one word, awesome! I was at the Melia with my wife and two kids 12 - 15 and another couple with three kids 12 - 14 - 15. From the moment we got off the plane to the moment we got back on, was one of the smoothest vacations I've been on. We went over Christmas Holiday 12-21-03 through 12-28-03, probably one of the hotels biggest weeks. Check in was a breeze and our rooms were ready and supplied with water, Pepsi and seven-up. There are signs above the sink that saw don't drink the water. They accommodated up perfectly by having all three rooms in the same building. The grounds of this hotel are beautiful. I never saw so many palm trees and foliage kept in immaculate shape. The complex is very large and if you have a problem getting around I don't recommend this for you. If you love to walk around this is the place. If you get tired they have numerous trains that will take you anywhere in the resort. You just have to figure out where your at because everything looks alike. There are two sections in the resort. The Caribe and the Tropical. I think they are identical, same sized pools and spas. Weather is perfect with about 10 minutes of rain a day mostly at night. The beach is all white sand without any rocks or shells to step on. There is some seaweed and it's cleaned up many times during the day. Shade on the beach is plentiful with huts and palm trees and finding a chair or hut is easy even in a crowded season. The beach at the hotel has, parasailing, catamaran sail boats, boogie boards, paddle boats, and snorkel gear. Most of these are complimentary. The staff is wonderful and very friendly even to kids. Language was never a problem, it's true the staff doesn't speak perfect English but if you have a problem they will find someone very quickly who will. I tipped the staff (maids, bartenders, waiters, drink servers), every chance I got, not to get preferential treatment but because they deserved it! I'm from Chicago and I know good service. If it was poor I wouldn't tip. They have many restaurants for every taste. The kids loves Mexican and they ate there three times. They made burritos on the grill with your choice of ingredients, my daughters favorite was just cheese. We ate at the seafood, Italian, continental, steak, breakfast buffet by the pool, and the Japanese, ( which requires a reservation to be made the morning your going, get there by 8:00am reservations open at 9:00am) the line gets long. All the food was great and the steak restaurant was fair, other people liked it so we must have hit it on an off night. Men have to where pants and no shorts, no exceptions to the ALA carte restaurants. You can where anything to the buffets. There are so many things to do there, I recommend the yellow boats next to the Bavaro Splash. I forgot the name but you can't miss them. We did both. The Bavaro Splash is a two man speed boat that you drive about 20 minutes to a snorkel spot with no fish to see! The make you swim through a jagged cage to swim with a couple drugged sharks and a few stingrays. A couple people cut themselves swimming through the fence. I found a guy on the beach selling the yellow boats and snorkeling. I told him the kids wanted to drive the boats more then snorkel because they were convinced there aren't any fish in the sea. We went out on the boats this is a non commercialized experience. The staff was so friendly and helpful. The boats were very fast and we drove around the ocean to a spot and they attached our boats to buoys in a spot they have picked out. The kids were complaining that this is like the same spot the Bavaro Splash took us but when we got in the water it all changed. Ten's of thousands of fish on a beautiful coral reef. We fed them bread and had a great experience. Everything you would want in a vacation. I could go on and on, so if you have a question please email me for a quick response to you questions.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Melia Tropical/Caribe I think the negative reviews came from people with unrealistic expectations as to what $225/day all inclusive buys. It does not get you a room at the 4 Seasons on St. Thomas. What it does buy are rooms and bathrooms that were clean, spacious and recently decorated, service that was uniformly quite friendly and food that was tolerable. The Melia tropical/Caribe was a very good value. We travelled with 6 children ages 10-19, all had a great time. I found the staff quite anxious to please, within their ability to do so. Some Spanish is a real help. The beach is magnificent, as are the grounds. There were some mosquitos but nothing unusual. We liked the Mexican restaurant best. For anyone going during prime season, you must reserve in the morning for the next day, the Hobie catamarans. With teenage kids, the ATV excursion, while pricey ($50/person) was great, great fun.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrisdtpwiz
<Content>Great place for the whole family What a paradise of a place! As soon as you're bused in through their gates, another world opens up infront of you! This country is poor and desolate, the streets are rickety and the people friendly, but hungry, we advise you to stay IN the resort and don't take any adventure out of the resort.(the cost isn't worth the ride!). On that note: the resort is so huge, you'll have plenty to do. For 2 weeks we stayed at the Caribe side and didn't get in all the pastimes we thought we would. There really is a lot to do.Money. AMERICAN cash speaks, for discounts and deals here. We found that Dominican Pesos were always rounded off to the higher 10 dollar value, sometimes losing 3-5 dollars American. So be careful with the conversions.My sister didn't bring any cash, You must have the Customs fees ($20US pp) payable on your way out of the country. It must be cash, and in AMERICAN dollars. Sister had to travel back to the resort to get cash from the bank. No banks, no stores at the airport entry!!  The 2 weeks she was there she did not have to spend any money! All inclusive = ALL INCLUSIVE. there are some water activities (mostly motorized) that carry an extra fee, and lessons to be taken at $15 for sailing and catamaran sail lessons. (must be taken before free use of these boats) Credit card is accepted. Take the lessons at the beginning of your stay and the rest is booking in availability. Show up early for your scheduled appointment, and acknowledge that you are there, or you will be bumped to the back of the line and often not able to do the sport. there is so much to do on the beach too much to list. Watch out for the burning cigarette buts on the beach, my little 2 year old got a nasty burn to her heel, because of some thoughtless tourist dropping his butt and not extinguishing it! The resort should have ashtray posts for this purpose. Cup holders on the lounge chairs would be nice too. Take a beach bag with you. you'll need to take Hotel beach towels, bottled water and sunscreen with you. The beach towels are provided. So you can leave yours at home. Do bring lots of suncreen and hats, its a dear commodity.Food. Yum!! What else do you need with all the drinks and food you'll ever want available 24/7. You may have to hop up or down to get the times correct, but at least one restaurant is always open. All the resaurants are fabulous, there's one a la carte that we loved: Le Gourmet, and a buffet that we breakfast at: Grill Turey...watching the sun rise and ocean wake. Beautiful!!Bottled water should be used at all times, unless you like Montezuma's revenge! My significant other, didn't read the signs and was sick for a few days. Snacks: Chips at the sore = $5 US, so either bring a few Pringles tubes or pay this absurd amount. We fasted off chips and fries for the whole stay.Kids: There's a Kids club on the Tropicale side, but not on the Caribe side, so when the kids wanted to join in some activities, we had to cross over (far!) to the Tropicale kids pool. It's always crowded there with families, and the area is filled with 2nd hand smoke, so we did not enjoy being there. By the end of the 1st week we quit going there for the unpleasantness of the smoky atmosphere (why do people smoke around kids!!!) Some restaurants don't offer nonsmoking sections either, and the cigar smoke was enough to make you gag on your food...why do people smoke while they eat!! Yuk, what a horrible habit!!We stayed at the quiet pool, our side for the rest of the stay. It was less crowded and less smoky.Rooms: If you are not up and out of your room by 9-10am, you probably won't have anyone cleaning your room. We had 4 days of no clean, we slept in, hubby sick, etc. A call to the desk will usually have someone up in around 30mins. to do the job.You can enjoy your stay if you remember this:  You are in a very slow, hot country. Don't expect everything to be done quickly. Slow down to their pace, and you will have an ejoyable relaxing holiday. Try the spa immediately, it's fabulous, just relaxes you for the rest of your stay. Take the opportunity to brush up on your Spanish, French, and German as these are the four languages spoken in the resort. (The store clerks seems to only speak Spanish, so bring along a Spanish/English dictionary) We love visiting this resort, and this was our 4th winter here.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia will give you a lot more than what you pay This hotel can be considered above average. It is so sad to read the terrible reviews and sometimes I wonder if the competition writes them... Honestly, you can get your money worth. The beach is beautiful and the hotel is very clean. My husband and I did not get sick once, but we are used to eat with a lot of spices. People automatically assume that the water is the problem, but it is the spices that Dominican use that can be a little rough on your stomach if you like boring food. Now, wash your teeth with bottle water or you will be sick, also make sure to wash your hands after flushing. Another suggestion (that I do not think is necessary) is that you can limit your self to cooked vegetable and avoid fruits if you are really worried. My 18-month daughter drank the water and was addicted to all the wonderful juices and she did not get sick. Remember to take some medicine if you think your stomach is sensitive to spices and you will be a happy camper... I also disagree when the reviews complain about the service. Dominican people tend to go out of the way to please and love foreigners. Now, I will tell you something (as a Dominican), we are direct and if you have a bad attitude do not expect them to offer the other cheek. My advice is to keep in mind that a smile goes a long way and not to forget that you are on vacation! Do not allow the small things to spoil what could be a wonderful trip. If you have to wait to check in, relax with a drink! You can find a bar by the check in counter. If you have to wait for the train, enjoy the beautiful view or walk. I personally recommend waiting. It gets really hot in the D.R! (But if you can handle the heat, the view can make the walk enjoyable.) Another unfair review is when people talk about the flies and mosquitoes. For crying out loud! You are in the tropic! And honestly, it is not a problem at the resort at all. If you are really worried bring repellent and accept the fact that you will encounter some flies (shoo fly!) The rooms are clean and very nice. The food is above average. I liked all of the restaurants! The truth is that you get your money worth I spent a week in Hilton Heads (in the salty dog), the stay was a little bit over $2000 and nothing was included and we had to cook! Not to mention, that I only visited the beach once. I know that I grew up around the Dominican beaches, but in Hilton Heads I was better off by the pool. A beautiful place, but expensive! Now, if you are looking for a wonderful beach, good food, drinks, and affordability --- Then, the Melia can exceeds your expectation!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation - Not long enough My husband and I just returned from the Melia Tropical. We could not get to the resort on our scheduled day because of flight delays due to bad weather in Baltimore and then the tropical storm in Punta Cana (which there hasn't been one there in December since 1953). We decided to make the best of it until we could fly out. We missed two days in Punta Cana and found that there was so much to do that we couldn't take it all in.A piece of my luggage was lost and I had to go to the front desk and demand that they find it because it was my carry on bag (one that contained medicine). Make sure when you check in that they mark every piece of luggage with your room number. This piece of luggage was missed. The Dominicans on the resort knew alot of English. Langage was not really a problem.The bank at the hotel cannot cash Traveler's Checks. They will give you Pesos back but not dollar for dollar. Use the safe in your room for your valuables. It's worth the $2.00 a day. The market will take a Travel Check.Go in to their country with an open mind. You can adjust much better if you do this. A smile will get you a long way!!!The resort was gorgeous with palm trees, flamingos, assorted plants and trees along with thatch huts at the pool and beach. The staff is very courteous at all times. The pools and beach are so beautiful. A friend of mine and I got a massage by the pool one day and it was wonderful. Very worth the money.Make sure that you take everything you need. If you have to buy anything in the gift shop, you will pay a very high price. Two boxes of personals were $18.00.The food was very good. We spent alot of time at the buffets but found there was always an asssortment of food available. The Mexican food was very good and a friend's birthday was celebrated there. They made a big deal over her birthday and brought her a whole cake to the table. We thought that was exceptional. We also went to the Seafood Restaurant. I wasn't crazy about that food.Definitely go to the market on the beach and shop. You will find so much to buy and take back for soveniers. Make sure you buy some Mamajuana. It is a bottled rum with honey, leaves, herbs and spices. The natives take a shot of this for medicinal purposes. You cannot take this back on the plane with just the plain roots, leaves (rum needs to be added if you buy just the bottle). You are better off buying the one with the rum in it. You can get some beautiful coral and Latimar stones. Barter with the natives.There is no scrimping on the alcohol. The Lime Daiquri's are great and so refreshing. Overall, I had a blast and would go back again. Take lots of pictures!!! Enjoy your vacation  
<Date>Dec 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Debbiedoesgolf
<Content>An experience to remember We just returned from the tropical Paradise of the Dominican Republic. We were at the Melia for a few days prior to an international Golf Travel conference and were at the resort Dec 2 - 5. We were part of a group of 28 from all over the world. In all fairness to the resort, it wasn't their fault that tropical storm Odette hit while we were there, first hurricane-like storm of its kind in December in 139 years!We had read all the reviews of the resort prior to travel, and were a bit concerned, but being seasoned travelers figured what the heck! However much of what you read is true. After 12 long hours of travel, we waited for 1 hour 40 minutes to be checked in...no line, no one in front of us, we arrived at 3:15pm so after check in time. Little was communicated to us by the desk staff, other than to wait. We finally got to our room, lovely (however the toilet didn't work but was fixed fairly quickly) at the Tropical end of the resort rather than the Caribe in which we were confirmed.Several people tried to contact us from other rooms who were with us as part of our group. The front desk had no record of our being registered, for several days. Communication by hotel staff when our events were cancelled didn't come (one staff member told us there were too many names to call, 15 rooms, so they simply didn't bother!). It's definately a very laid-back attitude here, many would consider this part of the charm?One word of advice, bring your walking shoes...this is a vast property, with trains which loop around between the two main hotel lobbys, restaurants, beaches, etc. However you'll find it easier/quicker to walk. The stone walkways are trecherous in rain if you're not in good rubber soled shoes. The marble throughout the hotel's lobby/main areas even more trecherous! If there's any chance of rain, leave those sexy shoes at home. I came home black  blue, as they couldn't contend with the wet glass-like marble floors!The restaurants....most are buffet sytle, pretty much the same food everywhere. Sit in the center of the room, not against a wall. We had a cockroach dancing on our tablecloth night one in the Italian restaurant, table up against the wall which it crawled down from. The Japanese was our favorite. Stop by around 5pm if you don't want to queue up at 9am for reservations that evening, they do get cancellations, and (with a tip) were happy to squeeze us in at 9pm. The Mexican was quite good as well and very fresh, but was closed many of the nights we were there, we would have repeated.The beaches are lovely, the spas...due to rain spent a lot of time there...the best massages we have had anywhere in the world! And great value. After reading reviews on this site took a ton of dollar bills with us, not necessary, there is no tipping really for drinks, etc. Really good service, we tipped, this was rare. We did leave a note daily in our room asking for our minibar to be restocked with water and beer, and on the days we left $5.00, it was.By standards anywhere else in the world, this would be a 2 1/2 star resort, not a 5. However the property and grounds are lovely, the staff extremely friendly and we never found (other than check in/out) English to be a problem.Do not drink the water, and brush your teeth with bottled water. This said, most of the people we traveled with, including my husband, still got sick. So take medication with you.Lastly, just in case it does rain during your stay, which typically it doesn't, bring a few books! I went through the two I brought with me in 3 days, and the gift shop has only a few in English, which you wouldn't want to read, and the rest in Spanish. We enjoyed our stay, in spite of everything, as our expectations were not high. But we don't feel the need to return.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ja357mag
<Content>Pick another vacation spot We went Melia Caribe Tropical for five days over Thanksgiving for a wedding. There were 25 people in our group. There was about a 1 hour wait for our ride from the airport. Once we got to the hotel check-in was very quick. A belboy took our bags and was to deliver them to our room. Bad move take your bags to your room yourself. We had about 5 people who waited over 2 1/2 for their bags. The hotel grounds, the beach and the pool were great. The drinks were good but I would suggest tipping for better service. We tipped and our glass was never empty. The food was fair at best. The Italian is your best bet. We had about 8 people in our group that got sick including me. I got salminella poisioning and a urinary infection at the end of the trip. Was sick for over a week.Night life not much to do the fun pub is your best bet and the bartender Felix was great. I speak some Spanish and that was a big help. There are not too many that speak English.We will not be comming back. We will stick with Vegas or Florida. Less travel hassle and the food is 100% better  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Thanksgiving week for a family We had a great Thanksgiving week at this all-inclusive resort. I don't know what the negative writers are expecting for the kind of excellent value this resort represents. In relative terms this is a bargain at every dimension compared to Hawaii or even Mexico. In terms of my priorities, there are many bars all around the resort with pleasant and attentive bartenders serving any drink you could ask for, all with premium, not crummy liquor, Stoli, Absolut, Johnny Walker, many excellent rums, high-end tequilas, local Presidente beer on draft, etc., etc., nothing cheap about this aspect of the operation. We specialized in Pina Coladas (virgin for the kids, even virgin mud-slides!) and discovered that made with Ron Anejo or aged rum, were more delicious. Beyond the value, this really is a 5-star resort: The service was very pleasant and helpful, the instant one-button guest service from the phone was answered instantly; the entire place is spotless, the rooms large (enough for a king four-poster bed and a double sofa-bed and coffee table in an alcove. Housekeeping carried in a real double bed for our second child and there was still plenty of space. Rooms cleaned twice per day with turn-down service. We never needed to ask for extra towels, that were the large towel-sheet size. As mentioned previously, the housekeepers liberally decorate the rooms and even the common area restrooms with freshly picked Hibiscus flowers. The beach is large, clean with soft white sand with pink specks. There are lots of lounge chairs and free use of Hobie Cats, paddle boats, fins-masks-snorkels, boogie boards, etc. Its a huge, beautifully landscaped property with a lot of rooms but we never felt like it was crowded, even at peak meal times. The service was very good, the food was tasty, certainly not gourmand but a nice combination of items so it was never boring and available about 18 hours per day. Very good grilled meats and fish. The two beach area buffet restaurants also have patio seating at the edge of the sand and very casual, doesn't get much better than this. The buffet eating is broken up by 5 or 6 international theme a la carte restaurants with table service. Considering this was the Dominican Republic and not either San Francisco or the Upper East Side of Manhattan, these were quite good and well executed. We had experienced Club Med Punta Cana a few years ago and our two kids liked the Caribe Tropical much better, despite the less sophisticated but more than adequate kids program. Our children spent some time with kids from Spain, Argentina, Puerto Rico and Italy and enjoyed the cross-cultural experience. The staff were very kind and watchful and kept the kids busy. They had fun and it gave my wife and I a break once and a while. We had an early tee-time at the adjacent Cocotal golf course ($33 per person for the cart, no greens fees---try that in Hawaii?) and one of the Kid's Club staff took our daughter early so we didn't need to get a sitter for an hour in the morning. There was ceramic painting, hair braiding and henna tatoos around the huge pools at either side of the resort. There is an adjacent horse back riding stable and we took two one-hour rides that cost only $70 for four of us. One actually lasted 90 minutes along the beach at sunset and the staff was careful that the horses behaved with our 8 and 10 year olds. The evening shows are not Las Vegas, but the staff were clearly trained dancers and the shows were very entertaining; so much that the kids were begging to go every night. They put on a very big Thanksgiving Dinner/Celebration even though Americans were in the minority. The beachside restaurant was decorated, a live band, tropical fruit carved and assembled to look like turkeys; after dinner there was dancing and some games and prizes set up for the adults and kids. Not the usual Thanksgiving at Grandma's house. Its not realistic for the the negative writers to expect a world-class French or Japanese dinner (actually, both very good and the Japanese at par with a Benihana) in the Dominican Republic. But if you want a beautiful relaxing setting, golf, very nice service, tropical drinks, a large clean and warm beach, activities and tasty food, large rooms and a reasonable price, this is the place. We travel all over the world and we will return here and bring friends to share it with.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An honest, detailed review After reading many of the reviews before travelling we were rather apprehensive about staying here. I am pleased to say that I just can not understand how so many people can complain about such a lovely place. We are frequent travellers and have visited many 5 star resorts across the world as well as several cruise ships. We were very impressed with the hotel in all. On arriving, check in was fast and efficient and the bag handlers wrote the room number with no problem. Bags actually arrived at our room before we did! The reception was gleamingly clean - there is always someone there to clean up after guests and brush the floor! The staff at the front desk spoke very good English and there were no language problems at all. We took the train several times which was a lot of fun, never having to wait long except after shows when they got full quickly but then the wait was only 10 minutes or so! The room was very large,clean  quiet. The bathroom was clean  often had flowers on the bath and around the sink area. Towels, face cloths and toiletries were changed/topped up daily. Bottled water was readily available for teeth brushing etc. and the mini bar restocked. Food: The breakfast was extensive with anything you could want. We usually had omelets they make for you with your choice of ingredients. They also serve until 11am which is good after a late night. Yes there are flies in the restaurant but remember this is a tropical country! They protect the food very well. Drinks are refilled as soon as you take the last sip! Waiters are very friendly  we didn't ever meet anyone rude! Lunch is better in the Italian restaurant, more choice  better desserts! You can also get snacks after 4 pm of fries and various accompanyments. There are many fruits, icecreams (The green one isn't mint BE WARNED!!!)  cakes. We ate in all the a'la carte restaurants  all were nice. Our favourites were the Japanese - not bland at all but a limited choice, Mexican - lots to choose from in a buffet, Ma Maison (French) - Very good food  choice esp beef  salmon, Chinese- quite authentic  very tasty! and the seafood restaurant - Capri - Couldn't fault any of it and they were very keen to please. They let me have dessert not on the menu twice! We didn't tip anyone and we didn't feel they expected it. Infact, in the room there is a notice on the tv saying no tipping! The service was good regardless. The bars were flowing with many international brands  no time restrictions. We never had any stomach upsets  always had ice and ice drinks. I am usually prone to tummy upsets too. Only ever saw guests leaving the bathrooms without washing their hands, never the staff! So I can only believe these are the people who had the stomach upsets. The beach is beautiful with enough sun loungers and plenty of water sports. They are clean with a tiny amount of sea weed. No traders there to bother you either. The pools were huge and uncrowded. The whirlpools in the middle were rather deep  of the same water as the pools. The water was cold as you got in but not freezing. Quite refreshing in the humidity. The childrens club was good although they didn't have many resources. The staff were brilliant  spoke several languages fluently. Our 2 yr old had a great time! There is a brilliant climbing frame with ball pools  slides. Staff also take the children swimming twice a day. The shows were ok. I have seen better. But they were entertaining  you could always go to the bars, disco or casino if you didn't like it. The grounds were breath-taking  immaculate. They worked very hard to keep them that way. There are ponds with flamingoes, pelicans, storks, herons,tropical fish  even turtles! Also peacocks, lizards  birds in the grounds. The flowers were bright and there was plenty of greenery and palm trees to offer shade. We didn't see any bugs except flies and the occasional mosquito. We needed insect repellent. Try one with deet or citronella oil. We were only bitten twice and that was during a trip out of the hotel. The weather was changeable. We did get some rain but it wasn't a problem  was usually at night or for a short time. We did one trip out of the hotel to Manati park. Was very dissappointed with it and felt it was a waste of money. You will not need to take much spending money as everything is included. Postcards with stamps are expensive though - about $1.50 (US) for both. If you would like anymore info please e mail me on Booson26@aol.com  
<Date>Nov 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise at Melia Caribe Paradise!!! Good service, good food, lots of entertainment. We were there for 7 days the end of Aug. 2003.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>yech Simply, hated it. The place is beautiful, the rooms pretty and large, the food horrible, the service sucks and the all inclusive seems to drive the partygoers to levels of drunken behavior reminscent of freshman frat parties. I stayed one night and left immediately and returned to the Punta Cana Resort- much better.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous vacation! This place is amazing. I suspect the negative posters here went with a bad attitude. First of all, the place is absolutely gorgeous. The pool and beachfront are fabulous. We went for 4 nights and had no problems whatsoever. Our room was always clean and we did not have any insects. There was plenty of bottled water; on our first night, we stopped at the front desk on our way back to our room (after 1:30 am) and asked for a few extra bottles. He gave us 4 and called housekeeping. By the time we got back to our room, our mini-fridge was overflowing and there were two extra bottles on the bureau. We had no problem with the service. This place is definitely more of a European / South American resort. Spanish is the predominant language. Just as we would expect a foreigner to adapt to English in America, they appreciated when folks tried Spanish. I have only very rudimentary Spanish, but really, how hard is it to say bottela de agua, por favor A little effort goes a long way. We found most people did speak a little English so between we were fine.We loved the pool bars and spent way too much time there. I was pleasantly surprised to find that all the liquor was top-shelf: Bacardi, Dewers, Tangueray, Beefeater, Jim Beam, Johnnie Walker. They certainly did not water down the drinks. They even would add more liquor if you wanted. I saw several people who were drinking pina coladas ask for more, and regretted it later :-).We ate at the Japanese restaurant twice, it was great. We also ate at the Italian and Mexican restaurants. Both were good as well. For breakfast and lunch every day we ate at the Turrey Grill on the beach. I loved this place. At every meal, they had made to order stations: omlets, pasta, quesadillas, etc. My trick to ensure fresh eggs each morning was to ask for egg-white omlets, Thus necessitating the use of fresh eggs, rather than dipping from the premade egg mixture, which I found very oily.After reading all of the negative reviews here, my husband and I took preventative immodium every morning and evening. We didn't have a problem, but did meet several folks who did. All said Pepto didn't work, but immodium did. It would be smart to bring some with you as it is somewhat expensive in the gift shop.Many people on this board complain about the tram. Yes it can be a drag to have to wait, but it is so hot there, I would rather wait than have to walk in that heat/humidity. We never had to wait more than 10 minutes, and often it was much less.The shows were a bit cheesy, but they are right next to the bar so how can you go wrong. We loved the casino and had a blast there. We met several people from other area hotels who came to the Melia for the casino. It is somewhat small but we never had trouble getting to a table or slot machine.We both had hour massages that were fabulous. They also have massages available right next to the beach/pool. Amazing!We plan to return next year. Have a great time, you'll really have to work hard not to have fun here.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical Review: OK for R My wife and I just got back from a relaxing vacation at the Melia Caribe Tropical. We spent 10 days and 9 nights, from October 22 31. For our purposes, the trip accomplished the main goal; it served up a relaxing atmosphere, and for the most part we enjoyed ourselves. Before departing, we were in a bit of a panic after reading many of the posts on this website (and others) and we had a very low expectation of what we would find when we arrived. Objectively, Id say that about 70% of the derogatory comments are fairly accurate descriptions of what you will find. People who have posted ridiculously positive comments to this site have either -- never been on a trip before, or have limited experience of quality vacations, or perhaps work for the Melia Sol company. In our case, weve traveled to many Caribbean spots, and this is not one that we would return to unless the price was incredibly low, and options were extremely limited. Generally speaking, the grounds are spectacular, and rooms are nice (3 out of 5). The service is mediocre overall (3 out of 5 except at the front desk where it is god-awful (1 out of 5) and the food is bland but edible (3 out of 5). Our overall rating of the resort is 3 out of 5. I cant imagine what it would have been if we went during the busy season. But if youve already booked it; youll have a good time -- so dont panic.Now onto some detail and advice:As part of a package deal, the hotel is supposed to pick you up from the Airport (in our case it was Punta Cana airport) a 15-minute ride. The hotel stranded us and we were forced to take a taxi. The out of pocket cost was $22 dollars. Luckily, our travel agent has agreed to reimburse us for the cost. We used Liberty Travel, which I could probably write an entire review on. If you used Liberty, you will be forced to deal with Victor. Victors world revolves around trying to sell you land excursions. He will not help you if you have a problem. And he doesnt care if you have a problem. We also found that most of the information that he spouts is misinformation. In the case of seeking reimbursement, he wanted us to contact his boss in Santa Domingo, and then our travel agency at home. Strangely, Santa Domingo Liberty Travel called us at 8am to tell us to work with Victor. Ok, enough about Victor you get the point. (Also, for anyone flying into Santa Domingo change your flight plans. We heard that several guests had a miserable 3-hour ride; dont fly into Santa Domingo!)The food: There are several restaurants on the premises; and most of the food tastes the same regardless where you go with a few exceptions. Breakfast and lunch is best on the Tropical side (as recommended by other reviewers). Breakfast at the Internationale Restaurant is disgusting. Breakfast on the Caribe side (Turey Grille) is ok, but is extremely crowded. There are only two restaurants that are worth visiting for dinner: The French Restaurant (Le Maisson) and the Seafood Restaurant (La Capre). Both were very good; and both had long lines. The Mexican was also good but predictable (tacos, salsa, burritos, etc); unlike the aforementioned two, is in an open area, so you will sweat while you eat. The Japanese restaurant was not very good; but it was an experience. Skip the Chinese restaurant -- it was absolutely terrible. We were warned by posts here and by other guests, but still went anyway. So when you go and think it stinks, dont say I didnt warn you.Oh, for a special treat when you go to the French Restaurant order Lobster! Thats right order Lobster! Youll get the best lobster dinner of all time!! Its so much better than what they serve in La Capre the Seafood Restaurant (which is mini-lobster or something silly).On being sick. Yes, the food will probably make you sick. Bottom Line: You will spend significant time in the bathroom on this trip. But this is not because of the food being poorly prepared or being poor quality, per se; it is because of the fact that Dominican Republic and Caribbean diet is much different than ours (here in the US). Cooking oils, spices, tenderizers, methodologies, etc. The water is full of bacteria that our bodies have no defense (immunities) for. Unfortunately, they probably wash vegetables and greens with this water. Also, the ice cubes seems to have a distinct taste.ATTENTION, ATTENTION: If you pay attention to only one thing written here in my diatribe, please pay attention to this. YOU MUST GO TO YOUR HOME PHARMACY AND PURCHASE PEPTID AC, KAOPECTATE, ASPIRIN, PEPTO BISMO, TUMS, and A VARIETY OF OTHER SUPPLIES. YOU WILL NEED THEM. My wife thought I over did it prior to our leaving and later recognized the advantage of having the proper supplies.To see the doctor -- is $50 right off the bat. And I mean to see the doctor. You probably think Im kidding, and Im not. Drugs/Remedies will cost you about $200. For what I wanted, I was better off taking the bus to the pharmacy and paying $9 which is what I did. Do yourself a favor though take a taxi.Walking. Yes, you will walk your tail off. But considering that you are at an all-inclusive resort -- exercise is a good thing. We were close to the beach and a walk to the lobby and restaurant area took about 10-15 mins. We often beat the train even though we were the furthest and final stop on the train route. If you are older in age and have problems with mobility, or if you are disabled -- this is probably not the resort for you.Bars and Drinks: Most drinks are natural laxatives. Beer and rum are less troublesome to the body. Despite lots of commentary on this website about poor service at the bars, we never found poor service: And I mean not once! All of the comments about not being served without supplying tips are total garbage (thats rubbish for those in the UK). We did note that some people ordered specialty drinks and in these cases had extreme difficulty communicating their needs to the bartenders -- this was due to the language barrier. Advice: Speaking louder or yelling at the bartender will not expedite your drink order. Duh! If he doesnt understand the words you are using, increasing volume will not improve his comprehension. In fact, youll probably only anger him. Be creative, relax, point to what you want and he will get it for you. And try smiling a little. It actually helps. My wife loved the Banana Mama drinks. I liked the Lime Daiquiri. Both delicious! And yes, you do have to ask for rum for your Pina Colada or you will be served the virgin version. Watch what they put in your rum drinks, often they reach for 151. Ask them to give you white Bacardi so that you dont choke. Best Bartender on the premises: Caribe pool Bernardo. Nice, friendly, remembered what I drank last, and tried to make small talk.Room: This area has received a lot of criticism on the website. We probably lucked out overall. Problem: They gave us room with two twin beds. We complained and they offered to move us to another section of the resort that was much farther from the beach and pool (the two things we actually cared about). We opted to push the beds together and live with it. We liked our location. We were in section 28 on the Caribe side. I could see the pool from my balcony. Generally speaking the room was clean, the AC worked well, no roaches, or unexpected problems. Twice they forgot towels, so I called the front desk and they sent them within 15 mins. Basically, you should expect the maids to only make up the bed and sweep. If you expect them to rearrange your clothes, forget it. Personally, Id rather they leave my stuff alone. But thats me. (Service 3 out 5). I tipped the maid a few times directly. But I only tipped them out of sympathy and not for service. These people are extremely poor. A few bucks goes a long way, so dont be a cheapo. Other notes: No iron in the room, and no room service either. Television movie channel is awesome, and I never watch TV at home. We saw recent hit movies at no extra charge.Phone cards: Dont buy a phone card at home and expect them to work on hotel grounds. We were unable to use the ones we had purchased at Wallgreens; we also witnessed others with the same problem. You will need to purchase a special phone card from the hotel store, and pay a $1 connection fee for each call you make. The special phone card is 10 or 20 bucks. Also, you will need to have someone at the front desk help you to make the call. The operators dont understand English. We witnessed this scenario several times. Also, cell phones have a problem connecting on the property. Its probably cheaper to pay for the phone card and play their silly little game. But at least you are prepared.Dont expect the front desk people to help you out. There is one girl who is helpful she is from Switzerland and works nights. She is just about the only person who is helpful and has good command of the English language. Just to make a point here because Ive seen references on several reviews -- yes, you are in a foreign country, but all of the brochures, adds and advertising that this place does is in English, they would do well to hire a few bilingual folks, or if they really want to save a buck, but still improve their customer service they could bring in a group of bilingual students who would work for credits, experience and beach privileges. If they want American dollars (and they do) then theyll have to get with the program. There advertising gives a very false impression. If you end up with a problem and you dont speak Spanish you could be in trouble.The Beach: It is simply beautiful! (4 out of 5). There are plenty of lounge chairs; the beach for the most part is very clean. The water is clean and refreshing (unlike some Carribean places where you hope to be refreshed and its like jumping in hot soup). There are garbage cans for trash, but we found that some people are just slobs. French people tended to leave their trash all over the place. I dont know why this was. It just was. Men in green uniforms came around and picked up trash about every two hours. They are very friendly people. Twice they chopped fresh coconut for us. Its a way for them to make a few bucks on the side. But, its worth it. The Animacion people (Beach activity people) spend time trying to get people to participate in activities like stretching and volleyball. They are nice although they will ask you 10 times to participate in activities. Oh, well. Beware: Yes, the beach is topless. Obviously, this is a surprise to Americans, and a little unnerving at first. But, after a few days you get used to it, 80% of the women were topless. But no one seemed to make a big deal out of it. We had several comical interludes where we would return to from lunch and find our chairs surrounded by nude sunbathers. But, we chuckled and went back to minding our own business.The pool: Ok, some criticism here. They play the same few CDs over and over again. And they BLAST the music so that the speakers vibrate. This was just plain stupid and tended to ruin the pool bar atmosphere. Many people complained. Literally, people could not hear each other without screaming at each other. I asked them to turn down the music and succeeded a couple of times. Personally, I dont know how the bartenders could deal with it either; they were equally subjected to the ridiculously loud Spanish music. This is an area that needs serious improvement. A mixture of music would be more beneficial and the volume should be placed at a level that doesnt ruin the sound of the music. The pool atmosphere was damaged by the music situation. You are better off sitting some distance away from the bar.The pool (on the Caribe side) itself is beautiful. It was very clean and enjoyable. One complaint as I have read, only one bathroom with one stall. By the middle of the afternoon the bathroom was disgusting. Absolutely disgusting! We were fortunate enough to be so close to our room. Hard to imagine that a facility serving this many people would have one meager bathroom for hundreds of people. (Note: This is the same situation in the restaurants on either side of the resort use the hotel lobby bathrooms, they are maintained and not the restaurant bathrooms).Leaving the compound: We had an amusing experience with leaving the compound. We took at 45 min bus ride to the Plaza Bavaro. I needed to go to the pharmacy for something I had forgotten and wasnt available on the hotel grounds. But this was an adventure. First of all and sadly, the people in the region are very poor. I mean very poor. You will see wooden shacks without windows that serve as dwellings and communities that will make you sick. Seriously, we saw animal barns that would have been better dwellings for human beings. The Plaza Bavaro was loaded with people begging for us to buy things. Dominicans are savvy though; they will start to bargain with you at a price that is so far out of sight - out of mind, that you will think them crazy. They are testing your stupidity level. Example, they wanted to sell me a shirt for $60. In the end, it was probably worth $7 or less, but I ended up paying $10. I felt good anyway and they made a profit. We met up with some Mexican people who spoke English; they were very much in fear as it became dark at night. At one point, a girl on the bus approached me and asked me if I would go with her to her house. She was licking her lips and chatting in Spanish. My wife just looked. It was embarrassing, but fairly amusing. Oh well.My wife had the same experience with earrings and latimer stone (sp?). They will start off outrageous. The best place to buy earrings and jewelry is down the beach. If you are standing on the beach facing the water, turn to your right and walk about 录 mile. Youll see about 30 mini booths in one large open structure set back from the beach -- all booths in serious competition. They will haggle with you and try to steal you away from competitor booths. I guarantee whenever you ask how much something costs you will hear the following responses, Dont worry, I make you good price, and how many, you want, and Cheapy, cheapy price for you. You will rarely get an actual dollar price until you walk away.Night Life: If youre into loud Spanish Music, youll be in paradise. Most people we came in contact with European or American were disappointed with this aspect of the resort. There was one night out of ten that American style music was played it was an absolute hit, but after that day, forget it just like the pool bar crap and noise. The disco was a bomb usually empty. The employees played what they wanted to and the result was an empty disco. After you eat, you might as well go for a walk or wonder back to your room. Nightlife stinks at the Melia.The shows: As most of the review state, these were surprisingly good. Skip the western night show. Its insulting and ridiculous.Water sports: Best part of the trip. The crew down at the scuba shack are fantastic folks! I sailed a catamaran everyday, sometimes twice a day. I found that there were no limits to use of the equipment sunfish, cats, paddle boats, etc. Tip these guys, they work for their money. And they are a funny and entertaining group of guys. And hey, there is a funny Haitian guy who speaks pretty good English. Hell make you laugh.Summary: If you want to get away to rest, youll get rest. If you dont expect much or havent traveled much youll be impressed. If youve traveled before, youll be somewhat disappointed. A Spanish phrasebook is rather useless; youre better off studying some basic Spanish ahead of time. Rememberhit CVS pharmacy and stock up; prepare your stomach for the worst. And dont drink the water! Go to the beach and take in the sun and scenery!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not At Your Service I just returned from a weekend stay at the Melia and was impressed with the beauty of this truly, tropical paradise. This is a romantic place to go if you're honeymooning and in love. I have to say, though, that the service and staff at the hotel need much improvement. The front desk staff, although attempting to be friendly, really need to be able to speak English. They don't understand what you're saying and they yes you to death. They also should give you a thorough orientation and explain that this is a very large property and you CAN get lost. Knowing that there are two reception areas and two trains would have helped. After check-in we walked the huge grounds of the property in the dark, in the rain, looking for our rooms for a good 1/2 hour because the choo choo train driver told us it was ok to get off here (it wasn't). Again, staff who understand English would help. We ran into so many guests wandering around just as lost as we were, asking each other if they knew where this room was or that room was. It was crazy. I also can't believe the cavalier attitude of the front desk staff when we asked why one of our room keys no longer worked. He actually laughed while he went to investigate. Being locked out of your room is no laughing matter. The staff needs to show concern when an issue is raised, not laught it off. The absolute worst part of the stay was being walked in on by a bellhop while I was standing half-naked getting dressed in my room. He did not bother to knock at all, he just opened the door with a master key, thinking the room was empty. He had two other guests and their luggage with him and he was bringing them into my room! Unbelievable! I've never been so embarrassed in my life. He walked in on my friend across the hall too, who was also getting dressed. Again, when we complained to management, there was that air of unconcern. As a Marriott hotel, I'm really shocked at this level of service. Needless to say, I won't ever be back.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No fun! My husband and I stayed at the resort in November and I also felt that the staff was rude and did not really care if our needs were met.  There was no organization and the maid service was not very good. There was alot of food but really nothing good to eat.  I would not go back to vacation here and would recommend anyone to consider spending their money and time elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nothing to complain about I stayed at the Melia Caribe from 28 OCT 03 for 12 nights. I booked through Thomsons Holidays and flew into La Romana with Thomas Cook.Luckily we were flying back from Punta Cana so wouldnt have to endure the long transfer from La Romana again approx 90 mins). On arriving at the hotel i was very impressed by the reception areas.After checking in, where we had no problems,we got the train to our room which is in block 33. Block 33 is situated just across from the main pool area and approx 150m from the beach. Our room was clean and had a view over the magnificent gardens which are very well kept.We never had 1 insect in our room,the rooms were made up everyday and our mini bar was re-stocked as and when it needed to be. Flowers were placed in our bathroom everyday which was a lovely touch. The hotel provides bottle water in your mini bar for brushing teeth etc.The hotel also uses purified water for ice and stuff. The food was of excellent quality although i did prefer the a la carte restaurant myself.The waiters are very helpful and keep your drinks topped up and the service was very speedy.The only down side to these restaurants was that they didnt change their menus,they could do with having two menus. I would personally recommend the international a la carte rest 'le gourmet'. I did sample the Japanese rest which was fun seeing the food being cooked in front of you and getting to chat to other guests (you do meet some interesting people). I loved the fired ice cream (its a must for anyone) and its not all Shushi. Breakfast was a dream everything from fry-ups to chocolate muffinsdoughnuts and stuff.Loads of choice for dinner aswell. The animation team were very busy during the day organising activities on the beach or in the pool. The entertainment at night was good,you can tell that they put a lot of hard work into them especially the dancers,the show titled 'melia award' was very good. They usually have bingo or quizzes before the shows which are spoke in 3 different languages.The language barrier which everyone seems to mention did not cause myself any problems at all. Our rep did provide us with phone cards which enaled us to call home from our rooms they are about 825 pesos and lasted about 10 mins. The hotel does make a small connection charge of about 25 cents which is nothing.I found Punta Cana airport brilliant,it was a thatched roof but very comfortable inside and looks out onto the tarmac. I cant believe people can find things to compalin about at this hotel,i thought it was excellent and being a travel agent i will deinately be recommending it to my clients,in fact ive already made 1 booking there since ive been back.If you would like to askme any questions then please dont hesitate to contact me at wendy_moorhouse@yahoo.co.uk  
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>vacation from hell My wife and I have just returned from our vacation from hell on November 16, 2003. Although we did not experience Travellers Diarrhea or other third world maladies, we did experience systemic problems with this hotel. First, the staff in most part does not speak English and treats most Americans like second class cattle. Even though my wife speaks Spanish and was born in the Dominican Republic they were yessing us to death when we complained. Second, this Hotel cuts costs in the most unhealthy manner. For instance, I marked every sheet and pillow case in conspicuous fashion only to find out that the maids are under a strict but tacit policy not to change the sheets daily. Also, forget about the cleanliness of the food handlers since they do not follow any regimen of proper food handling. And, washing after going to the bathroom...forget about it. I was at this Hotel for nine days and personally witnessed at least one dozen food handlers go to the bathroom while I was doing my business and observed that they did not wash their hands after they did their business and then followed them back to their food prepatory areas only to see them handle the food...now, how disgusting, unsanitary and potentially dangerous is that? Most of the parents who brought children were complaining about the mold in their rooms as well as the stale air being pushed through the air conditioning vents. And, the biting insects especially the mosquitos...all we had to do was to just look at our fellow guests who were eaten alive as we were despite daily doses of peet and other repellents. THE HOTEL DOES NOT PROPERLY FUMIGATE, AND THE LITTLE FUMIGATION IT DOES DO WAS INEFFECTIVE. And, the bugs were omnipresent especially on the food. I would strongly recommend against bringing children to this Hotel out of fear for their safety. Of course there were a few shining moments the best being taken by taxi to the airport for our return to JFK. This place is a tragedy.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Getaway at the Melia Caribe Our first trip to Punta Cana was a great time. We stayed at the Melia Caribe and the reosrt is beautiful and very well kept. After reading reviews before our trip we really didn't know what to expect. Complaints of poor housekeeping and sickness from the food and water never materialized. We stayed nov. 2 - 5, a short trip, but experienced enough to come home and recommend this resort to all of our friends. We ate in the Italian, Japanese and Seafood retaurants for dinner (only stayed 3 nights) and enjoyed them completely. Breakfast and lunch were also good at different places, special requests were accepted.Workers are pleasant and will do anything for you and we only experienced minor language problems. at no time did we feel we were being ignored by the staff. Our room, which were very large with a terrace, was cleaned everyday by the time we got back from breakfast and the staff was always trying to organize activities at the beach and pool areas. the weather was very warm and sunny w/ rain showers at night. the casino and the shows kept us quite busy. we would defintely return to the melia Caribe.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trouble in Paradise My husband and I stayed at the Melia Caribe from Oct. 25-Nov. 1 and found it a really beautiful place. We did tip the staff frequently and it did seem as though they expected it. The pool and beach were just wonderful. The room was very nice, kept up well. We did not drink any water, brushed our teeth with bottled water but still got sick (along with quite a few members of the large group we travelled with). I don't think that the hotels should have the Apple Rep stress that all drinks and foods on the resort are safe to eat because this is the second Apple vacation all-inclusive that we have gone on and gotten sick.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A visual paradise I went to Melia Caribe for a week On October 13, 2003. I have been to many of the Carribean island Resorts, hotels, etc. This is without exception one of the most beautiful resorts in the Carribean. The grounds, rooms, spas, and public areas are spectacular. The weather and beach were beautiful. The restautants are beautifully decorated, however the food in general would rate a 5-6 on a scale from 1-10. Unfortunately the restaurants do not seem to be managed adequately and we saw some less than sanitary conditions. The Japanese restaurant was the only one we had to make reservations for and it was not up to par, the food was very bland. Don't bother getting up early to make reservationsThe water is not potable and 10 of the people in our party of 13 had a problem. We were unsure if it was the food or water. The Fall is a very pleasant time to go as it is not overly crowded. The room service was spotty, although others in our party said it was very good. If the food preparation were better and the probability of getting diarhea was not so high this certainly would be a place I would frequent.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Appearances can be deceiving... My boyfriend and I have travelled to several different Caribbean destinations and we have always stayed at an all-inclusive resort. We were anxious to go to the Melia Caribe because it appeared to be so fantastic in the brochure. Well, appearances were somewhat deceiving in this case. True, the resort itself was beautiful, from the architecture to the grounds. However, the beauty of the resort was overshadowed by poor service and a lack of any type of ambience.The staff definitely seemed to cater more to the spanish and European guests (we are American.) I cannot tell you the number of times that we were ignored in the bars, restaurants, and reception desks. The resort is pretty large and was overbooked, which meant that EVERYWHERE you went was crowded and had lines.The atmosphere was not enjoyable either. There was horrible, blaring, piped-in spanish music playing all the time. Not exactly relaxing! Other guests (not Americans) were often rude, cutting in front at the buffet and bar lines and interrupting us while we would be speaking to the people at the front desk.To top it all off, there were FLIES EVERYWHERE. At the restaurants, bars, beach, you name it. GROSS.I would not reccomend this overpriced (by Dominican standards) resort to anyone!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So-So We spent 5 days and 4 nights (Oct. 27 - 31). I thought the food was awful and the grounds were way too big. If you don't like to walk, this is not the place for you. The Casino was a joke, very small. The rooms were ok (we only saw one cockroach). I thought the staff were very friendly but if you don't speak spanish your going to have a problem. They speak very little to no english. I wouldn't recommend it to my friends. But on the other hand my boyfriend really loved it. So like anything else, it depends on the person.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! Wow, where to start? I guess with the fact that we were very pleased to find that MOST of the negative crap people write about was completly not true!! We were a little anxious about going to this resort because of the negative reviews by some people. Let me tell you, DON'T BELIEVE THEM! This is an awesome resort! They cater to you regardless of your nationalaty! I guess there is always one in every crowd!! The resort is very large and yes you might have to wait a few minutes for the train, or walk (Oh, my). The grounds are beautiful and maticulusly kept. You will feel you are in Eden. The beaches are beautiful, yes a little sea grass washes up each night, but the resort has workers out there everyday raking the beach clean. Honestly when I saw the sea grass I laughed out loud! I could not believe people would gripe about this! Again, my resolve that you just will never please everyone. Do not be afraid of the food (even at the buffets) it was wonderful. I agree that the best meals were at the A La Carte resturants and the best in our opinion where the French, Japaniese, Le Gourmet but we also enjoyed the Mexican and the Italian. The last night we were there we went to the International buffet, it was halloween night and the waiters etc. all dressed up and the whole place was decorated with carved pumpkins, mangos and pinapples. The rooms are very nice, marble everywhere and were kept that way. We tipped our maid daily ($2 - $3) and again at the end (~$10) because she took such good care of us. We would leave a note on the pillow if we needed anything. Once we requested more water for our frig. From then on it was full of water every day, she even left extra water on beside the frig! We enjoyed some of the activities including the Kon Tiki snorkeling trip. This crew really puts on a show and a good time is guaranteed! We also took a ride on the Ultra Flight boat. It is an Ultra light (hang glider) mounted on a rubber boat. This was the biggest thrill!! The view is awesome, I highly recomend it. It costs $60 dollars (US) and is worth every penny!! We also took the Bravo Splash tour. On this tour you go down the beach aways (they pick you up in the lobby) and they take you to their beach, where you go through a short safety and training then you swim out to your own (two man) speed boat. You then drive them in single file following a guide for about 30 minutes to a platform boat. You park your boat with the help of the guides and then proceed to the platform boat where they provide drinks (soda) and then give you snorkeling gear. You snorkel for a while and then back into your speed boat and off you go back to the beach where you started. This was alot of fun and when you get back they have a bottle of rum with a picture of you on the label (they take of you as you arrive) and offer for sale to you for an additional charge. Everyone bought theirs. I recommend always taking cash with you on tours as they usually ask for tips for the crew. We were glad to tip as we always had a wonderful time. By the way, we brushed our teeth with faucet water and ate at all the buffets - NO PROBLEM. We also had Ice in all our drinks and drank frozen drinks - NO PROBLEM. I did not meet one person who got ill while we were there and we met alot of really nice people. Well, I hope this helps anyone who is thinking about visiting this wonderful resort. There was more to do than we could do in the week that we were there and we will return and recommend to our family and friends. Feel free to contact me at cjstaat@sbcglobal.net if you have any questions, I'd be delighted to help. Chers!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation Overall had a great time at the resort. The grounds are very beautiful. The resort is huge, so bring comfortable shoes for walking. They have a train there, but we rarely used it, let alone even see it. The beach was very nice. There was some seaweed, but it was at a minimum. They clean the beach of seaweed every morning. Nightly entertainment (shows) were absolutely lame. We were definitely discriminated against because we are american. Not too bad, but enough to make us unhappy by the end of the trip. Try to use their language (spanish) and you will receive better service. As for tipping, there was no need. We got the same service whether we tipped or not. Rooms were very nice and well air conditioned. We left a tip of $3 the first day and the $2 2 days later, no need for more. Just remember, you are going to the carribbean, service is going to be slow and the food will be so-so. The best food can be found at the seafood, japanese, and french restaurants. We did not get sick while we were there for 4 nights. Do not drink the water, do no eat any fruit. Stay away from the buffets and opt for the al la carte dinners. We drank frozen mixed drinks the whole stay and we were fine. Leave a lot of time for check-out, it is VERY slow. Well, that is my review, we had a great time there. It is a cheap vacation area and overall thought it was excellent. Next trip though, i will spend a little extra money and go somewhere nicer.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Everything about it !!! My boyfriend and I visited the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort in Punta Cana from Aug. 9 - Aug 16th. We too, were very apprehensive about going because of all the negative feedback we read. I almost cancelled the trip because of it.Yes, the airport in Punta Cana is a thatched hut....a bit intimidating. Make sure you bring a pen because you have to fill out the visa paperwork before you can even get your baggage - $10 for the visa. If you don't book your trip through a travel agency and you don't have arranged ground transportion to the resort from the airport, use a yellow cab (a dullish color yellow). It's approx. $20US from the airport.Check-in was great...no wait to get our room. The grounds are very large and spread out, so be sure you take the map they give you when you walk around for the first couple of days. Rooms were great......DON'T DRINK THE WATER. ....not even to brush your teeth. Use bottled water. The ice and frozen drinks, however, are fine. I drank frozen drinks all week and did not have one problem with my stomach. A couple we met there had stomach problems because they used the water when they brushed their teeth.Food was fabulous....we didn't have a bad meal. If you are going to the Japanese restaurant (they cook in front of you), you must make reservations the morning you plan on going. You have to go to the lobby on the Tropical side in person and make the reservations (get there early as they start at 9:00 a.m. and there is usually a long line by 8:30). If you are making reservations for 4 rooms, 4 people have to be there. One person cannot make reservations for 12 people. The say men have to wear long pants and shoes (no sandals) to dinner, but they won't kick you out if you have shorts on. They just don't want you to look like you just walked off the beach.There is definitely a language barrier, but you're in THEIR country, so you need to adapt. I didn't know any spanish going there but was able to get by. Americans are constantly saying that immigrants need to learn English if they are going to live in the US. The same applies in D.R.We tipped the bartenders, maids and wait staff...all were very pleasant and we never waited a long time for anything. Leaving $1 at the bar when you get a drink means a lot to the bartender that served you.It's EXTREMELY humid. If you are walking around the resort, you'll want to take a bottle of water with you. The grounds are absolutely beautiful !! Colorful plants and flowers....and very well manicured.When you check in, you'll get a card for a towel (one card for each person). You can get a towel by each of the big pools. When you turn your towel in, you'll get your card back. You give the card back when you check out of the resort.The resort does NOT have an ATM machine, although the resort does accept US dollars at the gift shop, the shops on the beach, and the tours.Remember, you're on vacation.....RELAX. We're already planning our return trip for next year with the rest of my family.If anyone has any questions, please feel free to e-mail me: anitafaurot@hotmail.com  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise, Awesome One of the greatest experiences of our lives! We went for 7 glorious days in Oct. 03 and we will definately be going back. This resort is so breath takingly gorgeous. Terrific landscaping, gorgeous beaches, awesome pools, fun casino, nice clean rooms. The whole place was spic and span! Great selection of restaurants for dining. Huge assortment of different foods for breakfast. Lots and Lots of drinks, margaritas, daquiris and of course Presidente beer, the only kind of beer on the island, but it was good. Kind of like Michelobe. Don't be in a hurry because none of the servers will be. Not necessarily bad service, they are very laid back. The majority of the servers, bar tenders, servers at the restaurants etc. were nice enough. Some real nice and others kind of like yeah what do you want. Same thing you could get here in the USA. I can't say enough positive things about this place. Little bit of a lanquage barrior, good idea to catch up on your spanish before you go, but it just added to the fun. If you have an opportunity to go, please do, you will never regret it. We sure didn't and we will be going back!!!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If your check-in is flawless you are in for a treat. If it isn't, get ready to cry!!! I just came back from Punta Cana and stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical. I read all of the reviews before going down there and what can I say: they are all true, the good ones and the bad ones. I guess it is all a matter of luck and having the right expectations.Expectations: First of all, it is a third world country, so the airport is typical of the region (very cute by the way, I felt on vacation as I looked out) and the road is a bit bumpy. Yes, it does take half an hour to get to the airport but hey, JFK is 45 minutes away from my house. I didn't expect the hotel to be right outside the door so this is not a problem. Second, if you are expecting the Ritz Carlton in Cannes, don't go to DR. You go to DR for the clear water, white sandy beaches, dark mixed mestizo people who speak another language and exotic animals. By the way, I never saw a bird or animal inside a restaurant. That comment is very strange. The staff is very helpful, you just have to make the effort to break the ice. Let's face it, people who do not speak English or do not speak it very well (most of them know some) get intimidated when we speak fast and use a demanding tone. I went up to the bar and waited a couple of minutes, then I called the bartender and said Amigo!! Una cerveza He smiled, then I looked at his name tag and from then on I would go by and say: Carlos, a beer please! After that we were best friends and I always spoke English after that. I did the same thing with Santa, Asuncion, Ernestina, Pablo, etc. They didn't say much but they understood and got me what I wanted. I didn't tip them some times because I didn't have money handy but they didn't seem to mind. The Spaniards (who are all over) never tip, uhmm? Third, expect a Hotel like no other. It's just beautiful: the lobbies (there are two), the gardens, the rooms, the pools, etc. They are all top rated. So expect physical beauty everywhere. Forth: expect a regular breakfast and lunch buffet just like any other. At night, dress up and try the different a la carte restaurants. You'll feel in a different country every night and the food is great.The luck factor: If you are lucky enough to have a smooth check in process you are all set for the perfect vacation. If nothing goes wrong, then you will have no reason why to dislike this hotel. I talked to some people and they didn't have a problem at all. I also talked to some people who had problems with the room and I saw the frustration in their faces every time they went by. I had problems checking in, I was not lucky but I was able to move on and brush off those terrible incidents. Nevertheless, these are things that this hotel needs to review in order for it to continue to be visited by Americans. A bit of background and some helpful hints: No one, absolutely no one can check in before 3pm. This is a NO-NO. Whatever!! but if you get there prior to 3pm, don't be disoriented. If you are, you'll end up sitting in the lobby (it's beautiful) drinking beer until 3pm. The reception people will tell you that you can go and have lunch at the restaurants by the beach, I don't know why they hide the fact that the Italian restaurant is open and how to get there. Have in mind that to get to the beach from the lobby you need to take a train for 10 minutes, it's hot and you have regular clothes. Don't believe them, the Italian restaurant is open and you can walk to it. So, have a beer and then go and eat but don't go to the beach, it's a trek. At 3pm, pray that there are no problems with your room, if there is, your luggage will get lost, you will have to go back and forth on the little train all afternoon trying to fix the problems. The phone is not good, they tell you YES, YES and do nothing. This is the cardinal rule when visiting this hotel: the reception staff has one motto and I put this in capital letters, remember it and make decisions according to it. Here it is: AS A MEMBER OF THE RECEPTION AREA STUFF, I WILL ALWAYS SAY YES, WE ARE ON THE WAY, IT'S BEING FIXED RIGHT NOW, ETC. BUT NEVER, EVER FOLLOW UP ON ANYTHING BECAUSE I WILL BE OFF DUTY IN 2 HOURS AND I REALLY DO NOT CARE!!! I dealt with 5 different people and they all did the same thing. They even look at you with that look as if you know that is what they are going to do. This is very sad because you pay your money to get something and that does not matter. My problem: my problem was that I was given a room. I was given the keys and as I walked in the room I found myself standing next to a bed with a white sheet under which was what seemed to be two human bodies involved in a lovely act. I did not move, I couldn't. Then I don't remember how, I ran out, closed the door behind me and knocked. The gentleman was already at the door, I excused myself and told him that I had keys that open his room. We walked into the room to use the phone, lady wrapped totally under the white sheet, the reception said to me that there was not problem and that we had gone to the wrong place. H E L L O !! The keys opened the door and the number on the check-in card read that number. But saying this did not matter, I had to admit it was my fault and go back to the room. According to them, I went to the wrong place, yeah right!!! Once at the counter (after taking the train back in 97 degree weather), C A R L O S (he probably wrote the motto above) said to me: your room is facing the garden and it only has one bed motto smile First of all, there is no garden view, if you don't look to the pool side you look to a fence and a construction site on the other side. Besides, we paid $150 more per person so that we could be on the second floor looking towards the pool. I told them that couldn't be but he said YES, THAT'S WHAT IIT IS. I told him that we had paid for the pool view and two beds. He said fine, we will refund your the $20 per day you paid extra No, no!! I said. Then he went back and came back with my hotel voucher, smiling he said to me: Sir, you can not have, what you did not pay for. Not only do you not have two beds, you do not have a view of the pool I took hold of the voucher, grabbed a pen and circle the areas as I said to him Two dbl beds mean 'two double beds', 4 nights POV means 'Partial Ocean View' dos camas y vista a oceano! He hated me for this right then an there. The motto came to play now and he said that we will have a bed but another one will be there in an hour. The second bed never came. Every time I asked they said it was on the way but it NEVER CAME!! We had not remote, it was always on the way, it NEVER CAME, we had not coffee maker, it was always on the way, it NEVER CAME. One day there were not towels, we asked they didn't come that day. There was not shampoo one day, we asked and we were told that the bubble bath was the shampoo. He he he...this was funny so we asked the first guy who came by where we could find some shampoo and he just knocked next door, no one opened, he slid his master key, went in and took the opened shampoo bottle. So much for security!!!Anyway, take your time to enjoy the scenery and the exotic beautiful installations. If you have any problems with the reception staff, save your energy, they will not do anything about it. That is why I will not go back to this hotel. I already saw how beautiful it is but I do not want to feel as little as I did there. I will only go back when they fire Carlos from the reception area.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel was beyond expectations, but the service was poor I just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropical and I had a great time. The hotel was beautiful, music was great, food was delicious.My favorite restauants were the Japanese, French, the Seafood, then the Mexican .My complaints were only that the staff should be multi-langual, the staff that dealt with the vacationers, hardly spoke english, and it prove to be very frustating, And also, throughout, my whole trip I never heard any american music, not even rb in the disco. I have travel to mexico, costa rico and san juan, so i was disappointed about that especially since the only nightly activites is for the none latin music people are the casino. The shows at night are ok.I would return to the hotel but only after I have heard the staff becomes more professional.There are plenty watersports to do, beachball, volleyball, all of that was fun.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked the Melia Tropical       this was on our glass bottomed boat  
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Going Back Next Year Just got back from D.R. last night. Stayed Oct. 13 - 17, 2003. We had mixed emotions upon arrival from reading the negative reviews but they were proven wrong. It took only 20 minutes to arrive at the resort and upon arrival we recieved top notch service. They were 11 in our group with only 2 that could speak spanish. One thing, it is very very humid, drink lots of fluids. Besides that everything is wonderful, the service, the resort, the people. I made friends with one of the hotel workers who was kind enough to take me through the countryside after he got off. He didn't even charge me. We went as if we were two long lost buddies. I got to see a part of the island most tourist could only dream about. I will definitely keep in touch w/ him for my return. Oh yeah, as for speaking for some of us, we did not get sick. The rest of the family has not returned as of yet, they extended their stay.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just came back form Melia - great resort Weve been watching your site, fort he last 6 months and have been collecting information about Meli Caribe, in Punta Cana. We had mixed feelings, about visiting the Melia, (resulting from some bad reviews), but were happily surprised that hardly anything was true (from the bad side of the reviews). We are a married German /American couple, in the early 40麓s. My wife is German. We stayed at the Melia Caribe from the 26th of September till the 10th of October 2003. The first issue I would like to address is the issue of people getting sick. Me, being an American and my wife being German, had no problems at all! I mad some observations that may make some people think. One: in your hotel suite, there is a sign that instructs you not to drink the tap water logical. There is enough water in the mini bar (and if there isn麓t enough, just call the service number and they will stock up your mini bar with water and soda, real quick). You can get bottled water, everywhere, and the water served at the bars and restaurants are bottled water. Two: Alcohol. We drank our share of alcohol, on our trip. (My wife drank more than I did, as I was scuba diving almost everyday). Alcohol will dehydrate you. FACT. It is so hot and humid, you need to replenish the water your body, normally, transpires. If you drink alcohol, you need to drink additional water. Ask your doctor if you dont believe me. I say a lot of English speaking people drinking. I heard of, only, one person getting sick. (I knew this person he started drinking gin and tonics at 8 AM). He had a slight case of heat stroke and needed to be rehydrated and given medication to ease his digestive problems. (It cost him $220.00 for 15 minutes and 3 medications). Now, as far as our trip: Airport: We flew from Nuremburg, Germany, via Puerta Plata, to Punta Cana. A real romantic airport. We were greeted by 2 lovely ladies, which took our pictures. (You can buy them, at your departure, for $6.00). The only negative thing I can say is that we were took by an airport security guard. Before you leave the baggage claim, your baggage will be checked. He started to check my laptop and said if I would give him a gift, I wouldn麓t have to open all of the other bags. Cost me $5.00 some security! Walk out to the bus was about 200 feet. Didn麓t pay for a bag boy. Hotel: Everything, as far as the ground and the rooms, was like the people, on this board, described Beautiful!! We had signed up for the MAS program http://www.solmelia.com/sol/mas/jsp/CMasHome.jsp and were not disappointed. During our stay, we received 3 fruit baskets and a bottle of rum, and daily newspapers. I dont know if tipping the maids (we tipped them the first day and then again halfway thru our stay) made a difference, but the room was tip top everyday. Air conditioning worked, no problems. We stayed at the Block 34, next to the pool. Check out was at 3 PM instead of 12 noon (MAS benefit). Restaurants: Since I am a picky eater, I was very curious as to what I would find. I did not have any problems! I, only, avoided one restaurant The Capri as it only serves seafood, but the other restaurants were great. A good selection for any ones麓 tastes. Was a little disappointed in the Japanese restaurant, but others found it ok. We spent most of the mornings by the Grill Turey, and had most of our lunches there also. TIP: take the train, early, as around 8 PM its always full and a 10 minute walk up to the restaurants. Service: I have seen a lot of complaints about the service. I am an American, but have travelled, around the world, a lot. The waiters are very friendly and try to speak English. I remembered that this is their country and I try to communicate with them with their language. When foreigners try to speak to people in America (I have witnessed this many times) they are expected to speak English. Well, what is wrong with Dominican people expecting foreigners to speak their language? At least they are trying. Remember, we are guests in their country, so try to expect them to treat you as you would treat them in YOUR country. I had 3 years of Spanish in high school, and got by. I had a lot of fun with the staff. When I needed to contact guest services or the reception, everybody spoke pretty good English. I noticed that the lower paid staff had more difficulties with English. As far as the bar or restaurants go, we had no problems communicating with anyone. Everybody was very friendly. As far as tipping goes, well, we left a few dollar tips, here and there, where we thought the service was exceptionally good. We never had to wait, more than a few minutes, for a drink at the bar. I guess its the way you present yourself to the bartender / waiter. I dont think it makes that much of a difference if you tip them a lot. We were with 2 other German couples, which did not speak very much English. It is strange that they did not have many problems. The service spoke, practically, no German. They got by great! I dont want to get up on my high horse, but maybe somebody, reading this article, will benefit from the comments I am making. Telephone: As I own a business, I needed to be in contact with my business, at home. I did some research and found a lady who rented a SIM chip card for tri band cell phones, It cost me 15.00 for 2 weeks and I saved a lot of money. Write this lady an e mail, and she will hook you up. ... This isn麓t SPAM, it has been mentioned, all over the web.This is the second all inclusive resort, I have visited. All other resorts have been half pension (2 kids). So I can not say if this is the best resort. I can only express my opinion and say that if I return to Punta Cana, I will book this resort again. Anybody wanting a copy of the resorts layout, or have any other questions, please feel free to contact me at frank@fphillips.de  
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Alright !!!!!!! Went here throught Thomas Cook for 2 weeks at the end of September 03.Upon arrival at La Romona airport we were seen to very quickly (bring a couple of pens for your visa, theres always a shortage).Took approx 90 mins to travel from the airport to the hotel, travelling through Huiguey. No-one tells you that its fully legal and promoted (free alcohol when you use a car wash) to drink drive in this part of the world, hence the dozens of near misses on our long and scary bus ride.Upon arrival at the hotel, we were checked in immediately and given our room keys. Check the bell boys put the correct number on your luggage tag, we told them in english one number and they wrote a compltely different one down.ROOM. If your wanting a ocean view, forget it. NO rooms in this hotel have ocean views, all you will see is a few trees leaning over your balcony. No irons in your room so bring your own. The bathroom door has frosted glass on it, so don't count on any privacy. Very large beds was a bonus and were comfy. TV in the room had tons of channels to watch with loads of really good movies which always helped on the rainy days. You have to use the phones in your room apparantly to phone home (so our rep told us), luckily we had bought some phonecards from the postoffice for 拢10 for 11 mins to the UK, other guests were paying $4 per minute to phone the UK, so bring postoffice phonecards brits. Basic decoration in the room, nothing fancy. Marbled bathroom with a shower in the bathtub, however after seeing a cockroach in the tub after the 1st day this put me off having long soaks in the tub. There were dozens of tiny bugs around the sink were the flowers had been left as well. Room Service was a bit hit and miss. We left $5 tips but had to call guest services many times after 5pm because they haden't been in the day to clean the rooms. They clean your rooms from 7am till 5pm so you can have as much of a lie in as you want, or so I thought. BRING EARPLUGS WITH YOU. From 6.30am you will either be woke up by the loudest motorbikes on the planet or you will be woke up by the maids banging and shouting. The walls are so thin you can hear the guests in the next room sneezing as if in the same room. Also the sliding balcony doors windows don't seem to keep the noise out either. So don't count on any sleep in's after 6.30am honest. The method of transport for all the staff on the complex was by moped/motorbike. These are the loudest I've ever heard, some mornings it sounded like a racing rally which really annoyed me. Oh forgot to mention the cockrel that woke us when the sun came up.What no-one told me and my partner before we got here was that around 90% of guests are from Spain or spanish, around 4% german, around 4% french, 1% american and 1% british. In holiday destinations we have been before they have had different coloured wristbands to say who spoke english and who didn't. Here you are surrounded by spanish speaking people, which is obviously there language but when you hear it all day with no english or american people its a bit alienating. The reason none of the staff speak any english is because they don't have to because 9/10 of the guests are spanish and they get by on that. Not even guest services spoke english, no-one did. Oh apart from that friendly waiter, NOT, who said you from england, your prime minister tony blair, friend with Saddam Heusain ok, and then walking off as we were deeply offended.CASINO / SPORTS BAR:- The main hang out place for ANY brits or americans (none speaking spanish people) in the evenings was the casino sports bar area. This is the only place that plays english music, which was all 80's, however the same cd gets played night after night here. They do have a pool table in the casino bar, so in order get it you usually have to be there at 8pm when the doors open. Any brit or american in the complex seemed to gather here and play pool against one another, which was all very friendly and we met loads of other interesting people here. The casino bar is also the coolest (temperature) place to be in the evening, it has the best air conditioning. They have many international drinks available at this bar, however its $3 per drink if you want the international stuff. The casino has roulette, black jack, poker and slot machines. Here's a tip for you if your going in there, first roulette table, black 26. That number comes out more times than I don't know what. One american guy went in there with around $200 when it opened, as I watched him put $200 on the black 26 I thought how stupid he was. Sure enough he won on black 26. Thinking it was a scam I asked how he knew and he said the same thing happens every night (as he walks off with tons of chips with his glam wife), very strange if you ask me.SHOWS:- We watched most of the shows from 10pm till 11pm in the caribe theatre next to the casino. I cannot fault the shows here, they were fantastic. The cheoraphy and the outfits were brilliant. They must put so much effort into the routines. The only thing I think this place lacked was audience participation evenings. If they did kareioki or audience talent shows that would of been good. The music from the decades night was the best with the michael jackson performances, it had the crowd going wild.BARS IN THE COMPLEX:- As said in previous posts, don't expect to get served within 10 minutes unless you tip tip tip. We tipped $5 to one barman in the caribe lobby bar but it was the guests who tipped $10 that got seen to. They do have lots of locally branded drinks available, but the international ones come at a cost.If you hate the smell of cigarettes or cigars, don't come here. Although the place is open plan there is no air in the evenings, and you find yourself sitting in a haze of cigarette and cigar smoke.RESTAURANTS:- All very good, but all very repetitive, serving the same things night after night.CHINESE:- Serving starters of mini spring rolls, wonton soup, mini chicken wings. Main Courses of Beef and oyster sauce, pork sweet and sour, duck and pancakes, with mixed fried rice. Sweets of Icecream. Nice decor playing classical music, excellent wines here. If you want to be in and out within an hour and half then go before 7pm, if you go after 7pm you'll find you wont leave till well after 9pm because its so busy.JAPANESE:- Book this in the caribe lobby at 9am. Don't attempt to go after 9.15am because its booked up. This place had the friendliest waiters and chefs. They cook everything in front of you, best to get there around 20 mins before, because they serve all kinds of international drinks. They have choices of shrimps, chicken or beef stirfry, along with fried rice, and with the best fried icecream in batter. Apparantly you surround the icecream with cornflakes, then you deep fry it to stop it melting. When we went one night one couple arrived and asked if there were any free spaces, he slipped the doorman $5 and he was quickly taken to a table.MA MAISON:- French Restaurant. This one we were most suprised about. Both myself and the hubby thought we would go here, not like anything and end up at the international buffet. However they served superb chicken in mushroom sauce and beef in conyac, and the meal was excellent.LA CAPRI:- Seafood Restaurant. They serve lobster here, although its not a full lobster, they call it baby lobster, hence the name, its small. A bit faffy the food here. One time we had everything pipping hot the next time it was just warm.LA GONDALA:- Italian Restaurant. They say this is a buffet restaurant, its only a buffet restaurant in the day time and not at night. At lunch time expect tasty lasagne, as much as you can eat, and lots of other nice italian foods. In the evening expect all the left overs from the day. On our first night we both went to the Italian for a meal and both had lasagne, served in a small boat shaped bowl, when it arrived I tasted it and it was cold on one side. I moved it near to me and the other side of the bowl was burning hot and I burnt my thumb and dropped it very loudly. I was telling another guest from New York about this a few nights later and they said the same thing happened to them, one side of the lasagne pipping hot the other side cold, so they obviously use a microwave to warm things up.TUREY GRILL:- In the morning and dinner, this was the best place to eat. For breakfasts they had cereals, exotic fruits, dougnuts, croissants, waffles, bagels, breads, make your own omellets, fresh juices, you don't really go hungry here. Dinner time here is best. They have a pizza station, they have an outside grill that has the best burgers, chicken and beef burgers, hot dogs, sausages, kfc style chicken, bread rolls etc, very nice.THE BEACH:- Yes it was lovely. There was no seaweed when we arrived, however after around 5 days it was obviously that it haden't been cleared away. I think in the 2 weeks we were there it was only cleared when we arrived and then slightly tickled up 1 time after that. It was quiet sad to see that alot of the guest were obviously too lazy to walk a few steps to the bins behind them, because there were so many plastic cups and cigarette butts lying around. You don't get any hastle on the beach from anyone selling anything, which was a relief. We both walked along the coast as if turning right when approaching the beach. We pasted Bavaro resorts which was next door and this seemed massive compared to ours, and Melia did look alot nicer than there. There are beach vendors next to the turey on the tropical side. There very friendly and aren't too pushy, they let you have a look around. They will give you cigars if you let them, they will also give you a small beaded necklace and they gave the hubby a love necklace. They were all free, and didn't expect anything which was nice. They are much more cheaper for buying presents than at the complex shop. For a collection of gifts to take home they charged initially $55, and we got them down to $25.Both myself and my partner felt 2 weeks was far too long for us here, and by the end it really dragged for us. You can't go out of the complex onto a bus and go to a city to party, you are confined to the complex whether you like it or not and all of the guests we spoke to felt this way.If you haven't been to a caribbean all inclusive holiday before, you would probably find this place heaven, as some guests who haden't been to the caribbean before said.Both me and the hubby know was superior standards are because we visited Moon Palace in Cancun last year. Moon Palace would get a full 99% for there complex (let down 1% because of there beach), and I would give this place a 65% marking.We paid each 拢1100 for 2 weeks from the UK to stay here, if we'd of paid 拢1700 you could of got superior luxury beyond your wildest dreams and stayed at Moon Palace.If you haven't booked here I personally wouldn't recomend it, I would say save the extra and go to Moon Palace in Mexico if you like HIGH standards.Lots of couples had there wedding here or honeymoon. I would of personally been disappointed if this place was my honeymoon because I know what excellent quality is and this place wasen't excellent.I guess we have been spoilt in the past with Moon Palace and we have something superior to compare this place too.If you haven't been to a all inclusive 12 restaurant complex in the caribbean before you would probably love it. Although I wouldn't recomend.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing What an amazing place. We were down for our honeymoon and we could not have had a better time.We were apprehensive going down having read the negative reviews on this site. All I can say is that these people must be impossible to please.It was truly paradise.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Place, Do not know why people winge so much!! Stayed for two weeks back in June  was meaning to write some feedback for some time...Anyway the grounds are beautiful  there were always gardeners working away. There is a choice of over 10 places to eat (I recommend the Japenese as food is nice but its a good way to meet people over dinner) so if you don't like one, just get up  go to another! The pools were superb but the beach wasn't your 'picturesque' caribbean beaches you see on TV etc as there was a lot of sea weed but this was cleaned off every morning. One downside was the drinks service at the bar.They never seem to notice if someones is waiting for ages! By all means this isn't really a 5* resort but for the price is it very good value for money. You will definately enjoy. Remember you are not going to a developed country so keep an open mind, dont expect all facilities  services that you receive back home!! Just chill out  have a good time like you should in the Caribbean.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>laid back and restful the quintessential tropical Island. The grounds were magnificient. The beach was perfect. If you are looking for an inexpensive vacation this place is beyond perfect. Of course you can spend more money and go to the Atlantis!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Vacation Just returned from the melia caribe tropical arrived home 03.09.03 and the hotel is absolutely beautiful the grounds are enormous and very well looked after the staff are all very friendly and the service is fantastic, we tried all the restaurants, but it is personal preference really they were all good, we meet a few other couples who were on honeymoon and they loved the place, they are going back next year, I cant understand how this hotel can get bad reviews. If you are going soon I am jealous dont worry you will have a lovely time.If you have any spare bottles of coke are sprite in your mini bar take them and give them to the men who look after the gardens the one's in the green suits, they will love you for it.We dit the trip Carribean Wonders that was brill, you go out on a catamaran and come back on a speed boat awesome.Dont forget to tip the bar men now and then they will look after you, your measures get bigger, and you dont need to order another it will be there for you soon as you are neally finished.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Place This Review is from an 11 year old boy , every review is from adults so i decided to write my own.PoolsWe went to the tropical pool all the time except once when we went to the Caribe pool.The Caribe pools water was horrible,we saw a baby peeing in it.The Tropical pool was lovely.TureyWe went to the Turey for breakfast and lunch.Careful what you eat at the BBQ place some times the burgers aren't cooked,the chicken is to die for.The pasta is lovely, especially when you ask him to put extras in it.In the morning have the omlets and the fried eggs.Don't have the scrambled eggs,uuuh.WeatherWe Had A few bad days of rain but the Anamicion team gave you board games and cards.They worked really hard.The rain is really exciting.We Witnessed a massive storm, we were on the beach when it happened.Water sportsYou have to book water sports 1 day in advance,the booking place is next to the Turey Grill.We did sailing every day,They can only capsize at the right end of the bay apart from that great fun.RestaurentsWe Didn't try any of the buffet restaurents because we heard they make people sick.We tried the Japanese, Italian,La Capri And Chiniese.The Japense Is amazing they cook it in front of you.Don't eat lunch before you go there.We had a really nice chef who let you crack the eggs for the egg fried rice,which was lovely.Le Gourmont was average.Ma Maison was excellent we went there three times.La Capri was good, the lobster was excellent.The chiniese was avergage aswell.We tried Ma Maison as well.Teenager's clubFirst of all it says on the sign 10 to 17 year old only but they let 5 year olds in there.A Football table and a pool table are in there and a couple of of PS2 Games.The ShowWe only watchedtheshow on the last night of our stay and found out it was really good. StaffThe Staff are great and they're really friendlyThe RoomsIn The Minibar you get Sprite,water and Pepsi.If youra family of four or more don't take the upgrade at the front desk.You get 1 suite with a sofa bed for a family of four.We complained and they gave us a two rooms on the Tropical side,which where lovely.OverallGreat place not much to do at night for Kids my age though but still amazing. We'd come back.Excellent place.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise! I just returned from my stay at the Melia with my boyfriend yesterday, and our vacation could not have been any better. The resort itself is absolutley beautiful. It was enormous as was the pool. Our room was on the Caribe side in villa 32. Our room was georgous, with marble floors and a great view of the ocean. The only thing to complain about here is that they have no clocks in the room. We tipped our housekeeper like 2 dollars a day and we had plenty of towels, and our fridge was always fully stocked. The food is really up to your own preference. Our first day we tried the Spanish buffet for lunch, and the Mexican rest. Los Ponchos for dinner, and we didnt like either one. But after that it was clear sailing. We did the GrillTurrey for breakfast and lunch which was fine, they had a huge selection, and anything you wanted (and i am a VERY picky eater). Then, for dinner, we had the JAponese steakhouse two night becuase it was AWESOME, then we did Le Gourmet, the international rest. which had GREAT filet mignon, and the Agora steakhouse where I had chicken tereayki kabobs and he had a steak, we both loved it. Dont forget where you are, everyone pretty much speaks Spanish, and there are a ton of Europeans there. We know a few words in Spanish and we had no problem at all with communication. The staff was very friendly at the pool bar, and everywhere else. The service to us was fine no problems there. My boyfriend ventured out to the market on the beach past the resort, and I do NOT reommend it at all....the shop owners run up to you and pretty much harrass you. And they really try to rip you off, so its not worth it. Overall our trip was awesome and I cant wait to go back next year! IF anyone has any questions, feel free to email me :)  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Animacion team and Workers I just wanted to say that the hotel was great despite what people say.There was so much to do. They workers there were so friendly. The animacion team was great. I thank all the workers there. Freddy,Johnothan,Dhonese(sorry if i spell it wrong),Winston,Omar,Alexandro, and everyone else apart of it. Also i wanna thank the bartenders at the night lobby who do great dancing and always make you laugh when someone drops a glass and also all they D.j's. (Jose and Carlos) Lastly if you ever decide to go make sure to catch the night shows and they singing of Geovani. You also have to make sure to leave your young kids at the kids club they will love it. Hope you visit! I love you Fr  
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top-notch vacation A group of 13 of us arrived here on 8/4/03 to attend our daughter's wedding , to be held at the gazebo on the Caribe side on 8/9/03. We were treated very well, from check-in to check-out. The accomodations were beautiful, with a fully stocked refrigerator and flowers in our bathroom....and were kept that way daily. There was as much bottled water as you needed, and Housekeeping would bring you more whenever you asked. There was somewhat of a language barrier with some personell, but it was minimal. We ran off some common Spanish words and phrases for our use there, which were helpful. The Buffet restaurants were typical of those in the states, but with plenty of food stations and something for everyone. The ala carte ones were very good, similar to better quality ones here....men had to wear long pants, a collared shirt and shoes (no sandals) and most women dressed nicer for dinner also. Some in our group came down with stomach viruses and dehydration, as we did one morning. Some Immodium Advanced took care of that and we were on our way! The casino is small, but was a good place to socialize in the bar area, which was one of the fewer areas that was air conditioned. The shows were good and they had something going nightly. There was plenty of activities daily, listed on a board in the lobby and by the pool, if you wanted to keep busy. Temperatures were mid to high 90's, but there was always a comfortable breeze at the beach. There were plenty of beach and pool lounges...we never had a problem getting one under the thatched umbrellas. The grounds were kept very clean and we saw lots of yard clean-up and pruning daily. The stone-cemented streets and sidewalks were very slippery after a rain, so you must be cautious;also on either side of the sidewalks were gulleys for drainage, a good place to twist an ankle if you're not paying attention. We had no problem with mosquitos and left our balcony door open every night, except for the last night which did seem a little buggy. The bars served non-alcoholic drinks in the common areas, unless you asked for the alcohol, because there are minors at the resort. There are plenty of additional cost things to do....tours, snorkeling out on a reef or with the sharks and stingrays and safaris.The reef snorkeling for $15 where a boat takes you out is worth it and our son and wife really enjoyed the banana boat ride for $6; driving the speedboats was another fun excursion. I would not recommend the Outback safari, which is an 8 hour day mostly in the full sun, only because of the length of time. Swimming with the sharks and stingrays was also fun, but my husband enjoyed the boat snorkeling and it was 1/6th the money  Our daughter's wedding was beautiful, and even nicer than we expected. The ceremony was done in Spanish, with a resort interpretor to English. The couple, with their attendants, are brought to the gazebo separately in a horse and buggy and walk down a flowered path and over a bridge into the gazebo. There was a 3-string group playing Spanish love songs and live flamingos in the background in a pond surrounding the area. Perfect setting for a perfect day!  Overall, we would highly recommend this resort to all our friends and family. If you have any additional questions, please e-mail me and title it 'Melia review', otherwise I may not open it thinking it's a virus.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>10 out of 10 I really don't understand all the negative reviews about this hotel. Perhaps standards change depending on the time of year, etc.I went with my daughter for two weeks at the end of June- no complaints whatsoever. The only thing I would have liked - room service and beach service for drinks, etc.I have travelled extensively and always pick out high-class hotels. The Melia was absolutely beautiful - very big but I thought it was easy to get around - direction notices were displayed everywhere.We were in the Caribe side - the rooms are supposed to be nicer there - I didn't see the others so I don't know.ROOM: The room was lovely - very roomy with a nice balcony. Standard of cleanliness was top-class - and I'm fussy - never a speck of dust or a hair, etc. on the floor. Always plenty of towels, etc. and the mini-bar was always filled up. Perhaps it depends on the maid service. I always left a tip every day.All over the resort I thought the cleanliness and order were excellent considering its size. I never saw an overflowing dustbin, etc.FOOD: As regards food. I have been to many all-inclusive resorts and thought the variety and standard here were very good. I thought they really catered to everyone's taste. We ate in all the restaurants apart from the Japanese and the Spanish one. I thought the rules of hygiene were well respected and the staff were always respectful and efficient - much more so than in any other Caribbean island! We didn't get a stomach upset. We did take special tablets every day which provide a protective coating on the intestine - perhaps this helped. The drinks were great and never watered down and bottles of water were available everywhere at all times - so I don't understand anyone who managed to get dehydrated - probably too much alcohol.The swimming-pools were really clean and the beach was nice. A bit of seaweed but nothing to moan about. The sea was lovely and calm and clean.The grounds were beautiful - the only problem I had was walking on the pathways - they were slipperly and awkward to walk on with high heels.I only saw two shows, which were good.I spent most of my time after dinner in the casino - small but friendly.Nothing going on outside the hotel though.This is an ideal place to have a lovely relaxing holiday. We stayed for 2 weeks and ate at a different restaurant every night. They will even give you special boxes if you want to take stuff back to your room.SPA: We had a Transformation package at the spa - sauna, jacuzzi, body scrub/exfoliation, Red Sea mud wrap, massage with lovely oils, then a facial - for $108 (I think) - good value although I don't think I was transformed!!I would not hesitate to go back to this hotel for a relaxing break, especially as the price we paid was really reasonable for what we got.Perhaps the service, etc. differs during the school holiday season, but in any case I could not find fault with the place. The hotel is really designed for couples or families with small children, so it wasn't very exciting for my 20-year-old daughter - next time I'll go with my husband!Please feel free to email me with questions (vogelm@who.int)Marilyn from Geneva  
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honest Review Our visit was for 7 day from July 18 to the 25th. The resort itself is huge and walking the grounds was like being in paridise. The the open lobbies are one of a kind. I truly felt like I was at a 5 star hotel until I got to the room. We stayed on the Tropical side of the resort which is older than the Melia. We were close to the pool and the beach and one of the buffetts. Our room was nothing like the pictures. This place doesn't give you wash clothes and I really don't think they change the sheets everyday. The food was ok, nothing to write home about. Their was certainly plenty of it. Teh best place was the Iltalian. The best part of the trip were the two day trips we went on through Apple. Snorkeling and a trip to Sonona Island. I truly enjoyed the pool and the beach. The bartender at the swim up bar was very nice to us. The evenings were fun, we went to two of the shows and the rest of the time we enjoyed the music in the Tropical lobby and danced. We had a teenager with us and he loved the place. I thought this was a nice place I wish we had a more luxurious room. I think the reviews that are written about the resort are harsh because at the end of the day for 7 nights for less than a thiusand dollars you couldn't get a better deal.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just do it I spent a week at the Melia Caribe in July, 2003. It was one of the best vacations I ever had in over 30 years of travel. All the winers on the web site should go to Disney World where they will get what they want. If you want a beautiful resort, warm local people and an unending activities this is the place. Don't expect the Ritz, you are not paying for it, but you will get the best value for your dollar. The grounds are simply beautiful and well kept. There is a trolley to get you around and I never had to wait more that 10 minutes. I played golf at their course, Covotal. It is fair and enjoyable. There are flowers, flowering shrubs and trees on every hole. The course is well maintained and the staff attentive. The food is as good and varied as you will find at an all inclusive resort. Ther was a good range of premium brands of alcohol, all free. The architecture of the hotel deserves an award. The people speak spanish, it is their language. There were enough english speaking help to assist anyone. I met several Frenchand  German guests who got along with the help in English. Ther is bottled water everywhere and the ice makers use treated water. If you got sick it was from being careless and consuming tap water. They don't even do that in Europe. The entertainment was also good and varied. I went to the Dominican Republic 20 years ago and stayed at Casa de Campo. Itt was awonderfull time and I will return to the D.R soon. I have vacationed in 48 countries and travelled to many more on business. This is one of the better deals.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor hygiene and service compromise beautiful resort The beautiful rooms, landscaping, beach and pool facilities would be more appreciated if you were not suffering from the various GI maladies that afflict Americans who travel to this oasis in a third-world country. Although rooms are well air-conditioned, virtually none of the public rooms are. The hot and humid conditions in which the buffets are presented (not counting the insects and birds) and the clearly poorly trained food handling staffs (I saw chefs using their hands to mix foods) condemned 1/3 of our group to permanent latrine attendance. The food itself (particularly the infamous steaks) was pathetic. The gourmet restaurants could not pass the scrutiny of a blind NYC health inspector, and do not resemble their French, Italian or Chinese namesakes in any material way. The poorest NY diner exceeds the standards of any of these pathetic examples. Service too suffers from the same problems observed by others-the beds are large-the sheets are not. We were short sheeted by the maid every day-not a nice feeling. Towels were missing commodities. If you go, bring plenty of antibiotics, immodium and MRE's (the Army's meals-ready-to-eat).  
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They aren't known for hospitality As part of a package deal we were herded on to charter flights and rode charter type buses to get to the Melia Caribe. After checking in they provided two adults with only one map of the property. We were told where our room was and subsequently had to find it on our own. This property is massive (maybe 100 acres) and it also includes another property along side it that is identical (Melia Tropical), and it gets confusing, but we just went out there and tried to find our way. Once we got out there we had to ask for help, then when we got into our room, it wasn't the type of room that we'd paid for, so we called the desk. They acknowledged their error and said that they'd be over to fix it in 15 minutes. We were moved to our other room without keys, our bellboys were able to let us into the new room but the service desk didn't usher the keys over. So we couldn't activate our safe and we couldn't leave our room and venture out onto the property until we had that settled (and time is precious on a vacation). Well, 15 minutes turned in to more than 2 hours and I ended up having to go back to the desk anyway and take care of it myself. Had they told us that they were too busy to get away at the moment and asked us to return to the desk on our own we would have gladly done it. But instead, they told us what they thought we wanted to hear and didn't take care of it.Some of the hostesses at the restaurants on the property (International) were awful. Rumor has it that the employees work 16 hour days and get very little time off every few weeks (don't know if it's true of course), so I can understand some of the attitudes. But in many ways they lacked a sense of urgency when it came to their guests needs. I believe that part of this might be related to the way the restaurants were set up, too few employees available during meal times, and them just being overwhelmed by it all. There were employees that went out of their way to please you, however, few. Speaking Spanish is definitely a plus.I would recommend a visit to the Dominican Republic for it's beauty and it's tranquil beaches but I would never recommend this property to someone who didn't already understand the layout of the place or to someone who needed any extra help or understanding in anyway. As first time guests, many of the people on our charter have decided that it wasn't worth a second trip. In retrospect, I would go again, but stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boy did I get Montazuma's revenge Here!!!! I agree with all the other reviews - the place is gorgeous. Landscaping is breathtaking. However the food is not good. It is the same food (I am convinced they don't know how to cook shrimp and steak - they were meaty and overcooked everytime) and the food is not properly refrigerated I believe. They start putting out the food for buffets as early as 2:30 - 3pm and I believe that is how sooooo many people got sick. I was down on the second nite we were there - sick as a dog at 3 a.m. I wish I could say it was the flu but I believe it was the water they rinse their food with or definitely food poisoning. One lady here had to have intrevenous in her room she got so dehydrated!Yes it is a large facilityand if you are not feeling well you better time it to the bathroom! The staff was most helpful but you better know spanish - My honey companion is spanish and that was my savings grace. The 2 quick stores they have on property are very expensive - bring you own medicines!!!!!! benadryl - asprin, tampons, suntan lotions, and especially pampers and pullups if you have kids - they ran out! People were frantic.I would love to say I would go back but too scared of spending so much money to visit their bathrooms. We did a survey at the airport and most people who were in the DRep. felt the same way about getting sick. Drink bottled water! The was fabulous! great color and very relaxing. Addios. Joan  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it!! This was our first trip with our children and I couldn't have asked for a better time. We loved it!! Although we got lost a few times (the place is huge). It is the only place that we would go back to a second time!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time , it was paradise!!! We went to the melia caribe tropical for 10 days it was great. There was 9 of us . The grounds were absolutly beautiful. The service was great , a little slow but who cares your on vacation. The rooms were great , big and beautiful very comfortable. The maid was nice we tipped her 2 dollars and some candy everyday. She was really nice with us never had a proble. We didn't use tap water at all my husband and brother in law got the runs for one day but then it was over, don't know exactlly from what but me the kids and everyone else were fine. Everyone treated us fine no problem. I think the people with the bad reviews are taking it a little out of had. The place and people are absolutly great I would defenately recommend it to anyone. great time good food georgous place .  
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A week in the Sun We stayed for a week at the Melia Carib/Tropical the last week of June into July. Arriving at the Punta Cana airport without a hitch we found a taxi to shuttle 5 of us to the hotel. This is not for the faint hearted. I thought the NYC taxi service tailgated, they had nothing on these folks! You may want to book a trip thru a travel agent and have their bus shuttle you. Regardless, we arrived safely and in good spirits. The hotels grounds were spotless and beautiful. Only one of the two rooms we booked were available, so the front desk moved us to another building on the Carib side. Actually the rooms we moved to were nicer. They do try to make you happy and suceeded. We did plenty of snorkling around the swim area (lots to see, plenty of fish, saw an eel, snakes ect). You may want to bring your own equipment if you plan on snorkling alot. There were times the fins/masks were all taken. Later in the week we went out to the reef to snorkle. Much Much more to see. Just a side note: overall the marine life is not as colorful as you may find in other islands. Our 17 and 18 yr old found plenty of beach volleyball games and were entertained with the club at night. The food was very good, and the alcohol.. well lets not go there. We had no problem with bugs per say, there were ants that hung out on the flowers they put on the bathroom sink. One call to the front desk and they sprayed the room. The small lizards were neat. They would cling to the side of the building and scurry away when you neared. Overall we had a great time.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I don't like to much the Melia Caribe Tropical I pass find, but I never come back to this Hotel. The cleaning in the bedroom is not to well. Depending on the number of the suite they bring to you, you will be so far of some place in the hotel, like Pool, Lobby, etc. You have to walk a lot and if it is a rainy day you don't have the facilities to get out of the room without get wet. For other way the food is good, especially the Japanese and Chinese.The activities on night are good.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tropical paradise, but employees were horrible Just spent five days at the Melia Caribe Tropical. the landscape is like paradise, very clean, the beach and water are breathtaking. The property itself is too big and too few employees. The nicest employees were the maid and the bellboys. Very helpful. The wait staff were rude at the restaurants and the bars. Several times my friend and I got deliberately overlooked and the wait staff would ignore us and make eye contact with spanish speaking people behind us. We even made attempts at speaking Spanish to them and being patient with the service to no avail. We had the check-in from hell. Checked in at 4:30 p.m., they put us in the wrong room, moved us, and left us without keys to the room. When we called about this they assured us someone was on the way with the room keys. We were stuck in our room, did not see the beach, pool or get to familiarize ourself with the grounds. Finally after 4 phone calls and four hours later we finally went to the front desk to get keys. By this time it was almost 9 p.m. and we had not gotten to eat yet.We rented a safe and found out later they did not activate the room keys to set the safe. So more phone calls. It was a very frustrating trip and as hard as it was to leave the beach, we were glad to get back home. Now I feel like I need a vacation from this vacation. We were both very careful about what we ate and especially drank (no coconut milk)and still got sick our last day. We drank plenty of water while there to stay hydrated. The Catamaran trip to Saona Island was great. Other people on the tour we talked to said they were at much smaller hotels and the service was better. Other than the employees being overworked (and probably underpaid) I think the Melia is too big and understaffed to give better service. I doubt if I do a return trip to Dominican Republic--definely not the Melia.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the food was a little exelent the food was good the fish is horible and there is pasta every day the bad thing is they give you the same food every day  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Vacation My first time in the D.R. The resort was absolutely beautiful. The grounds are breathtaking and you feel as if you're in paradise. The pool is gorgeous and the surrounding settings of palm trees and huts make you not want to get out of the water. The beach is beautiful as well, white sand, blue waters and plenty of water sports activities. Loved the pool bar. Not much of a night life other than the disco which plays the same music every night. The shows are well choreographed. Stay away from the time share hawkers. Not a very good deal. Plenty of food. Stay away from the steak house. The toughest steak I ever tried. The maid service was adequate. Tipping will get you everywhere. A couple of dollars here or there will help. The only drawback was the we the runs for a couple of days. Definitely wasn't the water because we didn't drink any from the tap. Could be what they use to cook or the combinations of food that one would engorge themselves in. Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this trip to anyone. Plan to go back one day after I take my Caribbean cruise.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort, service sucks The resort is great. The palm trees, landscape, and beaches are amazing. Breakfast at the the international restaurant is a must. The only thing that screwed the whole vacation is the service. The employees do the minimum in serving you. Attitude must join the service. In order to get a request, it must be asked three times or more before it gets to your hands or table. And hopefully the request its correct. Be careful what your told, even by your tourist rep. They like to switch stories around. If you donot speak spanish, ask the person next to you if they do, the employees like to use advanteges as a way to get over on you. A fellow tourist may translate for your understanding, therefore you won't get jerked.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quality holiday I have just arrived back from melia caribe and have to say that this was one of the best holidays I have been on. Firstly whoever reads this, ignore the bad reviews , these people have either been terribly unlucky or just dont know how to enjoy themselves. The resort is the most tranquill place you can imagine, full of lush greenery and nice people. The staff at the resort were very helpful, the language barrier was a small problem but this only added some fun to the trip. The problem I found was with other holidaymakers, thinking they owned the place, i found plenty of americans speaking to the staff like they were something off their shoe.....only a small minority but enough to annoy me, many of the americans were lovely people but theres always the few that spoil it for the others. Anyway, The Beach : beautiful, water was lovely and warm and always sun loungers available whatever the time, there is a small amount of seaweed on the beach but nothing to get all stressed out about.Theres many complaints on this site about the food, let me squash some of these rumours. My girlfriend and I are used to eating in quality restaurants in England and were concerned by these reviews, we vistited all 11 restaurants and the only meal I disliked was the fish restaurant ( le capri ) basically because i didnt like the lobster, the service in every restaurant was of a good standard, not fantastic but good. Food was always piping hot so not many days spent on the loo. We were informed by out representative that a company comes into the hotel once a week to check the food , water and general hygeine to make sure its up to standard, no problems with ice in the drinks , and i was only ill on one day which going by previous reviews sounds pretty good. The japanese restaurant is a must, good fun and beautiful food, you must reserve this restaurant on the day you want to go, which means walking to the caribe lobby for 9am and standing in a 10 minuite queue....no problem.The pool is fantastic, absolutely huge, sun loungers are always available by the pool, and they also have these wonderful little huts by the pool, but be warned I was up at 8am one morning thinking id have no problem jumping on one for day, but apparently people are up at 5am reserving these huts with so much as book laying on the bed !!!! very annoying.If you are looking for a holiday thats full of night time entertainment, then book a trip to cancun or ibiza, because this aint the trip for you, theres plenty of shows which are very professional but after 2 weeks get a bit tedious, the casino is good fun, nice bar inside with some internationally branded alcohol.All in all this was my best holiday and I have travelled to many luxurios places. Dont expect too much , chill out and have a good time, drink till your hearts content and eat as much food as your belly will hold because its always available.Im not one for re-visiting holiday destinations but this one is already on my list.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon, Think Bad Reviewers are Crazy My husband and I spent our honeymoon here and we LOVED it. I was quite nervous at first when I read the bad reviews, but decided we would just take things as they come. I have to say I can't believe that anyone could give this place a bad review!! We loved EVERY MINUTE of our honeymoon...CHECK-IN: We did have to wait about 30 minutes for our room, but did not let that bother us. We were lucky enough to have a room right by the ocean/pools so we just took this time to look around.ROOM: The room was beautiful. There were a couple of ants/bugs, but I believe that was from the fresh flowers the maids put out. If I threw them away, the ants went away.SERVICE: The service was pretty good. I suggest learning SPANISH!! I knew a little, but it wasn't enough. Not that I was treated bad, but I would have felt a lot better had I been able to speak the language. We tipped the maid and gave her candy every day and she was WONDERFUL to us, getting us anything we needed! The bartenders were never OVERLY friendly, but they weren't rude either... and again, we didn't let that bother us....FOOD: The buffets were average to good. At first it was great, but after eating there day after day, it got a little old. We waited until WAY TO LATE in the week to try the sit down resteraunts. They were amazing. We went to the International and French sit down resteraunts and they had WONDERFUL FOOD and WONDERFUL service. We had to wait to get into the French resteraunt, but it was WELL worth the wait! As for buffets, the Mexican was our favoritePOOL/BEACH: The pools were GORGEOUS. So big and clean. Even if there was a lot of people in them, they were never big. I don't know if it was the time of year that we were there, but it was never too crowded. We also got a place to sit under the shade. The beach was also VERY nice. My husband was disappointed in that there were no waves.... and he thought it was a little dirty. I think it is wonderful however...blue water, and white beaches. Again, no lack in places to sit in the shade.OVERALL APPEARANCE: The lands and lobbies are absolutely gorgeous. Walking around the resort, I truly felt that I was in paradise. Everything was so very nice, from the flowers and trees, to the birds, to the expansive open-air lobbies. Yes the resort was big, but they have trains....or a little walking NEVER hurt anyone. We walked most of the time, and it DEFENITLEY is not too far to walk from the beach/ pool area (where we were located) to the lobbies.SHOWS/ACTIVITIES: We took in a couple shows and played bingo. It was a lot of fun... I would say to go to at least one if you are into that kind of thing. We also went snorkeling, which I HIGHLY reccommend, it was so beautiful. We did the horse-back riding trip too, and that was nice, but the horses look so small and malnurished that I felt bad.OTHER THINGS: I do have to say that if you are looking to party and have a happening singles time.... this isn't the place to go. More families and couples than anything else. And not too much nightlife (but we weren't looking for that, so I could be wrong) lots of Eroupeans and Spanish-speaking people, but everyone was VERY friendly. Also there was some topless sunbathing, so just look out for that if it would make you uncomfortable. My number one advice is MAKE SURE TO GO TO THE SIT DOWN RESTERAUNTS....much better than the buffets.I highly reccommend this resort. I think that if you are the type of person who may let little things bother you, perhaps you may just have to stay home!!! Because if you hate this place, you would hate anywhere!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT!!! I'll admit, I was nervous going to this place because of all the bad reviews I had seen -- BUT THEY ARE NOT TRUE!!!!! This place has got great food, lots to do, great staff, excellent entertainment, is very clean and very beautiful. The beach is amazing and the grounds are very tropical -- what more do you want? Ignore all the bad reviews -- I don't know how anyone can bad-mouth this place. It is a gorgeous resort and I highly recommend it!!!!! We were there for our honeymoon and were very happy with our resort selection!!!! Just go -- you won't be disappointed!!!!! If you're the type of person that likes to do a lot of activities when on vacation, this is the place to go!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't worry about bad reviews! First off, I am so glad that I didn't pay any attention to the poor reviews about Melia. I am a 30 year old ex-bartender who likes to drink, good food, good service, nice beaches, nice water, golf, and to gamble also. The hotel is absolutely fabulous; the rooms are nice, the flowers and foliage is second to none, the beach and water are perfect (a little seaweed, but not enough to matter to me), the pool is huge (with swim up bar), and the casino is just fine (4 roulette wheels, 12 blackjack tables and 40-50 slots with nice bar connected to it). Let me start in on what most people complain about on here: SERVICE Dominican people in general are not in a hurry about anything, that is their way of life. In saying that though, I NEVER waited on a drink for long. A few dollars tip every now and then goes a long way, not to mention the fact that you know what? I am on freaking vacation, where do I have to be next? to work? I don't think so, the only thing I have to do is get another drink when I want one!! Next complaint most read before I went: THE FOOD The food was fantastic, is it 5-star? Not hardly. But i am not going to an all-inclusive resort expecting to eat at Mortons or Ruths Chris Steakhouse either. Every restaurant that we ate at was good especially the mexican and the international ones. Breakfast and lunch are always at the same place (poolside) and they are good also. Next complaint most read: THE SIZE AND ALL OF THE WALKING YOU MUST DO You know what I have to say to that  BOO HOO. There are two trains that run through the entire resort if you are not able to walk or if you are just a fat slob who never cares to get in any excercise. Next complaint most read: LANGUAGE BARRIER Here again, never a problem. Do I speak spanish? No. Does every single person at the resort speak fluent English? Absolutely not. But there are plenty of people that work at the resort that do. Let me warn those people who are looking to go out at nightime to clubs, nightclubs, etc. This place is not for you, I reccommend Cancun for that. In all, myself and the other three people that went had a perfect 7 night, 8 day vacation. Please e-mail me with any questions, and if you people who read this believe what you read (negative), well then just stay home, it will leave more room for me next year when I go back.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe an Excellent Value My wife and I just returned from Punta Cana and I feel compelled to share my opinion since I read so many negative reviews prior to going. To some extent the Melia is a good example of you get what you pay for. I've rated it as excellent because I think it was for the price that we paid. I've stayed at better places but those past holidays were also more expensive.For the most part, I think you should be mindful of the source when reading some of the negative reviews on this site. As Americans, we live a pretty charmed life compared to other countries of the world. I strongly believe most of the negative reviews have come from people that are regarded as ugly Americans by world community. We cannot travel abroad and expect to impose our culture and language on others. We need to view ourselves as guests. My wife and I always made a feable first attempt to speak spanish to the staff and it was well received. After hearing us struggle the staff would typically reply in english but you could tell the gesture was appreciated.To put our experience into perspective I point to my wife and I's wedding in Jamaica as a basis of comparison. The wedding was 2+ years ago and we stayed at the Grand Lido Negril. It has been recognized by many travel publications as one of the best in the carribean. We feel the Melia Caribe the facilities were better and the food options were more extensive and of good quality. The only stomach troubles we had were the first night after consuming too many drinks with coconut milk (a natural laxative as we learned later). The key difference between Jamaica and Punta Cana was language.Since our marriage, we spent one year living in Scotland where we made several excursions to continental Europe. Compared to trips to Europe Punta Cana is one hell of a bargain and we were going to europe rather cheaply from the UK. Admittedly, it's probably these trips to Europe that put us in the right frame of mind to go to Punta Cana. Without these trips to make relative comparison against we too may have been making comments about inconveniences.In parting, people should take time to travel outside of their comfort zone and learn about other cultures. When you come home to America it really makes you appreciate what we have!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a melia vacation, i would recommend for everyone. my wife and i went last year and had a great time. food was great and lots to choose from. room, pool, beaches, and the grounds were like walking into a paradise and the service was excellant. these people are poor, but proud and also proud of their country. they put up with a lot of cry-baby's every day of the year, but they still give you a friendly smile and service. it was great, great, great. the only draw-backs were no coca-colas, only pepsi-colas, and hard to get diet pepsi in your room or places to eat out. ice in your room was scarse and also bottled water, which is a must. there actually is no room service to your room, so you leave notes on the mini-frigerator in your room for the maids to pick-up and give you the items you request, if they are available. also don't take the time share pitch they offer when you arrive, if you do, they will hound you to death, just say, NO THANKS.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Honeymoon my wife and i just got back from our honeymoon at the melia and i have to say it really was a great choice.The grounds are out of this world , you really have to see them to believe how nice they are.Our room was nicely furnished with a four poster bed, tip the maid and she'll leave different flower arangements and make swan's out of towels etc,she'll also keep your mini bar stocked up.The food was good for an all inclusive, some reastraunts a lot better than others but.our favourites were the french,mexican and the steak house.never got round to going to the japanese but were told it was the best out the lot by friends we met.avoid the chinese as it was really poor.The pools are massive and really clean. It was just too hot for us to lie by because you don't get much of a breeze, so we went to the beach every day where it felt much cooler.It was always nice to go to the pool bar around 3pm for a few drinks in the pool.all in all we had a great time and would go back.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful resort, but... I must first say that Melia Caribe is one of the most breath taking resorts you will ever see in your life. However, there are plenty of problems behind it's sheer beauty. Problem#1, I have no idea why check-in takes an hour only to be told that rooms will be ready 3 hrs later. Problem#2, late housekeeping services(some rooms not cleaned until about 5-6pm), and the confused looked everyone on the service staff gave when washcloths and towels were requested was ridiculous. Problem#3, after traveling the world extensively I definitely understand that certain dishes can be a little un easy on the stomach. However, what I don't understand is how is it that 4 out of 5 tourist surveyed on the premises were ill at some point. This ranged from simple diarreah(sp) to violent alergic reactions from some guest. i truly hope these reviews are taking seriously to improve the problems because the resort is a beauty!!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>please please dont go its not worth it arrived at the hotel around 3pm 07/03 only to find out that they had overbooked and didnt have a room for us after 2 hours of insisting that we had a reservation and that we confirmed everything the day before our arrival . their response was to bad no rooms and shipped us of to the catalonia hotel which was a night mare in itself . they told us that this hotel had everything that the melia had well that was the first lie of many more to come. and if you think this was the only time this happened your mistaken the following day 160 people from miami arrived at the catalonia( better known as hotel hell) yep you guessed it they all had reservations at the melia. my advise to any one that is planing a trip to punta cana is to change your plans if it cost you a few dollors it will be worth the expense .ps if you do deside to go please take alot of pepto bismo with you you are almost destined to get ill !  
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was okay The resort was very beautiful and the rooms were very nice. As most people encountered, our room was not ready upon check in but we took the opportunity to grab lunch and check out the property.The only problems we encountered was the lack of cold water and ice. The food was so-so but we made do with the situation.My girlfriends and I took two excursions - one to Santo Domingo and had a blast on the 2 1/2 hour bus ride. Our tour guide - Pepe - was very informative and made the tour exciting. The other excursion was the lobster lunch which was at a ranch and then you got to go horseback riding on the beach - that was hysterical - highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Philsteph
<Content>More about the service I've been reading these reviews and finally feel I need to post my own opinion about the service to Americans. When we went (Christmas Week this year) I felt discriminated against because I was American. For example, at the pool bar, I ALWAYS tipped and even had a dollar bill within sight ready to tip. I always was kind, polite and had a smile on my face. These guys would deliberately overlook me several times while other non-americans came and took there order. I'm not so sure that it is because I am American as much as it is that I was young and probably about their age and I'm a woman. I kinda felt that they didn't like seeing someone like me there on vacation and they had to serve me to make a buck. Not all of the employees were like that but I noticed it and wondered for a long time what I possibly did to offend them to make me treat me this way.I liked the vacation and it was worth the money and I will probably go back BUT, I also got sick. Diarrea and feverish. My husband did too.I had a really hard time with the food. The same thing served everyday and sitting out all day was hard to see and eat. The evening dinners were always so hard because it would take 2.5 hours or so to get thru the mediocre meal. We always tryed to be at the door of the resteraunt right when it opened to be the first in to be seated. I think this was key because if you didn't make it to get seated first then you waited for the 2.5 hours outside the resteraunt waiting for someone to leave. The service was always so slow and disorganized and then to be served such mediocre food after waiting so long it was difficult.My favorite resteraunt was the steak resteraunt. I like it mostely because it is food you would expect at a steak house. You pretty much get a steak, salad and baked potatoe. That's about all they offered but you get what you expect. The steak was very mediocre (think a lower end choice at Ponderosa) but it still tasted like steak. This was huge since everything else didn't taste as you would expect it to.The grounds are beautiful, the pool is beautiful, the beach is beautiful and we had fun. I really liked the rooms with the marble bathrooms and the mahogany furniture and tasteful decorating. But, if you are expecting a great resort like you would find in Hawaii or any other upscale place you will definately be dissappointed.I would love to hear about some places other people have stayed that you can recommend. I'm starting to plan my next vacation and need some good honest recommendations.Happy vacationing!Stephanie  
<Date>Jul 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort lousy service and rude customer service employees My wife an I took four couples along with us on this trip which commenced on 6/24/03 and ended 6/30/03. On arrival at the hotel at 3.30 PM we were told our rooms were not ready. We had to wait until 5:30 PM. When we arrived at our rooms we found only one towel in each of the five rooms. I immediately called room service (# 3000) and extra towels were sent to our rooms. The next evening when we got to our rooms, there were no towels. I again called for service (#3000) and a male person answered, I told him this is the second time in two days that I had to call for towels. He said that it is not his problem, he only answers the phone, I then asked whose problem is it, since we are paying for service? he then hung up. I once again called, and got the same person, I asked him why did he hang up on me, he again hung up without answering. I was angry and went to the front Desk and lodged a complaint. After that day we had two towels for each room. This attendant was indeed rude, all he had to say was he will take care of the problem and that would have passified us. This will never happen again, as we will never visit any of your resorts in the future. The rest of the service was below par, 90% of your waiters and servers did not understand when spoken to. We have also complained to our Travel Agent - Liberty Travel. We travel extensively, and often take two or more couples along, but I promise you your Resort will never be recommended again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Tropical- #1 place to be! I just finished reading an American's review of the Melia Tropical in Punta Cana, DR.( #23 I believe) He called the people rude  felt discriminated against because they were not waiting on him hand  foot - ie paying more attention to the Spanish speaking persons. Unfortunately, this American sounded like the typical  american who is not well liked in foreign countries because they want to bring all their customes with them  expect everyone to speak English. Hate to tell him that the reason we go to foreign countries is to live another culture not put it down. I don't agree with his perception of the service at all. He even accused the maids of turning off the electricity to save bills when he was gone. If he had have inquired, he would have found out that the air conditioning goes off automatically if you leave the sliding doors open.......which he probably did.!!! We are Canadians  are more tolerable  we also try to speak other languages. The service there was absolutely excellent  it went perfectly with the beautiful grounds  excellent staff. There was plenty of staff to serve you. The drinks were not just regional brands, but were all the top brands ( free). The wine was served in Bottles with your meals , not undrinkable wine poured from boxes - as other resorts. The staff was VERY, friendly  the grounds  facilities were always immaculate. You could even get food ( free) until 5am or so. None of this, sorry you'll have to order room service. There are over 10 themed restaurants  you don't have to rush on your first day to sign up for a dining experience. It's first come first serve which makes for impulse -  the food is great. This was the BEST resort, bar none that we have visited  we do a lot of travelling. When you hear complaints....... it's from an American........ read their words carefully before you ever pass judgement. I have met many very nice Americans, but they do have a bad reputation don't they. And they are the ones that spoil it for the genuine nice Americans.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>MARRIED IN PARADISE I was a little nervous about the resort after reading all of the mixed reviews. Let me just say MELIA CARIBE WAS FABULOUS! The grounds were absolutely amazing. The beaches were beautiful. Of course there was a little seaweed, but the staff worked very dilligently to rake it up. And hey, this is the ocean. The staff was generally very friendly. It does help to speak a little spanish. Even if you just say Hola or Gracias They appreciate it when you try. After all, you are in their country. We got married there on June 24th. It was absolutely perfect. German the wedding coordinator was fabulous. He made us feel very special. He took the time to make sure everything was perfect. Luis the photographer did a great job. Our wedding pictures turned out great. They had a huge variety of food to choose from. I can't understand how people didn't find at least something they like. I would definitely go back. The only problem we had was that our Jacuzzi in our room didn't work properly. Other than that, it was a BLAST! Oh yeah, as far as the outside excursions, the Kontiki snorkeling and party boat is not to be missed. Manati park was an overpriced aquarium. Don't do the swimming with the dolphins. It is a waste of money. They are not well trained and they are timid. Other than that, relax and you will have a wonderful time.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Place, Rude People My wife and I returned from Punta Cana last night along with 8 other family and friends. Oh, how I love America!!!! Like many others, we read the reviews of the Melia Caribe resort and took them with a grain of salt as many people have many opinions. Having been there now, it appears most of the mixed reviews were right on. The resort is beautiful, with perfectly manicured grounds, gorgeous buildings and a beach as pretty as I have seen. However, the service was by far the worst I have experienced. Prior to arriving I was told that the pace in Punta Cana is slow and not to be in a hurry for anything. This turned out to be very true and I can accept this. It was the apparent anti-American sentiment that disturbed the most. There were multiple incidents of being overlooked by the staff so that a Spanish speaking or European guest could be helped. Wether it was being ignored at the bar or skipped in line waiting for a table, it seemed the staff was not worried about hiding their feelings. We probably enountered three staff members who actually smiled and one who actually made our dinner pleasurabe. Naturally, it required a pre-meal tip to ensure this, at best, good service. The Melia Caribe is a large resort and is probably well under-staffed. This, along with the maids tendency to turn off the power in our room while we were gone, are ways that make the resort affordable. So, I will say that the beach, the grounds and maybe even the food make the Melia a bargain. However, if you like nice people, helpful people, smiling people, un-biased people, grateful people and a full drinking glass with dinner, this is not the place for you!!! In the future, I think I will stick to Mexico where my visit is appreciated. And for those who say that this was Euro-service I experienced...I guess I won't be going to Europe either.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ignore negative reviews....... My wife and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical for two weeks from 4th June to 18th June. We travelled from the U.K. and booked through Thomas Cook. We were a little unsure about what to expect after reading other reviews about the resort, but can honestly say that we had a magnificent time. The food was good, the grounds were immaculately kept and the weather was good (rained a little on three days and some nights). If you put the effort in and learn a few spanish phrases you'll be treated well and with a lot of respect. However, if you are the type of person who thinks the world owes you something and disrespect the staff and locals (like a few American and French tourists we saw), you will receive the quality of service and support that you deserve. At the end of the day you are visiting their country as a guest and it doesn't matter how much money you have paid you must treat other people the same as you wished to be treated yourself. While we were there we went on two day excursions; Saona Island and Dominican Discovery. We enjoyed them both and would recommend them. I can also say that we had none of the bad experiences that other people have mentioned in previous reviews, no sales people tried selling us time shares (I'm not even sure if the resort is a time share place), we weren't ill, we enjoyed the food, the staff were all exceptionally polite and eager to please you. After having read reviews over the last 3 to 4 months it makes me wonder if some of the bad reviews have been posted by other competing resorts in the same area. We went to the Plaza Bavaro shopping centre to buy gifts for everyone back home and discovered that bartering is the order of the day. In one shop we bought clothes, cigars and a piece of amber with an insect in it, the shopkeeper started by asking for $520 and after careful negotiation we finally did a deal at $80!! Most of the things we bought (151 rum, cuban cigars, paintings etc) we only paid less than half the sellers starting price, so be warned. All in all I would recommend the resort to anyone and we are seriously considering going back next year. Email me if you have any questions :) Ian  Dawn.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very relaxing our goal before the trip was seven days of much needed relaxation and that is what we got. the grounds were amazing, especially the lobby. i enjoyed the food, i think you need to keep and open mind and realize that you are not in the US. the service was great, anything you needed they were there for. we went in a less crowded time which was great, no lines, lots of room by the pool/beach. i'm not sure i would have enjoyed it as much if it had been more crowded though. make sure you do the watersports that are available. all in all, just relax. i do not recommend the outdoor massage by the pool, it was somewhat unprofessional and unsanitary, if you want a good massage, go to the spa instead.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful property mediocre service My husband and I just returned from a spur of the moment 3 night stay at the melia caribe tropical (June 6-9th). The property is beautiful, grounds well maintained and lush, the beach is well tended with plenty of shade. Our room was clean and comfortable. However, the service was horrible not only at the restaurants but at the bars as well. Wait staff would walk right by without asking to take your drink order or to ask if you needed a refill. Many times it was easier to stand in line at the bar and wait, in some cases for the only bartender, to take your order. The food though plentiful was not up to par for a supposed luxury resort. I also had concerns about how long items remained on the buffets and were they properly chilled. At the grill area restaurant there are birds that land on the food on the tables - not appetizing nor sanitary. This property does not measure up overall to other all inclusive beach resorts we have visited and I would be hesitant to recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some people just love to complain.... We have just returned from the DR (5/18-5/25). Before we left, I had spent a great deal reading these reviews, and became nervous while reading some of the negative ones. My advice to you....don't listen! For the money that you will spend for a 7 night vacation, this place is fabulous! It's true that the food wasn't the best, but some meals were great (the chicken dish at La Gondola was one of the best meals I've EVER had), and some were not so great (Chinese..not great). However, you will always find something to satisfy you. The resort did a great job creating the different atmospheres to coincide with the themed restaurants...it reminded us of the section of EPCOT center with all of the different countries. If you are putting food as your #1 priority, then you shouldn't be going to an all-inclusive resort in the first place. The grounds were truly amazing. Everywhere you looked, there was a breathtaking view. And yes, the resort is very large, but for the entire week we stayed there, we only took the train twice. The walk from the lobby to our room (which was close to the beach, and most people would consider far from the lobby), was only about 15 minutes. And to tell the truth, it was actually quite enjoyable to walk. Because you eat, drink and lay around much more than you should all day, the walk actually made us feel better...a little exercise never hurt anyone! The major negative point on our vacation had nothing to do with the resort...it had rained (a lot) everyday we were there. However, for as much as it rained everyday, the sun came out everyday, too. My husband and I laid in the sun everyday, whether it was in the morning or the afternoon...we just planned around the rain. The staff was great. They were totally ready to help you with anything. The bartenders were great, and I don't know what people are talking about that they ignore their customers. By the end of the week they knew our orders without us having to say a word! We would sometimes throw them a few pesos during the day, tnd quite spacious for the two of us. Our housekeepers were great. We had fresh flowers in our bathroom everyday. We left her various treats everyday as a thank you, and they loved it. The nightlife wasn't great, but we didn't care. Sitting in the lobby/bar is entertainment enough. Tons of people sit there all night and hang out. We met tons of people from all over the world, it was truly fascinating to learn about various cultures. The casino was fun, too. We actually won a little bit of money at the roulette table! Overall, this resort was great, and we would go back for sure. The reason I didn't give it a perfect rating was because some aspects weren't perfect, but what place is? The price you will pay to spend a week at this reort is a steal. This is a great place to vacation. We highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uphillklimber
<Content>Very Pretty hotel, inconsistent food and amenities We got into Punta Cana without delay or incident. We were herded to our hotel and found our way around a bit, utterly in awe of the landscaping and birds on site. The pools were fantastic, 5 feet deep and huge, meandering everywhere. If there were 200 people in the pool, you wouldn't realize it. The lobbies were open air lobbies. Basically post and beam structures with thatch roofs, and marble everywhere; Fish ponds, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful...everywhere.We got to our room and it smelled somewhat of smoke, first floor. also, there was no remote for the TV ( I know, the hardships we had to endure!!), also the fridge isn't working, which holds the bottled water, very important. The next morning, at 4 AM no less, I can hardly sleep. I went out to the balcony for a few hours to sleep more. Later we get up and shower, then to breakfast. We meet the tourguide in the morning, and I tell him our plight. He gets us another room, on the second floor. Nicer balcony, more privacy. This room has a TV remote, the fridge works and doesn't reek of smoke. But there is no bath mat, iron board or iron.... But I could sleep in the room. I spent a good part of the day sleeping under an umbrella. We were to learn that inconsistency would be the only only black marks on this hotel. None of that would ruin or vacation, or prevent us from coming again.The other inconsistency was the food. Some food was fantastic, and at others, cold, undercooked. Some times we left one restauraunt and went to another, no problem, there were 12 restauraunts. There were cultural differences, and the food was rich, which we weren't used to. I tried escargot and thoroughly enjoyed it. But the rich food got to us, and we found a sandwich station, where they would take a pre-cooked hamburger, toss it back on, toast your roll, and melt the cheese for lunch. We went all the way to Punta Cana to savor the world's best hamburger's!!!! And we found the ice cream stations after a couple days!!!! Of course we were trying everything on th menu. ed by the rich food.Excursions: We took an Outback Safari, where we toured a good portion of the island with a local, who was well versed on the area. We viewed all the crops; cocoa, coffee, mangos, pineapples, bananas, sugar cane... We visited some homes, the schools, the towns, the back country, more beaches, and learned a good deal about the Dominican Republic. We also took a speed boat trip to a snorkle reef. We got to drive the boat!!! but had to follow them through the reefs, so as not to damage the boats. Then we swam with the fishies!!!Other things we would do is walk the beach, day and night. We felt very safe in the tourist village areas. If you ventured out, the local panhandlers would accost you. My friend, come the table of goods I have prepared for you . We swam a lot, in the ocean and the pools. Most days were 29 to 31 degrees C, although 2 were 34 degrees C. No rain!! Hot!!! Swim more, with a tee shirt to keep from burning. We caught a few shows, which were every night at 10, and we only managed to watch 1 completely, only because we napped all day. Too late for us. The drinks flowed freely. And they were generous with the 151 rum. I had to tell them the red drink, no rum or sometimes, little rum. Boy, do they mix them strong, no watering down here.It was a very European atmosphere around the pools and beach. When in Rome, do as the Romans, so I went topless, just as some of the ladies did, LOL!!!! They were as unconcerned as I was. At first we were somewhat uncomfortable, but got used to it. EH!All in all, a very memorable vacation.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible service, unsanitary While the resort is beautiful, the food, service, and sanitation is terrible. My whole family got very sick for 4 out of the 7 days we were there. DO NOT DRINK THE WATER, HAVE ICE, ETC. While they advertise the fine restaurants, forget about getting in, as we could never get reservations even though we tried to book the very first day we were there. In addition, we were hounded relentlesly by aggressive salespeople (stationed outside every public area) trying to sell us memberships. I would not go back in a million years.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>familytrek
<Content>seasonal rain; sickness didn't deter us We read the previous reviews and would add that we found seasonal rain and thunderstorms may have come early this year (May 19-26) but were rather refreshing after hours of hot intense heat and humidity. Beautiful beaches and fabulous grounds--but be prepared to walk or hop on the whimsical trains that transport you from your lodgings to the restaurants and beach (running approximately every 15 minutes). Forget about an ocean view room--hard to come by! Didn't matter to us. Views of the gardens were lovely! Restaurants were attractive; food quite good (Japanese restaurant somewhat over-rated). Don't expect 5-star North American restaurant standards--it's not exactly haut cuisine but for the islands, they do their best! So far, only Sandals Antigua was superior. Don't drink the water and don't even rinse your tooth brush with tap water--we didn't and still got sick. All of us! By and large, the rooms were adequate. However, for a family of four--the junior suite room was a little small and due to the humidity, wet clothes never ever seemed to dry on the balcony. The resort staff was always civil and polite. The kids club was well organized and entertaining; the staff seemed to really enjoy the kids. Our boys, ages 6 and 9 were reluctant about entering the club at first but we had a hard time enticing them out once they had become involved. The kids club here made this trip so much better for all of us compared to the kids club that we visited at the 5-star Iberostar Bravaro in Punta Cana three years ago (extremely unreliable). Travel trips: Wish we had brought our walky-talkies and more U.S. dollar--resort exchange rate is criminal! We recommend atleast $700 U.S. for excursions (i.e. to Manati Park) as well as scuba and snorkeling, horsebackriding, some boat rentals, spa services and of course tips to all staff--not mandatory but somewhat anticipated we found. We were happy to oblige.  
<Date>May 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise!! My husband and I along with our two children (ages 7  5) spent the week of April 9-16 in beautiful Punta Cana. This was our first trip to the DR, so we were not quite sure what to expect, especially reading some of these bad reviews. Let me just say, I don't know what they were talking about. It was truly paradise. It took a day or two to unwind and get settled into the tropical life of Punta Cana, but once we did, we did not want to leave at the end of 7 days. Our kids had a great time swimming at the many beautiful pools, ordering their own pina coladas (non alcoholic, of course) at the swim-up bar, splashing in the turquios blue ocean, building sand castles in the powder white sand, or just relaxing under a shaded palm tree on the beach. The staff was always friendly and helpful. I would suggest learning a few spanish words before you go. By the end of the trip my kids were ordering their own drinks in spanish. The breakfast and lunch buffets were excellent. We loved having the omellettes in the morning. Dinners were not great, but ok. We liked the Spanish buffet for dinner the best. There is nothing not to like about the Melia Caribe. The beach was gorgeous w/palm trees everywhere. The pools were amazing w/ beautiful tropical flowers surrounding every turn of the pool. The rooms were clean and neat with cartoon network on TV for the kids! For those of you who want to escape reality for awhile and enter into Paradise, this is the place for you. We are planning to go back next year.  
<Date>May 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cbtravelConnecticut
<Content>Still unsure? Read this review... My husband and I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical (5/21-5/26). We were a little worried after reading all the reviews, but we received a lot of good advice from tripadvisor. We found that knowing what to expect allowed us to have a great trip. First, if you are looking for a place that has a great night-life, this is not the place for you. If you want to have a relaxing vacation, this is the place for you. The grounds and hotel were beautiful! The rooms were nice and the maid did a nice job each day (we did leave her a $2 tip each day). The refrigerator was warm when we checked in (it had not been plugged in), but after it was running for about 8-12 hours, it was cold. We always had plenty of soda and water in our room. The food was ok. Some meals were better than others, but we could always find something to eat that we liked. We ate at the a-la-carte restaurants every night, and twice we went to the Mexican buffet for a snack or dessert. We were never hungry. The drinks were great, except for the wine, which was terrible. We were expecting the drinks to be weak because it was all-inclusive, but the drinks were actually pretty strong. It is true that the best spots on the beach and pool are taken early in the day, but there is definately enough room for everyone. You just might not be as close to the water as others. Every spot is great though! And yes, there is a little seaweed but not bad at all! It is the ocean! It rained one morning, and the hotel is great about bringing out games and having indoor activities to do. One bit of info that could be helpful to others, that we were not aware of, is that the hotel does hand out umbrellas if needed. You just have to go to the lobby reception desk to get one (on the Caribe side). They take down your room number and you have to return the umbrella at check-out. We got soaked one night before we learned this. Other bits of info: activate your room key at check-in for the safe; definately bring bug spray (not in aerosol forregret it, (it was strange because we did not see any bugs, but would wake up with bites); bring some snacks (we brought Pringles and Granola bars), if you want to buy any of that stuff, it's expensive at the gift shop; also, the airport at Punta Cana is a rip-off as far as their food goes, we bought 2 sodas, a small bag of MM's, and a can of Pringles, and it cost $14. All-in-all it was a relaxing vacation and worth the money. Yes, I think or honeymoon in Hawaii was better, but it was also 3 times more expensive. In our opinion, if you read the comments on tripadvisor, take some of the suggestions, know what to expect, you will have a great time!  
<Date>May 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it will go back!! Stayed at Melia Caribe Tropical - on the Caribe side which is a duplicate of the Tropical. Had a wonderful time, beautiful weather, great food, nice room, warm friendly people, very little language problems, enjoyed the challenge - remember you are in a Spanish speaking country. Our room had a pool view and we were near the Turey grille and the ocean. We tried almost all the restaurants, French, Capri (fish), International Gourmet, Steak House, Chinese, International Buffet, Japanese and every bar. We never made it to the Mexican or Spanish restaurants. Every meal and we didn't miss one, was great beginning with anything you wanted for breakfast to hamburgers and fries, pizza, pasta and stir fried combos for lunch. If you could not find it or create it with the ingredients available then you deserve to go hungry and should stay home next time. The entertainment was very enjoyable, these folks have to entertain an international audience, French, Spanish, Italian German, English, and they did a terrific job. Plenty to do for activities, you just have to look around or read the agenda in the towel cabana. Pool is the biggest grandest I've ever seen, complete with whirlpool and swim up bar. Cabana Beds at the beach are the best. We snorkled with bread from the buffet right at the beach, took long walks on the beach and on the property, beautiful grounds, Flamingos, Peacocks, various ducks lots of landscaping. The lobby is huge, comfortable for people watching, drinking and talking. Every bar (except pool bar) flowed with anything you wanted. Wine was available in all the restaurants (white or red) with dinner and at lunch. Capacinno, expresso with all. Biggest bath towels I've ever gotten in a hotel including some of the best, and also at the beach. I can't say enough good things. The only negetive were some of the guests, and I'm sorry to say they were from the USA, - rude, impatient, apparently the only time they ever traveled was to McDonalds. They acted like they had never been outside their local their country and wanted you to have a good time and come back. They work very hard, long days in a lot of heat. We tipped a couple of dollars at meals not to garnish more service but because they deserved it and we appreciated them. I felt they treated everyone the same tip or not. We always left something for the maid. In the end it was probably $30-35 for the week - You're expected to leave the Maitre'D $40 on a cruise just for looking at your food! We had no issues with our stomaches unless it was caused by overeating and drinking, we drank lots of bottled water to help with that. The Spa is a great value, mud wraps, hot tubs, facial and massage for little $$ compared to what you would pay in the US. All and all we would go back tomorrow, actually this our 3rd visit to the Dominican but by far this hotel and package were the best. Men were asked to wear pants for evening dinning unless it was a buffet so women dressed nicely for dinner (no shorts, - dresses, pants and nice tops) it was nice to dine instead of just rushing thru dinner. Don't hesitate to go to this hotel, bring a little Spanish, an appetite and enjoy all the different people, learn a little more about their countries.  
<Date>May 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 stars hotel service we were from May 10-17, and really was not a good service .............no animation my daughter and her friends really miss our days at Cancun all inclusive hotels, and the service al room maid and bell boys really terrible think well until select this resort is beautiful but without a good service............  
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Taste of Heaven What a place to honeymoon! My husband and I were there Oct 7-14,2002. Our honeymoon destination was a surprise, given to us after our wedding. Thank goodness because we would have never picked this resort, since you rarely ever hear of anyone vacationing in the Dominican. We have travelled the world and this resort and country run a close second to Ireland (in my opinion nothing touches Ireland). The staff was wonderful, grounds beautiful, rooms immaculate! Had fresh flowers everyday, no problems with ants. The food was okay, but if you've ever travelled anywhere in the Carribean you'll find that it tastes no different from the other islands. It's their territory, their taste. Weather was wonderful. Beaches are awesome-the sand is pink! Only bad point---lots of Europeans were there letting their 6  7 year old boys and girls run around naked. Made me a little uncomfortable but I can deal with it. The airport was amazing, very different. Travelled with Vacation Express. They were great. Look out for Christy, the flight attendant. She's fun and made the 2-ish hour flight go by quickly. If you are a big partier, stick to Cancun. This definitely would not be for you. If you are a high-roller, this wouldn't be for you either. The casino isn't open until late in the evening, and is very small. If you're looking for rest and relaxation this is the place to go. But don't leave you're balcony door open-it shuts off the A/C. I found out the hard way. There are notices in the room telling you that, but obviously I can't read! Will definitley go back again. Several friends/family members have gone per our referral and had nothing bad to say-except for the young single ones...no crazy night life. But that's how we wanted it. Will be traveling back within a year. If you get a chance, don't pass it up.  
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible resort My boyfriend and I just came back from staying at the Melia Caribe Tropical for 10 nights. What a waste of money! The service was horrible and the food was horrendous! We got sick to our stomachs from the food, starting from our second night to out last day there. I think that they just keep the food lying out and it probably collects bacteria or goes bad, especially their red meat. I think that management does not know how to run this resort, maybe b/c it is too big. A weekly list of restaurants were given to us so we would know which ones were open for dinner. Three nights we went to certain restaurants that were supposed to be open, and were either closed b/c of a private party, or they just rudely, decided to close it and not tell the guests. When we questioned why the restaurant list was given to us and it was wrong, they responded well we have 10 other restaurants on our grounds. Yeah, they have many restaurants, but they are not all open the same day, and we had to exclude most of them, b/c we got sick! It also rained for half our trip. The water was clear, but there was a lot of grassy looking seaweed in there. The three different train lines (blue, yellow and green) got annoying, especially when, the resort decides to stop running a train and leaves us on the other side of the resort. I read the reviews on trip advisor, before I booked the trip, and should have paid more attention to the negative reviews. The grounds are beautiful, but overall the many negatives definitely outweigh the beauty of the resorts trees and flowers. I would not recommend this place to my friends that would like to travel to Punta Cana.  
<Date>May 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Time at Melia Caribe Tropical From start to finish had a wonderful time at this beautiful resort. Food was very good - try all the restaurants. Jr. Suite was very clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly and very accommodating - a dollar tip here and there goes a long way! Beach was a tropical delight. I would go back in a heart beat.  
<Date>May 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Honeymoon!! Best choice for the money! We wanted to go somewhere a little different than the regular honeymoon spots (Hawaii, St. Thomas, etc). So for our honeymoon in September 2002, this was it. The resort was amazing. It rained for 3 of the 7 days that we were there but it didn't matter. The temparture was warm and the drinks were flowing. We weren't too please with the food in the restaurants except for the Turrey Grill at lunchtime. But the activities were great. Take the day long trip to Santo Domingo if you can. It's a great opportunity to really learn about the culture. Unfortunately, the 4 wheel drive excursion we signed up for was cancelled because of rain but I there is nothing wrong with a few rainy days when you are on your honeymoon. We are planning to go back in the next couple of years. What a great memory!  
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hydehouse
<Content>Just the Ticket Just returned from the Melia Caribe Tropicl. Our decision to go this resort was influenced by the reviews on this web site - thanks everyone. We stayed a week from May 12 - 19 - it was our 25th anniversary so a nice place was definately required, and we were not disappointed.The grounds, room, pool and beaches are all excellent. The weather was also great at 35C every day.Food was generally very good with something for everyone. For dinner our favorite restaurant was Capri followed by la Romano and Ma Maison. Food was always served fresh and without to much of a wait - enough time to have a drink and enjoy the evening. Our only disappointment was at LeGourmet - food was middle of the road and service was slow. We also ate at Hokkaido (Japanese) and this was also excellent - a great way to meet people and talk - we enjoyed the food and the service. For lunch and breakfast there was always lots to choose from - some buffet items were better than others - we tried most everything and settled for what suited us. We particularly enjoyed the wide selection of fruit and juices at each meal.Service from all the staff from housekeeping to restaurants was excellent (above exception at le Gourmet).We stayed in the resort for the entire week. Our day consisted of laying by the pool or beach and reading, interrupted only by meals. We enjoyed getting dressed for dinner at the end of the day and after dinner relaxing at one of the bars or lounges listening to the music of the various bands that we brought in to entertain.We recommend the Caribe Tropical and we are planning on returning.  
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent I just returned from a 7 day trip to the Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana Dominican Republic. After reading some of the reviews posted, my wife and I were alittle hesitant about visiting. We are both 25 years old and were not looking for a girls gone wild type atmosphere (not that theres anything wrong with that). After reading many reviews I have become very disappointed at all the ridiculous comments. I will set the record straight. First off when arriving plan on bringing a carryon with a bathing suit because chances are that you will want to start your vacation as soon as you get to the hotel. It is true that the bell boys take awhile getting your luggage to your room. Who cares! By taking my advice you will completely avoid a frustrating experience. Have a drink take a walk enjoy. My first impression of the hotel was very pleasant. The floors are marble the furniture is rattan (wicker). Wrought iron and glass are accented with beautiful floral arrangements and attention to detail like no other. It would make the Four Seasons take a double take. Every inch of the hotel is spotless. The staff is dedicated to keeping the hotel sparkling and it shows. But noone ever mentions that in there reviews of the hotel. Lets talk about the rooms. We stayed at 32 which is a 5 minute walk from the lobby. The room we stayed in was big with a king size bed, balcony, immaculate bathroom, A/C satellite TV a mini fridge with complementary soft drinks and waters. Everyone charges for the mini fridge but not this place. The furniture was very appealing and made the room feel all the more cozy. In response to the ants in the room comment I have read my response is we are in a tropical place and acouple ants are expected. Flowers are placed daily in the room, nice touch. The main Swimming Pools are huge big enough for all and scattered throughout the resort are smaller pools which are hardly used because I figure everyone wants to be near the bar and wet bar. Drinks are great. My only criticism here is with the amrs because they just cant keep up with the demand. Remember its all inclusive. My solution here is order 2 or 3 drinks at a time. They won't even question your request.Period. There are so many activities included they will make your head spin. Volleyball, soccer, dancing lessons and about 50 more things I could mention. Take advantage have fun or just do nothing. But please don't complain there something for everyone. The activities staff is so energetic its hard to keep up. The beach is pristine with white sand and bluish green water. I spent most of my time in the water either on a canoe, wet bike or just snorkeling. Again all this is included free of charge. The Turrey Grill has a well rounded breakfast and lunch name it they've got it. And remember if there is something you don't like try something else. They even make burgers and pizza and custom sandwiches anyway you like. There is tons of fresh fish and meats and breads and salads that the only way you could hate the food would be if all you ate from was a box and a can at home. Enough said. All the reviewers have had some kind of good and bad experience with the restaurants. I myself only had one bad experience but I will not name the restaurant. The reason I tried the restaurant in the first place was because of all the rave reviews from people that had previously eaten there. I am sure it was an off night for this place. Every place we ate at was great and if you don't like the food tell the waiter to bring you something else. That's what makes this place so great. The staff will go out of there way to accommodate. I think a lack of staff is the culprit for the bad reviews the restaurants have gotten. Besides that they do a good job. Tipping is not required but it is a very good gesture. By all means leave a tip to your waiter I'm not talking about $20 bucks. 1 or 2 dollars goes along way in the Dominican Republic and the staff will treat you like royalty and I know we can all afford it. Americans are used to tipping which is great and I would see somenly bettered there treatment. It made up for all the cheap Europeans which couldn't even spare a penny. Hint: Spaniards which were also the most demanding. Enough said. Night life this is an area where many people were at odds. You have to catch the shows after dinner. The performers are very talented and you will be surprised how well choreoghraped all the shows are. Everynight includes a different theme and they are all worth watching. The shows start at 10 and end by 11. What to do. The casino is a good option. By all means this place is not for High Rollers so just have fun or visit Las Vegas instead. You can have fun till 3am if you want to at the casino. If gambling is not your bag visit the Fun Pub which is a small night club in the hotel. This place was only good 2 nights. I think its the music they play or maybe to many people are to tired to stay up so partying here is kind of up in the air. I have the solution. A 10 minute 10 dollar cab ride takes you to MANGUE night club. I don't remember what hotel it belongs to but if you want to party this is the place. A great crowd, beautiful women and outstanding mix of music make this a must go. Get there after 12am because the party spills out till 5am. Its safe there is plenty of security and alot of tourists. A hint for all of you checking this place out upstairs where the bathrooms are there is a hidden door which leads to a VIP section straight out of Manhattan with swings and pillows and plasma TVs. We met people night after night who never new the room upstairs existed and they had been going there for days on end. A very nice bartender let us in on the secret. This is where learning a few dance moves courtesy of the Melia staff comes in handy. Anyway that's all in a nutshell. Quick tips I highly recommend not buying anything on the beach. Sorry locals but your aggressive manner and way of selling is a turn off. Quick example a supposed $15 dollar bottle of rum turned out to be 5 bucks at the hotel giftshop the stuff is old and looks likes its been therecigars at the turrey grill restaurant. They are no name cigars but all are hand rolled fresh. Please bring all medicines and over the counters with you because you do not want to pay Rodeo Drive prices Benyadral is $30.00 a teaspoon of pepto is $10. I positively and hole heartedley recommend this place to anyone who is looking to relax. We did no excursions because we just weren't interested. We just came to get away and this is the place to do it. I wrote this review with the frustration that myself and my wife could have missed out on one of the best vacations of our lives If we would have listened to the reviews. GO Make your reservation today. And for the money you just can't beat it  
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful resort I visited the Melia Tropical using my timeshare exchange company RCI for a visit my husband and I took to the Dominican Republic May 10-17/03. We thoroughly enjoyed the trip and found the resort to be top-notch. We stayed in one of the timeshare buildings which are 15 and 16 in the Tropical side.There are actually 2 resorts the Melia Carib and Melia Tropical which have 2 separate lobbies but share facilities. The resorts are located on 124 acres of lush, tropical vegetation which can only be described as beautiful. It is an ocean front property with white sand beaches and tall palm trees framing the beach. It is true that there was some algae in the water which we did not experience last year in Veradera but I felt otherwise it was much more picturesque. Tropical birds including flamingos wandering freely on the grounds. There were several trains to transport you throughout the immense grounds. We loved the restaurants. The beachside buffet restaurants had an immense selection of eggs, omelettes, cold cuts, bacon, sausages, cereal, yogourts, cheeses, many juices and fresh fruit. The lunch buffets were also excellent with a view of the Caribbean in the background. We enjoyed all the a la carte restaurants(although we didn't get to them all) but the French restaurant Ma Maison comes especially to mind. It was hot and I found I needed a respite from the heat in the afternoon and was able to watch some of my favourite TV shows. The pools were magnificent-huge with swim-up bars. I must admit that the bed wasn't comfortable as my bed at home but all in all a great vacation! Please feel free to email me with any questions at gendi7@aol.com. Jennifer in Toronto.  
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful Vacation We stayed at the Melia during the last week of April. After reading many of these reviews, I was quite nervous, however, once I got there, I knew that I was going to enjoy myself. We did sign up for the MAS membership, however, it made no difference. Check-in took about 10 minutes and we were served drinks. We took the train to our room (as you know, the resort is huge!) and the suitcases were delivered in about 20 minutes, which I was surprised about! The room was very clear except for a few ants crawling around the bathroom (I think the fresh flowers that housekeeping left in the room was a cause of these). We were in building 28, which is in a very close proximity to the beach and pool, which was convenient most of the time, except for dinner. The Turey Buffet (for Lunch and Breakfast) was also right near us. Let me break this review down into a few categories:STAFF/SERVICE/COURTESY: We were EXTREMEMLY impressed with the staff at the Melia. They made an effort to speak our language (English) and most of the time, had no time communicating. They were pleasant, friendly, and helpful people, and would go out of their way to do anything. A few examples: We left a note for our maid to bring soap to the room (in Spanish) and it was delivered promptly (a word of advice, tip your maid! It Pays off, we left $2 USD every other day and some bags of candy that we brought). The restaurant staff was also very friendly. The activity staff was AWESOME! Great group of guys that were very pleasant and positive. I can think of no negative experience with a member of staff.FOOD: This is a big one for everyone. I would give the food at the Melia a 7/10. It was good, but not great...but what can you expect at a Domincan Resort. Do NOT eat at the Chinese restaurant, that's the only place that truly is horrible. The breakfast buffet was very good with lots of variety and custom omelettes. Lunch was the same. We tried all the A La Cartes except the Japanese (we didn't get a chance to make a reservation). The French res cooked PERFECTLY. We also tried the Mexican Buffet which was EXCELLENT and the International buffet which was good but not great. I would not worry about food here, if you don't like one place, there are so many other options to choose from.ACTIVITES:Lots to do in general. Down time is around 1-3 for activities staff, so there's not much going on. In the morning there was pool aroebics and a pool game, then from 1-3 nothing, then after 3 a lot of stuff on the beach: Volleyball, Soccer, Kayak Races, Dance Lessons, etc. Lots to do for everyone! And as mentioned before, the activities staff was was excellent. Kelvin and Melvin were the best! There are also lots of hidden things going on like little cocktail receptions and free massages. The shows at night were generally very entertaining but not appropriate for children. The dancers/actors/actresses are VERY talented. Shows were at 10pm every night and Bingo at 9pm (I won twice). The Casino is also open from around 6-3am, so go lose some money!ROOM:As mentioned before, it was clean, very pretty, and comfortable. Nothing much to really say!POOL:1 Large pool on both the Tropicale and Caribe sides: really pretty with pool bars. Something for everyone. There are also little pools scattered throughout the resort.BEACH:Not Bermuda. You see some turquoise water but it's mixed with some Atlantic Ocean Water too. Lots of seaweed however it's cleaned nightly so it's not a problem. Nice water. Definitely good enough for what you need. Beautiful Sand.SAFETY:Was not uncomfortable at all. Armed Guards around the perimiter of the hotel, however I didn't hear of anything happening.NOTES/ADVICE:As I said before, avoid the Chinese Restaurant. The Italian is not to ogreat either. Bring candy for your maid and some ones to Tip. Bring plenty of small change (USD is fine). We did 2 tours: Bavaro Splash where you drive your own boat and snorkel and Quad Safari, which was a four-wheeling tour. Both were a great experience and VERY well run. You'll need credit cards/cash to pay for these (nge. Get an activity schedule from the lobby so you know what's going on! It's a huge resort so if you're not up for walking or can't wait for the train (every 15 minutes) it's not good for you. The walk from the lobby to the beach is a good 20 minutes. Other than that, just sit back and relax, you're on vacation, don't be so critical! You will enjoy yourself tremendously if you're not up tight. Remember, they are Dominicans, however they are all friendly and do their best. I would go back here in a heartbeat, I recommend staying from 7-10 days. If you have any questions at all, EMAIL ME! I'd be happy to help.  
<Date>May 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Honeymoon we could have hoped for My wife and I just got back from a WONDERFUL week at the Melia Caribe. The grounds are incredible and nicely maintained. The white sand beaches are to die for. The pool was clean and refreshing. The food was excellent and the drink flowed freely (you have to go get a Miami Vice from Bernardo on the Caribe side pool bar). As far as the people who get negative about the service and the language barrier, we have this to say: You are in a different country, get over it! The service is Dominican time, they get things done, but in two Dominican Minutes, not a New York minute. And as for the language thing, the staff is very willing to get you what you want, even if you have to point and use body/sign language - they are more than accommodating. As for the tipping thing, it is really not necessary, but giving the maid a couple of dollars a day will get you a long way. When you get ready to buy your souvenirs, go to the beach side flea market and look for Fernando (he wears a hat and tips it to everyone who comes by, stating Look, I'm your friend, see?). Don' be afraid to haggle with him. He has a lot of good stuff in his shop and we bought all our gifts from him. He originally started at $350 U.S and we walked out of there with lots of stuff to bring home to people for $120! Also, try and go on the Bavaro Runners tour if you can. You will really get a feel for the country and it is an enjoyable 8 hour tour. Again, we can't say enough good things about our trip. Go, relax, and enjoy Paradise!  
<Date>May 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax! Enjoy yourself! I just came back from staying the weekend at the Melia Caribe Tropical. Before I left Friday, I read the reviews that were posted here and I got scared thinking i chose the wrong hotel. Luckily, I did not experience any of the things that have been stated in these postings. First of all, I speak Spanish and I guess that is a plus. But you can certainly get around. The staff is very friendly but not the most accomodating. You just have to go there and realize YOU ARE NOT IN THE USA!!! With that in mind, things like waiting for a drink/food/service etc. is normal in ANY latin country...I wouldn't classify it as a five-star, but it certainly is not as horrible as these postings have made it sound. I did not have any food/stomach issues but my boyfriend did a little. I guess (like when traveling to any foreign country) try sticking to meals that your stomach is used to, drink only bottled water, be careful with seafood and make sure everything is COOKED....the chicken and burgers at the Turrey Grill were the best!If you are looking for a party-hardy place, this is not it. But if you just want to relax by the beach, pool, take naps and do water activities, this is the place. They have beach volleyball, merengue and arobic lessons on the beach...it is relaxing and fun. I though my hotel room was decent. Fresh flowers everyday, but the maid only replaced the bath towels, not wash towels -- so bring some! The food was pretty good. I actually loved the Japanese restaurant! For not being Japanese, they did a great job! I read some postings about how HUGE this place is and how annoying it is to walk to the beach...honestly, the little trolley is wonderful! and the walk from the lobby to the beach is not all that long!The thing is, i am not a whiner or a complainer...i enjoy the simplest things in life so something like slow service while I am on vacation does not bother me....I don't consider that BAD service, just slow....I guess growing up in new york my whole life, it makes me appreciate the beauty of not place to anyone who has an open mind, one who is patient and one who enjoys and respects other cultures.....if you go there with the American mentality, you will be very disapointed!I loved it, i hope you do too!! -cc  
<Date>May 13, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Weather, Bad Service! (Among Other Things) Ok. Just got back from a 7 day trip to the Melia Caribe Tropical, in Punta Cana. I'll start with the positive things first. The weather... just awesome. The weather in the Dominican made the trip go smoother than it could have been. Bright skies, lot's of sunshine, and a gorgeous landscape. Unfortunately, that's where the positive ends, and the negatives begin... We arrived around 11am to the hotel. After much confusion, we were told that check in to the room was not available until 3pm. Ok, not such a big deal if you are already in your swim trunks and t-shirt, you could just head to the pool or beach. But coming from Toronto, I wasn't exactly dressed for the beach just yet.... And our luggage was not available to us, it was in transport to the hotel room already. THE CASINO. DO NOT GO THERE!!! I have played in many, many casino's and I enjoy playing (win or lose...) BUT the casino staff at the Melia Caribe Tropical are the worst staff I have ever seen... I could not believe how badly they wanted to take mine and everyone else's money.... It's like they had a personal stake in it. I've lost thousand's in casino's and haven't been so pissed off. AND I only lost a couple hundred.... that's all. I wouldn't play anymore there, because the dealers there were that rude and bad.... I guess because they are the only casino on the resort, they feel they don't have to be nice. Actually I feel the staff of the entire resort was on the unfriendly side. And believe me when I say, they do not speak english at all!! I'd say 1 out of 20 speak english that is barely understandable. The food was not that bad, but a few of the people I was with, found it unsatisfactory. It definetely could have been better. I honestly tried to go with an open mind, and was rather disappointed with the experience. I am writing this review so would be traveller's have enough information, on deciding their vacation spot. This review has been long already, so I'll end it here. If you want more details, just email me. I also we other tale!!!!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time After reading these reviews, my husband and I had decided to go with an open mind. We went for 4 days with a group of 26 other people and I can only speak for my husband and myself. We had a great time. We just got back May 4th.There were no issues with our room, they clean any time from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm. The room was spotless and Maria (the maid) spoke no english but that was not a problem. All the workers there had a smile and a wave for everybody they came in contact with.Most of the workers that had direct guess contact spoke some English. I had taken a translator but didn't need to use it. Sometimes we had a drink mistake but we didn't mind, if we didn't like it, we didn't drink it and ordered another one.The grounds, beach and pool were awesome. We stayed on the Tropical side.We ate at the Le Gourmet (Filet Mineon) was very good, Los Panchos was Mexican buffet was good, Hokkaido (Japanese) was also really good. The Japanese has seating times, it is the only one now that you need reservations. Breakfast at Los Atabales buffet, my husband had good omlettes. Lunch at Agora Grill buffett was fine. We are not picky eaters and found plenty to eat that we liked.With most of the restaurants being open air, there are birds. It is no different than any other place where you eat outside.We did not get sick from eating or drinking. We would go back.  
<Date>May 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jkoenig
<Content>very nice resort My husband and I recently went the the Melia for a 3 night stay, April 26 -29th, 2003. The check in went very smoothly and within 30 minutes we were in our room with our luggage already delivered. This was great considering we arrived in the evening,approximately 8:00pm so we were tired, but still wanted to unpack right away and check out the grounds, and find a restaurant! The accomodations were spacious, nice, marble floors, nice size balconies, everything we needed! There was even a pull out sofa in the sitting area. We got lucky too, we were in room 3512 which was the 2nd building from the beach and we were right by 2 pools! This resort, as they all are in Punta Cana, is exremely large! There is a train that shuttles guests to 4 different stops around the resort, picking up at the train depots every 15 minutes. I found it too hot to wait and usually walked, but my legs and feet paid dearly for it! Even though there are maps posted throughout the resort, I still got lost a few times! The resort grounds are absolutely beautiful! Very lush and manicured. There are flamingos, peacocks and ducks in several of the eco-ponds throughout. So many different Palm trees and flowers everywhere, the view was worth puting my aching legs through the walk! The pools are huge, beautiful and refreshing with lots of chairs for seating. The beach was gorgeous, sugar white sand you could walk for miles. There was no kelp (as I've read about), they must have raked it every day! There are lots of toys to reserve (catamarans,sunsails,kayaks, etc.) but you do have to reserve them, they book up fast. Now, the food....in the buffet restaurants it is just that...buffet quality. Very typical of any all -inclusive I've been to. It was fine for the 3 days we were there, but I couldn't have eaten the same things over and over for 7 days! The gourmet restaurants ( We only went to Capri and La Maison) were very delicious, we loved them!! There are several others but we didn't have enough time for all of them, but I k in, or the following morning. One drawback....NO coffeemakers in the rooms! Since there is no room service, I was very disappointed! The only place I could find coffee in the morning was in the International restaurant, and even then I had to ask several times for a cup of coffee! Once I went to the main bar to ask for coffee, and he served it out of a NESCAFE machine! I couldn't tell if it was hot cocoa or what, but it wasn't real coffee! Also, they don't staff enough bar tenders! They usually only had 1 and 10-15 people trying to get drinks and everyone was ticked off because it took 10 minutes to order 1 drink! We did find that tipping the bar tender usually got us served over other people because he remembered us and that we tipped! Hate to say it but it's true! I forgot 1 thing....the maids deliver your towels/linens in a black garbage bag! They have no carts or anything, they pull your towels out of a plastic bag and hand them to you and take your old ones and put them in another bag...hope they don't get the two mixed up! pwew! All in all...I would rate this a 3 1/2 star resort. Most of the staff was very friendly, even though most don't speak english! Beautiful resort and destination!!  
<Date>May 6, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>OlgaBelgium
<Content>5 star hotel? It was our honneymoon. We stayed for two weeks at Melia Caribe. We both are so sad we chose this hotel. We even tried to change the flight (it didn't work out). Service - bad, SLOW and they expected to be tipped for everything.Food - completely unsanitary (all those black birds eating and walking on fruits, desserts and cheese at Grille Turey) and mostly tasteless. Their juices (except tomato one) are made of powder. And their wines - what a disaster... By the way, at restaurants waiters can easily refill your half-empty glass with a different sort of wine. Once we tried champaign (on Wednesday Honneymoon Cocktail) - and we both were sick.I am amazed to read the reviews saying that Chinese and Japanese are good. At Chinese a waiter took away my plate while I was eating and then we waited for dessert for 20 minutes (and so we left without dessert). To eat at the Japanese restaurant in the evening I had to wait in the line for 1 hour 10 minutes in the morning. And food was so bad! So after we went every evening to Mexican restaurant which was comparatively acceptable. At all restaurants we tried drinks mostly arrived at the end of the meal.There was nothing to do in the evening. It was first vacation in my life when I watched TV in the evening. Yes, they make a show at 22:00. It's called Disco-Show. There you are sitting and watching some mediocre dancers opening their mouths to the music and dancing.We had a problem in our room. Ceiling was all wet and the water was coming down on the bed. It took us so much effort and time to get help. And bathroom always smelled so bad!Ok, I stop here. The hotel has nothing to do with five star standards.I do not think that people from the USA will mind my review. Since there is no same site for European travellers - I am submitting my review here.  
<Date>May 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please Don't Go To The Melia! PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL ! THE FOOD IS SIMPLY HORRENDOUS - NO MATTER HOW BEAUTIFUL THE GROUNDS LOOK, HOW GOOD THE GOLF IS OR HOW GREAT THE WEATHER IS, IT JUST ISN'T WORTH IT!My wife  I have been traveling for about 16 years to all sorts of destinations and locations. We have been to St. Thomas, St. Johns, St. Maarten, Puerto Vallarta, Manzanilla (Las Hadas), Hyatt Cerrromar in Puerto Rico, St. Lucia, Aruba, Cancun, etc. We are very experienced travelers and try to choose ou destination carefully because we save all year to go away for 7-10 days in a special place.We just returned from an 8 day vacation(???) 4/19 through 4/28 and cannot stress enough how bad the food is. You would think that it wouldn't matter so much but when you spend most of your time in your room (on the toilet) it just isn't fun. Wherever we went, (e.g. breakfast, casino, beach, shopping) the main topic of conversation was the food. Several lucky travelers got to leave their trips early without any penalty from the airline. We would have also except we already spent $2800 and couldn't afford to spend another couple of hundred dollars to travel outside the scheduled departure date.Go figure this one out (it doesn't take a genius either) - the gift shop was sold out of Maalox and Pepto Bismol by Tuesday. Unfortunately, for us, we only bought one bottle, figuring that would be enough - but it wasn't. By the way, the shelves were fully stocked with Ex-Lax and Phillips Milk of Magnesia. Ever wonder why people didn't buy them yet the shelves were out of Maalox? We met a couple from Louisville Kentucky who said their entire group had diarrhea. And that was 32 people. They said they could handle breakfast but that was it. I would have to say the same thing, only because I started to eat Sugar Pops and Frosted Flakes, good old US of A cereals. Some people were eating eggs (cooked very, very well done) and the bread was ok. But forget about lunch and dinner. Dinner was incredibly inedible. Please don't ing to write to my travel agent and Apple because we have to get some type of remuneration for this catastrophe. If they gave us a week free there we would not accept it. We can't go through that again.I feel sad for my wife, especially, because she does not get paid for taking off work (I do). She looks forward to this activity most of the year and when it turns out to be such a disaster, I feel responsible because I arrange the vacations. We are still feeling the effects and hope over the counter medicines will take effect soon.Do not hesitate to write me or ask questions on gypsywizardry@aol.com. I want help you make a better choice than we did.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Trip We stayed at the Melia From April 5 - 13, 2003. I am going to try to avoid duplicating anything that previous reviewers wrote. We had a fantastic time at the resort and would go back in a heartbeat. We stayed on the Tropical side of the resort which I think was a much better side. The Tropical pool and bar service were excellent - but when we went to the Carible pool, it needed a paint job badly and the bar service was pretty slow. We have also traveled to many places around the world, and comparitively, for the money, this place was a great deal and well worth the money. For a little more than a grand for a week, do you really expect to eat at 5 star restaurants every night? Compared to Mexico, this place was 100% better for the same amount of money. I agree that the food was not the absolute best it could be, but I did not see anything unsanitary at all. The restaurant at the beach where we ate breakfast and lunch every day had great burgers (one reviewer said to avoid them, but they tested just as good as any burger I have had here in the states) and great pizza (and since I am from Chicago, I know good pizza.) They have a pasta bar and omelet bar which guaranteed hot food, as the rest of the stuff on the buffet tended to be on the lukewarm side which has been my experience at every buffet I have ever been to.The rooms were nice; the beach and hotel grounds were breathtaking. We did not have any bugs except for a few no-see-ems which you encounter when you go to Florida. So when you plan your trip here, check the dates that the reviewers stayed if they complained of bugs. We did not experience too much of a language barrier with the hotel staff. As for service in the restaurants..this is what we experienced. If we went to the restaurants at 6:00 when they open, we had fabulous service. If we went after 8:00, the service was very, very slow. This is not to say service was bad because it was slow...I think that the Europeans enjoy the service this way and that is who the resoervice anywhere in the hotel except for the Caribe pool bar. There are definitely long lines for check in and check out so be prepared. And to turn the power on in your room, you need to insert your room key in the slot by the light switch as you walk in the room. Nobody told us that and it took a little while to figure that out.We loved the resort and the country is very beautiful. We definitely go back and stay at the Melia again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Punta Cana '03 I spent 7 AMAZING days at the hotel. it's the nicest resort i've ever been to. It's a trip i will NEVER forget  
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected Just came back with the wife and kids age 9 and 5 from April 11 to the 19. Made arrangements through Travel Impressions. Here's a tip, at the airport grab a cab instead of the tour bus. its worth the 20 bucks. A priority for us was location to the pool and the beach. Couple of weeks before I emailed and faxed my request. Upon checkin, I reiterated the same request. Luckily we were given a room right off the pool and the beach. The place is huge with beautiful maintained grounds. You need to take a train that runs every 15 minutes to get to where your going. We arrived at 2pm and was told our room would be ready at 3, so we had lunch at La Gourmet buffet which was ok. the room was ready and clean but our luggage didn't get there till 5pm so make sure you have a change of clothes in your carry on. The pool was magnificant. Huge. Bring your own beach towels. The whole system is flawed. only one towel per person and don't lose them!. Here are some of the good and bad. If your traveling with young children like we did here's what we found: The kids club is nothing to brag about. Its outdoors with the usual jungle gym, swings, board games. You sign them in at 10am until 5/5:30. One day they took the kids haorseback riding which my 9 year old enjoyed. They also had the kids rehearse for a play at night whic was very cute. However, after 5:30 there really isn't anything for kids that age to do. At 9pm they have a kids disco and a show afterward which my 5 year old couldn't stay awake for. There's a teenclub room with vidio games, foos ball and pooltable which my 9 year old was able to go too but nothing for the younger one which meant we couldn't check out the casino. I thought making dinner reservations was a hassle. Because we were all the way at the beach end, I had to jump on the train, go to the other lobby (there are two) take a number like your on a deli line and wait....and wait...when I got there at 9am I was number 62...they were up to 28....we ate French. You need dress pants and drs they offer. The kids are bound to find something to eat. We found the pasta and pizza very good. Mexican was also good. I can eat anything so I thought the food was good. Remember, they are cooking for hundreds of people. Rent a boat and go snorkling at the Bavaro splash, the kids loved it. We swam with dolphins at Maneti park. Although it rained I think we lucky, no crowds left by 12:00 noon...We met a great couple from england who had two kids the same age which was a Godsend. The beaches and water were prestine. Ive read reviews knocking the seaweed but no where near anything in NY. Its a very European attitude on the beach so be prepared to see flesh. Everything is in Spanish, French, German and English with the first three being the dominant. The majority speak english just fine I thought. The rooms were ok, but how much time do you really spend in it. Throw the cleaning lady a couple of bucks for extra towels. The shower has a mind of its own changing from hot to cold and the pressure stinks. The place is so big its almost overwhelming. Don't buy anything in the gift shop. Take a walk along the beach, there are plenty of booths and definitly haggle. There are plenty of water sports. All in all, they could improve the the kids club and nightlife especially for the young ones. Again, the beach and pool were awesome, didn't have a bug problem, food was ok and the grounds meticulous. We really enjoyed ourselves.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family Vacation We just came back from our vacation and like the rest of you read all the reviews. I was skeptical about the Melia Caribe, but went anyway. It was just ok. We have three boys 16, 11, 5 and it was a little disappointing for them. There wasn't enough for them to do. Mainly, because of the language problem. But they ended up having an ok time. The weather wasn't very cooperative. Out of 7 days we had 2 full days of rain and two half days of rain and when it wasn't raining it was very humid. The grounds it self were beautiful I will give them that and very very clean. The rooms were just OK, but definately clean. The food was HORRIBLE. Breakfast was bareable, because what can you do to eggs and bacon. Lunch was passable - cheeseburgers and french fries everyday. Now Dinner that was disgusting - especially for the kids. Everything and I mean everything is made ahead of time. The only fresh cooked food is the Japanese and that was good. But, I got on line at 8:00 and waited for an hour till they opened up. I wouldn't recommend this resort for children, because of the food. There are no choices for them and there are no snack foods. My little guy stocked up on boxes of cereal from breakfast to have snacks during the day. The grounds and poo were very nice and the train was tolerable (better then walking in the rain and humidity). The Europeans are the majority and can be a little rude - had to use my N.Y. attitude once or twice. I usually leave it home on vacation. They will definately knock you kids down if there in the way. My last comment, be careful of the locals, they will steal you blind. My husband and a friend had money taken from their bags on a fishing trip and the hotel personnel will take you for a ride also. Get a receipt for everything. If I had the chance I would have chosen another country. Many better places to visit.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>IT WAS AWESOME Hello, for all the people who wrote bad things about this hotel are WRONG. Ok there are trains to go to the beach and the resturants but if u want a hotel that offers a HUGE pool and over 10 resturants then the place is going to be a little big. Also the walking is very healthy it burns off all the food that you ate at the meal. The food is excellent it is very sanitary and very good. The resturants have a lot to offer and they can please your every request. The service at the hotel is very very good and the people are nice and friendly. The beach is very very beautiful, just because there is are little spots of seaweed in the water doesnt mean that it is ugly. the water is very clear and the hotel maintance crew cleans the seaweed that has washed up on the sand. The grounds of the hotel are very nice. There are many gardens and flowers. I would go there again, the offer everything that person could need.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was beautiful, but not worth it! We spent one week at the Melia Caribe for our honeymoon. I was excited to travel to Punta Cana and I dismissed the bad reviews and focused only on the good ones. I am a pretty positive person. Looking back, that was a mistake. It saddens me to say, we were not happy with our trip.The good points (which were many):1. The people were great and very friendly. There were really no language problems and the staff was very friendly. 2. Our room was originally very far from the beach and the front desk clerk was very accomadating. The next day, we switched rooms to building 27, right across from the pool.3. The pool was huge, and nice.4. The beach was pretty nice. I have been to better.5. The golf was great! The coarse is like a $40-50 coarse in Michigan. No problems making reservations, it all went very smooth. We got an early start all three days! Golf saved out vacation!6. The casino was small, but okay. 7. The grounds were beautiful and very well kept. Everytime we ate dinner, our joke was,but the grounds are so beautiful.Here's the part we didn't like:The food; it was terrible. I am not too sure how the other reviewers could even say it was okay. It disgusted me. It really was unsanitary and would fail every health code here in the States ( I am well aware I was in another country and shouldn't expect the same quality). We tried every restaurant, and were very dissappointed. When I am on vacation, I like to eat good!! Lunch and breakfast were slightly okay, only compared to dinner. Dinner was horrible. We dreaded going to dinner. Think of the worst possible restaurant you've been to and try going there for 7 nights. Please take my advice and find another hotel (even though they are probably all the same). My last comment- I am someone who has traveled a lot and usually stays in nice resorts (Mexico, Caribbean, Bahamas, Bermuda, Brazil, the States . . .). I have been to many places, and this falls at the bottom of my list. Again, it saddens me to say thd write a great review!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kids, Kids, and More Kids!!! POSITIVES: Great pools. good size rooms, many restaurants in which to choose. Shows every night on both sides of property. Upon check-in our room was ready shortly after 3:00 p.m.NEGATIVES: Ocean full of seaweed (small patches of clear aqua water...but very sporadic, especially in front of Melia...much nicer further down Bavaro Beach). Listen up!!!! The property is so big that you have to take trains to the restaurants. (one train per side) If you are at the back of the property, near pool and beach, then it is approx. a 15-20 minute wait for the train every night. When the train arrives to pick you up for dinner, it has already run all through the property and is usually full. If your room is at the front of the property then you walk to restaurants but take the train to the beach not allowing you to make a quick run to your room if you forgot something. Certainly you can walk but after dressing for dinner and hiking in the heat the evening definitely looses something. The food was very typical of all inclusives which means breakfast is not the best of meals, lunch provides a little more variety and dinner usually is the best meal. We never once stood in the 2 hour lines at the front desk in the morning to make dinner reservations. We walked in every night and asked if they had availability and we were seated right away. I knew going there that is was a very popular European destination and I thought that would certainly provide us with a more diverse vacation experience. But what I was reminded of is... BUFFET LINES + EUROPEANS = NO MANNERS! They don't wait in lines, whether it be for food or to be seated, they do not excuse themselves when they knock into you and they are certainly more guilty of letting their kids run freely. They reach over you if you are standing in front of the food they want. And just watch when they are walking two abreast never ever do they step aside and go single file allowing oncoming pedestrians to pass by them. They charge at you expecting you to move. n line for that full train to come just watch how polite they are when they jump in front of you to grab a seat on the train. I am sorry to say that I found the employees (except the ones at the front desk) to be very somber and aloof. I was told they are always smiling and happy (maybe this week all of the kids were driving them nuts too) but that certainly was not my experience. I brought an electronic translator and a dictionary to help communicate with them. They actually almost seemed bothered by my asking for help. I have travelled the Caribbean quite a bit and much like the Europeans, I found the employees to be very rude. There was more than one occasion where we tipped a waiter or bellhop (thinking that might buy us a smile or act of kindness) but it didn't...actually not one of them even thanked us for the tip. Lastly this brings me to the title of the email...KIDS, KIDS AND MORE KIDS...if you are looking for some time away from your kids and don't care if you are around everyones elses' then this is a place for you! I was told that this property had two sides, the Tropical side which was for families and the Caribe side which was for couples. Not so. Don't be suckered in. I would say that it was about 1/4 to 1/3 families all over the resort. I don't tink the hotel is going to turn away a family just because the Tropical side is already booked. KIDS, KIDS AND MORE KIDS mean diapers for bathing suits, if they have anything at all on, pool bar stools always full as they wait for their frozen milk shakes, balls flying by your head, water wings and floats everywhere, cannonballs splashing pool water in your drinks, and ah yes the oh so pleasant blood curdling cries telling mom and dad it is nap time. I had done some pretty extensive research on this place and on the island. I felt I knew what I was getting into. Maybe had I read a review like this one I would have found another island or hotel location. If you have not been to many places you will think it is great. If you are well traveled and you ot! Be advised the Dominican Republic is a cheaper vacation spot for a good reason!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DISGUSTED WITH SOME OF THE COMMENTS I just wanted to make a few comments. If you notice, all or most of the bad reviews come from the cities from the north-east USA. It makes me sick to listen to your prejudice comments. If you don't realize and Iknow you don't, you are the foreigner going into their country so you need to learn their language. Dont' criticise someone from their own country that doesn't know how to speak english. Wake up you people and get a different attitude and explore different cultures. If you can't do this, stay home or visit a english speaking country.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent!! Excellent!!! Excellent!!!!! I just got back from my honeymoon in Melia. Everything went perfect and does not compare to any other trip we have taken. The Food is Great strating from the Grill to the Japanese Restaurant everything was the awsome. The pool was huge with a bar which I loved the attention in the bar was good too. The beach was was clean with a beatifull sand and water. There was also so many activities to do there starting from sailing to parachuting. We aslo did the Horse ride for 1 hour which is about $20 dollars great. I was dealing with a guy Named Gustavo usually stays by the pool who sells you excursions we took the Party book called the BIN BON BON it was great and fun.The night Shows were so funny but be carefull they usually come to the audience and pick you to participate its FUN! The room was clean always with airconditioner so cold we turned it off at night. People there give you the attention of a five star resort they always willing to help. For shopping i went to a place called Plaza Bavaro the taxi ride is about $10 us but well worth it so much cheaper than in the resort. Be careful though everyone trying to sell you something learn to say NO. The night Life is Nice where we went to a pub and also to this Awsome Disco outside the resort called MANGOOSE. Excellent place to have a drink and Dance some Merengue. I really advise people to go to this resort its Great for couples, Group of Friends, Or just the family either way you will have fun and enjoy the beautifull weather and scenery.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Vacation!!! Just returned from a seven night trip to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. Melia Caribe resort was great. Grounds were very well maintained. Rooms were clean and afridge stocked with plenty of bottled water  soft drinks. We read alot of bad reviewds before leaving concerning communication, we had no problem. We could always find someone who spoke at least a little english. Check in was very quick with no problems.(We did get in late at 9 PM and were the only couple going to Melia on an Apple tour) Pools were clean and the pool bars excellent. Lots of top shelf Liquer. Jose was great (A little tip here and there goes a long way!) Casino was small but never to crowded. Carlos at the casino bar was the best. Found most the food to be very good, especially at the Ala carte resteraunts. Mexican buffet was good, did not care for the international buffet. Japenese and French were tho only ones requiring reservations. Japenese well woth it! Resort ois very large, but with the tram running every ten to fifteen minutes we found no problem. We took to trips while there, 1) Bavaro splash, You take your own small speed boat to a location with a floating dock and snorkel for about an hour with a guide, thought it was worth the $53.00 per person. 2) Maczo crazy wheels, You take an ATV on tour through a small village through the forrest and on the beach. were you can swim for about a half hour. again worth the $50.00 per person (2 to a ATV) Both trips were appr. 4 hours. We talked to other people who were at other resorts in the area and were not near as happy at there hotels as we were at ours. Ask a couple of the tour guides were they thought was the best resorts and found out they said Secrets was number 1 with the Melia Caribe second and the Barcelo Barvaro Palace third. We plan to return next year for sure. GREAT TRIP!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rahrahboyd
<Content>Great times for all!!! I just arrived home from Punta Cana on April 3rd. I spent one week at the Melia Caribe Tropical with my entire family and a friend. There were 10 of us in total and each of us had the time of our lives. The rooms were beautiful, clean, and large. The resort was gorgeous, filled with lush plants and wildlife. The staff were very friendly. I could not get over the endless smiles and help we recieved when needed. My parents have stayed at numerous 5 star resorts and felt that this resort was their favorite thus far. They have even stayed at the Barcelo Palace down the beach and enjoyed the Melia much more. The food was excellent with an endless selection of restaurants. Make sure you try the pizza at lunch (excellent). The staff loved children and took the time to make sure my two neices were well looked after. At one of the restaurants my 2 year old neice did not eat anything on the menu so one of the staff ran to another restaurant to get her pasta. Golfing was excellent as well. The course is gorgeos and challenging. Everyone my family and I spoke to were enjoying themselves. The only complaint we heard was from a man who was disappointed with the food and wanted things like sloppy joes and donairs. If you want plain food like that then stay at home because at the Melia they served everything from burgers and fries to Cariibean Lobster tails and authentic Mexican food. The fruit was great. There is not a thing I could complain about. I found the night life to be just fine. My family and I found lounges to hang out at, went to the casino a couple of times, and went to the Fun Pub a couple of times. We made our own fun! I would highly recommend this place. When my family and I parted yesterday we actually cried because we did not want the trip to end and did not want to say good-bye to each other, the hot weather, and lush vegetation. Enjoy!!!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vedaze
<Content>Complain Complain.... I just came back on March 30th and have to comment on how bizarre it is that people complain so much about the dumbest things and write a 6 page review on it. The weather is beautiful, the hotel is beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. The beach is gorgeous!! How can you complain, it was like paradise! There were no flying things or roaches, bugs or birds in the food. ???I am 26 and do agree nightlife could be a little better but I enjoyed myself just laying in the sun all day drinking and eating and doing a little shopping! The people are SO nice, they work their butt off behind the bars without TIPS! We tipped because I just can't stand seeing that.....the worst were the drunk middle-aged people that were so loud and obnoxious and thought these folks were their personal slaves. They order a dozen drinks at a time - without tipping, cheap a****. There's some communication barriers, but what do you expect, there's people from like 8 different countries vacationing there, so they can't speak every language.....if you want people that speak fluent English, stay in the US, or go to England.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty is not enough My husband and I stayed at the Melia from March 17-24. We were disappointed with this place and will not be going back. As everyone agrees, this place is beautiful; however, they have a very long way to go before they can become a true five star resort. Before I outline our experiences, I will say that we spoke with a number of people there and they thought the place was wonderful. There were also a lot of people (like us) who were not so dazzled by the scenery that they could not see all the ways that this resort needs improvement. We had read the previous reviews so we knew not to trust them with our bags. My husbands co-worker (who coincidentaly was vacationing there with us) let them take their bags and one of his daughter's bags was misplaced for hours (her medicine was in there). Check in was long but we did not have to wait because I had joined their MAS program so that went smoothy. After checking in (we were told about the safe) we carried our own bags to our room on the bus. We stayed in room number 2415 which is directly across from the Turrey Grill and near the beach and pool. The pool is very large and pretty. Our room was ok with a decent sized balcony BUT, it had a very strong mildew smell, I couldn't even sleep the first night and had to keep spraying the sheets and room with my body spray the entire time we were there. Granted, some days the smell was stronger than others. This place is not terrible and my husband and I made the best of this vacation but these are the reasons we say this resort can improve. There is a lack of communication and this is not attributed to a language barrier, this is the result of poor management on the part of the hotel. For example we weren't told that some of the restaurants alternate opening. We did not get a list of the schedule until several days into our trip. The schedule also left off the very important fact that the Gondola restaurant opens late for snacks (unitl 3am), surely this is something people shold know early on? Also, many peoplelocated in the spa. At no time, did I ever see anything that would tell me what activities were taking place and when (other than the nightly shows, which one time had incorrect information as to where it would be). For example, I never knew that they had bingo each night beofre the show until I just happened to get there early one night and the host mentioned it. I also could not figure out when they were doing the Merengue lessons. The resort is very big and the lobby is out of the way so guests should be given this type of information early on. My husband and I were not impressed at all with the food. I will acknowledge that living in NY, we have access to authentic food from around the world so we know what is good and what is not. We have also traveled enough and eaten enough buffett food to distinguish between good and so so. At the Turrey, the buffetts were ok, nothing more. I had a decent enough time picking out the better dishes, for example, spanish people really know how to cook Pork, stews and chicken so this was a safe bet. The thing that disturbed us most in the grill were the fact that birds were everywhere. They were even swooping down and taking food off people's place. I saw one that was perched on a bowl of fruit salad at the dessert table happily eating the food then hopping to the nearby cake, nibbling there then back to the fruit. Cute but not sanitary. Of even bigger concern was FLIES, the food was not covered and flies were incessant. My husband and I do not find this type of thing appetizing. We have eaten in open air restaurants in a few different places and never saw this problem. Also, one of the waitresses dropped a coffee cup and no one ever cleanced up the shards from the floor. There were children there without shoes on and they could have gotten hurt. We met people who raved about the a la carte restaurants but for us this food was not good (except for the Japanese restaurat Hokkaido). The spanish buffet Alahambre was better than the rest with a tasty seafood paella. The a lhich does not change. The staff is friendly and smiling yes, but is it really reasonable to wait 25 minutes for a soda in a half empty place? We did not think so. We were told that the bbq at the grill Agora was excellent witht heir t-bones steaks but alas we can not say because we were told that they had run out. We were also told that the chinese restaurant consistenetly ran out of shrimp. This is poor planning, especially since we were told that the restaurants were closed some nights because the resort was not full. This says to me that this place is not dedicated to service but instead is more interested in saving a buck (yours). When you make your trip and see the size of the place you will understand why they need to hire way more staff. There unwillingness to do so is no doubt why room service is not available and there is no service on the beach for drinks or at poolside. I do not feel this is an unreasonable expectation considering we have gotten this service in many different places. The resort is huge and at night very dark, people have gotten lost trying to find their way around and there really isn't anyone to ask. OH! we saw shot gun toting security all around one night and when we asked why, we were told that the beaches are open and they are tyring to keep people off the property. I almost wish I didn't know since this made me very uneasy. The other thing is, we only saw that the one night. I couldn't figure it out. I also saw a number of roaches during my stay, not the huge, flying tropical kind as one would expect,(which I did see one that sent me diving on the bed) no, these were the average run of the mill, nasty house roach. I also happened to see one headed straight for the food in the Gondola restaurant. The man behind the counter knocked it off just in time. We also saw mice inside the lobby (field mice) and flying things that looked very much like bats that sent many people ducking at night. The shows at night leave a LOT to be desired though you can tell that they are trying. One show as the staff standing in a circle squirting water from their mouths onto each other in an attempt to simulate a fountain. The lobbies are very subdued, they felt dead. The poor teenagers there were besides themselves with boredom (as were we). The fun pub was lively and we spent some time there but we have been other places where there was an option to participate in things or just hang out in a lively atmosphere in the lobby. My husband and I hung out in the lobby one night playing rummy, we forgot our pen in the room and my husband was told there was no pen. He tried the bar, the casino, all the waitresses and the front desk. They all told him they didn't have a pen for him. I marched up to the front desk and told them there was no way they couldn't have a pen and they gave me one. So, as this is long enough, we believe that the Melia is far from a five star resort and they have a long way to go in understanding that hotels are a service industry. The grounds are lush and beautiful and the beaces and pool very nice. The bathroom flower arrangements are a nice touch but they would be better if ants didn't swarm around them. There is a LOT of attention paid to the landscape and the people are sort of forgotten about. It is very nice that the people are always smiling at you but if you're seated at the dinner table you would prefer that one of the people that pass you by smiling would stop and take your order. There were people who really said good things about this place (they were mostly older, 50's-60's) and there were a lot who were unhappy with things. My husband and I are easy going not hard to please people looking at 40 and we were extremely bored. If you are a person who really knows what good food is make sure to go off the property to Captain Cooks. They have fresh lobster, shrimp and fish that you pick yourself. They grill it and it is delicious, all for around $40-$50. Just remember, this is your vacation and you have to get the most out of it. I believe people here who have written reviews and believe forgotten that you have paid for this. When you go all inclusive you can lose track of the fact that you have PAID for everything and it is not free so you have a right to have some of your basic expectations met. That said, enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best our stay at the melia caribe was fantastic,we stayed 2 weeks and it was the best 2 weeks of our lives.the pools and ground were breath taking not to menchen the service.16 of us went for our wedding the wedding was like a farry tail every thing from horse and carrige to ceramoney to treio band. one night we all took a horse back ride on the beach at sunset it was a blast .do take the day journeys and take in all the sites . the best Tracy Sleva  
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Are you ready to relax in paradise? This is rather lengthy......After reading many reviews and spending hours on line checking out several resorts, we decided that the Melia Craibe was the place for us. My sister has traveled several times before and read between the lines on the bad reviews. She told me that the Dominican people are a relaxed people that are not always in a hurry like us Americans and that the people that were unhappy with the service were probably the type of people that can NOT slow down and enjoy life and they are never happy with any service. Boy, was she right!I will start with the basics. We did not get there till about 10:30 at night and check in was a breeze. Our baggage was delivered to our rooms within 15 minutes of our getting to our rooms. The bell hops were careful with our luggage and very respectful. The room was nice and clean and cool. The was always plenty of soda and water in the fridge and the maid service was great. The beach is absolutley gorgeous and the water was awesome. There was a little seaweed, but hey, it is the ocean. There was always plenty of privacy even with a lot of people there. It was amazing how quiet and peaceful a busy beach can be. There were wind-sails, peddle boats and other water sports that were free with the package The main pool was breathtaking. It was well kept and the water was always crystal clear. It had nooks and crannys everywhere and again it was amazing how quiet it could be with the number of people that were there. The Cabana's were THE BEST. My sister or her husband would run down early every morning to put some stuff in one so that we could have it for the day! I owe her big time for that as there was no better way to end the day than a nap in the the cabana beds. The pool side massage was great. I paid $25 for a 1/2 hour of heaven. There is nothing to say that can describe the beauty of the grounds. I did not take enough pictures so I will have to go back next year!The dinner restaurants were okay. I would not say excellant, but we did not try them all. If you like BBQ ribs go to the BBQ Grill on the Tropical side. They melted off the bone! We had to wait a few minutes, but in what good restaurant do you 'Not have to wait some times?We ate breakfast and lunch in the Grill Turey next to the beach every day. The first day I walked in there was champagne and OJ for you to make you own Mimosa's and a bottle of Absolute for Bloody Mary's. You can have eggs cooked to order in front of you or anything else your heart desires. Lunch is the same. You can have sandwich's grilled to order or a burger and fries or many of the other choices. Just read the cards to see what you are eating! Now I read alot of complaints about the cheap alcohol. Not once did I have a drink that was not top shelf. It is no different than any bar. If you do not order top shelf, you do not get top shelf! The Absolute and Lemonades were the best! About the service........not once was I unhappy. We left a dollar or two with some chocolates every day for the maid, not because we had to but because we wanted to. The average Dominican makes less than $4000 per year (for a lot of hours) and $1 goes a long way. Besides, although it is all-inclusive we all know that it is the big people that make the bucks, while the hard workers get the short end of the stick. Both couples took $50 in $1 dollar bills and enjoyed tipping for the excellant service we received EVERYWHERE. They all speak some English and it was fun rather than frustrating to get what you wanted across. I remember meeting the maid downstairs and asking for some toilet paper and she held up a towel! Was I mad, heck no! It was my fault she did not know what I wanted, not hers and I got what I needed in the end! The day before check out we asked how much notice we should give the bell hops and we were told 45 minutes. They arrived in 15! Our bags were tucked safley away and check out took 5 minutes. We kept our towel cards for the day as we were leaving late and turned them in that night with no problems. They have a complimentary shower room, which we did not use, but there were only a couple of people waiting. We heard some people say the opted for late check out. It cost $10 and hour and they cannot guarantee it till the day you leave and then you move to another room. Make sure you get a safe key upon check in to put your valuables in, although one day my sister left the key in it and the door open. Everything was untouched! There were many excursions available but we opted to just be on vacation and do nothing. Now I am a very wound up person. I am management in a very busy company and enjoy the fast pace of my job. I was looking to shut off the world and unwind. If you are looking for some RR without doing all the touristy stuff, you enjoy sunshine, beautiful beaches, perfectly landscaped grounds, not doing anything, than this is the place to go! My sister made one comment to me that really sunk in. Wow, you ARE really on vacation. I was worried you would not be able to let go of it all, but you are really relaxed! Hopefully, I can keep some of their culture in my life by slowing down some and enjoying life. So thank you Fernando, Bernado, Eduardo, Carlos, German and Licenzo and all the others (especially my sister for talking me into going) for the vacation of a lifetime! I will go back!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Trip! We had a great trip to Punta Cana. The Melia Caribe Tropical was a wonderful hotel. The staff was so nice and did everything to make our stay enjoyable. I was really worried about the food, but it was really good...except for the hamburgers and hot dogs..they were a little different than traditional American food. You have to try the Japanese restaurant...it was very good.The only rudeness we encountered was from other tourists that were rude to the staff when the staff didn't speak perfect English. The staff was very impressive with most members speaking several languages fluently. The grounds to the hotel were absolutely beautiful as were the beaches. We would highly recommend the Crazy Wheels four-wheeler tour. You get to leave the resort and see the town where the locals live and you go to the most beautiful beach I have ever seen....Playa Macao. It was well worth it. The Kontiki boat trip was also a very fun experience even though the snorkeling wasn't great. The party of the boat more than made up for that.This was the best trip we have ever taken and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If You Have Major Complaints You Need Help! We spent a lot of time reading all the reviews before we left. The grounds are suburb, the rooms nice and typical of Melia product. We have stayed at 3 other Melia Resorts. With the golf added and getting to almost every resturuant and the number of choices you had.....give me a break....for what you are paying there is nothing to complain about...bone up on your Spanish or at least try to get the normal phrases down....this is their country not yours. The entertainment could be a little fine tuned but your not paying $500 a night to stay there. I agree with a most recent review that I read, the people that make the Melia sound bad are the people that will never be happy no matter what they get and what they do...go and enjoy......My wife loves Champagne and what readily available from breakfast mamosas to bedtime. Salute...  
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank goodness for the pool bar Our problems started upon check in - All was fine at the desk but when we went to the room the keys didn't work - after getting someone to let us in - there sat our luggage in the middle of a trashed room - we had to walk with luggage back to the lobby (BE PREPARED TO WALK ALOT) This was at 5 p.m. - After explaining the room situation we reguested another room which we did get. A-OK - now things started adding up - no remote for TV delivered - towels were shorted on two days - and the night before we were to leave we were again locked out of our room - another walk to lobby - reprogrammed keys - back to room - next day we left - food - poor quality - beach is beautiful as is the pool and the grounds but major language barrier - poor service and no one seems to care - they just smile alot - for a five star resort it was very disappointing - Southeast airlines was arrival and it was very poor - USA 3000 was return and it was excellent - obviously we do not plan to return  
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyDekker
<Content>Fantastic Time We enjoyed our vacation at the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort immensely. The facility is very clean, even the beach washrooms were spotless and always decorated with fresh flowers. The choice and variety of food was very good with the sole exception of Le Gourmet restaurant where the food quality was well below expectations. After talking to other guests at the resort we discovered that all who had dined there agreed. The staff is friendly and very accomodating. It does sometimes take some patience to explain what it is that you are asking or want. If I have a criticism it is that Sunquest provides absolutley no information on arrival and you have to fend for yourself (asking questions, walking around and exploring) until the next day when the orientation takes place. So next time we will book directly and arrange for our own flights. We will definitely return to Melia Caribe Tropical!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for We just returned today and our experience was okay. Most of our problems related to service and the lack of communication. We booked our trip thru our local travel agent and she highly recommended APPLE Tours. I would avoid using them in the future, their level of service was horrific! We booked one room with a king sized bed which should have been adjoined to another room to accommodate 3 teens, we never got this and we were told to continue to request this everyday and maybe we would get Lucky. The food at the buffet was below our standards and I would make my choices very carefully. The full service restaurants were okay, the Japanese one was our favorite. Be prepared to do ALOT of walking, the size of the resort is huge and everything is spread out! Our last day was an absolute nightmare! Our flight was scheduled for 11:55 am departure it was NEVER delayed we arrived at the airport around 10:00 am and sat there until 4:30pm !!!! No one at the airport could assist us, we could not find an APPLE REP on site! Then it was announced that our flight had been canceled, we had to get our luggage and be transported to another resort for 5 more hours, they then assigned us all rooms only to be told an hour later that our flight had been rescheduled for 9:30 pm! We landed in Hartford at 1:00 am!!! It was a truely exhausting experience.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best two week all inclusive vacation ever! We spent 12 days at the Melia Caribe from Feb. 23 to March 6 and would recommend this resort to everyone we know! It is one of most beautiful places in the Carribean (we've been EVERY where)and for the money, the best deal on an all inclusive vacation since Mexico.Upon arrival, we were told our room was ready in building 34 but tried to change to a room closer to the pool and was told that the hotel was completely booked. No problem. it was a three minute walk to the pool and tram. However, we did get moved after a few nights to number 25 which was right next to the swim up bar and was much more convenient. The front desk staff member Ramon (very nice) had us speak to manager Danielo who was so wonderful, he took care of everything and we even asked him to help us locate an iron when none were available (they are always out of working irons so request one on your FIRST day!)It was interesting being there almost two weeks, some times the hotel and restaurants were PACKED and other times it was completely open. The weekends are when most people come and go so Saturday and Sunday at the pool was very quiet.When you check in you have to ASK to get your room safe activated, they forget to tell you! Also, you have to request a map in English. They should just provide them at check in but they don't.The weather was fantastic! It rained for ten minutes late one night and a week later it rained for ten minutes early in the morning. We did get some misquito bites on our legs so bring some OFF!It was very comfortable some days but others were scorchers! Wear a 30 - 50 to start and reapply often! Humidity is not good for my hair, so I wore it pulled back and if you want to get braided, you will get a better deal on the beach than at the hotel.We ate at A LA Carte restaurants EVERY SINGLE DAY and had lobster at least six times! The french and seafood restaurants were excellent as well as the Italain, Japenese and Le Gorment (Here's a tip, order the tuna steak RARE menos hechos and it will come perfect since they tend to overcook much of the seafood a bit) out of this world!Yes, sometimes you will wait for the A La Carte but if you go before seven, you will almost always be seated within fifteen minutes! ALso, most people don't know that you can make a reservation at Ma Maison, Capri (seafood) and Le Gormet on the same day, they will take your name down at five o'clock and when you show up at seven-thirty or eight, you will only wait five to ten minutes. Put your name on the list and get a drink while you wait, because the service in the restaurants can be a bit slow.Say hello to the best bartender in the world Nicholas at the Caribe Lobby bar! And ALWAYS order call brands like Absolute, Stoli, Jim Beam and Bacardi. Gentlemen, you do have to wear long pants for the A la Carte and the Casino, so don't even bring many shorts, you spend the whole day in your swim suit then change for dinner! However, the air conditioning is VERY good, almost too cool so you will be quite comfortable. Same for the ladies, bring two to three swimsuits because more than likely, they will not dry in your room over night.Bring cover ups for lunchtime, and nice clothes for dinner. We don't like buffet food, so we NEVER ate at any of those restaurants for dinner, although we heard the Mexican was very good. You can request any drink from your waiter including Champage but they are always walking around with wine and the blanco white is very good. Also, they have espresso and cappacino if you'd like some with dessert. Always order dessert, even if you don't think you'll want it because some entree portions are a little smaller. Same for appetizers and soups and salads, get it all, if you don't like it, wait for the next course!The escargot in Ma Maison is fantastic!We met people who were told they could only eat at a la carte once, NOT TRUE!!! They take your room number so how could they possibly keep track of how many times you ate there? They were young girls and they were only there five days but I wish I had met them on the first day so I could have told them that! They waited to eat there on their last day so it's too bad they never asked anyone. You will have to get up early and wait in line for Japenese but it was very good, best steak in the resort (tenderloin filet) and I recommend getting in line at 8:00 a.m. MAKE a reservation for FOUR even if there's only two of you, then invite someone who hasn't been there yet! You have to eat with strangers any way so why not choose who you sit next to?Before traveling, I visited the Library and checked out a small pocket size Spanish dictionary and phrasebook. VERY helpful. I left a tip in the room every day of one or two dollars with small gifts we purchased from the dollar store or a few chocolates. They love it! I also left a note thanking the maid la comerista and wrote her with any requests (in Spanish, of course) or complimented the flowers. I even folded the dollars into origami and when we returned to the room, our maid (in the first building) who always left flowers began leaving different shapes of doves and birds in the bathroom and on the pillows with beautiful and charming arrangements!They maid in the second building (25) was a man and he only leaves flowers the first day, regardless if you tip or not. Before we left home, I went to the bank and got about 70 singles and 10 fives for tipping. It isn't required but they really appreciated it, even just a dollar to a waiter means a lot! bucks (including 3 t-shirts) not bad!If you learn the basic words in Spanish, you can get ANY thing you want. When you go to the Turey grill, there is a manager, Zamora who is the nicest man, he actually made us sandwiches to go at 11:00 am on our last day because we would be traveling for many hours before our next meal. All the staff is polite and helpful, if they can be, sometimes they may not understand but if you are patient with them, they will find some one else to help you if they don't get it.When you are approached by the time share people (BLUE shirts) just tell them you already talked to another one of them and they'll leave you alone. They usually jump on you when you first arrive because they see your street clothes. Tell them you are in bld 23 (TIME share) your family already bought one there - they really don't bother you after they see you around the first couple of days.The photographer (Joaquin) is VERY nice, and sometimes he brings parrots on the beach or near the pool to take your picture. The kids LOVE it! He also goes to the A LA Carte restaurants some evenings and takes really nice photos which are a great souvenir!There is a maid named Angela who cleans all the bathrooms by the pool and in the lobby on the Caribe side who is so talented with her floral arrangements, and she is so sweet and always smiling! I gave her a gift on our last day and she tracked me down and gave me a gift in return later in the day! The massage near the beach was excellent, only 40 dollars an hour (talk with Cristian) and the ladies really know what they're doing HOWEVER tell them not to massage your chi-chi's (breasts) ahead of time or you may be a bit taken aback as I was. Just a bit uncomfortable for a few seconds, nothing bad just unexpected and not necessary. Don't buy ANY thing at the gift shop unless you ablsolutely have to- it's a rip off and the exchage is terrible! We bought all our souvenirs at booth #3 from Johnny be good on the beach. He had the cutest Dalmation puppy (who bites!) and he sold us T-shirts for 8 bucks a piece and a sarong was 5 bucks. Don't pay more than $50 for a box of cigars either, trust me. They will tell you a high price first but you can negotiate them down to your price every time. I bought 15 souvenirs for about 70 The activity staff always has somthing going on, there's pool aerobics every day (say HI to Melvin!)there's beach volleyball, water polo, mixology, dance lessons, and many other activities going on all day long! Pick up a flier at the towel hut so you can plan on joining in.We took two excursions, the Kon Tiki (booze cruise) and Bavaro Splash. We thought we were going snorkeling on the first tour but instead the boat parked right in front of our beach for two and a half hours! What a waste of $110, don't buy that one.Bavaro Splash was FANTASTIC! I had never driven a speed boat and I had such a blast, the snorkeling is absolutely wonderful and our dive leader Rudy took our camera underwater and took pictures of us and all the coral down below. We gave him a tip on the side because they are supposed to share, and bring an extra ten dollars for the bottle of rum with your picture on in, Great Souvenir! They have a great lost and found, my husband lost his sandals and got them back very easily near the front desk. WILLIAM is very nice, speaks PERFECT English and is a management staff member who will always help!Beware of the topless beach, many French and German grandmas sunbathing, not suitable for small or adolecent boys. There were also some at the pool on our last day and I don't think it's allowed there, but we were on the caribe side and the Tropical side is geared more for children.We didn't see many of the stage shows, but this is not a big place for night life. Mostly families and couples, not many singles.The Dominican people were all very nice, if you smile and say Hola you will always get a smile back. They work very hard and the only people who had a bad vacation were the ones who were impatient, rude, demanding or (sadly) using fowl language. If they make a mistake (and they will) just ask them nicely to correct it, or to find someone who can. Remember, this is your vacation. Slow down, enjoy life, and what you put in to it is what you will get back!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back It was our first visit to this area, it couldn't have better. Weather was fantastic, food great, service was good. Had read previous comments and tipped the maid the first day, we had flowers in our room everyday, well worth the money. We have travelled to Mexico for 14 years and will never go back, this place was a piece of heaven and no spring breakers. Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Heaven I went to the Melia Caribe Tropical  we were blown away. Before we booked the Honeymoon, we read alot of reviews, so we weren't sure what to expect. O.K. here goes.............We arrived at the Hotel at 2:30 pm  they said our room was not ready, it would be 1/2 hour, so we went  had a drink at the bar!! We went back 45 minutes later  the room was still not ready, so they gave us a different room. We took the tram to the room  the only bad thing was we had to wait about an hour for the luggage to arrive.(so, pack shorts  bathing suits in your carry on)Restaurants= The 1st day we went to the Turey Grill  it was great. Both grills were great for breakfeast  lunch. We tried the French Ma Masion  Le Gourmet  we had to be dressed for these two. The food was great, we had filet Mignon at the French  Lamb Chops  Salmon at Le Gourmet.............it make my mouth water just thinking of it!!!! The rest of the nites we went to, Mexican....which was great, Italian........I gave it 2 thumbs down, Spanish were great. The only restaurants we didn't try was the Japanese because reservations had to be made at 8:30 am  the chineses food. Service= The bartenders were very friendly(you have to try the Miami Vice w/ a little rum). The room service was alittle slow, but flowers  towels were changer everyday. We signed up for the Melia tour  they try to sell you vacation packages. We didn't sign up for it. Mr. Santos was the person that signed us up for the tour  he was the friendliest person, every word was family, my new friends  when he found out we didn't sign up, he gave us the cold shoulder!!! Oh, Checking out can be long, so if the tell you to be at the lobby at 11:30, try to get there early. Pool  Beach= The pool was great, we would swim to the pool bar get drinks  just relax. The beach is beautiful, you can absoulutly get bargins for gifts at the beach. Just Keep on talking them down, eventually they give in. Louis, ie the best!!! Excursions= We went on the Bavaro Splash, it was a 3 hr excursion. You get to drive a speed boat  then snorkel for about an hour. Our Captain for snorkeling was Danny Devito, he was so small he swam into the corel  swam out!!! The whole trip was great!! Next we tried the ATV which is a 4 hour trip. You drive your own ATV, (2) to a bike. you drive through the town  along the beach. They stop at Macao Beach  there (bring alittle money  wear sneakers) a man sells you a cocunut fresh off the tree, he charges $5.00. Then they take you on a small dirt road around the beach  then they let you stop to take a swim. Hands down Macao Beach is a little piece of heaven. You swim for 1/2 hr  then on the road again  you stop for a snack. Then it's back to reality!!! Oh, the whole trip is being video taped  they take (1) picture. The video is $35.00  picture is $5.00. We bought the picture. The video is 45 minutes of your trip  then an hour tour of the island w/o you in it. Both excursions, we got back around 5:00  still had time to take a dip in the pool.All in all we had a great Honeymoon. We didn't but the MAS card  we got great service. We recommend the Melia to everybody!!! A little spanish really does go a long way, so practice on the basics!! Oh, and by the way we never saw misquitos at the hotel or on the excursions!!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dad says Never Coming Back I'm posting this message at my dad's request. My parents are on day 2 of their 7 day stay and they are miserable. The service is absolutely the worst they have encountered anywhere. They will never recommend this place to anyone. They were happier coping with the never-ending Pennsylvania winter.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you don't love it, you're never going to be happy I returned from my stay here a couple of weeks ago and continue to wish I was still there. The beach is beautiful, the food was good, the accomodations are all first class. As for other complaints I've read here about the service, I found the men and women all to be courteous and a whole lot of fun. While they do move at a little slower pace than we're accustomed to here, I also was working at a slower pace which is why I went there in the first place. While I wouldn't stray off of the resort and go sight seeing, the resort offers so much that I never felt a need to go anywhere, other than to go play a few rounds of golf. The complaints I've seen here seem to be from people that are always going to find something to complain about and, for the money, this is the best deal going. As soon as you get on to the resort, you come to realize that there is such a thing as paradise.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frozeninwisconsin
<Content>Take Me Away Soon!!!! This place was AWSOME!! We are planning on going back next year. The food and drinks and service was excellent.It was very beautiful and clean. Leaving from Wisconsin with below zero temps and arriving in sunny and 80's everyday was a dream come true!!!! But....look out for the 151 rum!!!!!! It sneaks up on you BIG TIME!!!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Mixed Melia" We just returned from the Melia Caribe two days ago and I wanted to write this review while our experience was fresh in my mind (sorry if it is too long). When we landed in the Punta Cana airport, we really thought it was amazing that an airport could be constructed of bamboo and a thatched roof. As soon as you get off the plane, you are greeted by a photographer and two native women for an arrival picture. Then you pay a $10 arrival fee per person at the counter before immigration and then it seems as though they couldn't care less at immigration and you whiz through and collect your baggage and go. When we arrived at the Melia, the entrance was huge with alot of lush gardens. At check-in, we went to the MAS desk (since we applied for a MAS number on the Sol Melia site in case this had any benefit). Basically, the only perk to using the MAS desk was that there were no lines to wait in (even though at the time we arrived, there were no lines in the normal check-in area either) and we got a welcome fruity cocktail. Our first glimpse of the less than extraordinary service kicked-in immediately. We wanted to use the electronic room safe (cost of $2/day), which basically is just added to your room key. We had to go back to the 'normal' check-in desk to have this done, since the MAS reception desk couldn't even do this for us. When reception tried to add the safe to our key, they said that we did not have the correct room number. Well, excuse us, but the MAS desk just gave it to us two seconds ago! Anyway, it turned out that the MAS desk wrote in the incorrect room number on our paperwork and we would soon find out that a similar error in room numbers would be an issue for my sister and boyfriend, as well who accompanied us on our trip. Basically, because the MAS desk wrote their room number incorrectly, they didn't see their luggage for several hours and my sister had to call the front desk a few times before they realized they delivered their luggage to the wrong room (one that was emptyckly once we headed out to our rooms for the first time. Before we could catch the bus to our rooms, we were greeted by some hotel employees asking us to attend some VIP breakfast and take 70 minutes of our time to discuss the Sol Melia discount program. Whatever! We did not want to waste our time on this, but for a second, we felt a little pushed by the hotel staff until we finally said 'no, thank you'. Again, no big deal, but I was a little afraid that we would be bothered many times during the trip, but we were only approached one other time while grabbing breakfast. Anyway, the grounds of this hotel are truly breathtaking as we made our way to our room to change (no problem getting our rooms immediately after check-in, but we arrived after 4 p.m.). The room was also very nice and clean with a large marble bathroom, bed, sitting area and a fridge stocked with bottled water and sodas and fresh flowers in the room. It is true that if you tip your maid and give her chocolates, that you will be treated well. We gave her only $1/day and candy everyday and found extra waters and flowers in the room each day. It is also true in general that if you speak spanish (even a little), that you will do better than most in the service department. The pool was probably the best pool I have ever seen, and I have personally travelled to many destinations. It was pure paradise sitting at that huge pool with swim-up bar - very relaxing. The beach was also very nice and we had fun sailing and using the paddle boat. For the pool bar (and lobby bar), sometimes it was difficult getting the bartenders' attention and there was really no rhyme or reason for how they selected their next customer, but we stayed relaxed and patient as best as possible. We always asked for non-local liquor (Bacardi, Absolut) for our drinks and we were satisfied. OK, now for the food. Breakfast at the Turey Grill was probably the best meal of the day. Lunch at the grill was more of a challenge, but you could ultimately find something that youhave preferred to eat Burger King everyday for some of the dinners we experienced. The Japanese restaurant, for which I had to stand in line for 45 minutes that morning to make a reservation, was mediocre. The Mexican was also mediocre. The Italian was downright awful! As the days progressed, if it weren't for filling up on frozen mudslides, we may have actually lost weight on this trip! :) We did do some activites during the day such as horseback riding on the beach and walking down the beach to haggle with the vendors, but at night, really not much to do, unless you want to suffer through their evening shows which resemble really bad grade school talent shows. Also, the casino is a little room with not much excitement to it. All in all, we ultimately got what we were looking for out of this trip - nice weather and relaxation. I would probably go back to Punta Cana one day and maybe try another property just to compare, but I would more than likely pick a different destination in the Carribbean for better quality service and food. Those things really do make a difference, no matter where in the world you are from! Bottom line - the Melia Caribe would surely be a goldmine if they improved in quality of service and cuisine!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A disappointing holiday Terrible, terrible, terrible! Beautiful grounds, nice rooms. Nice pools and beautiful beach. Poor quality food. NO CUSTOMER SERVICE!There were twenty-three in our family group. Each of us had various complaints. When travelling through this very huge property, we ran into other guests everywhere who were also complaining. Everyone in our group and plenty of others we met while there experienced stomach problems....pain, dihorrea, nausea, etc. Management couldn't care less about complaints, one manager telling us that they are overbooked all the time and people will keep coming anyway so why should he worry. Terrible.......another Sunquest/Alba Tours disappointment for us.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Haven from freezing in east My husband and I had a wonderful time from the moment we descended our flight from JFK but I do have to address certain issues. Staff was courteous and attentive to the extent they understood. Our upstairs room near Turey and pool/beach great. Enjoyed breakfasts and lunch at Turey and found beach and sand wonderfully relaxing. I did email ahead to inquire if bathrobes were provided and was told they would be. Alas, they were not and a little bird whispered to me that they were reserved for VIP's. Drink variety (from champagne for breakast onwards) a delight. Wait for dinner at upscale restaurants at least 45-1 hr. Worst restaurant was Pagoda were spring roll and main courses were almost uneatable. Missed room service but I recognize the impossibility of providing guests with such a service. The resort's ground are magnificent and the mere technicality of running this enterprise is a recommendation. Until something better comes along, I'll shall return.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware ! Beware ! Beware ! The hotel grounds are beautifully landscaped and manicured. The beach is wonderful and the rooms are of nice size. BUT.. There is absolutely NO service of any kind at this resort. The staff speaks minimal English. The problems started when we checked into the hotel. I was given a room that was still occupied. I opened the door with my key and found someone sleeping in the bed. After finally getting a room, I find out that you are supposed to pick up the remote control at the checkin counter (and this is a 4 star hotel) which the checkin person never mentioned. The resort boasts about the 8 + restaurants that they have. It is almost impossible to get into any of the restaurants. Every time you attempt to make a reservation, they say that the reservation system is down. We were finally able to get into 1 restaurant on the last day, after casuing a big scene. Once inside the restaurant the food was good. All other times we had to eat at the buffett where the food is OK. Beware of the vendors by the pool some of them are dishonest. My 10 year old daughter purchased a temporary tatto. She handed the woman $50. The woman refused to give her back the change claiming she didn't give her 50 dollars. My daughter than returned to the pool and told my wife and myself what happened. After another big scene, the woman produced the 50 dollar bill and gave us the change. At this hotel you can complain until you are blue in the face and no one cares. It seems that people who can speak Spanish get slightly better service. Needless to say we will never stay at a Melia Caribe resort again.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever!! Well, Where do I start?....First...Let me say that I am a Flag waving American and have never been out of the US...First Mistake...My first thought as I saw the airoprt was oh god!...But...Boy was I wrong...Being Greeted by those smiling faces..Then when I saw the resort..oh God! I thought I died and went to heaven. We read the other posts and signed up for a MAS account..We checked in in about 2 min. Then went to look for our room, the resort is so vast..no problamo..the staff was there to point us in the right direction. The room was perfect..Really..come on are you there for the room? or the attraction(beach)? We just went a wandering the first night..The rest got better..This place is like Disney World you need a week or longer to see it all..Granted there are no rides unless you think that the tram is one...Guess what? that is just another way to get to the beach...I live in Florida and I have most of the plants that they have there in my yard..But I have to tell you I have seen men picking the grass one by one out around the trees...I Don't have that patience!! But back to the Resort...We tried many of the Restuarants and I can tell you as a Chef they are better then most of us have eaten..Now come on..we all have had to wait at a great Dinner club, well these were worth the wait! Capri was the Best! They just spoiled us...at the end of our dinner brought us a Flaming Sambuca without being asked! When has that happened in the states without a hand sticking out for a TIP!!! I didn't see one...Now onto the night life..Well New York it is not, but I think it is always what you make of it...But you need to go to the Fun Pub..it was a Blast...Go see Carlos...My New Friend! They not only mixed the music with what we might like but gave it a latin flavor too.. Oh and the Merangue contest is to laugh your butt off.. Well there are others too..the Lobby bar the staff unbelivable...Santos,Carla,Juan Pablo ,Hamie, Josephina, Felix to go on and on we all had a blast cantar y ballar...Then off t me tell you.. the water, the view...just well post cards don't say it all..we went down the beach to the Ranch just north of the resort and went horse back riding..$20us for an hour-- well worth it..got to ride way back and then down the beach..Beautifull..Let me tell you all if you don't have a good time here then you are putting too much into what you want and not what you can get out of your Vacation..Believe me it has really opened my eyes and the people alway greet you with a Hola and that goes along way..I could go on and on...We plan on going back and this time bringing our kids...haha maybe not ..You make the choice I did and it was the BEST!!!!Donna and Steve Florida USA  
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing We spent our honeymoon (Jan. 19-26, 2003) at the Melia Caribe. My wife picked the resort, and I could not have been more pleased! Having read many of the other reviews on this page, I will say this: a small gratuity here and there makes all the difference in the world, even at an all-inclusive. Consider this: The average Dominican earns roughly $4,000 (U.S.) per year. Leaving a $2.50 tip for our chambermaid each day proved worthwhile. Our room was spotless, fresh flowers were added daily and the mini-bar remained well-stocked. The grounds were amazing. While the food was nothing spectacular, there was outstanding variety to choose from. I highly recommend insulated beverage containers for lounging by the pool. The staff was polite and cordial. We especially enjoyed an off-resort trip to Santo Domingo that gave us a lot of insight about the native culture. The beaches were raked daily and pristine. It takes a while to learn your way around the paradise-style resort, but regular tram service makes all the difference in the world. The resort could use better signage, but its infrastructure and grounds took our breath away and made us not want to leave. I'm not sure why, but the pool is closed at 7 p.m. Still, the pool and its intimate bays were well maintained and it is the largest pool I ever saw. When we seek warm weather in January again, you'll find us happily staying at the Melia Caribe.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Mas Melia Caribe! Beautiful property, great beach, good golf course but without a doubt the worse service we have ever been exposed to. We have stayed at several Melia's and alway had a enjoyable experience. The staff was unable to express a minimum amount of concern for their guests. We were aware of guests leaving early due to the bad service and marginal food.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't leave the grounds Melia tropical the resort its self is absolutely breath taking. The lobby with its marble floors and ponds are quite beautiful ... with that said. DONOT leave the grounds my husband and I made the mistake of renting a car and trying to explore DR on our own. We were pulled over by the police and told that we made an illegal turn??? The only turn we did make had no light but ok. The cop proceeds to tell us that he'll do us the favor of taking our fine to the head quarters so we don't have to be bothered. But, if we choose to go in they may impound the car!! EXTORTION!!!!! So after $60.00 US that we gave this guy he let us go on our way. After that we turn right around rtn'd the rental and went back to the hotel. Talk about crooked law enforcement. We spent the rest of our vacation at the resort which was fine with us. Also, watch out for the people trying to force a time share on you... that is quite annoying after you tell them no you are not interested 5 times. In conclusion. It was a nice vacation but we will never go back. There are alot of other islands with the same amenities and less police corruption. PS-Bring lots of singles for tips.. Everybody has their hand out from the moment you step off the plane whether you need help or not.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Bad Service The grounds and beach of this resort are beautiful, but unfortunately the service was sub par. Although check in is at 3pm, our room wasn't ready and the hotel didn't seem to care about that and just told us to come back in an hour. We wanted to eat at the Japanes restaurant, so we called the front desk and they said we'd have to go to the restaurant ourselves in the morning to make the reservation. A friend tried to get in touch with us from home but we never received any message from the hotel. Our travel agent tried to change our room for us and told us who at the hotel she spoke to but of course that person at the hotel acted clueless. If a hotel cannot serve 1100 rooms adequately, they should hire more staff. I only recommend this resort if you will not be bothered by poor service. Once we got over it, we really enjoyed the beach and the grounds.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>danala
<Content>A few thoughts..Melia Caribe Resort Just a few thoughts on Melia Caribe: Very large resort and spread out..lots of walking! Pretty grounds Beautiful weather..it rained for about 20 min in 10 days. Pools..not bad..could have been cleaner. They need more food and beverage service nearer the beach. February break..2/13-2/24 VERY BUSY Understaffed and staff not going out of their way to help. Beaches clean and ample chairs..water is warmer than pool! Beautiful breezes. Food is ample and something for everyone. Eat early and you won't wait (6-6:30) we had children so no problem eating early and service was better than later seatings. You will wait the rest of the night. Speak up at the bar..name your poison ( Bacardi etc) otherwise you will get cheap call brands. No selection of beer. Shows were ok..something to do..In summation..the kids liked it, it was safe for them to run around. No organized kid club at Caribe side of resort. It is a good value since many other Carribean islands are twice the price. Don't think we'll go back but just because there are many more places to visit. This was definately their busiest time of year.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst vacation of my life This was the worst vacation. I had flu and food poisoning. Also, service people were driving pre-Revolutionary scooters, which were seriously polluting the facilities, all over the resort. I spend most of the vacation in my room. Most of the people in the resort had flu, it was a flu season in Dominican Republic. Also, food and alcohol was so great that people had food poisonings. This I discovered when I went to the Medical Center that was full of people. Medical Center personnel was not help at all. Service people spoke little English, very close to none. They were ridding on their pre-Revolutionary scooters back and forth. So if you went for a walk you better listen carefully and be ready to jump away when you here them coming. You would not smell the roses their, only scooters.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Garmer
<Content>A beautiful resort with some service problems I just returned home from a week at the Melia Caribe Tropical in Punta Cana (2/15/03-2/22/03). My experience was such that I need to express some thoughts to you about this property. First, let me say that this was a very beautiful resort, one of the loveliest places I have ever stayed. The groundskeepers do a magnificent job of grooming the abundant foliage and the buildings are attractive as well. The beach is just as pretty as everyone says it is. The chefs should be commended on the wonderful food they prepare, and also for the beautiful plate presentations. Next, I need to comment on the shortcomings of my stay. The staff does not seem efficient or even friendly. Service in the restaurants was slow, despite a few waiters who tried their best. The wait to be seated was very unreasonable, often at two hours in length even when we arrived before 7:00 PM and put our name on the list. The general frustration level of the guests was apparent, and although we refrained from being confrontational, we could hardly blame those who blew up at the staff. Service was lacking in two other areas as well. Our bags were never brought to our room until after waiting for four hours we went to the lobby and got them ourselves. When we started to take them, then someone came to assist us. Our traveling companions carried their own bags to their room after calling the desk four times and being told to wait 15 minutes each time they called. Our room was also sub standard for a supposedly 5 star resort. Our refrigerator did not work on arrival, but eventually was repaired. The bathroom smelled of sewage, and the tub took a half an hour to drain after each shower. The floor was dirty, as was the furniture, and the sheets weren't even tucked in. Even the mattress pad didn't stay on, and was shrunken so badly it didn't cover the mattress. We tipped our maid, the bellboys, the bartenders and the friendly and efficient waiters, but this only seemed to make a difference at the bar, where the service improved with tipping. This has never happened to us before at an all inclusive. We would like to say that we would come back to this resort and recommend it to our friends, but unless the service issues are addressed, we won't be doing that. The property could be among the best in the Caribbean, but not without some serious changes in management's approach. I was sick of waiting in long lines for towels that were coming in 40 minutes, or waiting at 8:30 AM to get reservations for the Japanese restaurant, only to be told it was full for the night. This does not leave people with a good feeling, or wanting to come back in the future.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quite good.... but huge!! I've just arrived from a week vacation at he Melia Caribe Tropical. I travel twice a year to these kind of all-inclusive resorts, so I have quite enough experience to compare. First of all, I'm a Chilean, so I really didn't have any language problems. And if I had problems, I tried to relax and enjoy my vacations, not complain loudly as many rude americans did. Never forget you came to relax and enjoy, not to yell at everyone. OK. Let's go to the review. One thing you MUST keep in mind: This resort is HUGE! This means everything is far away, and you need to walk quite a bit or wait for the train. Me and my 6 month pregnant wife arrived at 7 AM. We had to wait until 3 PM for the room, with absolutely nothing to do for 8 hours! People at the reception are very rude, and they simply couldn't care that my wife was tired and needed somewhere to rest. So, we had breakfast and slept in the lobby bar. Finally, we got our room on a second floor. It was impossible to switch to a first floor room, so my wife had to go up and down everyday (nothing serious, anyway). The rooms are very simple, and need a bit of paint, but they were OK. Minibar was filled everyday with Pepsi (no Coke here, I had to drink that awful Pepsi!!) and water. Amazingly, you have to pay for a safety box! Unbelieveable!!The beach was very good, lots of palm trees, shades, nice clean sand. Anyway, there was quite a lot of seaweed, but it was cleaned from the beach twice a day. Water is not as hot as in Canc煤n or the Caribbean islands... remember this is the Atlantic Ocean. The pools are great, very clean.The restaurants... well, food is quite good, but if you want to try the a la carte ones be willing to wait for your turn as much as 2 hours. No kidding. I waited 2 hours for Pagoda (chinese) and it wasn't worth it; 2 hours for Gondola (italian) and it was good; 45 minutes for Ma Maison (french)... great! My advice is to relax, grab a Pi帽a Colada and wait at the bar till your called, or either go to the buffet restaurants. Atabales and Alhambra are fairly good, and Los Panchos (mexican) is very good. The best? At night, the Agora by the beach turns into Steak House. Excellent food and people are really nice. For breakfast I recommed either Turey or Agora, depending on which hotel you are located.As a summary:- Location is beautiful, but it's too large. The hotel was full with 3000+ visitors, and they couldn't handle it.- Beach and pools are wonderful (this is why you come here... so enjoy it!). Watch out for your towels, I got mine stolen twice.- Restaurants are good but the waiting is terrible. Don't even try the a-la-carte if you are traveling with children, because they'll fall asleep before you are called in.- Rooms are OK. Nothing spectacular, just OK. I find it's an insult to charge for the safety box. Don't.- The only black spot: Reception people are rude, insolent and absolutely useless. I had three problems with the which I reported to a very pleasant manager called Alessia, who was very helpful. I hope my complaints help.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best vacation ever My husband  I went from Feb. 10-17. The grounds were beautiful and so well kept. The rooms were clean-never a shortage of anything. The staff were so friendly and helpful. They spoke some english-enough that we could understand each other. I would recommend this resort to anyone. My husband had never been on a vacation like this before but he also agreed that it was the best ever. It was so relaxing. We had no problem with the food at all. The Japanese and La Maison were the best restaraunts. Both very beautiful and the food was wonderful. We are already talking about going back next year. Definitely a thumbs up for this resort.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klsbrooklyn
<Content>Great Deal! the reviews on this site really helped in planning our vacation, so i'm going to try to be thorough. we stayed at the melia (caribe side) from feb 8-15 and had a fabulous time. go for the gorgeous white sand beaches  fabulous weather, don't go for the night life. i suggest going on the melia website  becoming a MAS member. we got off the bus  checked right in with no line, no wait, no hassle, while the rest of the bus waited in line (and the guy who helped us was from brooklyn)! ROOMS - they were clean  large, our couch and chair were a bit dingy, but no matter, we were never in our rooms anyway. the maid service was great, always towels  the room was always cleaned by 5pm. we left a tip at the end, not at the beginning  it didn't seem to make a difference in service. FOOD - definitely the weak point of the resort, but did hear that it was the best on the island. the turey grill was good, lots of choices for breakfast  lunch. the mexican  spanish restaurants were the best (food had the most flavor).. DRINKS - there's a bar everywhere you go, no shortage of alcohol or water. we never tipped (and saw no one else tipping) and still had very good service. GROUNDS - sooooo beautiful. can't say enough about this. we didn't mind the size, being from nyc, we're used to walking a lot. POOL/BEACH - again, so beautiful  always enough chairs at both. LANGUAGE - not sure what other reviewers were complaining about. most spoke some english and/or french and/or german. basically, they spoke more english than any american i saw speak spanish  quite a few spoke 2 or 3 languages. SPA - the indoor massages were much better than the outdoor/poolside massages (we did both). BOTTOM LINE - would definitely go back, lots of families  groups in their 40's-50's (we are 30), not a ton of nightlife, but if you want a great, easy, affordable getaway with lots of sun  relaxation, this is the place. also, americans, RELAX - you're on vacation! tned the minute they got on the bus  whenever we ran in to them at the resort they were still complaing. also spoke to others who always seemed to have a negative attitude. relax, you're on vacation.. it's not new york time, it's island time.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical is heaven on earty Other reviews for Melia Caribe did not mention how much fun it is for Young Adults. I went with family and friends and had the best week of my life. At first I was a little weary of the walk from place to place, yet the the resort is absolutly beutiful. The train is great to take also. The food was very tastey, not the best but still very good. The pools are great, there huge and have a swim up bar. The bar tenders are very friendly and can make about anything. If you take a short walk along the beach you will find a little market where you can buy all kinds of things, but it would not be smart to leave the resort otherwise. The activities were very fun, and there are dozens of things that are free to do. I got a masage at the spa and i was amazing, i would definitly recomend to spend the 50 bucks, because it is worth it, plus you on vacation. The Fun Pub (nightclub) is great, you can spend the whole night there and have a great time. If you get a chance I would recommend this resort to young and old alike.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical a little bit of heaven Just returned Feb. 16 after a weeks stay in paradise. The Melia Caribe Tropical is absolutley beautiful! The resort is very large and you do a lot of walking. That was great for us because we got to burn off some calories and enjoy the lush grounds. There where peacock near the International Buffet, flamingos near the Japanese restaurant and ducks and egrets everywhere. Many of the trees and flowers had their latin names on signs in front of them. What a joy to see so many flowers in February! For those not wanting to take the 5 minute walk to the restaurants or pool just hop on the train. Our room was large and always very clean. We left a $5 tip and a note requesting extra towels and water on the first day and got great service from then on. We left a few dollars during the week also. We also found that tipping the bartenders first got us refills before our glasses where empty. We read that the drinks were stong but we did not find that to be true. Also, ask for Imperial Rum in your drinks or check out the bar to see if they have the name brands you like. They had Absolute and Stoli vodka, JB, Dewars, Bacardi. Just check it out. Ask for the wine from Chile at dinner and they will leave the bottle on your table. The only thing that was not up to par was the food. You can eat in the a la carte restaurants every night if you choose even though they say you can only go to 3. No one asks for room numbers or names. We ate early, 6:30 or so and never had a wait. The Japanese restaurant is the only one you have to make reservations at. It was O.K. but not like our Japanese at home. The Capri and Le Gourmet were our favorites. The beef was not he best but tasted fine. The fish was good also. Remember, this is not the U.S. and they don't import chefs. We found the steak house or BBQ restaurant on the Tropical side the last night. The men did not have to where long pants and covered shoes there.This resort could be 5 star if the food quality was better. As for the staff, we found them to be a very happy and friendly group. We had no problems with waiting for service because we were on vacation. One minute Dominican is not the same as one minute U.S. I wish we were all so laid back! We did go on the Safari Adventure and it was well worth the money. Say hi to Alex if you go.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great vacation Just got back from the Melia. One of the best vacations ever. Resort is great!!!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice getaway My husband and I just returned from a 7-night stay in the Melia, Punta Cana (Feb. 8-15, 2003) through Funjet Vacations. If you are looking for a quiet, relaxing week, with plenty of sunshine and drinks, then this is the place for you. I found the reviews on this website to be very helpful for the most part so I thought I should repay by sharing our experience/knowledge. The grounds: As pretty much everyone else has stated, they must spend a fortune on landscaping! The grounds are vast and beautiful. Cool animals and trees to look at. Beautiful beach and pool with a great breeze. We had fantastic weather, 80-85 and sunny every day. It rained one night, but that was later and it felt good. Check-in/Check-out: No major issues here. We made no phone calls from the room and had no other charges. We tried to ask at check-in for a room close to the beach/ocean they said they were 100% full. Check-out at noon, our bus wasnt coming until 6pm so we checked our luggage with the bellboy, went to the pool, ate lunch, came back to the lobby and found the hospitality room is just one room with a sink, shower, and toilet. There were a lot of people waiting to use it and the floor looked soaking wet. We just took our stuff to the other lobby restroom, washed our faces, brushed our teeth, changed, and showered as soon as we got home. Size of the resort: Yes, it is large, but it is not so big that it is unmanageable! Basically, you have 3 areas: the lobby (casino/shows are here) and restaurant area, then the rooms, then the pool/beach area. We were literally as far away from the pool/beach as the rooms get (which meant we were as close to the restaurants/lobby as the rooms could get) and we had absolutely no problem with this. Not even walking fast, it is a 10-15 minute walk from one end to another. We probably split 50/50 with the walking and train thing just depended on how we felt, and if the train happened to be there. It seemed to me that the train took just as long as walking with all of its stops and slow pace. My final suggestion would be to try and get a room closer to the pool/beach if you wanted to, but do not be upset if you are not close, as I think our location was just as good (it was nice to have such a short walk home at night). As someone else said lower #s are generally closer to the pool/beach, we were in #41. Rooms/Cleanliness: Our room had no bugs, and was clean every day with no problems. Every day, we set out $2, a note in Spanish (i.e. Hola! Gracias para el espacio limpio!), and some candies (i.e. tootsie rolls) we had brought with us from the U.S. Our maid put fresh flowers in the room and got more and more creative as the week went on with the towels in the shape of swans, etc. We pretty much left our room every day by 10-10:30 and didnt return until 4-5pm, and our room was always cleaned during that time. We never saw the cleaning ladies until the last day when we checked out and they were so grateful toward us. The beds (we had two doubles, rather than one king which wouldve been ideal) were not comfortable. They were hard and sagged to the middle. But, we slept plenty. There are enough U.S. TV stations to keep you entertained, ESPN, CNN, the Superstation, TNT, HBO, and I think Showtime too. Language: We have a little knowledge of Spanish and tried our best to use it as much as we could (which they very much appreciate). Learn how to say thank you (gracias), good bye (adios), how many in your party (dos, tres, etc.), smoking or non-smoking (fumar o no fumar), do you speak English? (habla engles?), water (agua), and a few other phrases and you will be fine. Most importantly, be courteous, SMILE, and have some patience and you will get what you need. They love baseball, so if you are an MLB fan, learn a few players from the Dominican Republic in the MLB and talk about baseball. We brought some extra hats (Cincinnati Reds, Cleveland Indians) that we had and they were great to use as gifts for bartenders we liked or for use in bartering with the gift shops on the beach. Food/Restaurants: You will not starve. The food is not incredible, but edible. We ate every morning at the International restaurant, every afternoon at the Grill/Turey, and dinners at most of the restaurants. We liked the places where food was prepared for you on the spot (so you can pick out what you want and it is hot). This included the omelet station for breakfast, the pasta station at the Italian restaurant, the sandwich station at the Grill/Turey, the burrito and taco stations at the Mexican restaurant, and the Japanese restaurant. You only have to make reservations for the Japanese place. This happens at 9:00am in the lobby (Caribe side). If you only have a few in your party, getting there at 8:45am is sufficient. Other notes on food: Use common sense, if it doesnt look right, dont eat it. Shrimp dinner at the Italian restaurant comes with heads attached (eyes and all), very Fear Factorish looking. Pizza is ok, just a little different. Dont be afraid of the corn on there, it is not bad. The water in restaurants is fine. We didnt get sick. Drink bottled water and plenty of it. Dont be afraid to try new things though, you might as well since it is already paid for. We did bring some snacks for our room since I am such a finicky eater, and we did not need to. Clientele: There were a great number of French people at the Melia while we were there. There were definitely other Americans (some of the rude kind, mostly the nice kind), a good number of Canadians, and various other Europeans. There were indeed topless women and Speedo-clad men, but it did not bother us at all. There were pretty much all couples and young families there, I dont think I saw many single people at all. We were definitely on the younger side of the couples (we are 28). I would say the majority of the couples were in the 50-60 age range. We were never bothered for the special meeting or time share stuff, we think due to the age thing.Drinks/Casino/Night Life: This is no party-central place to be sure. But, we liked the pool bar during the day (strawberry daquiris with rum) and one day around 4-5pm, it was packed and people were having a blast! We werent sure if this happened every day and we were just off schedule, but if so, we were missing out! You will get used to hearing the same cds over and over at the pool. We made our own fun with the margaritas at the Mexican place (you can pour in your own tequila), and the bar in the casino (we really liked Carlos that worked there). We enjoyed sitting at the bar there watching ESPN or playing pool. The music was not the best, but we just laughed about pretty much every song (although several couples liked the music and would dance on the mini-dance floor). They play mostly 80s love songs. The Casino is about 10 tables and 30 slot machines, and like any Casino, they are set up to win the majority of the time. But, we played our fair share of Black Jack which is entertaining for us and it was fun to meet some others at the tables. The nightly shows were funny if nothing else, and something to do. I dont think we ever watched a whole one. In general, drinks are made strong throughout the place and a few bucks will help, although it is not necessary for every order or every trip to the bar. If you vacation with friends or meet people while you are there then you are more likely to socially have fun. We had a good time because we can pretty much have a good time anywhere. Golf/Excursions/Off-resort: We did not leave the resort except to walk down the beach a few miles in either direction. The golf seemed like a good deal (with the green fees included) until you find out that you have to rent a cart and clubs (if you dont bring your own). None of the excursions looked all that great... but we didnt go so I cant say for sure! We talked with several people about many of the excursions, and none stood out as really worth the money to us, but it wouldve been nice to get away from the resort on Thursday or Friday as we were kind of bored by then. We did try several of the activities included in the package, paddle boat, games, etc. You can be as involved or uninvolved as you want to be. Summary: We were completely burned out from work, it has snowed almost every day since Halloween here, and we wanted to relax, drink, get some sun, and that is exactly what we got. And we got it at a very reasonable price, very close to home. All in all Id say the vacation was a success. It is no Hawaii, but the difference in travel time and price makes up for the other parts that are lacking.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Will return! My girlfriend and I recently returned from the Melia. We both had a great time. The grounds were immaculate. Amazingly there were no bugs. Beautiful beach, pools, water, palm trees, flowers, ponds, flamingos, etc. Plenty of lounge chairs on the beach and beside the pools. The lobbies of the buildings were gorgeous full of marble and places to sit and enjoy a drink. While we recommend the a la carte restaurants, the buffets were great and offered good variety from place to place and night to night. Our favorite was the Mexican place (open late good for a 2nd dinner!). While tipping is technically included, its worth tipping a little here and there (when ordering drinks, receiving food, etc.) We found that you are better off tipping prior to the service but tip small they seem very appreciative of even a dollar. The poolside massages were well worth the $25. The shows are OK more crowd participation than anything. Casino was small but had the basics blackjack, slots, roulette, not sure about craps. The Fun Pub played dance music and was cool. Not a NYC club by any means, but it was (as the name implies) pretty fun if youre just looking to drink and goof around. In general, the Melia is large, beautiful, and well worth the money. Last winter we went to Aruba, saw all the big, expensive resorts, and the Melia is nicer than even the best Aruba resort and certainly larger. There is a tram car that gets you all around however we are young, in shape and never needed to use the train once. We preferred to take it slow, walk, and enjoy the scenery! If you choose the Melia, you should have a great trip. Have fun!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Unbelievable Place For A Vacation! My boyfriend and I just came back from Punta Cana and what an unbelievable experence. If you are planning to just get away, relax, and have a good time this is the place to be! Everyone in the resort is wonderful, very nice and helpful! The restaurants are excellent. My recommendation is the French Restaurant La Maison, the Japanese Restaurant (you only need reservations for this restauarant), and Chinese Restaurant. There is food everywhere defintely not a place to diet. For breakfast there is so much variety from the omlette station to fresh fruits, breads, cerals, etc. Lunch was also a variation from hamburgers, hot dogs to cheese steaks and pasta! The resort is huge to be sure to walk around and familairize yourself with the area. The pool is maganificant the best part is the pool bar! If you love frozen drinks you must have a Miami Vice (its pina colada on the bottom and strawberry diaquri on top) DELICIOUS!! If you are planing to bring your kids no problem! There is an area for kids! There are games and there own pool area! Just be aware there are a lot of topless women. Dont worry about bottled water there is bottled water everywhere even in your room. This resort has beautiful landscape and just a relaxing atmosphere. For nightlife the only thing they had was the casino and shows every night. Dont forget to tip your maid she will treat you well!! Before you travel remember to bring a carry on with your shorts and swim suits because they insist on bringing your luggage to the room. so in the meantime relax and go to the pool. Just remember if you try to take your own luggage your room may be more than a mile away. So i would recommend they take your luggage. I would recommend this resort to anyone and trust me you will have no complaints!! Oh, if you are adventurous you have to go on the JEEP EXCURSION! You get to drive your own jeep and go to the country and go up mountains, go over rivers and sugar canes. Its wonderful! HAVE FUN!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful but toooooooo large A buddy and me travelled to the resort to golf as a result of a recommendation from a couple of guys from my golf course who have gone and recommended it. We just got back on Feb. 8th. Prior to leaving I really did my homework and read a lot of reviews from various web sites, felt I had a good understanding of what to expect and how to prepare. Here is my feedback:1. Rooms: Did not see any bugs, no bites. Nice but could have been cleaned better even after tipping right away to ensure good service. Suggest that you ask to stay in the room blocks near the beach and main pool #11 through to #16 is the best location as you are also right near the Turey Bar/grill where you can eat all of your breakfasts  lunches. This was the best advice that I read prior to travelling and I requested #15 and got in that block.2. Service: Overall pretty good but tipping the tenders a few $'s up front if you are going to stay at the bar for a while goes a long way.3. Casino  Disco: Sucked. No nightlife at the resort what-so-ever except for the cheesy live shows. No life off the resort either.4. Beach  pools: 10's...outstanding, always can get a lounge chair. No bar down on the beach like a cabana which was a drag as you have to walk to get cocktails depending on where you lie on the beach.5. Activities: Lots to do but bring lots of $'s.6. Golf: Nice course, really enjoyed it. A number of the holes were very windy which made it more challenging. Ridiculas to have to pay $33US (including tax) for the cart rentalpurely a cash grab so do not consider the course as part of the package cause having to pay this deems it not really.7. Check-in / out: Quick no-problem8. Meals: Overall merely OK. Japenese have to reserve at 9am the day of to get in. Line ups start at 8.30am which was ridiculas, love Japenese but we refused to line up to make a reservation. Mexican  Italian were brutal, International was great as it was a buffet and had a large variety each night. Breakfasts  lunches at the Turey were very good. My only problem/complaint was that the only restaurants you could were shorts in were the buffets...were on holidays in the carribean for _*^$_#+(*+$ sakes!That's it, if you want a nice resort that is very large, clean with nice pools, beaches  family oriented I'd recommend the Melia Caribe. Single guys.........forget about it you'll be boarded to death!The King  
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phillycouple
<Content>Paradise...... My husband and I just returned from the Melia Jan.22nd-27th....Best vacation yet.The staff was more than friendly, (knowing a few basic spanish words couldn't hurt). The grounds were breathtaking. It is a huge facility, so try to ask for a lower number building which will put you closer to the beach/pool but further from all of the restaraunts. And you can always count on the tram-car to pick you up every 10-15 min. if needed. We were in building 28, and we were in the middle so it never took more than a couple of minutes to the beach or to go to dinner. And didn't take the tram much. We never had a bad meal, plenty of choices for everyone. No complaints. They filled our mini fridge in our room every day with soda  bottled water. Fresh flowers in our bathroom also. Nice extra touches....The beach did have a lot of topless woman, so I wouldn't recommed this hotel for children. Drinks had plenty of alcohol. Just ask for a certain brand and they most likely had it. If you don't ask you won't get the top shelf. No pressure from vendors to buy things, or hair braiding. If you want to buy anything just walk to the right on the beach and at the end you will find a few vendors more than happy to help you and it's much cheaper than the gift shop at the hotel. No need to exchange money, they would rather US. And if you exchange you can't get back US, so only exchange what you need too! No timeshare pressure either....We took the 3 hour ATV ride $55 us, was awesome. We also took the 3 hour tour on speed boats out to snorkel, $55 us, well worth it. Lots of sun, but lots of fun. Bring an underwater camera.Would definitly go back, and would recommend this place to anyone. Can't wait to go back, and we should have stayed longer.... next time.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cindypam
<Content>Loved the Melia Spent 5 days with my husband and kids at the Melia Caribe Tropical. All of the staff were very helpful and accommodating. I had been in touch with them prior to arriving and told them we were coming there to celebrate a 50th birthday. They sent champagne and fruit to the room twice and on the day of the birthday sent a birthday cake to our table. The grounds were beautiful with wild flamingos, cranes, peacocks, and all kinds of other birds around through the various gardens and ponds. The rooms were large, nicely appointed and very comfortable as were the bathrooms. The food was plentiful and I highly recommend the Japanese restaurant and the lobster at the International night. They have many different restaurants, some buffet and some a la carte dining, and they are all included with no extra charge. We are already planning our trip to return there next year with a few other couples.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WONDERFUL!! Can't wait to go back! My boyfriend gave me this trip for my 35th birthday, so he invested quite a bit of money on this week long vacation. We did read the reviews on this board before leaving and had determined we would make our own opinion of this tropical destination. So we left for our first vacation together at the Melia Caribe Tropical with a positive attitude and were determined to have FUN!FUN was what we had. It was an amazing week. We met lots of wonderful people, enjoyed the bountiful buffets, lounged by the pool and made the best of everything. Yes, the service could be slow. This is the DOMINICAN REPUBLIC...a very different culture from the U.S. They don't rush around or have the hectic, hurried lifestyles we do. Overall, we found the staff to be hard working and friendly. How did we react to the slower service? We sat back, relaxed at waited patiently to be served. We were on VACATION!! Many people in our group and others from Wisconsin brought along insulated mugs and the bartenders were more than happy to fill them up with whatever drink they ordered. Because we didn't have the insultated mugs, we would sometimes order two drinks each so we didn't have to go back as often. As far as the staff not speaking much English, it was never an issue for us. As long as you attempted to speak a bit of Espanol, they were gracious and accommodating. We found if you tipped the bartenders, you didn't get faster service, just stronger drinks. Which, you did not need as the drinks are alerady made very strong! Be vary careful of the 151 Rum! We found out the hard way the first day there! The bartenders were great at keeping track of the order the customers arrived at the bar and served in that order. We did give out tips our last day to show our appreciation to the bartenders.We left money for housekeeping along with coloring books, markers, crayons and candy for their children. Went to the Dollar Tree before vacation and spent about $13. We also gave some of these items to our favorite cocktail waitress at the lobby bar. Keep in mind the D.R. is a poor country. The average monthy wages are $300 U.S. dollars. When I read the negative reviews of the resort, it reminds me just how many Americans are spoiled and have no clue how lucky they are to even be able to take a vacation to such a tropical place.I have never had the opportunity to take such a luxurious vacation before. For me it was paradise...a week away from the stresses and worries every day life. To me, it was heaven. We made some great friends from another Wisconsin city and we're all planning to return next January and can't wait!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical wonderful! I went to the Melia Caribe Tropical to celebrate my 50th birthday with my family (husband, 2 kids). I was in touch with them prior to arriving to ask for room location and told them I was celebrating my birthday. They were very receptive. Twice they sent champagne and fruit to my room and on the date of my birthday they had a cake made and sent to my table at the Japanese restaurant (which by the way was fabulous). Everyone was helpful and friendly. The rooms were very comfortable and well appointed. The golf course was really very nice and included in the all-inclusive fee, except for a $33pp charge for a cart. There were several restaurants (Mexican, Spanish, Italian, French, Japanese, Chinese, Steak House, Gourmet) some were buffet and some were regular dining. The only restaurant you needed to make reservations for is the Japanese, but it is well worth it. One night at the International Buffet they had lobster, and you could get as many as you wanted. It was a great vacation and I highly recommend it!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wouldn't recommend Just read a review from someone that reminded me of my trip to Melia Caribe in DR.Uno momento was all we heard!! One night all 5 of us completed our dinner before we even got the sodas we ordered!Maybe because it's all inclusive and they don't care about customer service? Who knows.Place was beautiful.....but between service and lack of things to do,, I wouldn't go back!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful honeymoon! My husband and I just returned from our Honeymoon in DR. Having talked to other people who went and chose other hotels, it's clear we made a good choice. The room, the grounds, the pools were beautiful. They were kept immaculate. I don't know if it was due to tips or not... don't really care... but the room was always clean with fresh flowers and the mini bar always re-stocked daily. Service was at times a little slow in the buffet but was also always friendly... worth the wait. The food was good, not fantastic (with the exception of a few dishes) and we found we were better off to stay away from the beef (not the same as home). There was always a good choice so this was not a problem. All the staff was friendly, always said hello, smiled... not all guests are all that friendly to them though! I wouldn't be surprised if some of them got the no hablo. I pretended not to speak english with a few myself! One woman even yelled at the bartender for a cloudy day!! Never had a problem with anything stolen.. did use the safe (it's there, it's free) The one time we had a problem (toilet got plugged) someone was there within 5 minutes on a moped with a plunger! Much faster than anything I ever got in the US! We loved it there. I'm already trying to talk him into returning next year for our anniversary!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great golf Great golfing , course was in fantastic shape , the greens are true and it was HOT, best to get early tee off times, make sure you play the red 9 at least once, very long. Hotel was very nice but too big for my liking, long walk to anywhere, food was good with lots of variety, pools are great, I highly recommend getting a room NEAR the Pools and beach. Have fun, you will enjoy this little piece of paradise, very little to do outside the Hotel, I only left to go to the golf course.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no speak english I wish I had paid more attention to the reviews on this site. My husband  I just returned 1/28/03. Area is dirt poor. I've worked for a major hotel, This place is extremely poorly run. My room bed was so dirty, I stripped the pillows  spread  tossed them outside, called housekeeping  tipped the maid $10 to get clean linens. Tipping got me a clean room every day. There are no non smoking rooms. They do not stock the fridge with beer, only 2 soft drinks  2 waters. Woman will be the last ones served at the bars. Even when I tipped the service was terrible. Nothing to do at nite except gamble. The property is landscaped but too large, you have to walk on concrete everywhere. By far my worst complaint is no one speaks english,even at the front desk. I know I'm in there country, but this is a hospitality workplace. After seeing how the poor live, I was nervous about the handling of the food. I became ill on the 5th day, same for my husband.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time Arrived home to -2 degrees farrenheit temps. BRRR. IT was about an 84 degree change for us.Most of what I have to say is positive about the Melia. The Pools were great. The frozen lemonade was excellent, same with the regular lemonade. The pools were huge and you could always find a quiet spot. When we got too hot from being in the sun we just slipped right in to the pool and headed to the swim up bar. The drinks were excellent and contained plenty of alcohol. Some drinks don't always get the alcohol so request it. A little absolute in the lemonade always hit the spot.If you do not feel comfortable with topless women walking around or fat men in Spedo's think twice about coming to Punta Cana. The beach and grounds were beautiful. If you want to see pics e mail me and I will give you the adress to my online photo album. There are Flamingos, Peacocks and Cranes throughout the resort. Sometimes even inside the restaraunts and lobbies. Service was pretty good. We did not have any problems there. One of the problems I did have was they gave me a room with two double beds. NO probelem you figure just push them together. NO Can Do. They are on Concrete platforms and unmoveable. It took two days and three trips to the lobby to get my room switch and if I did not lose my temper and yelled at them It might never had happened. Our other problem was the food. Although it looked gorgeous it did not taste very good. But I have been told that it is on par if not better than most other resorts down in the Carribean. We did not go hungry though, we always found something that was to our liking usually at the Mexican Restaraunt. Just remember if you leave your plate to cover it because a bird might leave a little surprise for you when you are grabbing a dessert.Speakin of desert, the Ice Cream is your best bet. I only went on one excursion there. IT was called the Marinarium. On the tour we got to snorkel with nurse sharks and sting rays and over a reef with plenty of fish. We had an excellent time.Besides the snorkeling we swam in the ocean and had drinks served to us in the water. The exursion costed $70 us but was well worth it. The proceeds go towards programs for the animals and the local underpriviledged children to educate them about the marine life.I would highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing vacation!!! Hands down, best vacation ever!! As I type this review I'm sitting in Chicago in single digit temperatures listening to my newly acquired merengue music CD and desperately wishing to be back at the resort! It was absolutely relaxing and beautiful and all the staff was very friendly and courteous. We had sunshine every day (it rained 2 nights for a little bit but did not cut into the all-important beach time) I have read several things about things being stolen out of the rooms, etc, but no one in our group of 36 had any problems. It's all about expectations. The important thing to remember is that you are on Dominican time which means everything is at a much slower pace. If they say the drive will be 5 minutes, it probably means 30 so grab a drink, a book and a friend for some enjoyable conversation while you wait. (the same goes for restaurants - you likely won't get out of an ala carte restaurant in less than 1-1/2 hours). If you know that going in though, it makes the wait more tolerable.I thought the food was great - lots of choices - you can eat at a different place every night and we had absolutely no waiting for any of the restaurants (stayed 01/11/03-01-18/03).THE MOST IMPORTANT THING to remember is slow down and you will have an absolutely fabulous time. Also, take advantage of the dance lessons and the activities offered - the dancers/activity directors were a blast!It is helpful if you know a little Spanish (you are in THEIR country after all) but not essential. Many of the people speak several languages and they have flags on their name tags which tell you the languages they speak.Have a GREAT time! I would go back in a heartbeat and am already making plans to do so next year. Definitely a high recommendation for some R  R and rejuvenating sunshine!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful - Loved It! Where to begin? I guess let me start by saying not to believe the negative reviews you read. The only way you can have a bad experience here is by your own doing. Yes, there were some inconveniences or things we are not used to in the states, but we are not in the states! I want to give a thorough report so I will touch on the good and not so good. Let's start with the shortest of the two... the not so good.1 - There were 36 of us in our group. My mother being our travel agent requested weeks in advance that we all be in the same bungalow or nearby bungalows. This didn't happen, nor were they willing to try to accomodate us when we were checking in.2 - Guidance! We did not arrive at the resort until 1:00 a.m. or so and there was no real direction given on finding your way around the resort. We checked in on the Caribe side but our room was on the Tropical side. There are not trains that run from the Caribe side to the Tropical side so we wondered looking for our room for a short time. Not a big deal, but we were very tired at this point. Now on to the good...1 - Beautiful!! I can't say enough about how beautiful the grounds are! Every where you look you see beautiful flowers, brush and wild life. The walkways/streets are an attractive stone. All is very well kept.2 - Our room was great. Always had water and soda in the fridge. It was always made up in a timely fashion. It did help to read the reviews to know you needed to insert your key for the lights to turn on. Never had any problems with the A/C. I only saw 3 small spiders the entire week.3 - The beaches are unbeleivable! They are raked regularly throughout the day to pick up any seaweed (which looks more like grass) that washes up. Nice soft sand and lots of activities going on. Volleyball, merengue lessons and aerobics in the ocean (a must do) just to name a few. Plenty of chairs in sun and shade to go around.4 - The pools were great!! What can I say. There were islands with palm trees planted throughout. Drinks at the swim up bar flowed freely and again plenty of chairs in the sun and shade to go around.5 - Food was good. I have a very picky 7 year old and she was able to find something just about every where. We really enjoyed the Mexican, Italian and Japanese. I didn't eat at the seafood place, but my family raved about it. The BBQ place was a hit or miss like any restaurant, but my steak was very good. Service is a bit slow, but again, you're on vacation, sit back and relax.6 - The kids club... I was very nervous about. After being at a Beaches resort in Turks  Caicos, I wasn't sure how this one would be. Good for younger crowd; maybe up to 10. Didn't seem like enough to entertain kids much older than that. My 7 year old and her cousin really had fun with the counslers there.7 - The entertainment - pretty good. We were picked for an audience participation show which was a lot of fun! They lipsink during most of the shows which is kind of goofy since they don't speak English, but the dancing and costumes are nice.8 - We went on one excursion. The Bavaro Runners. Well worth it. Our tour guide was Matthew and he was very informative. Bring money for the museum if you like cigars and items to buy at the working farm. It was a nice opportunity to see the country and culture.9 - Bardering with the locals on the beach was a learning experience. Cheaper than the gift shop. The ladies braiding hair were very nice. Remember to barder with them too. They started @ $45 for my 11 year old to get her whole head braided and I ended up paying $30.10 - Check-out went smooth, no complaints.Would I go back?.... in a heart beat!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GO! Forget the negatives. My wife and I (both 45) spent a week here starting Jan 12. In a nutshell, we were concerned about the negativity in some of these reviews. We went anyway, and it was the best vacation we have taken. Rooms are perfect, altho we were as far from the beach as you can be. No big deal, we could use the excersize. Grounds are beyond description. Food is good. Not great, but this is DR and there was almost too much to choose from. Be careful booking water sports, the sometimes dont tell you the whole story. Pool side massage started every day for us. Drinks flow freely. Note here that there are 2 different wines served at dinner, be sure to request the Chilean wines over the Spanish. And do not even look at the tap water. I lost a day by rinsing my toothbrush under the tap. Tips are included, but a little extra goes a long way in DR. Have fun, relax, you are on vacation.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>first timer loved it First time to the carribean. My wife set up the trip. I am not a big sun and beach guy. Woke up the first morning sun shining in looked out saw the beautiful grounds and the ocean. Went down to the beach. Incredible white sand and clear turquoise water. I was hooked. Food drinks and service were all excellent. Saw a couple of the nightly shows. They were a little cheesy more audience participation than show. But a lot of audience seemed to be having fun. Beaches are topless and seems to be a lot of europeans. this makes the whole scene very interesting. Bartering with the souvenir people on the beach was a lot of fun. The place is really big so if you don't like to walk plan on waiting for the trains that will haul you around. Better yet walk and enjoy the beautiful scenery. Oh yeah great pools.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>also gringas issue just read a review about the soup, and the issue of stealing from rooms, and remembered this:one morning we went back to our room early, and one of the working men from the resort called up to a maid  her name gringas then she came out of the room next to ours and said gracias his name and I wondered why was he warning her that we were approaching, didn't sound to good to me. also went thru similiar wait at the morning buffet to get a coffee to go, all I got was uno momento took an hour to get that coffee for my husband. The servers were all in the back talking, and there were many guests wandering around with coffee cups looking for a cup of coffee.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved it! I just returned from Melia Tropical yesterday and it was the greatest vacation ever. The beautiful clean beach with the clear blue-green waters, plenty of lounge chairs, fun activities every day, the whole day, from water aerobics and volleyball to merengue lessons right on the beach. oooh, the drinks and the food. The quality of food was not always good, but if you didn't like one thing, you could always get something else that pleases you. The seafood restaurant Capri , the international Le Gourmet and the Italian Gondola were our favorites as far as ala-carte service went, and the best buffet was hands down the Mexican place Los Ponchos. Mostly European crowd consisting of Russian, French, Spanish and German natives. Few rude Americans.You do have to walk a lot to get places, but during the day you can take in the beautiful views of the resort, complete with about a dozen peacocks roaming the grounds, or you can wait for the train.Plus walking burns calories, which some Americans can definitely afford to do.The only negative is that the service is not always perfect. You wait a lot for things and many people barely speak English, if any at all. However, they are very friendly, and all you have to do is smile and be patient. The first day we didn't get our luggage in the room for about 4 hours after arrival, and we did have 1.5-2 hour dinners almost every night, but the memories of this place are magical, they are memories of complete relaxation. PS. And if you still can't fully relax, try the deep muscle massage at the spa  
<Date>Jan 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved This Place! Can't wait to go back! This place was awesome....I am depressed because I am back in this COLD KY weather!Warning:This is a VERY LONG and very positive reviewI DID read all of the other reviews BEFORE I left for Punta Cana and I can't believe that MANY people are that worried about wash clothsAnyway...here goes! 5 single gals, 21-36 yrs. of age...and we ALL had a GREAT time!I only wish we could have stayed longer!4 days (Jan.6-10) was NOT enough for me! Be prepared ladies...... put on your lipstick and brush you hair because as soon as you step of the plane you will have your picture taken!Everyone does and then you can buy it for $5 on the way home from Punta Cana.I am telling you this because we were NOT prepared and looked like hell in our pic so we did not buy one!This resort IS HUGE... we got lost a few times!There are 2 lobbies, 2 beach fronts and 2 huge pools that are mirror images of each other, which was confusing!! If you do not want to walk everywhere Just ask someone which color train you need to get on and you will be fine...(Red, Blue or Green)Lots of places to eat and the food was VERY goodMexican was my favorite! and the Seafood place was good too.....loved the lobsterMany are buffet style.... so if you do not like buffets, I do not know what to tell ya!You should go eat EARLY at night to avoid standing in line....EVERYONE decides to eat between 7 and 8 Most places that are not buffet DO take a while to serve you .......chill out and have a drink.....YOU are on vacation......why do you need to rush???You can find a great breakfast at the International House... till 10:30 am or you can eat breakfast down by the beach however we found that after 10:30-ish breakfast is over and you can ONLY get burgers, hotdogs, chicken and fries at the beach After 12:30 you can gets tons of great food There is even a chef that does pasta made to order The grounds were amazing!Pink flamingos, lush greenery and tropical flowers everywhere!Bring lots of film!The Wedding Gazebo is really beautiful....I even got to see a couple of weddings!The pools were awesome...beautiful with lots of palm trees all aroundBut be very careful.....tile all around the pool is VERY slippery and you could fall...one of my friends did!Lots of chairs for everyone!You can sit in the shade or the sun!Make sure to hang out at the POOL BARS....very fun!And the beach is to die for....you won't believe all the palm trees and the white sand.Seaweed was not a real problem for us.Go 3 minutes to your right on the beach to buy all kinds of gifts for the people back home and check out the local stone Larmar ...kinda looks like turquoise....very pretty!Rooms were nice and clean!Do NOT even brush your teeth w/ the tap water!Maids were kind and helped us when they could understand us!Do leave a dollar or two...it helps!and YES!!!!!.......It is true .... there were NO wash cloths to be found TIP: we just used those Facial Wipe-Make Up Remover cloths (Dove, Oil of OLay etc.) and it was NO BIG DEAL! ...just pack some!(One wash cloth DID appear the end of the week....so they do exist!)Bottled water and Sprite always in fridge, and the room was cool and comfortable.Bed was kinda hard.......but after ALL the RUM you drink during the day.....it does not really matter!!LOCK your valuable stuff up in the safe (that is what it is for) and TAKE THE KEY WITH YOU .....this is what we did and we had NOTHING stolen!!!!!The Nightly Shows were very fun and the guys and gals will teach you how to Merengue if you just get up there on stage!The Broadway Musical type show was my favoriteThey even did songs from Phantom of the Opera and Hello Dolly!....yeah they lip sync many of the songs BUT it was still fun to watch.The Fun Pub/Disco was a BLAST.We closed the place down the last 3 nights we were there!There is a DJ, a pool table and ESPN is on the TV!All of the bartenders here a very sweet!Most we met spoke Dutch, English, Spanish and German!and speaking of bars....... You can get Jim Beam, Absolute Vodka and Bacardi Rum....I know those are not really top shelf to some BUT you have to ASK for these or they will give you the really cheap stuffWARNING: There is ONLY DRAFT BEER .....NO BOTTLED BEER HERE!!!!!!!!!Try the Caprina....very good, if you are into limes!and the Rum Punch!By the end of the week however...... I really just wanted a COLD BUD LIGHT!We also checked out a local disco that some of the staff told us about .....so go to Mangu's .... take a taxi!As you can tell by now I had a great time and would go back to this resort in a heart beat!I am saving my money right now!I have been telling everyone I know how great this resort is and how kind everyone was to all of us!I am really amazed that there are so many bad reviews!!My only complaint is that it rained and was cloudy for 3 days......must have been the rainy season I guess!IF YOU GO..........Please tell Oscar and Winston that the gals from KY say Hi!!!!! (The volleyball and beach aerobics guys)and you will also see them in the nightly shows......Very sweet guys and they speak English very well!Take care and have FUN if you go!!!!!! :)p.s.Guys, you DO have a dress codeBut gals can wear what they want......we did dress up at night........hey, we were on VACATION!!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best vacation ever Melia Caribe Tropical was the most amazing resort. me and my family had the best time ever. The staff was wonderful, even though english isnt their native language, they made an effort (as soon as they saw that we were trying to make an effort to speak in spanish) to comunicate with us in english, and they did a great job. there is always food available, and since its all-inclusive you can have whatever you want, and the same goes for drinks at any of the bars...although you might have for wait a couple minutes for service because its usually crowded. The beach is beautiful, there is a little bit of seaweed some places, but if you like to swim the farther out you go there is nearly nothing. there were some topless bathers, but it was horrible...ALOT of speedos.There are always activities for you to do...banana boating, parasailing, snorkling, boogie boarding, scuba diving, paddle boating, kayaking, windsurfing, plus you can always go to the gorgeous pool (there are 2, one at the Caribe side and one at the Tropical side...Tropical is geared more towards children, so if your looking for some peace go to the Caribe side).If you have kids there is a kids club (more towards 10 and under) and there are shows and bingo every night at both sides. HIGHLY recomment bingo for families, but go to the Caribe side for that (much much more fun) because everything is so alive, and say hi to Melvin (the guy who walks around while you are playing...he is easily noticed by his laugh).The rooms are great, always tempurature controlled and very comfortable beds. the bathroom is stunningly beautiful, and the maid always kept our room clean with fresh flowers every day (we simply left her 2 chocolates and $2 daily, then having a spanish dictionary we could easily comunicate through written notes that we left for her...highly recommend doing that)The staff that works there is always alive and always alot of fun, especially Pedro, he is so much fun. they will try and get you to do activities with them, and if you dont want to, simply just say that you have something else planned, they are very courteous and will not push you. the SPA by the Caribe pool is amazing. the massages that they give are perfect for a nice relaxing last day there.The gift shop is nice, but VERY expensive, for 3 packs of gum an 2 bags of chips it was $12...if you want some fun little souveniers go along the beach to the venders (go right along the beach) the stuff is very expensive at first, but you MUST haggle with them (i.e. we had a bathing suit and 2 wraps for $90 at first...got them down to $40)Weather is perfect the whole time (we went from December 28-January 4 {2002-2003}) at 6 pm every night there was a slight shower that cooled the air down, but it didnt interfere with our time because we were in our room getting ready for dinner anyways. during the day it was around 85 and sunny (or partly cloudy) during the day, and there was always a nice cool breeze so it didnt feel unbearably hot. Do not recommend the buffet resturants at all, not very good food or very good service (takes about 15 minutes to get something to drink, and refills are totally out of the question, so if you go there, drink sparingly). A La Carte restaurants were fabulous. Especially recommend Meditarranian, Chinese, Japonese (need to make reservations for only this one), Italian.Jungle Safari (outside of resort, need to make appointments) was amazing. if you do it, ask about the one where you drive your own Jeep, much more fun. all you do is follow the tourguide (you are literally driving through rivers and mud and through the jungle) but remember to bring candy and pencils and paper and other goods for the children that you will see along the way, but NEVER give them money, it makes them lazy and they dont work (at least thats what our tourguide told us...we did what he told us to do and we had a great time).All in all the vacation was to die for, the only thing that we would do different would be to bring another family for the kids to have friends, because by the end of the week the 13 year old daughter was going into friend-withdrawl. Have Fun!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia stay (DEC 28 - Jan 5, 2003) If you want a place that has beautiful gardens and a great sand beach, this is the place. The food is exciting but the same stuff gets old by day three and you always have to have long pants for dinner. It is a good value all-round but the Melia, like most Melia resorts that I have stayed has service that is awful and very frustrating.First, we booked the place about 6 months in advance and requested that our group of 26 people be located in the same building or geographic area. Well, they did somewhat but the location was 1 km from the beach and this was even with the MaS preference. Therefore, the story here is plan on some very very far walks to do anything.Wait there is more! They have some very nice restaurants but these clowns have no idea what you want to order. Make sure the show the waiter the menu and point and make sure he writes it down. When they say yes they do not under stand. Further, we agreed to all meet at the Chinese place and all eat together one night -- so ok, no one big table but how about a bunch of 4 tops. The hostess, takes our name and says come back in an hour??? Why -- the place was empty. So, we have a drink at the temporary bar set up outside the place and then about 35-40 later she come out and tells us to go somewhere else. BULL S**T , had to turn into an ugly American. We all were seated 10 minutes later. One more -- this one is great.... One young lady got sick one day (do not drink the water). So here husband takes the trip to one of restaurants in the complex ask a waiter if he can get soup-to-go. Waiter says no problem; he tips the guy and waits 30 minutes 聳 no soup. He asks where is his soup? The waiter says go change out of his shorts and return with long pants and he will get the soup. What a pain in the a**.As for the snorkeling and sailing 聳 forget it. These lazy clowns will always tell you there is too much wind to sail or not enough. same with the snorkeling. I have sailed a lot in my life, everything from Hobies to +60ft ketch. These gentle breezes would not even fill the spinnaker. UnbelievableForget asking for the beach volleyball. That was a 陆 wasted too. We paid some kid five bucks at the adjacent resort to use his ball just to have some fun.As for nightlife 聳 bring you own. But do not have too much fun. We were getting loaded and singing in the bar next to the casino area. Guess what 聟..they said it was interrupting the gamblers 聟.what! Were they winning or something? Give me a break.On the next to the last day I headed to customer service desk to try to get some leverage for the bad time and arrange a late check out 聳 again, no deal. But, the really important issue is what I continually heard while I was waiting there. Person after person was complaining that they had stuff STOLEN OUT OF THERE ROOMS. (5 in the 30 minutes I waited). One would think that this is an important issue and us gringo's would not get on the web when we return home to talk about this issue.My advice is to pick someplace else. The simplest issue to fix is the employee service issue and they could be charging a premium (like Sandals) for the stay but are forced to the lower bargain levels due to the horrible service, crime and lack of customer service.I wanted to spend some time on this write-up so others would not make the same mistake.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Time of my life!!! My 2 friends and I took a vacation here in January 2001 and had the time of our lives. The grounds were beautiful, the pools were amazing, the rooms were very clean, the staff was very friendly (especially the entertainment staff, Lisa, Marchello, Caesar, to name a few), the food was fabulous (none of us got sick) and the Fun Pub was a blast every night! I will agree they don't speak English but it was fun learning Spanish! I would go back there in a heartbeat and would recommend it to anyone interested in going to Punta Cana! It might be helpful to know our age group (28-33)  
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value for your $ Stayed from 12/14 - 12/21/02. Had a wonderful time. One of the most relaxing vacations my wife  I have had. Rooms were clean, grounds were well maintained. The food was good. Not great, but good. Top shelf drinks (you have to ask). Planty of lounges at both the pool and the beach. We would recommend this to a friend.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice! My husband and I along with another couple went to the melia in june of 2002....it was beautiful!Yes, check in was a little slow but the room was very nice and worth the small wait. The beach and pools are absolutely BREATHTAKING! There is a grill on the beach with a beautiful view of the blue/green ocean..... it was truly like staying in Paradise.THe food was not bad but....different.Since this resort is not in the US, americans should not expect to find american cuisine there! WE never had a problem finding something that we liked to eat AND we enjoyed trying new things.No, Not everyone spoke english......WE WERE NOT IN AMERICA. The Dominican Republic is spanish! (when in Rome people!)If you are expecting what you get at home then STAY here...If you want something different but at the same time just as great.......try the melia!Did I mention that we are taking our children and my husbands whole family and going again in two weeks? We are staying at the Melia...couldnt be all that bad...huh?  
<Date>Dec 16, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Melia is fun and a bargin Great place to relax. Couple oriented. I went there alone and only met a few people who were not there with someone. The food is spotty. I would recommend looking around before you decide on somehing from the buffets. On the other hand if you do not like it get someting else. Good value for the money.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't waste your time and money If you are a typical American, you expect certain things. Like instructions, someone/anyone who cares if you need or want something, somewhat-timely service, certain amenities, etc. You will not receive any of these things at this resort. My husband and I are not overly-demanding (at least we don't think we are!). Let me give you a few examples. We arrived about 10 pm. There were guests sleeping all over the lobby of the hotel. Why? Because they didn't have rooms yet. Luckily, we weren't one of them. We wanted to upgrade our room and we were told ALL THE ROOMS ARE THE SAME. We found out on the fifth day of our stay that's not true. We went with 26 other people. Two of the couples didn't get rooms until the following day! We were hungry when we arrived and the only place opened was a picked-over buffet (this was at 10:30 and the place was supposed to close at 11:00). If you want coffee, you can get dressed and walk 4 blocks for it - no room service, no in-room coffee makers. It would have been nice to sit on our balcony and enjoy some java, but by the time you got back with your plastic cup of coffee, it was luke-warm. Okay, you're not a coffee drinker? Read on. Restaurants that don't open on time, close early, ask for something 4 or 5 times and never get it, spend 2 hours to eat dinner - you might as well, there's nothing else to do. There is a casino, a goofy little disco and the entertainment we saw was pretty poor - certainly not something you would want to spend 7 or 8 nights watching. There was broken glass under our sheets - Oh, if only one of us had only gotten cut!We were ready to leave - really ready to leave - on Monday morning, having been there for only a day and a half. We began inquiring about late checkout for the following Saturday, early in the week. Our flight didn't leave until 9:20 pm. They kept telling us to come back on Friday and they would let us know if WE COULD! (Imagine that!) On Friday, they said call back tomorrow morning at 10:00 am. After begging and then threatening, they LET US keep our room until 4 pm. My husband was sick for three days, as were 6 other members of our party. You cannot drink the water in your bathroom or even brush your teeth or rinse your mouth with it - you must use bottled water. Everyone was very careful about that but still, some got sick - it was not pretty.I knew it was topless, but didn't really expect to see people actually changing clothes on the beach and at the pool. Well, to each his own, I guess. (I felt like I was back at Hedonism).I wouldn't waste my time or money on this place. True, the Dominican Republic is a beautiful island, Jurassic Park was filmed there, but some people will tell you it is not safe to go traveling around, others will tell you it is. It's no Cancun or Key West, you'll be able to tell that on the bus ride from the airport if you decide to go. That's my review. Go if you want, but you've been warned. Other visitors to OTHER RESORTS said their trips were wonderful (people we talked to at the airport) - but believe me, the Melia Caribe wasn't.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Dec 2-7 I don聮t even know where to begin...My boyfriend and I went not knowing what to expect due to some of the mixed reviews that we had read, but if anyone had a complaint I have no idea where they were because we were in Paradise!!!!Checking in was a breeze and we were in our beautiful room in no time!! Fresh flowers in our room everyday, plenty of towels and our fridge fully stocked with water and soda...We had to wait a little while for our luggage to be brought up to our room, but that was not a big deal...we used the down time to relax on our balcony overlooking all of the flowers and palm trees. Everyone is so friendly, catering, helpful and kind.The weather was perfect every single day. The beach was immaculate. The sand was like powder and the water was so warm! Finding chairs was never a problem! There were enough lounge chairs for the sun lovers, and shady thatched umbrellas if you wanted a lazy day in the shade. The main pool was HUGE! The swim bar was great, and they load your drinks up! And like the beach, PLENTY of loungers and shade.At night you can choose from shows, casino, fun pub, bars, or ALL OF THE ABOVE!The only thing that I thought could use improving was the food...but being from New York, I think I am a little spoiled because in my opinion we have the best food in the world! The food wasn聮t terrible, but it left a little to be desired... you DONT go hungry though, that聮s for sure...they have a wide variety of different types of food and restaurants and you will find something you like isn聮t a problem聟I highly recommend the Melia Caribe if you are looking for a vacation of a lifetime! I have no idea where those people who typed those awful reviews were coming from聟maybe they just spent a little to much time in the sun, and had sunspots on there brains!!!THE ONLY COMPLAINT I HAD WAS WHEN I HAD TO LEAVE AND COME BACK HOME TO THE COLD AND SNOW! But as I was standing at the airport back in New York waiting for our van to get come pick us up, as cold as it was outside, the tropical memories of Punta Cana kept me warm!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>from 1 to 10 it get's a 20 this vacation was great!!!we arrived friday nov. 29 no problems at the airport, check in was faster than any hotel i have visited.Our group consisted of 10 people and each of us were in our room with in 20 min of arrival. all the rooms are the same very tropical looking very clean with limestone floors and potent ac system but i do sudjest you pay the $99 upgrade and request a beach front room, this put's you in the middle of the two pools and the breakfast buffet.the first night we got slamed at the swimup bar with tequila and coco locos, and for someone who's used to paying $5.00 for a mixdrink tipin the bartender a dollar or two was no problem....remember, its an all inclusive deal but youll be surprised at how much a dollar or two will get you.For dinner there are 7 restaurant, we tried the french, spanish , and sea food place all very good specialy the sea food, and i herd the japanese is the best but good luck trying to get a table if you arrive after 6 pm At night there's a hotel night club wich is very goodbut we venture out and took a taxi to a local club called  MANGU  were you get a mix of the local people and some turist. the music is moustly spanish with some hip hop. Some people complained that the music was all spanish, well this isnt poland or romania it's RD and that's what they listen to, so for all you polka fans bring head phones!!!!BIG TIP, dont buy nothing, gifts, t shirts etc...at the hotel. take a taxi to plaza bavaro for all your shoping!!and also befor leaving to the airpot on your final day eat as much as you can or you'll pay $24.00 dollars for 4 slices of pizza and 2 cokesThe high light of our trip was horse back ridding for an hour along the beach and a round of golf at the cocotal golf course. If you play golf dial extention 2000 and reserve when you get there, it's free if you stay at the melia but realy you have to pay $30 dollars to use a cart per person so really they are charging you $30 bucks per person but is so worth it.If you take this trip you wont regret it, people are very friendly just be nice bring a smile and have fun..........not to much fun or you'll get kicked out the french restaurant like we did. thanks to KELLY an FERCHO who desided to become scarface and play the say good night to the bad guy seen.before i forget, get a massage at the bongolo next to the pool and when she's done ask for happy ending you'll walk out with a black eye.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away - this place smells I want all of you to stay away. This place is great and I don't want too many of you there. As usual you have to be on Caribbean Time mentally and note demand FAST service but the weather was great, the food better than average and LOTS of it.There was one person at the pool bar that worked harder and faster than any person I've ever seen.PLEASE stay away ... go to Cancun ... I like this place.3/4 European so not too many 'ugly American' but a few.Don't get caught in going to the 'special' meeting they say it's not to sell timeshares but it is, almost.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best resort in the world! (we'll go there the 3rd time) Well, we already went to the Melia Tropical twice and we麓re gonna return to paradise next Feb..The second time it was a lot better, after the Fun Pub opened and more guests were there. I麓d say that the Tropical is more beautiful than the Caribe, but well, your opinion is your opinion.I麓m really looking forward to go there again and meeting some new people.Bye,Ricky  
<Date>Dec 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well worth it! After a 9 hour flight and a 1 and a half hour bus trip,(not easy with an 11 year old and an impatient 6 year old!) we arrived in paradise. The room was clean and well furnished, with enough TV channels to keep the children amused while us parents had a rest. The pool was fantastic, in fact, getting the children out of it was the problem! The beach was clean and well stocked with sun loungers. The restaurants were very good - breakfast and lunch was a bit boring after the first week (same choices every day) but the quality was good and the children enjoyed it. However, we did have trouble in the evenings when restaurants did not cater for children - although they were willing to experiment with unfamiliar dishes. We can highly recommend Ma Maison, La Gondola (Italian) and the Mexican buffet restaurant was also very good. The hotel grounds (vast as they are) were extremely beautiful and well looked after and the staff were very friendly and efficient. Don't miss out on a trip to Manati Park where you can swim with the dolphins - definitely the most memorable part of the holiday. Would we go back there? - YES!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst vacation ever If this is a 5 star resort then Bob Evans will start taking reservations for dinner. Bad service, overbookings galore, can't get into the good restaruntes and worst of all... VACATION EXPRESS and how they are dealing with this mess. I will never use vacation express for any travel again and hope none of you do either. They won't even respond to my phone calls or letters.BEWARE  
<Date>Nov 23, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! Just returned from a wonderful weekend. Resort is gorgeous, staff always smiling, singing, and dancing. Accomodations exceptional. Pool extrordinary and the beaches are pure white snow accompanied by swaying palm trees. A must for seasoned travelers  
<Date>Nov 15, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! Will definitely come back! I have nothing bad great things to say about this resort. The rooms were nice, the grounds were beautiful, the beaches were gorgeous. The pictures on their website don't do them justice. The employees were all very courteous and went out of their way to make our stay very pleasant. Maybe it was the time of year, but there were no bugs...didn't even break out the bug spray once! The beaches and pool weren't crowded and the weather was very mild. Great weather the entire week. I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone wanting to get away from the hustle and bustle of our hectic lives. If you want to just lay in the sun, or water, and relax, this is the place for you!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Tropical Resort-Glad it was a getaway, not the vacation of a lifetime We read all the reviews prior to our trip (Oct. 19-26). Best advice in reviews was take SPF-30 and a sense of humor. It was not as bad as the bad reviews and not as good as the good reviews. Things are changing. TV remote is in room, and no more reservations for a la carte restaurants. We have a crazy American notion that dealing with management should be done when checking in and out and if you have a question in between. Here you deal with them on average three times daily. Guess the lady that made up our room and the waiters we encountered did not read the reviews about tips helping with service. There are numerous english speaking employees, that was not a problem. (The ones in white shirts speak five languages). The place is beautiful!!! It is a shame some of the money spent on landscaping could not be spent on guest relations. Two of our biggest problems were getting diet soft drinks and face cloths (wash rags) for the room. Room was nice and rather cool after about midnight. Buffet restaurants and lobby are open air. A la carte restaurants are HOT!!! Some had air turned on and temp. was about 85. Some did not even bother to turn them on. No fans in any restaurants. Get over the notion that food should be kept and served at over 110d or under 50d. Most is room temperature.Pool area is just great. Beach is very nice. Sand is close to being as white as Destin, Fla. There is some seaweed but it is not the type that sticks to you-it is more like straw. They rake it up and clean the beach daylight to dark.Met some really nice people. Two couples from New York and six golfers from Jersey, especially. One of the couples from New York had a problem with their room and were robbed in the process of repairs. If you want it-keep it in the safe.On arriving (3:30 PM) were told room was not ready. Told to go eat and come back. Restaurants were switching from lunch to dinner and took all food away. Scrounged some eats and returned to desk about 4:45. Told room still not ready and to check back in 15 minutes. Checked back-different guy. Told us room had been ready since noon. Got there, luggage was there as well as an extra suitcase. They picked it up about 7. Somewhere between calling for our bags to be picked up for departure and getting on the bus for the airport, two of our suitcases were so destroyed they had to be wrapped in plastic for the airline to accept. Of course the management spoke very little English at this point. Talked to a couple that hated the place so bad they wanted to leave four days early. Not only was their fee not refunded (to be expected) but they were charged $ 150 early checkout fee.Did I say the pool is beautiful? Ice machines everywhere-not a bucket to put it in anywhere. (Ice and water in bars and restaurants is pure) Did not get ill but do not drink tap water. Waiters are not organized. They work so very hard but get nowhere. One good waitress could replace four of them. Some of the landscape money could be well spent on employee training.I DID WAIT TIL I GOT OVER BEING MAD TO WRITE THIS. As I was told, take a sense of humor, and SPF-30.We are very glad this was a free getaway (won contest) not the vacation of a lifetime.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointing Beautiful weather and resort, but food and staff need great improvement. Breakfast and lunch buffets were the same daily with little selection, but we enjoyed 3 out of 5 dinners. You no longer need to make reservations, but arrive early if you want to eat at the Japanese place, which was very good. Beach was nice, but far from the bar and too close to activities and too much boat traffic and fumes. Communication with staff was frustrating. Little relief from the heat so be prepared.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rabenoja
<Content>Good Resort but it could use some work Well my girlfriend and I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical resort for a week, from Oct. 26 to Nov. 2. We are 24 and 25.The hotel is very nice. The lobby is big and looks very elegant. Check in was not a problem and our luggage arrived at our room before us. We actually followed the bell boy to our room. When we arrived and settled in, it was a little after 10pm. We were hungry and since we didn't get too much food to eat on the plane, we went to go get something to eat. We got the run around at all of the restaurants and finally got let into Atables, the international buffet. Point of the story here is to eat early if you can and you won't have any problems. We requested a single bed and they only had double beds. Since it was late we decided to just go to sleep and see if we could change rooms in the morning. Well, we got settled in the room and ended up just pushing the two beds together. It made life simple, plus we were on vacation. No need to get upset about it. The rooms were always clean by the way and our made was very good to us. We left her $2 pretty much every night and she took care of us. The beach is clean and the pools are great. If you are looking to get a tan, no problems here. Like it was mentioned before there are plenty of chairs to lay out on. The non-motorized sports are included, except that if you want to take out a sail boat, then you need insurance for the week. It's $10US and if you don't know how to sail, it's another $15US for a lesson. There is parasailing, snorkeling tours, scuba diving, glassboat tours, and other activities that are all extra. One of them being a ride on a banana boat, an inflated raft that's pulled by a powered boat. That's about $6US per person but, it's fun and it's worth it. IMPORTANT TIP: Make sure you bring goggles or at the very least sunglasses on this ride because you will need them.Right on the beach is an outdoor market, with different vendors selliing souveniers, tobbaco, and liquor. Check it out cuz it's cheaper than the hotel lobby shop and definitely cheaper than the vendors on the resort. We took a trip to Higuey which is about 1 hour away to do our shopping and the beach vendors are just as cheap, if not cheaper. The vendors will give you a price and they expect you to bargain with them. Offer them 50% of their asking price or something reasonable as a place to start. They have american change so, don't worry if you don't want to change your money. The vendors are located like 2 minutes away if you walk to the right. Take a walk up and down the beach and you'll realize that the Melia is one of the best resorts on that beach, if it's not the best resort on the beach.There are no reservations necessary anymore for the a la carte restaurants. They had just changed the rule when we got there. We pretty much tried all of the restaurants and buffets they had. Make sure you try the French, Ma Maison...very good. Oh, they are kinda strict on the dress code for guys. Make sure that the guys have a pair of pants to go to dinner, if you want to eat at the a la carte places. The food is pretty good at the a la carte and the buffet food is pretty much all the same food just in different places. There is a restaurant that you can go to if you want to eat some place different. It's called Captain's Cook and you get a free boat ride over to the restaurant. It's $40US per couple and you can get more info at the tour desks. We didn't get a chance to eat there because we found out about the restaurant too late.Bring money for Excursions or tours. We found that after 3 days of the beach and the pool, we got bored. We did the Macao Crazy Wheels tour, which is a ride on a quad(ATV) to a nearby village. We got to swim at a private beach and do a little off roading with the quads. It's $55US per person but, it was worth it. If you do this trip then, book for the afternoon one. You won't get rushed and the tour guides will give you more time on the beach and to play around on the quads. The other excursions were pretty expensive too, they range from $55US to $110US per person. But if you can't sit in one place for too long, then book one or two tours.Nightlife...there is none. In the Tropical lobby, there is a mini-club called the Fun Pub. Nothing spectacular, mostly spanish music all night and a pool table to hang out around. The casino is pretty small and there is a sports bar in the there too. They had shows every night, but they weren't that great. The entertainment team needs some practice and they didn't perform that great. But, if you wanted to get out of the room it was something different to see. We spoke to some locals and employees, and they told us to go to Mangu. It's a club located in the Flamenco Hotel. Admission is free but, you have to pay for your drinks. Take a taxi over there or find out if you can take a bus. The bus will be significantly cheaper than the taxi but, it depends if there is a bus running at the time. If you do have to take a taxi, it should be less than $10us for up to 4 people. Other than club hopping there isn't too much else to do. A movie theatre or some other activity at night would have been greatly appreciated.During the daytime, take a bus to the local shopping strip. It'll cost $25 pesos or ~$1 US dollars. Plaza Bavaro is the name of the shopping center. Our friends went shoppping there and they said it was pretty good, only that you have to be aggressive about your bargainging when shopping there. If you don't want to go through all that hassle then, just shop at the beach vendors.Check out didn't go as smooth as check-in. We had to check out by 12 noon even though our flight was at 10pm. If you want to have a late check out then it will cost you $10US dollars per hour after 12. We went the night to the front desk the night before we had to check out to tell them we wanted to the late check out. We were told that there were too many people checking in and that a late check out was not possible. We met a couple who was able to get a late check out but, they informed the front desk 2 nights in advance. We were offered the use of a hospitality room to keep our luggage until we left. They will let you shower and use the bathroom if you need to but, make sure you leave yourself plenty of time to get ready. There will probably be a line for the shower an hour or two before you have to leave.Well, all in all, we had a great time. It was relaxing and we found ourselves not wanting to leave on the last day. A few other tips is to bring sunblock and maybe a small portable cd player (unless you don't mind the spanish music every day). I was getting tired of the spanish music at the end of the trip. Tip the employees a few dollars and they will treat you right. Some good drinks to try are memosa (Orange juice and champange) and coco loco (coconut juice, condensed milk, rum, and some cinnamon).  
<Date>Nov 6, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical The Melia Caribe was a dissapointment. Our luggage took over 2 hours to get to our room. The beach and pool were nice. It is an all inclusive and the food and drink were terrible. The restaurants some which need several days advance boking, were barely air conditioned. The restaurants are themed Japan, Mexican, Italian, Seafood etc. we could not get reservations for the Japanese or Seafood restaurants during our 5 day stay. The alcoholic was bottom shelf. The buffet lunches were not good the best meal of the day was breakfast. We were left hungry every day and with no town their was no place to get some real food. I was sick from the drink/food for 3 weeks after I got home. On our last day our check out was late and they left our bags curside for 5 hours when we thought they were locked away.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChampagnePaulie
<Content>A Little Bit of Paradise My husband and I returned home last week after spending 2 great weeks at the Melia Caribe Tropical. Our room was very spacious and clean and the AirCon and ceiling fan had been turned on before our arrival. There are 11 restaurants split between the 2 complexes. You have to book for the Japanese, French, Seafood (Capri) a la carte restaurants, but can queue for the Gourmet a la carte and the Chinese. The other restaurants comprise 2 International, an Italian, a Spanish, a Mexican and the beach. The food is really good. We enjoyed the Japanese so much we booked to go back again a couple of nights later! There are 2 bar areas located off reception which are comfortable and spacious. Check out the Dirty Monkey cocktail!!The beach is beautiful, powdery white sand, fringed with palm trees. There are lots of sun loungers, so you don't have to get up at the crack of dawn and reserve your bed with your towel!! The pools are huge, and again there are more than enough loungers to go around. One tip, when you check in they give you a card which you exchange for your beach towel. If you want two towels, just go to reception and ask for another towel card. Just make sure you hand your towels back at the end of your stay though, or they may charge you $30 per towel.The grounds and gardens are immaculate. Considering that the hotel have only been open a couple of years, the plants and trees look as if they have been there for years. There can't be many hotels where you can feed the peacocks while you have your breakfast. We also fed the mallards who were swimming about on the many pools. The Capitolio where the weddings are performed is very picturesque and there are several flamingoes in the water which surrounds it.For those energetic people out there, there is a gym, a spa, water sport equipment to hire (non-mechanised watersports are free) and the usual beach volleyball, water polo, French boules, water aerobics etc.This hotel had something for everyone, we would certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2002
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Vaca! Wow- where do I start. My boyfriend and I had a wonderful time. We were little skeptical with some of the bad reviews we had read, but we had absolutely nothing to complain. The service was excellent and very friendly. We learned the basic spanish words and it really helped, but most speak a little English at least. The food was excellent especially the Mexican and la Capri. I did not care for the Italian restaurant but my boyfriend liked it. Also, the Japanese was very good but very salty. The pool and grounds were amazing! We took 5 rolls of film. I can't wait to get them developed. We decided to only do two tours- the horseback riding on the beach at sunset and the speed boat/snorkeling tour. They were both definitely worth the money. We spent the other days enjoying the pool and the beach. In talking to several different couples, we did not hear any complaints. Of course, you will always get those uptight, grouchy people who find something to complain about everything. However, we met a couple who has traveled to many islands (Belize, Bermuda, St Croix) and they noted that the Melia Caribe was the most beautiful they have been.We will definitely be going back to the Melia Caribe!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It!! I just got back from spending a few days at the Melia Caribe Tropical. It was very very clean, great food, great drinks and the people who work there were very gracious. It was definitely a five star hotel. What you need to do when you are there is to have a little of patience, things are not as urgent when you are on vacation and the dominican people are very laid back.The pool was always clean and so where all of the bathrooms throughout of the hotel which is a feat because of all of the people that vacation there every day. The rooms are spotless even when you drag sand in your room, the cleaning ladies always get the room spotless by the time you come back after lunch. It was worth every cent I paid and more!Kenia R.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great honeymoon Mt new husband and I went to the Melia Caribe Tropical on our honeymoon and had the best time. The resort is beautiful!!!! The rooms are very nice and the housekeeping staff did a great job keeping them clean. The food was good. Just watch what times you would like to eat as we found there were times of the day that food wasen't always available. We met some great people and had a great time. There are tons of tours and outings to go on. (all extra of course but very worth it) The resort is very large but if you do not want to walk there is the train to take you through the grounds. Be sure to bring sunscreen, toothpaste, immodium.....everything you will need as the gift shop is VERY expensive. The pool is fantastic and the swim up bar was the best. It made relaxing very easy to do. The beach was beautiful... no problem with seaweed here. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Not many of the staff speak english but they were able to figure out what we wanted. It made it fun to talk to the staff. Bottom line ......we had a great time and are definetley going back.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2 Weeks in Paradise Hi Folks !we, me (31 male) and a good boy-friend, where 2 weeks in the Melica Tropical in 2001, 3 days after the horrible 11 Nov. bang in NY. Everything was fine. We arrived and our room was not free, but we moved within 2 minutes into an other with a better view to the sea. :-)The resort ist in a very good conditions. The rooms are quite big and very clean for DR. We met the big boss hotel-manager in one of the bars and we could talk very cool to him. Also it was verys nice to meet not so much other german people. We talked to people from usa, chile, brasilia, peru, argentinien, ... and it was great. The best thing was the catameran drive. We were sitting on a very big catamera and hearing Hotel California from The Eagles und were drinking Cube Libre. That was really gerat. Freedom und Relaxing pur.My tips : try and book some day tours e.g. jeep safari and the catameran tour - it麓s worth !!!!Drinks + Food was very good. We had several times party on the beach with all kind of fresh food. (fruits, fish, meat from grill, whole porks, ...)We never had any problems with this. Also the servcie is very goos. Also try the coconut golf.Greets, SaschaP.S.: Learn some spanish before !!!!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Perfect Wedding Our stay at Melia Caribe Tropical, Punta Cana, was amazing, the food was excllent with a great choice of resturants to choose from , the staff were extremley pleasant and helpful, the pools were clean and had brilliant pool bars to swim up to if you fancied a cocktail or two!! and the beach i have to say is the best beach i have ever seen, very clean and the water clear and warm. What really made our stay at this resort is that we got married there, if you are thinking of getting married aboard and are unsure this is the place to go and get married, very relaxed and organised with a wedding co-ordinator to answer every worry you have, they have a separate place set in a little lake with flamingos surrounding it and you wallk over a little bridge with a band playing and you get married under a beautiful dome with angels painted inside set on white pillars, i arrived at the ceromony in a white horse and carriage, it was a lovley day with all the family and friends lots of champayne and lovely meal after, the weather was perfect along with the gardens for our wedding photos and we are planning to go back for our first wedding aniversary next year!!!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjkaters
<Content>Paradise in a Nutshell Our Vacation was wonderful and could have (should have) been much longer! The rooms were great, the food and drinks were spectacular, golfing was challenging and a lot of fun and the scenery was breath taking! Can't wait to go back! There were many places to curl up in the sun or shade with a good book either by the pool or on the beach. My husband tried the windsurfing and we also used a catamaran for an afternoon. The shows at night were good, some better then others and the 聯Bingo, Bango, Bongo聰 at night was a blast. We managed to find a different restaurant to eat at every night and had reservations spread out for the week to the 3 Reservations only restaurants (Seafood, French and Japanese) the rest are all first come first serve. We never had to wait for a table and usually ate around 7:30 or 8 pm. The food was really good. My husband is a very picky eater and always managed to leave full.The rooms are huge and fully air conditioned. We were in building 15, close to the beach and the pool and about a 10-15 minute walk to the lobby and restaurants. The maid was very creative and would leave us fresh flowers everyday in our room in different arrangements. If you go to Punta Cana, go on the Outback Safari tour. You get to see a little more of the country then just the resort and even get to try out boogie boarding on the Atlantic Ocean! It is $75 US per person but well worth it, the tour guides are a blast and the drinks are non stop!I guess the only negative was that it took them over an hour to get a bell boy to pick up our bags when we were departing. They told us to check out 30 minutes before your departure time and to call 90 minutes before that to get your bags picked up. We called in plenty of time and they told us to call back 30 minutes before we left to check out (it was early morning and we needed to check out at 8:45 am). We called about 45 minutes before we had to leave our room. The half an hour went by and no one showed. My husband went to the lobby to check us out. I waited in the room with the bags. After calling back to the front desk 3 times and my husband talking to them at the desk 2 more times someone finally showed up about 15 minutes before we had to depart! I was told that I didn聮t have to wait in the room but I wasn聮t feeling all that comfortable leaving without knowing that our bags were on their way to the front as well. The bell boy did give me a ride in his truck with our bags to the front so I wouldn聮t be late for our departure. All in all, for a total of 7 days to have this one small inconvenience is not bad at all and would go back in a heartbeat once we pay off this trip!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2002
<Rating>5	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time for a great price We flew in, boarded the bus and arrived at the melia in less then an hour. The check in line was moving very quickly but was disappointed that most people in line failed to follow any kinda line they just seemed to wiggle and squeeze their way to the front. We were at the front of the line and stayed in line but ended up being the second last couple to check in. The grounds, rooms, beach, and pool are fantastic not a complaint. They do a great job of staying on top of the sea-weed problem we heard so much about before leaving. The buffets were great, lots of selection and always kept freshly stocked. The dinner reservation restaurants were excellent. The only complaint was they weren't all open they were alternating nights between them. The satff was very friendly and for the most part understood english. Special thnaks to the maid service for the flowers and extra care given and all that for a small tip every day.The only significant complaint is that the other tourist who were there were terribly rude and left their manners at home. They never said please, thank you, excuse me and worst of all spoke condescendingly to the staff.We had a great time and would go back any time.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe was wonderful! We just returned from a wonderful 7 day trip at Melia Caribe, Punta Cana. For your reference, My wife and I are in the late twenties and thirties age group respectively, and have been to Hyatt's and other Melia's in Aruba, Costa Rica, Grand Cayman, plus other resorts in Bahamas, Maldives, and Cairns in the past 5 years. So, this was not our first trip to tropical beach resorts. We hope the following info would be helpful to both first time and seasoned tropics vacationers.It was our first time to D.R. We booked the vacation before reading all the reviews ( both good and bad ), and even having stayed with Melia hotels for a few times in carribean/central America, we were not really sure what to expect when we headed to the airport 8 days ago. The negative reviews did get us worried. And in the end, everything turned out surprisingly great!Here are the break downs:Airport:Simple, tropical feel with rancho like ceilings. Open design. Has medium size duty free shops, Bar, and fast food outlets. 3 USD for a bottle of Coke, 3 USD for a slice of pizza. You can smoke in the building.When you arrive there, 2 young female staff, dressed in traditional dress, will have your welcoming picture taken right at the entrance, just before immgration. Ladies, be prepared for the photo shoot. My wife wasn't. You get to purchase the picture, around 4 by 6 inches in size for 5 USD at the same airport when you depart.About 20 miniutes to Melia Caribe.Hotel check in:We had no problems what so ever. Our room key cards/towel cards/map and the usuals were all ready at the desk when we arrived. Make sure you ask all you want to ask about the room and hotel when you check in. It will help you plan you stay much better. The friendly staff will answer with pleasure, and , no need to rush. The vibe there is quite laid back, which is fine with us.We then ID'ed our luggage to the bell boy, and went for dinner at the Mexican Buffet restaurant. Our luggage was in the room before we finish dinner.Room:All the rooms there are suites: spacious room with high ceiling, balcony, and living room area with coffee table and 2 club chairs ( single seat sofa ), typical Melia style. Room was clean, and everything was in working order. Ceiling fan tends to shake a bit, but it is only normal for this type, no worries here, unless it does not work. AC was fine. The iron and umbrella were all there. Bottle water and pop in the mini fridge. I requested a pool side room and we got one, right by the pool/club house, 2nd floor.We had no problems with clean towels. Bed sheet /pillow case were fresh. Hotel Complex:Just magnificent! Bring lots of film or memory cards for your cameras/camcorders.It is a rather large hotel. Try to orient yourself with the the site map the first day. To get from the lobby to our room, we usually took the hotel train : a train-on wheels type cart that picks up guests at various stops around the complex. Plenty of lush vegetations, ponds, beautiful gardens around.The lobby is quite nice: open design, high ceiling, lots of wood, wrought iron furnitures, flowing water, ponds, romantic lightings at night.... lots of photo OP's.They also have their own in house photgrapher taking pictures of guests daily. You may choose to purchase the photo's the next day at breakfast.Pool:A very pretty, free form pool, with swim up bar, with center island where you can sun bath and hang out with the young crowd, surrounded by palm trees and gardens, just a few steps from the beach. Has showers and washrooms close by.Beach:Excellent. Fine, white sand ( think Baby Beach/ Aruba, Rum point/Grand Cayman, any resorts in Maldives ) .... I mean white, not sugar brown sand. Melia Caribe/Tropical is situated on part of the Bavaro beach, which is very long and curved. Again lined with plenty of palm trees, there are just miles and miles of it for those who like romantic beach stroll. With the warm sea breeze, it is great for sun tanning there.The ocean is clear, in a crystal light green colour for the shallow area, which can still be up to your chest in depth if you walk out 2 to 3 hundred feet from the shore line.The sand is very soft and fine as well in the ocean, very very few rocks.There are sea weed, but not a problem at all. Not the slimey, long type, the ones floating on the surface occasionally are usually 2 inches long, tooth pick thick, very straight, plastic like, does not stick to your skin. If you want zip to minimal sea weed, head to the Melia Tropical side on the beach, which is between the beach volley ball area and the beach market.The best time to swim, from experience, it's between 1 to 3 o'clock afternoon. The sun is strong that time, but the water is the calmest, and oh so crystal clear!A very very clean beach; the staffs comb it everyday.Topless sun bathing ? You bet. Ladies, just feel free if you want. Nobody will bother you there. In contrast, other local small tour activities marketers push their business, in a friendly way, more around the pool area. Restaurants:The food there is great: fresh ingredients, lots of varieties, from pastas, local various stew dishes, to fresh fish, sea food. If you insist on hot dogs, hambourgers and fries, they do have that available for lunch everyday, but it is not their strong point. My wife and I tend to focus on local and spanish cousine, and these are excellent there. After all, we went there to enjoy and experience new things, and culture. If strict N. American cousine is what you must have daily, then you will miss out a lot, and may be Vegas and Maui will be a better place for you to visit. Our favorite Buffet dinner restaurants are the Mexican one and the Spanish ones. You can bring food back to your room. ( we packed our breakfast for the full day excursion, and the restaurant staff were very helpful! )As for a la carte restaurants ( the ones you have to reserve ), the French one and the Japanese one are fine, nothing spectacular; but still, try them when you are there. Their interior deisgns are nice, bring camera. They have smoking area as well. Did not try Capri, the sea food restaurant.For a la carte restaurants booking, here are the rules we had to follow:we can only book the 3 a la carte restaurants, each once, during our weekly stay. And they tend to get booked up very quickly, as always. Book them as soon as you can ( next to the lobby bar, is the booking table, the guy with a laptop... ). If somehow you don't show up at your reserved time, you just lose your table, that's it. You can just try other restaurants instead, or try them all the same night, if you want.Also, we must understand that the service style there in general is quite laid back. Most of the staffs we met were quite friendly, but for some reason, it takes them a while to get drinks other than water, to you table ( when dinning ). May be it is the restaurant system there. Just remember this, and try to be patient. Dress code for a la carte restaurants: smart casual will be fine for men. During peak hours for dinner, there will be lots of guests waiting for the train, and the car will be full. So if your room is far from the restaurants and you have reservations, it is better for you to walk there from your room, give or take 10 to 20 minutes, in a nice stroll. If it rains a little, there is umbrella in your room which you can bring to the restaurants.In House Activities:Fun, nightly entertainment, starts at 10pm. Friendly staffs go out of their way to entertain. Not pushy for audience participations.Day time activities, plenty. Check with the club house by the pool, where you get your daily beach towels.Try the 4 pm beach front Merengue lesson, it was great fun and a great way to burn those unwanted calories. Merengue is their national dance, why not learn it there.We had no problem getting beach towels everyday.Yes, and the usual Casino is there right by the lobby.... Discotheques:Usually, our fellow young travellers will drink up at the lobby bar or the pub, then head to the disco bars in neighbouring hotels. There were a lot more younger crowds at the less expensive resorts, just a fact.Ask the bar staff or the entertainment staff for more info on this. The locals know how to have a good time there and they will be happy to show you.Shopping:The souvenir shop in the lobby has the usual variety of merchandise, and of course, a bit pricier. If you head out to the beach, turn right , located right by the Melia Tropical beach front, is the beach market, consisting of a few souvenir shops. Have a look first, and don't part with your money yet. Be a bit thick skinned, the sellers can be pushy and aggressive at times. Just say no if you are not ready to buy, remember. Only say yes when you feel comfortable and ready to make any purchase.Now that you have a rough idea of what they have to offer, go to the hotel lobby, get a taxi, or you can share one with other guests, and head to Bavaro plaza, very close to Melia, and they have more souvenir shops there. You can find almost everything, and can bargain as much as you want. Usually you can bargain from 50% to 70% off the list price ( if there is any ).Or you can join a local shopping tour, and shop with other Melia guests. Check with the tour operators, located at the desks across the check in lobby, where you can also find car rental. We had some help and advise from the lovely Mari Lisa of Sunquest tour, and had a great local excursion and paid fairprice when shopping. So, thanks, Mari Lisa.Remember, no ones wants to be ripped off, so try not to rush into buying. Shop around, ask around, and bargain. Most of the shop owners or sellers are reasonable, but there are always a few that are ultra pushy, aggressive, and even with mad attitude ( like one shop owner I encountered there ). Just ignore them and walk away when feeling pressured. Others will always be more than willing to have your business.Excursions:There are various local excursions available and you can book them at the tour operator's desk across from the from desk. They range from full day tour to half day, and the $ is from 75 to 18 USD. We took the full day Saona Island/Chavon river tour, and had a great time sun tanning, site seeing, swimming. The theatre and replica village at Chavon were very nice, lots of pohto op's. Getting to see different parts of the country other than just the resort is always refreshing. Lunch and drinks included. They aslo have Monster 8X8 Jeep Safari tour, and the Kontiki Party Raft boat cruise which a few of our fellow travellers took and enjoyed very much. Quite a few for you to choose from.There were also local tour sellers who hang around the pool area to promote their horseback riding tour or what not. They are friendly, will approach you. And they won't pressure you. But they will be there.Hotel crowd:A great variety, mainly couples of all ages, young family with kids, and some singles; and typical for any Caribbean resorts, the guests are from Germany, Spain, Italy, Belgium, France, USA, Canada, Mexico, Argentina...etc. a lot of the guests spoke Spanish as well.Water:As advised by our tour operator the first day we got here, you should not drink their tap water. There were bottle water, along with pop, in our in room mini fridge, and you can also get bottle water from any bar in Melia. The water and ice at their restaurants are fine as they have been treated for in take.We used bottle water to brush/rinse our teeth and experienced no sickness during our stay, and we know guests have gotten got sick in DR before. So, be cautious.Tipping:You don't have to and the staffs don't push for it nor expect it, but just a dollar per meal can go a long way. I usually tip our waitress 1 US after meal, and she will remember you next time she sees you, even in a different restaurant. You will surely have your drinks faster. After all, they are freindly, hard working people, as you will see. And they really appreciate it when you tip. Again it is at your disgression. Conclusion:You will no doubt have a great time there. Bring sun block, the sun is very strong. SPF 30 is higly advised. Bring insect repellant for your skin, if you wear shorts or tank top in the evening. Ladies should spray their ankles at night if they wear dress for dinner. It is normal to have mosquito in such lush, natural setting. And it is perfectly normal to have rain there, short occasional showers. There were a few evening ones during our stay, didn't cause problem.Try to learn more about DR's climate before you book your trip. A few couples from our trip complained about the hot humid weather. You have to understand that the way it is hot there is not the same way as in L.A., NYC, or Toronto. Knowing just sunny and hot is not enough to prepare you for a good Caribbean trip.Ask your travel agent for climate info on DR. It is best for you to know when is their rain season, hurricane season. Temperatures and humidity do change slightly there during the year and they do make a difference.Be prepared, and you will have a great, relaxing, and romantic time at Melia Craibe. Hope you enjoy Melia and Punta Cana as much as we did.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Phone Cards-Sales in the resort The resort is beautiful and the employees are very helpful. We were told that you can use phone cards with a small connection fee for each call. They ended up charging us for each minute thru the resort plus the minutes used on our card. When we called the 800 card number we got a Spanish message and all we could understand was to dial 880 with our card number and that got us right thru. What we didn't hear or understand was that a charge per minute would be added. This is a rip off and is controlled by the resort. The manager agrued with us until our bus was leaving and we ended up paying half of the bill. Also the resort allows some local people to set up tables in their lobby to sell you jewelry, cigars and such. They are very annoying and get upset if you don't buy something from them. My wife and I were just walking by and were looking and a man would not let us leave or look at another table. Don't get me wrong we could of just left, but he was very persistant and controlling. Made me very uncomfortable for being at a luxury resort and on vacation. Not good. Except for these problems which I would never expect from such a place the vacation was great. Gary  
<Date>Oct 3, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe Tropical Everything I wanted My Husband and I went to Punta Cana the second week in September, 2002. We were scared to death after we read those horrible reviews about the Melia Caribe Tropical. Well we went with the intentions of the worst and we GOT THE BEST OF EVERYTHING!!!. Our room was always clean, ALL of the food we ate was wonderful. We realized that we were in a foreign country so we tried to speak spanish and found that the staff would help us with our language when the realized that we were really giving it a try. The Activites staff was wonderful and very friendly. There is always something going on either at the pool or the beach. Exercise, dance lessons, volley ball, beach olympics, sumo wrestling, etc. These guys are CRAZY!! They will make you laugh at anything. Melvin, Charlie and Mini are the best. Tell Oscar at the pool bar we said hello!!!You have to be nice in order to be treated nice. I think it was my grandmother who told me, Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. If you are hateful and snobby and demanding sure you are going to be treated like an outsider. But if you are nice, patient and try to understand their way of life you will be treaty like ROYALTY!! WE WERE!!! Can't wait to go back next year.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a fabulous time We were fortunate enough to have been able to visit the Melia in December of 2001. We went for one week and had an amazing time. The grounds were beautiful and very well maintained, the service was quick and efficient, the food was always great with lots of variety, and the pools and beach were of course the highlight of our vacation.We recently went to an all inclusive resort in Mexico and found the Melia far better. We would highly recommend the Melia for your next vacation.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe/Tropical in Punta Cana - AN HONEST REVIEW First off, this review is meant to help those thinking of taking a vacation here, so I am not going to go on forever and ever the way other people do complaining about lost wedding rings, 3 hour check-in times, no towels, their getting sick, etc. (I didn't need to read for 2 paragraphs how some people were bed-ridden with stomach problems - a simple 'I got sick' would have sufficed!) Every vacation has its share of problems, none of which happen to every person. So read on if you want an honest opinion of a great vacation spot.The Melia Caribe/Tropical is an all-inclusive resort which is moderately priced, and you are getting exactly what you pay for - and this is a good thing, not bad. People going to the Dominican Republic expecting a vacation like Bora Bora are ridiculous. The Melia is a beautiful resort with friendly people and great food, and at the same time saving you thousands on an otherwise expensive trip to the Carribean.First off, when arriving at the Melia, immediately make reservations for the restaurants other than the buffets. It is understood that reservation can go quickly when a resort holds so many people, but we were able to get into all the ones of our choices. The restaurants, while mostly an 'interpretation' of what the Dominicans believe is themed food, is tasty. By this I mean, if you go to the Chinese restaurant and order Sweet  Sour chicken, it may not be the same taste and style as you may be accustomed to. But nonetheless, the restaurants and buffets were all fine - the Mexican buffet was especially delicious. Any drinks ordered on the grounds were all top shelf, and never watered down. Even the pool bar gave great drinks.The grounds are beautifully kept, and the pools were clean and the perfect temperature. With plenty of seating areas around the pool, you will have plenty of time to take in some sun. Seats are harder to come by on the beach, so if this is your fancy, get there early in the morning.The Melia is a huge resort. Depending on where your room is, you may be in for a distance-shock depending on where you want to go. For instance, our room was right near the beach and pool, but was on the complete opposite end of the restaurants and lobby. You can either walk it, which would be a 15-20 minute walk, or you can take the provided tram service which runs all day and all night long. Sometimes a walk is preferred due to the gorgeous weather, but it is comforting to know that there is a tram service when you are tired after a long day.The rooms were clean, with TV, A/C, and free mini bar, complete with bottled water that you must use rather than the tap water, which is fine. I never had a problem having a fresh stock of water every day when the room was cleaned.There was never any real reason to leave the resort. There were some included water sports, such as snorkling and paddle boats, and for small charges you can go scuba diving and wind surfing. There are activities at night in the lobby areas, including shows and the like. There are even traveling shops to buy all your souveniers - just remember never to accept the offer they initially come up with - they are all hagglers there. If you want a statue that costs $50 in their mind (after they do their little calculations on their pocket calculator), offer them half of that or even less and threaten to leave without nothing, and 9 out of 10 times they will give it to you for your price, not theirs.Bottom line, you are getting what you pay for, and then some. For a price much cheaper than going to Aruba or Puerto Rico, you are getting a beautiful resort with great beaches and pools, good service, and a relaxing environment. If you are one of those people like these reviewers who complain that EVERYONE doesn't speak English, well then maybe this isn't the place for you - this is a completely different country. English is NOT the native language, but non-Spanish speaking people can stil have a great time at a wonderful resort.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Caribe/Tropical - Good vacation for the money! We vacationed at the Melia Caribe/Tropical in Punta Cana during the last week of Aug 2002. I had read many reviews and had mixed feelings going in. Many had said that checking in was a nightmare. We had used frequent flyer miles to get there so check in was not a problem - in and out in 5 minutes. However, if you book your vacation using a charter flight arriving with several other guests, check in will be much longer. Dinner reservations are as other said - must be made asap in order to get in the restaurants. Ma Maison, a French restaurant, is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at in my life. The escargot and lobster thermidor is wonderful. Also, the Japanese restaurant is very good. The buffets are just that - buffet food. While the buffets are not as good as other hotels I've been to, the reservation restaurants were much better than expected. The grounds of the hotel are beautiful - they are maintained on a daily basis. And since the hotel is so large, you must be able to walk a little just to be able to get to a restaurant. The hotel is divided into 2 sections with a restaurant row being in between both. The walkways are very slippery if it rains making it difficult to walk to dinner in heels. Everyone was more than friendly to Americans. However, you should at least make an attempt to communicate in some small way in Spanish. They appreciate that. The only negatives that we had during the week - we both became sick on the last day but it rained all day anyway. We believe it was the salmon we ate b/c we had eaten the exact same meal during the week previously with the exception of adding salmon. But of course, we can't be positive - it may have been b/c we used a lot of ice in our drinks (probably not made from bottled water). Should you want to get money from the bank, you will receive Dominican Pesos instead of American Dollars, making it difficult to get rid of the pesos without spending them should you need the money right before you leave the country. The et chips for the pesos then cash out into American dollars). And the last thing worth mentioning is that our toilet broke 3 different days while we were there. While they were timely the first time to fix it, they never returned. We fixed it the second time but from then on, we had to reach into the tank to flush it. On the last night we were there, it started leaking from the bottom onto the floor. While this seems to be a major inconvenience, it was not really that bad. And for the money that we spent, the vacation was well worth it. Things to keep in mind: you are visiting basically a 3rd world country. The area outside the resort is just like any other island - peddlers are everywhere. Most are poor but haggling on prices is expected. Learn a few Spanish phrases before you go if you do not know any. And remember to smile - it is a very fun island, you are on vacation - if you expect everything to be perfect, you may be disappointed - but if you expect the overall experience to be enjoyable without analyzing every little situation, you will be very pleased.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>imcookoobird
<Content>Great Vacation....Beautiful Location and Staff.. My friends and I (all single girls..ages 23-35) had the best time at this hotel..there are a dozen restaurants both a la carte and buffet style. the themed restaurants you have to make reservations for so be sure you do it bright and early..because they book up fast..the hotel staff was awesome we partied with them all week and they took us to a fabulous niteclub at the Flaminco hotel Bravo..i forget the name of the club but it was in this hotel. go dressy or causual but it had more of a singles vibe to it although there were some couples..but it is the best club. Sammy is the jewelery trader on the beach right next to the hotel. He'll hook you up if you bargain with him..don't rent a taxi or take a look outside the hotel for bracelets and stuff because Sammy has nicer stuff and he won't rip you off like they do. it's really poor outside the hotel areas so be careful. BRING 2-3 CANS OF OFF BUG REPELLENT!! you will go through a can a person. if you don't you'll get eaten alive. bring SUNBLOCK!! THEY WILL CHARGE YOU 15.00 USD FOR THE CAN OF OFF AND AT LEAST 10.00 USD FOR THE SUNBLOCK..I am italian and tan very well and i was black because i never went lower than 23 spf on my face and 12 on my body. i started with 30 spf all over.there is horseback riding and everything you want on the property no need to go elsewhere. THE RESORT IS VERY MUCH FOR COUPLES!! we had a hard time being like the only single girls there. go to santo domingo if your looking for a singles vibe..if you want to relax then go here. the hotel and staff were beautiful and wonderful..i rate this a true 6 star hotel because everything from the rooms to dinner was perfect. the only complaint i have is that it took a whole day to get our luggage from the lobby. we made it to dinner barely that nite. so if you want to hit the beach right away either wear your bathing suit or pack it in a seperate bag and take it with you to the room and change. your luggage will take at least 4-5 hours to catch up with you from best service ever..hope this helps email me with any questions..  
<Date>Sep 17, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Melia Tropical -one of the best vactions! I spent a few fantastic days at the Melia (Aug.28-31) and was greatly impressed with the beauty of the grounds, the cleanliness of the room and facilities and the pleasant people who worked there. The all inclusive package is certainly the way to go and takes the stress off you (no tipping, carrying cash, etc). Some people complained about seaweed being washed on the beach, but I watched the workers raking the beach daily and removing the seaweed. The food was usually very good, some fair, but with so much to choose from, there was no reason to complain. One comment: Get a few live Salsa/Merengue bands instead of the recorded dance music. I have recommended this resort to a half dozen peole already! I'd love to return!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Didn't live up to my expectation. My boyfriend and I went to DR July 30-Aug 7 and stayed at Melia Tropical. The lobby, ground, restaurants, and room are huge and beautiful. The food at the a la carte restaurants are good, but the buffets, depending on the time of the day, could be very bad. Since there's no air conditioning, overheating is the only way to prevent the food from spoiling, understandable but not very appetizing. The drinks are very good. The beach is great, some seaweed, but not enough to bother me. Make sure to take advantage of the free water equipments they offer by the beach. The pool are a lot of fun, especially the fountain in the middle and the pool side bar (how very convenience). Several must have: Imodium AD, bug repellent, sun block with SPF 30, and snorkeling gear. Reasons: Imodium AD - I got sick the second day, 2 pills later I am fine, end of story... bug repellent - tropical region = bugs... sun block - when out for 1 day with out sun block, got burned in 2 hours... snorkeling gear - you can see little fishing at the beach... some of the items are more for prevention than necessity, but it's always nice to go on a vacation prepare than sorry right...  
<Date>Aug 27, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Disappointed We arrived at Melia Caribe Tropical on 6/24/02. When we arrived at approx. 12:00 noon, we were told that we could not get into our rooms until 3:00pm, but that we could change into our bathing suits, head down to the pool, and our luggage would be placed in a secure room. They tagged our luggage and we went to the pool. At 5:15pm, we returned to the check-in counter to get room keys only to find that our luggage was still sitting at curbside unattended where it had been left over 5 hours ago. When we got to the room, we only had one bed in a room that was booked for 2 adults and 2 children. I had to call the front desk, and I was told that a cot would be brought over. 2 hours later, after we returned from dinner, they had not delivered the cot yet. I had to place a 2nd call. The next morning, when I took a shower, I found that no soap had been left in the room, and there were not enough bath towels for everyone in the room. There were never enough towels left in the room the entire week. Sometimes the maid would leave a hand towel, and sometimes not, and we did not see a washcloth the entire week.The resort was beautiful, but too large. It was about a 15 min. walk from our room to the pool/beach area. On one day, our kids slept late, and missed breakfast. I took my 8 yr. old down to see if I could get her something to eat. They were cleaning up and getting ready for lunch. When I explained the situation, and asked if they could get her a roll or something to tide her over until lunch, the only reply I got was that everything was put away. After asking several times, and finally threatening to go into the kitchen myself if they didn't help me (After all, when you pay over $3000.00 for an all-inclusive resort, getting a roll for a hungry child is not too unreasonable request I think), they still would not get her anything. I walked into the kitchen, and when I walked through the door, there were 2 large bins full of rolls just inside the door. I grabbed a couple of them, and walked out amidst the workers yelling at me in Spanish. On the last day of our vacation, the maid stole my wifes engagement ring and wedding ring (we were in a rush that morning, and she mistakenly left them on the counter by the sink in the bathroom). The rings were never recovered, and although the hotel staff acted like they were doing everything they could to help me, now that I'm gone, I can't even get them to help me get a copy of the police report (I don't speak Spanish, and no one in the police staion speaks English). I will never go back to the Dominican Republic, and that decision was made before the rings were stolen.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>melia Caribe - The Ultimate all inclusive resort The melia caribe hotel is the best hotel i have ever been to, the rooms are spacious and well kept. The pool is gorgeous and large enough to make u feel unclaustraphobic even at the busiest of times. The sun chairs in the shade are a brilliant idea for when you want some alone time, or just a break from the scorching sun. Unlike most other all inclusive resorts i hav been to the staff were not pushing you into activities if you did not want to do them, the choice was there. The restaraunt staff were extremely quick and efficient and allways smart, they dealt with our every need. The food was amazing, a great variety to suit all needs. The themed restaurants were all amazing, it allmost felt as if you were eating i that other country. The train service around the hotel was nnormally on time, and the maps carefully placed around the hotel helped incase you got lost in this huge resort. There were men on the beach every morning at 6 to clear away the seaweed so the beach was nice. Altogether this hotel more than deserves its five star rating, and my family and i will be rturning next summer to enjoy it again!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>not a vacation, but agrevation The grounds and the hotel are beautiful! The beach was nice except there was sea weed all over the place. I thought the food was terrible except for the Mexican restaurant. The staff in the hotel does not speak any English. Not only that, I spoke to other people around the resort and a girl had her jeans stolen and another kid had his basketball jerseys stolen right out of the room, and to top that me and my girlfriend had $700 stolen right out of the safe in our room. Housekeeping went through the luggage and found the key to the safe which was hidden in the luggage and stole the money. Hotel denies!!!! Hotel has keyless entry that logs who was in room and proved housekeeping was in the room. Hotel manager gave us the run around for two days until just before we had to get on the bus to leave and told me pretty much that we were beat. He also called me a liar and said that I never told him any of the info that I had gave him. This was the worst vacation I ever went on.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not the vacation spot you would expect!!! The grounds and the hotel are beautiful! However, the food was horrible - lost 6 lbs. Had to go to McDonalds as soon as we got off the plane. Staff in hotel does not speak any English. Not only that, but one of the people in my party had $700 stolen right out of the safe in room. Housekeeping went through the luggage and found the key to the safe which was hidden in the luggage and stole the money. Hotel denies!!!!Hotel has keyless entry that logs who was in room and proved housekeeping was in the room. Hotel manager gave the run a round for two days until just before we had to get on the bus to leave and totally denied and re-wrote statement that was given to head of hotel.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Go with patience My 11 years old daughter and I (Mom) went to the Melia Caribe Tropicale Aug. 3-10th, 2002. I learned alot about patience...when you get there go ahead and ask for your safe key and remote...we had to go back later and noone offered us this info. Also, make your resterant reservation asap..and they don't tell you all your options...there's an outdoor BBQ that wasn't even offered to us. We thought the food was terrible ...if anything the buffets were the best...at least you could find something you liked. The Mexican buffet was great. The Chinese dinner was good also..the Italian was awful. The grounds and views were wonderful...the pool was neat with the swim-up bar. We thought the sea-life was great also..saw huge starfish, stingray, blowfish, flying fish, sea snakes (yes in ankle-deep H2O) but the kids had a wonderful time just snorkeling right off the beach. My daughter meet a friend and they hung out alot while the parents got a book or two read. They would get hungry and just go over to the beach resterant and we didn't have any worries.Our suite was great..except for the minute ants! And they don't believe in wash clothes!! We had to ask for face towels. I also found that they in general were pretty rude if you didn't speak Spanish. We know none! The transportation of the train was great...every 15 minutes and it really wasn't that far. Just too hot to walk. Just remember there are 2 separate lobbies!!! You have to make yourself clear which one you are at!!! Upon checking out..our luggage was taken to the Caribe lobby and we were at the Tropicale! Makes sense that if you are staying at one, take it to that lobby. We found it to be very unorganized for a 5 star resort!!!! for any star resort!!!! They need to let you make reservations over the phone at your convience and be more appealing to Americans. Another tip..keep your beach towels and just let them dry on the patio or balcony...they run out of beach towels every day. I think we actually lost weight on this trip. The food was awful!!!!! in general...no snacks to just munch on during the day.Won't go back!!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wonderful...Didn't want to come home!!! I just returned from D.R.. My family stayed July 29th till August 5th. I've read all the reviews before going and was a bit afraid. The only disappointment I had was that I had to return to New Jersey.The hotel was beautiful! It is very large, so be prepared to walk. There is a trolley that provides transportation every 15 minutes. Beware that there are 2 lobbies...the Caribe and the Tropical. The casino is in the Caribe. The game room and Fun Pub(teenager dico)is in the Tropical. There are shows every night in each lobby. The shows were fun...alot of audience participation. The food at the buffets were ok. There is something to please everybody. We ate at 3 a la carte restaurants...La Gondola(italian), Ma Maison(french) and Japanese. The Italian wasn't that great bit the others were good. My son didn't care for the shrimp in the Italian...it was whole shrimp, heads and all.The rooms were nice. We had 2 rooms in bldg 2, which is right by the pool and beach and in front of a trolley stop. No problem with towels, a.c. or the maids.The beach is beautiful! You can actually see the bottom. There is seaweed, but not too much to prevent you from going in to the water. There are vendors on the beach, not related to the hotel. You can haggle with the price. They are cheaper than the gift shop, but it can be annoying. There were not that many topless bathers, maybe more on the Caribe side. My 7 yo son was disappointed.My children took a camel ride on the beach. My 15 yo daughter enjoyed the beach activities...this is where we learned the merengue.The pool is great. There is a swim up bar and jacuzzi. Just relax in the jacuzzi with your tropical drink!!! Don't forget your sunscreen, the sun can be wicked. My son enjoyed the pool the most, due the activities... especially the painting(there is a fee for this activity).No problems with the staff. English was not a big problem. There were a variety of travelers...France, England, Portugal, German and USA.If your going to do tours we did Bavaro Splash which was alot of fun. The crew was great and really helped my 7 yo have a memorable experience. We also did the Santo Domingo tour, alot of walking. I'm glad I didn't bring my kids on that one.The only people we heard complaining about the hotel were fellow Americans. They were complaining about petty stuff. I didn't want to hear it, because my family was having a great time. It really is not worth getting upset over small and minor incidences. I went on vacation to get away from that.I traveled with my husband, 2 children(15 yo daughter7 yo son) and my mom. We all had a great time and thought that 8 days were too short.My kids are already bugging me to go back! It truly is a wonderful place. The grounds are breath taking. Like I said, our only complaint about our stay at the Melia Caribe Tropical, was that we had to come home.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bliss on the Beach Just returned from a week at Melia Caribe. EVERYTHING was delightful. The room was what we had requested, the staff knocked themselves out to please us, the food was very good and the beach is breathtaking. While there were some ugly Americans whining about this and that, generally the international crowd were happy campers. I was slightly worried prior to going because of some of the negative reviews posted here and at other sites but after seeing the place and people, I can only suggest that those folks would be unhappy anywhere and should stay in the North East or go to Las Vegas and be with their own kind. I will be going back!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A lot Less Than Expected I just returned from a week's vacation at Melia Caribe Tropical (7/12 - 7/19/02) and I must say I was less than pleased. I had read all of the web reviews and researched the hotel well. When I got there, I was less than pleased. When I booked my vacation I requested a 2nd floor (poolview) room. I received a 1st floor room that was dirty and dimly lit. I requested a room change which took about 2 hours to accomodate. I will say that the pool was absolutely beautiful and very well kept. The beach, however, was full of seaweed all the time. I was under the impression that I was in for a fun-filled vacation. While there were some activities it was less than expected. There were no motorized watersports. The nightlife is non-existent. There are two shows per night at each hotel but they only last for an hour (10-11) and then there is only the casino. MEN BEWARE: The dress code is ever changing. You must were shirts with sleeves (short) and pants at night even though it was practically 100 degrees. Additionally, the casion is small with approx. 10 tables and 15 slot machines then again, you're not in Vegas. Other than these few options there is nothing to do at night. The food, well that is another story. I don't think that I had one good meal the entire trip. I am a person who loves nutrition and health food but I was ready for McDonalds and Burger King buy the second night. Plain pizza had corn on it and the seafood was less than desirable. Everyone was getting sick and we couldn't pinpoint it on any one thing. Getting reservations for any of the reservation restaurants was a nightmare. We arrived on a Friday and the restaurants were already booked through the following saturday. We did manage to get a reservation (after a lot of pleading) at the italian restaurant. We were there for approximately 2 hours and there were dozens of empty tables. So much for booked. The food wasn't great either. The meat was undercooked and the pasta very rubbery. I had nemed to be the way they prepare it. Overall, I would say that the atmosphere was pleasing (if you can handle the heat) but the service and food left much to be desired. I have been to many places in the carribean and I would definately not go back. If I did, I would definately NOT STAY HERE again. Everyone on my plane and bus rides had similar experiences with the hotel and staff. The were less than helpful. Oh, I almost forgot, they don't bring you clean towels daily either, you have to ask for them - a lesson I learned the first night when I took a shower before bed and got some of my eye makeup on one of the towels. I put the towel on the floor to soak up some of the excess water and then left it neatly with the other pile of dirty towels for the maid. To my shock and dismay, the next day, the towel had been returned folded back on the rack. I knew it was the same towel due to the eye makeup. I was horrified.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Melia?... you pay and ...overbooked! Me, my husband and my daughter flied to Punta Cana on the 23th July 2002. We had booked and paid a seven nights vacation at the Melia but guess what happened to us, and a lot more people that had done the same, at our arrival at Punta Cana?The local travel agent and a member of the Public relations of Melia, Mr. Rodrigo Padilla, came to speak to us ( only 7 of us, us included, but not to the others, to them they only spoke long hours after)and told us that unfortunately the hotel had a problem of overbooking and we had to be placed somewhere else, The Catalonia Bavaro ( which was quite good ).Incredible,isn't it? but it's true!The point here is that we paid for something that we didn't get, it's like when you paid for a certain car and when you pick it up they give you another one. Maybe the cost is the same, maybe the quality is the same, or even better, but we are not talking about money, we're talking about what you bought and what they gave you.There was no point in going on arguing with Mr. Padilla, we wanted to enjoy our vacation and we would talk about this matter when we would be back in Portugal, so we left for the Catalonia.But the story doesn't end up here ...Two days later we asked our travel agent in catalonia - Domintour - to book us a visit to Santo Domingo and she said we didn't have to pay anything because Melia was going to pay for it. The next day we got there again to collect the tickets, and guess what? melia had written a letter for us to sign where they apologized for what had happened ( but at the same time it said that it were us who asked for the letter) and they intennded to pay us the visit if we agreed to free them for all the inconvenience of having to stay in another hotel and in no way we would blame them for what had happened! Of course that none of the Portuguese in the same situation signed any letter or even accepted their free excursion. Melia was disgusting !As a conclusion, we didn't stay at the Melia and we will NEVER stay at any M茅lia. They should be ashamed of their behaviour:Alexandra SampaioPs. - As far as we got to know it's their usual pratice to work overbokoed it is said they worked with a 110% booking ...  
<Date>Aug 2, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>"ironing out the wrinkles" I have alway been taught to start with something positve. The grounds of the Melia are fabulous. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen. The food served at the buffets was delicious. Unfortunately, the food at the one a la carte restuarant that we could get a reservation was horrible. Stay away from the Chinese restuarant! Here is a hint , before you even go to your room decide which restuarant you want to eat at and make reservations, otherwise it will be booked by the time you want to eat there and your trip will be over. I highly reccommend the Mexican restuarant. Moving right along and onto the room. The room without and iron that is! We waited for 24 hours before someone brought us an iron. In the meantime the guest next door was kind enough to let us borrow theres. I thought this was an isolated incident. No! I spoke to several other guest. Not one of them had an iron in there room upon arrival. Oh, that won't be the only thing that you will be missing. Oh yes there is more! Make sure you pick up your safe key and remote control from the front desk upon check in. It will not be in room waiting for you! However, it might be difficult to remember that given that tha actual check line will be ridiculous. Bring you patience with you. Clearly , I almost lost mine! I was lucky enough to be with a very mild mannered man who tried to keep me calm.Next, it is vey hot and humid which could be why our room had a damp feel to it accompanied by that same damp smell. That same smell was deeply enbedded in the sheets. Bring yourown! Oh, lets not forget to mention the unique electrical wiring where the one switch might turn all or some of the lights on or off. They seem to have had good intentions with the light but poor work, especially when after you wait 24 hours for iron it takes you another hour to realize that it will only work if the bath room light is on. By the way I was ironing in the living area, those switches should not have anything to do with one another. I have to mention something about the little bugs that seem to like damp humid places. They didn't bother us but they did like to just kind of hang out on the wall. Last, and I hope this was an isolated incident, our ceiling fan was broken. My boyfriend turned it on and instantly yelled for me to move because it looked as it it could drop from the ceiling at anytime. The repair man came out but could not fix it. Surprise, Surprise. We asked for another room ,but of course they were booked solid. I know it sounds like a horrible experience but all in all we had a great time because we were able to laugh about. However, everyone won't be able to enjoy the humor in the above situations. Everything at the Melia was just a little off to the left Here are some suggestions for both the Melia management and trouble shooting for guest.1. Each room should be checked for any problems before guest check in. ( what a great idea !)2 The safe key, remote, and iron should stay in the room. If they are afraid of theft they can use those telephone like cords for the remote and iron. I can't imagine anyone wanting to steal a safe key. What exactly would they do with it???3. Make your dinner resevations early or the Melia could at least let you know what is going to available during your stay. Personally, I feel it should all be available during your stay. Isn't that the all in all inclusive?4. Hire more english speaking workers. The American dollar is greatly appreciated, lets speak more of the english language! Make the english speaking guest more comfortable while spending there american dollar!5. Bring your walking shoes. There is a shuttle but it is very slow. You could be approximately 1/2 mile away from the restuarant of your liking or even the beach.6. My last comment is that the Melia is a beatiful place, whichfor us made up for some of it's other downfalls! . They need to improve their service and iron out the wrinkles of the establishment. It has the potential to be an exceptions place, unfortuately ,it is only just nice! Without an extremely healthy sense of humor and a great traveling companion we might not be able to say that!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>"Great Trip" July 19th-26thMy boyfriend and I just got back from Melia Caribe Tropical and had a great time. Our room was on the Caribe side which was really great for us, since the Tropical side was more geared towards kids. At first, we were skeptical about this hotel because of all the reviews, but we picked up and went anyway and we are really glad we didnt listen to the reviews and saw it for ourselves. The staff was very nice and we hardly spoke much spanish but the little that we knew helped a lot. The best way to communicate is to be nice and patient and you will get the best service. We had a problem with our remote control and we simply asked for a new one and got one right away. The grounds and pool were amazing and our suite was a minute from the beach. Everything was very clean and immaculate. As far as food goes, you can't expect gourmet food in the Caribbean, but it was still good. We highly recommend the Mexican and Japanese restaurants and the buffets were all good. Make sure to make reservations first thing when you arrive or later that day and make sure to book your tours early so you get what you want. It is just like any other all-inclusive. We went parasailing and did the speed-boat/snorkeling tour which was very fun. We highly recommend this hotel and we are looking to even book the Melia in Cancun or Puerto Vallarta.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vacationing at the Melia? Think again! The Melia Caribe, being a 5-star hotel, has very poor service and over-rated food. There's not much to do during the day and no night entertainment that is worth watching. Clubs are practically dead and the resort is extremely large which makes it a bit inconvenient.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Awesome! My husband and I spent full wonderful 8 Days in Melia Tropical in May of 2001. We loved It ! Here are some idea's to make it fun....1. Take lot's of sun screen and a little bottle of vingar for sun burns. The sun is very strong and will make you sick and give you sun poison. Stay out of the sun between 12- 2:00pm the strongest time. Go for tours or do activities during this time or a nice nap.2. Reserve with your Travel Agency the Restaurants you want to eat at, before you get there. Your Name will be on the list and you can be seated at any time.3. Learn a little spanish, The hotel staff will treat you much better because it shows your making an effort to learn their language. This is their country show them pride, don't treat them like slaves. Take a spanish dict with you and leave notes for house keeping about clean towels...etc and leave a dollar or two. You'll even get candy before you go to sleep on your pillow. 4. Have your Travel Agent the night before confirm your rooms and give you a slip with all the information of who, when, where, what you do when you get there and have the room# on it, this will help the staff know where your coming from and make sure you request a pool side room.5. You need a room Package before you leave to your room it will include the remote, key pass to room , 2 towel cards, safety deposit box key. You will aslo get a map of the area. Ask the bag boy to wait for you, hand him $2.00. He will show you the restrooms the pool, the bar..etc before you get to your room. Ask him to check your room before he leaves so he can see that things aren't working ( We never had a problem, the showers were clean, the ref was stocked with drinks,the A.C worked , the room was beautiful.) 6. TIP, Please People ! One dollar or Two can make a big difference for your whole vacation. The workers will go out of their way to treat you like Kings and Queens. You waste that on a Starbuck Coffee..to them it's like getting a new pair of shoes. Ask the Front Desk Service what time does the desk for Towels open, find out where it's located and be there bright and early. Get to know the person behind the counter by first name ...leave him $2.00 he will reserve towels for you everyday so you won't have the problem of running out. American's on an average spend $20- $30.00 on crap. I understand it's All Inclusive , that $20.00- $30.00 for the week will take you a long way. Your being kind and genourous and that to them is a gesture that you care about the work their doing. They work hard, but a nice Thank you will make them work harder.7. All the Bartenders and servers are wonderful ! Let them know how you like it , strong or light from the start...at the end of the day don't forget the $2.00 for them. I promise you, you will be served at your beach chair. You have to realize, it's a poor country and they don't make alot of money busting thier butt's!!! So when they do get that one or two guest that give them a tip here and there there gonna work hard for you.8. Bring your own stuff....Like medicine, aloe vera, film for the camera, underwater camera, for women, tampons and pads,..Yes, the shops are quite expensive. Use them for a real emergency ! Wait to go out to the shops out of the resort with others of course not alone!!!! The fairs have things much cheaper, don't be afraid to haggle. Carry American money with you and learn the currency so they give you back the correct change in thier money. Take a small pouch with you so your key card  money fit. That's all you should carry. 9. Use your safe in the closet. Lock your jewlery and money or items purchased. ( we had alot of stuff and nothing was ever touched or taken) In fact at the end of our vacation we gave the cleaning lady's the shampoo and condition the soaps we had, sandels I had gotten for $5.00, a top that was stained from the clorine of the pool, she was so excited it was like we handed her $100.00 dollars.10. Ask your Travel agent about dress codes...we follow them here for fine Rest. why not there ? Take a pair of nice slaks or dress shorts for the men with a pair of casual shoes. Girls we can get away with anything, just add a pair of heels and make-up. By asking your agent these questions before you get there will avoid the stress and anger.11. Drink bottled water. The avoids you getting sick. We loved our vacation ! We are going back in August of this year for 8 days and cannot wait and were taking two other couples with us. The Resort is breathtaking, the rooms are great..( and anyway you don't spend the whole week in there so if one thing is wrong so what...How many things in our home are still waiting to be fix ??? ) Ok, yes A.C will be a problem but speak to them and they will get it resolved and if not get the manager to come to the room..track him down, there is always one person in charge to make a descion. The food was great ! If you don't want buffet then don't do the all inculsive ! There were 7 different Rest to choose from, we chosse 4 out of the seven...so we did the 4 ! WE LOVED IT! The shows at night are funny, you can be apart of the entertainment, the bar/dance floor/pool table is alot of fun and open till 3:30am. The bars won't close until you leave they will serve you untill your ready to go. The Casino's are ok,...Don't go looking for Atlantic City TaJ Mahal!! There small and your time passes having fun. ENJOY ! ENJOY! Your On Vacation don't make yourself worry about stupid little things! I'll write again with my next review after I get back and let you know if I felt the same. Goodluck! Hint: Attitude is Everything!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beautiful Beach, Terrible Service My boyfriend and I just returned from a trip to the Melia Caribe Tropical from 6/28-7/4. The first day was a nightmare. We were originally supposed to arrive at the hotel around noon, however, our original flight was canceled and half our luggage was lost, etc., so we didn't get to the resort until 8 p.m. Of course this was not the resort's fault, but you can imagine all we wanted to do was check-in, shower and eat dinner. Because we were supposed to be there at noon and it was now 8 p.m., we figured our room was definitely ready for us.The check-in line only had two people in front of us, but it took forever. Finally, after checking in, we were given our keys, towel passes, a remote control? (why don't they just leave those in the room) and a safe key. The lady said to take our luggage to the porters and do not be alarmed if they don't deliver them immediately, they will eventually arrive. This made me a little skeptical, as the airline had already lost some of our luggage. She did not give us clear instructions on how to find the rooms, but at least she spoke English. We made our way to the porters and none of them spoke any English, which made things difficult. As we were trying to tell them what room we were in, the check-in lady comes running over and explains that the previous people had just checked out of our room and that it needed to be cleaned. She asked us to wait 10 minutes.We sat in the lobby and waited for about 20 minutes. I finally went back to the counter and explained to another desk person that we wanted a room. He went into a back room and appeared about 5 minutes later with a new room number. We made our way back to the porters to give them the new room number. Then two porters started speaking to each other and although I don't speak Spanish, I gathered from the pointing that the other group of people standing next to us had just given them the same room number! So the porter goes and gets the check-in person. Once again, we were told to wait. The check-in person went back into the back room. I was not happy at that point.Finally, 10 minutes later, they come back with a third room number. We gave the porters this new room number and aimlessly started looking for our room because they did not give us clear directions. We finally find our room, enter the key card, and it doesn't work and we can hear that people are in the room. I was furious. My boyfriend and I agreed that he should stay there in case they brought our luggage while I went back to the lobby to get a fourth room!When I got back to the lobby and explained that this was the fourth time and this was ridiculous, the desk person made it seem like I was upset for no reason. He said I was on vacation and should enjoy myself! I wanted to scream that maybe I could be enjoying myself if we could get a room. I asked to speak to a manager and was told that the manager knew of the situation. The desk person asked where my husband was. I told him that I left him at the room in case our luggage was delivered. The manager finally comes out and briefly apologizes. He asked me to wait three minutes. (Note: 1 Dominican Republic minute equals about 15 minutes). I asked if I should go get my husband because he was waiting for me at the other room. They said to leave him there while they got us another room. After way more than 3 minutes, they come back with a fourth room, said they ensured it was ready, and said a porter would take me to it. There was more confusion with where they sent my boyfriend and our luggage that I won't go into detail about, but you get the picture.The cleaning person was still cleaning the room when we got there. There was no comforter or towels and he said he'd be back in 5 minutes and never returned. The air conditioning also was not working. We called about the A/C, towels and comforter four different times. After about an hour, we got the towels and nothing else. We showered and went to the Mexican buffet for dinner at almost 11 p.m. When we got there, we were ignored and not seated, even though there were plenty of waiters standing around doing nothing. Every time we asked to be seated, no one spoke English. The food was mediocre. When we returned to our room over an hour later, the A/C still had not been fixed.When we went to make dinner reservations the next day, we were told everything was booked except two nights and one of the nights was at 9:45 p.m. The other available spot was for the Italian restaurant that was previously a buffet, which we had already eaten at, but we took it anyway. Oddly, even though everything was supposedly booked, both restaurants were not even half full the whole time we ate there. The food was good, not great. The service was horrible. We were not approached by a waiter until about 15 minutes after being seated. It took them forever to get our drink orders, napkins (none were on our table), etc. Most people barely spoke any English.Luckily, the beach was beautiful. The water is crystal clear. One of the days, there was a school of fish swimming around us and we could see them perfectly. The sand is very white. The landscaping on the resort is impeccable. They were constantly mowing, trimming, etc. the whole time we were there.Here's a tip: Bring your own towels. Every day we went to get towels, they were out. They would tell us to come back in half an hour, but they never had towels. We spent a whole day going back and forth and never got towels.Another tip: Avoid buying anything in the gift shops at the resort. A disposable camera and a bag of chips was $26. Two small bottled waters and Immodium was $17. Batteries and a bottle of aloe vera was $12.I was disappointed with the resort, but I will say the beautiful beach and great weather we had at least made up for some of it.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Don't Stay At Melia Caribe Tropical I stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical Resort in Punta Cana from June 22nd to the 28th 2002. My room was on the Caribe side #3125. I had a terrible vacation and experience with this resort. I have a list of reasons as to why I had an awful time and would not recommend anyone to stay at this resort, I will also be telling the travel agent at Liberty Travel about my experience. When we arrived the bell boys were taking our luggage to another room and had to chase them down to stop them to retrieve our belongings because we could not speak to them due to the fact that the majority of help did not speak English AT ALL, which was a problem for us. We had requested a bungalow and was told at check in that it was never requested, we had it documented on our tickets but that was of no help to us because there were none available. Once in the resort, a man met us to give us our room key and said don't drink the tap water and don't use your credit card. Then we were off tofind our room ourselves with no help from anyone. It was like walkingthrough a maze. Once in our room, our luggage didn't arrive for about anhour and a half later. We couldn't change into shorts or a bathing suit todo anything. The next day we had to wait in line for over and hour to make dinner reservations because they only had one person doing reservations for the entire resort and you could not phone in your reservations. No one cleaned the room each day till in between 4pm-5pm. They would come with one towel, which we ended up having to share because we would call down for more and they were never delivered. We also called to say that the light in the shower was broke and no one in the 6 nights and 7 days came to fix. We went without power for over 7 hours on June 27th which of couse meant no air conditioning. For our room it also meant no flushing toilets. 8 rooms ending up being 2 inches under water due to septic overflow. Those rooms were directly below us. That water included feces and urine which stunk beyond belief. The horrible remains of human feces stench in 90 Degree weather and above was unbearable. You can imagine thesmell !! The food was horrid and I wouldn't serve it to my dog. We used a phone card and then when we checked out found out that we had to pay a 135.00 phone bill. I was completely disappointed with my entire trip and would never recommend anyone to stay at any of the resorts of the Sol Melia.Dissatisfied Customer,Kathleen Walshjwalsh3804@aol.com  
<Date>Jul 6, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>It was the worst trip i ever took I have worked in the hospitality business for 15 years with a major hotel chain. Usually when I go on vacation, i will only stay at the chain for which i work. Since we were going with friends and we only had 4 days, we decided on an all inclusive because it sounded like such a great deal. Well it wasn't.We stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical and from the minute we got off the plane until we left four days later, it was nothing short of a nightmare.When we arrived at the hotel, we were told we had to wait until 3 pm to get our rooms. Well we arrived there at 10 am, and althought I do understand that the rooms werent' ready, there was no place for us to go. The restaurants were not opened until 1 pm. Besides we must have walked around for an hour before we could even find anyone to help us. No one there speaks English. When we finally found someone who did speake English she wasn't very accomodating, because she was trying to sell us as timeshare which were weren't interested in.We were told to pick up our keys at 3 pm. When we returned to the place we were told to get our keys no one was there. We went to the front desk and they made our keys for us.When we got to our room, there was no remote for the tv. The mini bar did not work. There were lights in the chandalier that were burnt out.We went to the beach which was beautiful, except the ocean had a huge seaweed patch in the middle so when you came out of the ocean, you were covered with seaweed.We decided to make reservations for the restaurants. When my husband went to make a reservation, he was told they were booked for the rest of the week. Unbelievable. We got stuck eating at the buffets everynight, which were disgusting.The next day we went to an orientation for our trip ( which should have been done the day we arrived). That's where we found out about the lock safe and other valuable information which we could have used the day before.We went to the front desk to get our lock for the safe, and guess what. They gave us a packet not only with the lock for the safe, but also the remote for the TV. Amazing.The next day we were going to go on one of the hotel excursions. I woke up very sick, throwing up and diaherra. (sorry to be so graphic, but I had to spend one of my 4 days in my room) I was miserable.The day we were leaving, my husband went to the front desk to ask if we could keep one of the rooms for the day ( we were willing to pay) since our flight was not going to leave until 10 pm that evening, and I still was not feeling good. The front desk said no. (which I think is the only english they do speak) We needed to check out at 12 pm and they said they would lock our luggage up in the luggage room and we could use their hospitality suite to take showers before we left) That was great, but when we went to the hospitality suite at 4 pm the line was not only around the lobby, but our luggage was missing.We finally found a manager who happened to overhear my husband complaining about the quality of service we endured during our vacation, and she helped us find our luggage. For some reason, they took our luggage to another hotel. I still do not know why.I would never return or recommend this hotel to anyone.Here is some advice that I would like to give the general manager of this hotel, because if he does'nt take care of some of these issues, there will be not hotel to run. We were not the only ones complaining.1. When you have people get off the bus, someone needs to be there to tell you where to go and what to do.2. There should be a checklist for each of the rooms, so when the housekeeper goes into a room and sees that something is not working,(mini bar, lights missing, toilet running) they will be fixed before the guest checks in.3. There should either be a no reservation rule for the restaurants. First come, first serve, or there should be a block of seats available for those guests who are on an all inclusive.4. This is a vacation, men should not be required to where pants, especially when the weather is 90 degrees. Also, I went to the pool bar restaurant, and was told I couldn't get in with my bathing suit top (give me a break)5. More people need to speak English. English is the universal language. You couldn't even enjoy the entertainment or play bingo, because you couldn't understand a word anyone was saying.6. The money exchange is ridiculous. It is nice that they take your dollars, when they want to or when it is convenient to them.7. Get rid of the seaweed in the middle of the ocean.Just a few tips I could offer you. I think the problem with the all inclusive is that the employees just don't care. The quality of service is horrible. The grounds were beautiful. But instead of spending so much money on the grounds, they need to get a budget for their employees and send them to some hospitality classes, and learn some more english other than the word no.Sharyn Orosz - 201-307-3250  
<Date>Jul 5, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wonderful I had a great time staying at the Melia resort. My fiance and I were treated like Kings and Queens. The beach was always clean, the water was beautiful, the pool was spotless, the service was fine, the food was excellent. Don't listen to the bad reviews. You make your vacation for what you want it to be. Nothing is ever perfect. I will go back in a heart beat. This was the best vacation ever!!!!!!!!!1  
<Date>Jul 5, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Don't go to Melia Caribe Tropical   showReview(635408, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A Must Do   showReview(635008, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Do not go to Melia Caribe Tropical   showReview(635001, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Our Melia Caribe Tropical Vacation   showReview(613126, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The worst vacation we ever had!   showReview(595960, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Paradise   showReview(591156, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Just returned from Punta Cana   showReview(586261, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beach vacation   showReview(532980, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fun in the Sun!!!   showReview(496535, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>March 16-23 at Melia Tropical   showReview(473212, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnetVenezuela
<Content>Me encant贸;o excelentes vacaciones!!!   showReview(23381134, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>francoisdavidson
<Content>Un peu cher pour le niveau de qualit茅       Le petit train qui se fait tant d茅sirer  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	5	4	

<Author>carita69
<Content>Buena Elecci贸n!   showReview(23208635, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>polopolux
<Content>Excellent pour la famille!   showReview(22851588, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>valou82
<Content>Complexe 茅norme pour un voyage de noce...   showReview(22091179, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>muchachitaCantabria
<Content>Muy serio, pero todo perfecto   showReview(21651490, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AmartinesMontevideo
<Content>Un Gran Hotel Lujoso y Suntuoso pero con un p茅simo servicio   showReview(21610401, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>LuisLima_Peru
<Content>Es un buen Hotel, realmente lo recomiendo   showReview(21512552, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>ZappaFan
<Content>Bel h么tel, mais tr茅s d茅莽u par le personnel   showReview(21503381, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>LaviajeraMaite
<Content>Viva el Club Infantil!!!!!       El bar de piscina  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Chilenaviajera
<Content>Hotel gigante y espectacular   showReview(21076449, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>PierreBTA
<Content>Tr猫s bien, mais l' eau "foide"   showReview(20929701, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ROBINDESBOISAnnecy
<Content>H么tel magnifique   showReview(20807599, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>negritaArgentina
<Content>Excelente!!   showReview(20472488, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>najogu
<Content>No vayas si no puedes pagar el servicio Real       Armario por dentro  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Nin0ska
<Content>Me encanto este Hotel   showReview(20181730, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>arqhect
<Content>Excelente un lugar para recordar....   showReview(20124528, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nelablue
<Content>mas que maravilloso!       La torta fue una sorpresa para nuestra luna de miel  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel magnifique mais service minimum   showReview(19643301, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pounetteBeausoleil
<Content>Splendide h么tel   showReview(19243606, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(19643299, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>immer wieder   showReview(19643300, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Josh_Randall
<Content>H么tel tr猫s moyen       Bavaro Beach  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>GemaArgentina
<Content>Excelente para ir con bebes y ni帽os   showReview(18605837, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>OliviaSantiago
<Content>Lo Pasamos fantastico!!   showReview(18142560, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SILVIABABuenosAires
<Content>Muy bueno el hotel   showReview(17757164, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Nicolas93
<Content>On approche la perfection       la plage...  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rleivag
<Content>Wundersch枚ne Anlage, Service und Freundlichkeit pur!   showReview(17273860, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>el-cibor
<Content>Un vrai paradis...   showReview(16640864, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbes vacances en Famille   showReview(16594664, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SALVAMelilla
<Content>Estuve en el paraiso-el que prueba repite       Entrada a mi habitaci贸n .-  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>madym
<Content>genial   showReview(15694800, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>malagrosa
<Content>luna de miel increible   showReview(15499654, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>IsiSevilla
<Content>Excelente       Restaurantes  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jacchavo
<Content>excellent choix   showReview(14990126, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>pruneAlsace
<Content>hotel exeptionnel!   showReview(14920315, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>evycitas
<Content>regular el Melia   showReview(14864003, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	3	3	

<Author>julces
<Content>Excelente 100%       La Piscina del Tropical  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Luisfe
<Content>Fue la Mejor experiencia   showReview(14635659, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>noucheETrapha
<Content>S茅jour de r锚ve en famille mars 2008   showReview(14544531, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent s茅jour en famille du 08 au 15 mars 2008   showReview(14729549, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>galou63
<Content>pas terrible.....   showReview(14204812, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	2	2	

<Author>fanilechesnay
<Content>club enfant lamentable   showReview(14181677, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	5	2	3	

<Author>LesStoupefontenois
<Content>Le club pour enfants est nul ! Ca a gach茅 nos vacances   showReview(14134059, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lyson
<Content>Le M茅lia Caribe..un excellent choix !   showReview(14072433, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>voyageurLDL
<Content>Gros prix, petit service   showReview(13888871, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	4	1	3	1	

<Author>milopes
<Content>Magnifique h么tel       Vive la nature et une grande biodiversit茅  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lovepuntacana54
<Content>vraiment super   showReview(13790130, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>provencecastelmar
<Content>pas super dans l'ensemble   showReview(13784839, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>mnhv
<Content>magnifique environnement plage/piscine mais...       vers la chambre  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	5	2	-1	

<Author>luluqc
<Content>Que demander de plus!   showReview(13652128, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MOUTONM
<Content>Paradis sur terre   showReview(12600322, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13197024, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Patukita
<Content>Hotel maravilloso   showReview(12463610, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yamagirl
<Content>attention au services royale       lit au gabie  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	3	3	2	3	4	

<Author>jms57220
<Content>Le paradis       Le petit train  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holidaysfan
<Content>"estupendo"   showReview(12332245, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	3	3	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Melia Caribe a Punta Cana   showReview(13197023, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kaiatx
<Content>banal hotel   showReview(11652679, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	3	1	4	

<Author>Sam0105
<Content>Beau s茅jour avec b茅mol   showReview(11009151, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	2	3	5	

<Author>florencia2
<Content>precioso hotel MAL servicio   showReview(10943394, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>morenita3
<Content>Excelente Hotel y Excelente Servicio   showReview(10879200, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SantiagoMane
<Content>Buen hotel y mal servicio       bar en la piscina Bueno el COCOBAR  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	1	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel magnifique...o霉 il fait bon passer les vacances!!!   showReview(11306121, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rojer
<Content>attention   showReview(10566851, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Merii
<Content>Me encanto el Hotel , y la gente de servicio era muy agradable y simpatica   showReview(10287986, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pamplonesa_tx
<Content>lo mas de lo mas Increible!!!   showReview(10135828, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>misly
<Content>Exellente vacances       Plage  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>meny
<Content>volver otra vez   showReview(8697605, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	2	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>elnegrofit
<Content>Simplemente espectacular!!!       caminerias a las habitaciones  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Giselle7
<Content>Es bonito.   showReview(8669540, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>meny
<Content>exelente hotel       playa el hotel  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	2	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>espectacular
<Content>Espectacular       Me sent铆a una reina  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JUANJO65
<Content>Lo mejor el paisaje....Lo peor la mala atenci贸n en general   showReview(8511346, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	1	

<Author>Paris03
<Content>Optez pour le Service Royal       Chambre Royal service - jaccuzi  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>chulitravis
<Content>bueno hotel, nada de animaci贸n   showReview(8264438, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>babeFrance
<Content>Superbe!!   showReview(8056959, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>amateurdevoyages
<Content>superbe!!!       jardin luxuriant  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lucasMex
<Content>no es para parejas   showReview(7839020, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>defaultuser1356
<Content>No se os ocurra ir por favor   showReview(7804582, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>grandevoyageuse75
<Content>Magnifique   showReview(7790812, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>FDIEZ
<Content>Buen servicio pesimas habitaciones   showReview(7554564, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	4	1	3	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>superbe hotel   showReview(11403779, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>parigos
<Content>Quel jardin beau tropical   showReview(7161019, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mandala73
<Content>C'茅tait GENIAL !!!!       L'entr茅e de notre  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>VacanciereSt-Bruno
<Content>Magnifique   showReview(6779077, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Floppy92
<Content>farniente    showReview(6113284, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lauvaltom
<Content>Tr猫s bon complexe familial   showReview(6106093, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Grandevoyageuse
<Content>Superbes vacances   showReview(5789728, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>melia caribe tropical,el mejor   showReview(5356218, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SILVIANA
<Content>el mejor del caribe   showReview(5149267, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

