<Author>kagome999
<Content>Good Location and Value The location was unbeatable. 4-minute walk to teh red light district and 2 minutes away from teh Central station. Breakfast was surprisingly delicious and generous! It was self-served, buffet style. My friends and I stayed in a 5-bed room on the 4th floor. It was spacious, in good condition (although some holes in the covers), and the bathroom was clean. However, I do recall a musky smell in teh room, but it was not intolerable. What we thought could be improved is the security. Whenever we left the hotel to go site-seeing, we had to leave our hotel room card at the front desk. Although we were told that they would ask us for our names to make sure that we were the guests staying in teh room (and not some random person off the street), this never happened. All we did was tell the guy at the reception our room number and he handed over the card. But overall, a good experience and a good value!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>gillhan
<Content>Not quite a 3 star experience This hotel was chosen for me on account of its location, which is very central and certainly suited to exploring the city. However, much of what I read in other reviews was borne out by my experience; the staircase was tricky, the whole place needed a lick of paint, the smell of 'exotic' smoke permeated the building, the bedding was less than fresh smelling (with multiple cigarettes burns!) and the breakfast wasn't worth bothering with. I would say that the place seemed particularly suited for group (stag or hen) trips, where exploring the cafes and the red light district might be a priority. However, budget travelers looking for a central location may find the place meets their needs providing their expectations are more two star than three!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>LondonSolo_traveller
<Content>Great value for money in a good location Stayed for a long weekend in this hotel. It was one of the more affordable options but nevertheless the hotel was clean and comfortable, the reception staff were very helpful, the bed was comfortable, and I was not disturbed by other residents. There were some noisy groups of people staying in the hotel but the soundproofing was very good so I was not disturbed. It was across the main road from Central Station so in a great location.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>0u812ic
<Content>simplemans hotel The very first trip to amsterdam i chose this hotel.the place is very clean big rooms nice clean bath and ashower that never runs out of hot water great breakfast and right around the corner to some of amsterdams best coffieshops .I made a promice to myself that i would return every year that iam able 08. will make my third visit to the city of enlightingment to get amstterdamaged  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Peterobina
<Content>Great Location Great location, good breakfast, and a larger than average room. However, the rooms need refurbishing and street noise will not allow much sleep. Most hotels on our 2008 European trip now have double glazed windows and they are needed here. Also I didn't like the set-up of the reception desk, as you can't see them process your credit card.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Maleficent84
<Content>Feeling dirty with no sleep? This hotel is for you!       Room 101  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	2	3	

<Author>isthatuitsme
<Content>What a location!!!! Stayed 3 nights and had a great time. The hotel location was great. Right across the street from Central Station and right at the bottom of the red light district and all those lovely coffee shops. We booked a twin room and was surprised when we where given a very large quad room. The staff were friendly and helpful. Have been to Amsterdam three times and this is by far the best place that I have stayed for a reasonable price. Will be going back to Amsterdam and will be staying at this hotel again. Only negative was the noise from the street in the morning. Had to close the windows in the early hours cause of the road works and restaurant deliveries but the location made up for it!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>1globetrotterSweden
<Content>Just wonderful Stayed here for one night in july. Got a great price for a wonderful clean big double room on the fourth floor with wonderful beds, big bathroom, 40 channels on the tv and a great buffe breakfast in the morning. Very close to Central Station, Center and Red light disctrict. What mote can you ask for. I'm very satisfied with the hotel, staff and the surroundings. Stay there!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jeni41702
<Content>New Year's Trip My family, friends and I rented this hotel for a 5 day stay for New Years. We were traveling with a party of 13. We first arrived at the hotel 2 hours early. We were allowed to drop our bags underneath the staircase. I was a little nervous about leaving my belongings but when we returned to check-in we found all of our bags to be in order. The rooms seem pretty standard as far as 2-3 stars in Amsterdam go. My friends got to stay in a sweet room facing out the front of the hotel. We enjoyed many nights in the hotel bar. The bartenders that served us were great. They also exchange money but for a high exchange rate and would suggest exchanging money before arrival. We had a great time and we're glad we stayed at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>donnerkebab
<Content>Prinz Hendrick Hotel For value and location i think the Prinz Hendrick would be hard to beat, its decor is a bit tired but i have paid an awful lot more and stayed in worse hotels in Amsterdam. We had six twin rooms booked all were about the same. Each room was quite spacious and bright and all of them were clean. Housekeeping was done daily and they did a great job.The staff in the hotel were all very friendly and accomodating and in true dutch style you never felt anything other than a sense of calm.The roads situated around the hotel can be very noisy with late night revellers returning home so its not for the light sleepers or familys.I fully intend to re book for next year and would reccommed it to friends.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wolfshe
<Content>Unfair Reviews - Fab Hotel in an Excellent Location       Lounge  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>belfastgal
<Content>Don't be put off I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights/3 days at the end of March this year. Having booked the hotel for 18 girls travelling for a birthday weekend I was terrified after reading some of the reviews and in a panic tried to book somewhere else due to the proximity to the red light district  reviews on cleanliness.... Im glad I wasn't able to find somewhere else! We all had a great stay  a great weekend!!This is not a hotel for a romantic break or family holidays or for business travellers who need comfort but for singles or carefree couples its perfect for exploring the city. Just across the road from the central train station (around 4 euros each way for 15 min journey to/from airport)  lots of tram stops its ideally located. On the map it appears right on the edge of the red light district, which in a way it is, but its far enough away that we never felt insecure or in any danger. Nearly everything in the city centre is within walking distance so long as you have a pair of comfy shoes.The hotel wasn't stylish but all 5 of our rooms were very clean  we had plenty of room. The bathrooms were spotless  the rooms were tidied each day. The stairs were indeed a nightmare but we didnt have to use them as the lift was always in perfect working order. Breakfast was fairly good and the hotel bar was cosy  friendly. The hotel staff were all very nice except for the guy at reception on the day we checked out who was very rude to 1 of the girls but otherwise we have no complaints at all. I book weekends away for my friends all the time  usually go for budget hotels. Some reviews seem to think that this hotel was overpriced.. we paid approx 拢90 each (with the current exchange rate) for our stay but the central location meant we didn't have any other expenses eg. taxi fares which for such a large group could have been a nightmare. I cannot comment on the parts of the hotel located further down the street as we were all in the main building but we all had a very comfortable happy stay at this hotel  would certainly use it again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>draig
<Content>Should charge by the Hour This is an unpleasant hotel, the warning is that you have to pay in full when you check in!!The staff seem friendly enough but everything else is grotty.The rooms are quite large but I was right on street level and you don't get much sleep on a Friday night this close to the Red light area.The bathroom had thick black mould in the corners and smelt fausty.The covers on the bed were stained.My colleague's room was in the same state and we didn't bother with breakfast, not wanting to try the hygiene of the kitchen.We were very pleased only to have been there for 7 hours!!The NH chain of hotels are so much better!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Familyoffoureaster
<Content>Definitely not suitable for young families - we were assaulted We didn鈥檛 stay in the main hotel but in an annex just along the road. Access is via a very steep spiral staircase, too narrow to ascend if you have a large suitcase, which we fortunately didn鈥檛. There is no fire escape. We were on the third floor facing the main street and very noisy, but we were sort of expecting that; the room was very basic but adequate and clean. On the second night of our stay we were kept awake into the small hours by a lot of noise from the occupants of the third floor room. We thought they were having a party 鈥?music, shouting, thumps on the ceiling. My husband went up and asked them to quieten down, which they didn鈥檛 do. He then went down to reception along the street (our phone didn鈥檛 seem to work) and the night porter came and had a word with the people who turned out to be just four girls making all that noise. The noise continued, though not quite so loudly and this time I went up, very angry because our weekend was being ruined and my older daughter was still awake. It was now 2am. The four girls told me I had 鈥榥o right鈥?鈥?they were doing nothing wrong and when my husband came up to back me up they assaulted both of us 鈥?I have cuts and bruises to my arm. My husband has scratches all down one side of his face and a torn shirt. They were very large beefy girls, very powerful. They kept saying 鈥榶our children will have nothing鈥?and tried to push us over the stair-rail. We managed to get downstairs and my husband went to reception to call the police. My older daughter was hysterical. Amazingly the hotel allowed the girls to stay on, so we had to barricade ourselves in for the night. We could have brought charges of assault against them but that would have been be difficult and lengthy, so we settled for them paying for my husband 鈥榮 torn shirt (a feeble trade off). In the event they refused to pay and we had to get the police involved again. The hotel moved us to a room in the main hotel for our last night. It was like a show room in comparison - Beautiful bathroom and insulated against noise. We also felt a lot safer. The hotel staff were all very pleasant, but I am stunned and amazed that they should allow violent people to stay on in their hotel. We tried to play down the whole incident with our children, but cannot recommend this as a family establishment.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Donnado_8
<Content>fantastic!!! I was travelling with a group of four girls one of which has wrote the review previous to this. Having read the negative comments I felt I needed to back her up and support the Prins Hendrick. Its as simple as this if youre looking for cheap accomodation in the center of Amsterdam with excellent staff then this is the place to come. I cant comment on the stairs as I never actually used them, as there is a perfectly good and always working elevator I didnt see the need, in fact I couldnt even tell you where they are!The room was excellent the bathroom was just refurbished and was spottless. The room decor was lovely and most importantly clean, there was 4 single beds with ample room for us all including table and chairs and t.v. What more could you want!!! Location ! excellent! Straight across the road from centraal station, dam square is around the corner and the red light district is around the next! To be honest we thought we were staying in Dr Whos Tardis every time we turned a corner we where back at our hotel, impossible to get lost. Its even within walking distance to Anne Franks House, What more could you want! Breakfast was exactly what they stated continental although the scrambled eggs were great and toast was self service. If youre looking for a fry then there is a cafe round the corner doing english breakfasts, although we never tried it. The staff are excellent I honestly dont know what the other comments are about. On arrival we were met by the owner who was not only really nice but also very informative regarding places to eat and directions etc. We actually talked about a comment on trip advisor and he felt very cheated to say the least. We in total met 5 staff including the excellent bar staff but a special mention has to go the lovely young guy who was on the graveyard shift who we unfortunately didnt get his name.  Would I go back again? Absolutely in fact we are planning for next year already!! I would have no problems recommending this hotel to any-one, its a great hotel in a great location with great staff.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anea121
<Content>absolutely loved it! It has been a week now since we got back fro our girls weekend in Amsterdam and i would just like to say that we were so impressed wit how friendly and helpful the hotel staff were. they made our short stay an absolute pleasure and we cannot wait to come back next year!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wavybabe
<Content>What I've come to expect in Amsterdam... Just back from 5 nights in the Dam staying at the Prins Hendrik. Having been to Amsterdam a few times before I wasn't expecting much from the hotel, which is just as well. When we arrived we were told our room wasn't actually in the hotel but in the apartments just across the way. I didn't really have a problem with this until I saw the stairs! An extremely narrow and steep spiral staircase which was as difficult to get up as it was back down again. I managed to cut my hand on the rail on first attempt. It is also wooden with no carpet and very noisey when people are going up and down.The room was dark and gloomy with very low ceilings, the decor was very dated and cheap looking. The double bed was actually two narrow single beds pushed together. One sheet and a very light blanket was all that covered each bed - you didn't even get to share a duvet. I was quite annoyed about this as we had arrived on valentine's day and it wasn't exactly romantic! The bathroom was adequate with a decent sized bath and ok shower. The rooms do get cleaned daily and although there were stains etc on the carpet and everything was tatty, it did seem clean.Breakfast was ok for us; a couple of options on cold meat and cheese, scrambled and boiled eggs, beans, cereal, breads and fruit. The staff are a bit hit and miss. We asked if we could leave our bags on the day we were departing the night before and told there was nowhere to put them but on the day a friendlier chap showed us a space under the stair where other people had also left their luggage.On the up side, the location is great, central for everything. The pea soup ordered from the bar was fab and the bar itself was friendly, busy and with a good atmosphere. Paying a 拢120 a night I would really look hard and fast for a better hotel for my money next time.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>DJ FearRoss
<Content>Ideal for cramming people in rooms! Not a bad hotel. OK, it's not a 4 or 5 star hotel, but it is what it says it is. Look at the hotel photos on the website, they don't show the most modern of rooms, what you see is what you get.We went on a stag weekend and it met all our requirements.The night staff were sometimes quite unpleasent to us, but then sometimes really nice is. It just varied. And 'yes' you do have to pay before checking out.The day staff were really friendly, no problems at all, the pub/restaurant was great. Food was good. Only thing was, that as this is an old hotel you had to pay separately, no adding the bill to your hotel bill. I would like to mentioned again, that the staff at this hotel are brilliant and we joked around with them alot and made our stay pleasent. (I think the people here are complaining about are the actual older owners)Breakfast was included, but not all that. Nothing really wrong with it, but looked rather dull.The location is excellent, 2 min walk opposite the Central Station. Great cause the train from the airport terminates here and only takes about 15mins.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	4	1	

<Author>MissyGalway
<Content>Horrible Hotel RRRun I travel 2/3 times a year to Amsterdam for business (floristry trade).I choose this for location and my usual place was booked out. It looks good on the website but it was a nightmare.I was travelling on my own but i booked a double room as hotels in Holland can be small due to building styles.I was greeted at reception by the rudiest and most aburt person i have ever met.I was scolded for taking a double room even though i had paid a double rate.The door to the stairs was locked so i had to use the lift that was fine but it felt like i was entering a jail. The room was clean but very old furnishing and a stale horrid smell mmm the windows were broken and could'nt be opened and the radiator was on full blast and the piece to adjust it was broken, i asked nicely at reception to be told not my problem. The bathroom well we won't go there.If i had not paid in advance i would have ran.Breakfast was basic and scarce. I arrived back at 12noon on the nose i had everything packed, i was met by the same rude person at reception to be told my luggage was outside in the hall.I went to my room to find two housekeepers going through one of my bags and i asked politly was there a problem one of them shouted at me that they needed to clean the room.I checked out and i was so relieved,i have never stayed in such a depressing and creepy place in all my life or have i ever been treated in such a manner.If you like me are a female solo traveller i would not stay here i felt so unsafe at times i sat up most of the night and my door was banged on several time and the only thing keeping it shut was a brass chain  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>CatatonicZombie
<Content>Great budget hotel I booked with a little trepidation after reading some of the negative comments on Hotels.com, but when I actually got here I was very pleasantly surprised. I had booked a single room, but was assigned a three-bed apartment to myself! This consisted of a fairly large lounge/sitting-room (with a single bed tucked away in a corner), and a separate double bedroom with an en-suite bathroom which was accessed by a fairly steep set of steps. My apartment was especially large but the rooms seem to be quite large in general from my observations - I was able to sneak glances into a few rooms while they were being tidied and they seemed reasonably generously sized on the whole.The decor, it has to be said, is a bit tired and could do with freshening up in some spots. There were also exposed gas and water pipes in the stairwell up to the bedroom which were painted white to match the stairwell and did not detract from the overall look of the apartment, although those of an aesthetically delicate nature would not like them. The furniture was also slightly worn and faded; my couch had a small cigarette burn on one arm. I would also caution elderly travellers that the hotel also has a lot of steep stairs but only one small elevator. The beakfast buffet was OK if unspectacular, the usual European selection of sliced meats, cereals, bread, crackers, drinks and scrambled eggs. There is also a bar attached to the hotel which looked OK, not just a typical bland hotel bar, although I never actually tried it.The hotel is very close to Centraal Station, giving easy access to travel links for Amsterdam and beyond. It's also within easy walking distance of the Red Light District, Dam Square and Nieuwmarkt.Overall a good budget hotel, ideal for groups looking for cheapish accommodation, but not for those such as honeymooners looking for a 'special' experience. I would happily stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	3	4	3	

<Author>REGAP
<Content>Just fine I stayed there for 3 nights (from monday to thrusday), me and my mother who is 81-years-old.* Reception: Fine with all information you ask for. * Room: Large, excellent size, therefore, confortable (pillows, bed and so on). Toilete in the room: There is no carpet to put your foot on after shower; the towels were clean and changed everyday, the light is fine. Hot water in abundance (at least at nights).* Breakfast: Good enough, not excepcional, not bad.* Locatioin: Excellent, walking distance from Centraal Station, walking distance from Red District, from Damrak, from many restaurants and from many stations of tramway and buses.* Conclusion: It was a good choice for us, even being my mother a woman over 80, the lift is ok, good size, lights enough and the hotel has a good security aspect. I would be there again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>eoin240803
<Content>Good location The hotel is in a great location, not even 5 minutes walk from Central Station. The rooms are fine if it is just a bed for the night you are looking for. Realy good for groups, but I wouldn't bring a family there. Smoking (of any sort) seems to be quite acceptable there so keep that in mind if you are a non-smoker. The food in the bar/restruant is realy good and the staff are very friendly. There is a terrace (great for people watching) right outside the hotel and you can order food from the restruant to eat outside in a relaxed and chilled atmosphere. Don't expect luxurious rooms but they are comfortable and a great base if you want to spend your time exploring/experiencing Amsterdams attractions.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Dawn50
<Content>Great location We are Australians and we stayed in this great little hotel in November 2004 and we found it to be very good. Sure it is a bit noisy given its location to Centraal Station but its accessibility to downtown Amsterdam must certainly outweigh the noise issue. We loved the restaurant connected to the hotel and seeing it was almost winter when we were there, we ate there almost every night.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>roddyf
<Content>great for group bookings Great for stag dos / group bookings.Very good location main station only a 2 min walk away, and hundreds of bars / coffeshops few hundred yards away.Hotel only of OK standard inside but fine for a couple of days if you are there with friends.Check in very quick and all staff helpful.Never made breakfast but people who did said it was OK.Bar next too hotel good, quick helpful service.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>simey692
<Content>Friendly and clean Stayed for a long weekend at the prins hendrik from 17-20 may 07 and found the hotel to be very good, we had 3 single rooms and I had the smallest out of the 3 but it was clean and tidy and was fine, the other 2 single rooms had a double bed and 2 singles in the other. The breakfast was buffet and was cold meats, cheese, scrambled eggs, beans, toast, cereals and coffee/ tea, it was quite nice.The staff were very friendly and the hotel is situated right in the heart of the city, just opposite the centraal station.The only downside is there did seem to be a lot of noise outside the hotel, I noticed this on the first night and it did bother me, i didn't ntice it so much on the other 2 nights but I'm not sure if thats because I was very tired and got used to it or because it wasn't as bad as the first night.To anyone thinking of booking the hotel I would recommend it, there is a lift and safe facility and I would stay there again.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mrs_Hornsey
<Content>Lovely little Hotel in Central Amsterdam       A beautiful May day in Amsterdam  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Weekend_explorer
<Content>Nothing Bad 10 of us arrived in Amsterdam for two 50th's. Hotel was booked on-line using previous references on Trip Advisor. Hotel was 5 minutes from Centraal Station and was ready for us when we arrived. Work over the canal is only weekdays and starts at 8.00am with pile driving which can be noisy.Very near to Red Light District (5 mins), Dam Square (10-15 mins) and Van Gogh/Anne Frank musuems (20 mins). Had a meal in the hotel restaurant one night and the steaks, pork fillet and rack of lamb was excellent. Monk fish and garlic gamba prawns were nothing special but the waiter Petr was excellent.Did not meet any rude receptionists - all we spoke to were excellent and COR was very helpful. Found lift to be OK but agree stairs were very steep - but that is all over Amsterdam.Stayed in rooms 219,220,221, 108 etc. and found them all to be of generous size. Did not find out about the annex.Bar was OK and stayed open to 3.00 am - no trouble on closing early as in earlier reports. Not the cheapest though but not the most expensive either. Found the evening bartender (Volker) a bit abrupt at times and did not like opening another bottle of wine and was found dodgy on measures. Daytime lady bartender( poss Judi) was excellent.Due to central location near bars and Red Light district can be noisy with groups singing as they are walking past up unyil 5 O'Clock in the morning.Lots of sports bars nearby so don't worry about missing any sports events on Sky.Watch out for the bikes! - you sometimes find yourself walking down a bike lane without realising it.Visit the Sea Palace floating Chinese restaurant in the harbour - not cheap but well worth a special experience.If you want to travel on the canal's buy a 24 hour canal pass to all four routes which lasts until midday next day.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Burywood
<Content>Prins Hendrik Hotel - Amsterdam Pleasant hotel with good service. There's some work being done on a new metro station for the Centraal Station which can start quite early in the morning (and is very noisy) -- this is possibly the reason they want full payment for your stay in advance. The hotel is very central and can be quite noisy at night. Breakfast is basic and includes the usual fayre of cheese, ham, eggs and bread products. The lift is dodgy and drainage is a problem (slight whiff). Stairs are not an option -- very steep.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>sandymoo
<Content>good location This hotel is in a great location just across from central station.The double room was quite small and nothing like the picture provided by the hotel (why do hotels do this, if they show a picture of a huge fancy room and then give you a small standard room you will feel a little disapointed) but the room was very clean which can sometimes be a concern in Amsterdam, the bed was comfortable, the shower was hot.This isn't the hotels fault but there was huge building works going on across from the back of the hotel, across from our room, this started at about 7.30am and was very noisy The hotel could have warned us about this. We didn't complain as we were only there for two nights but I think it would have been a problem had we been staying any longer.The staff were friendly and polite.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Cantonian
<Content>Avoid if booking a Single room Chosen for its location which was excellent.Single room was very small. The shower room/toilet provided a new experience :- to shave or wash you had to stand in the shower which was immediately in front of the wash basin. Nowhere to hang wet towels The room like many others fronted the street and the noise was troublesome throughout the 3 nights I stayed.The breakfasts were quite good.One of the reception staff was rude but the others were pleasant.Had I not prepaid, I would have left this hotel either on arrival after inspecting the room or certainly after the first nights noise.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>loulouBS
<Content>Pretty standard 3* hotel This was a pretty standard 3* hotel. I would probably give it a 2 1/2 though, as I don't think it takes much to make a hotel a little above average (regardless of stars)Rooms were average. Nothing to complain about, but nothing that made it stand out. Nowhere to hang towels which was annoying when they are wet! Beds were okay. One receptionist was consistenantly rude though the others were generally helpful  smiley. Breakfast was okay - cold meats  cheeses, bread/rolls, orange juice, scrambled eggs  beans - tea  coffee. Good location, as directly behind you is the red light district/china town though not the prettiest of areas (overlooking central station). Easy to orientate yourself around the city from here. After the bathroom light had been on for more than about 90 seconds it would start whirring REALLY loud - very very annoying. Every time we were going to mention it it was the rude man on the desk  so (our own fault) we never reported this!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DubNiall
<Content>Great Location, spacious rooms, ideal for a group A large group of us were in Amsterdam for a stag last weekend and stayed in this hotel. We could not have made a better choice. Arriving late with a group of thirsty lads, it was important to get checked in, and out on the town as quickly as possible. The hotel is right across the road from Centraal station and we spotted it straight away. We were all checked in within about fifteen minutes and ready to hit the pubs. Again we found ourselves in the perfect position, with the hotel just around the corner from the RLD where a lot of the pubs and coffee shops are located. The hotel is about 10 minutes walk from Dam square and very close to trams and taxis to explore the city further, should you feel the inclination. We booked both twin and triple rooms and all were clean and very spacious. One of the twins (324) was in the annex and was more like an apartment with its own kitchen (minus a fridge). All of the rooms had a table and seating area, a TV with BBC as well as local channels, and some radio stations. Unfortunately I can鈥檛 comment on the breakfast as I never made it, but I have been informed by other members of the group that it was good. The bar adjoining the hotel is a traditional Dutch 鈥榖rown bar鈥?and was perfect for an ice cold beer in the afternoon.I found that the staff were excellent, and were available to answer any queries before, during and after our stay there.After a quick poll of the group, some minor complaints were:- Only one key card per room 鈥?awkward if you arrive home at different times.- The hotel bar closed fairly early and was not available for residents after hours. (Not a major issue as there are many bars within two minutes walk.)- The check out time of 11am is too early 鈥?12 would be better.Overall I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anybody heading to Amsterdam in the future.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>daveoliveruk
<Content>Brilliant The hotel is located in an ideal place. Good food, helpful staff and very spacious room. It was quite noisy at night times but this is understandable considering the hotel is right on the edge of the red light district. Would recommend!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johannesGroningen
<Content>storm! January 18th 2007I was trapped by a big storm in Amsterdam and could not leave the city anymore. I was not the only one. Many people were looking for a hotel. So was I. I was lucky to find shelter in Hotel Prins Hendrik, just opposite the central railwaystation.The persons in charge were friendly and helpful. The room was extremely pleasant, spacious and tidy, with a perfect view on a beautiful spot of Amsterdam. Nevertheless the room was quiet.I enjoyed my stay and will certainly return!Anja van Berkum, The Netherlands  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cherry1
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I have never been to Amsterdam before  researched  asked many questions on Trip Adviser before coming to Amsterdam. Prins Hendrik was recommended to me.We arrived later than expected due to a delayed flight  also we got on the wrong train from the Airport to Central Station. (Therefore didn;t arrive till after 11pm) Prins Hendrik is literaclly a 5 minute walk from Central Station  very easy to find.When I first saw the hotel, I thought it would be very noisy, but far from it, there was no noise at all. Mattijs greeted us in reception  advised us on where to go straight away if we fancied going out. Which we did.The hotel room was huge, very spacious with plenty of storage space in the room for our belongings. The beds were very comfortable with very large comfy pillows.Breakfast is served in the morning until 10am. There was a good choice for a continental breakfast, fortunately I bought some Tetley teabags with me, as I didn't like the tea, but that is just my taste.The hotel is fantastically situated near everything you would want to do  see.When I arrived at the hotel, I mentioned that the hotel was recommended to me from someone from TripAdviser  Mattijs made us most welcome, searched on the internet for restaurants for us, advised on the best places to go, it was a very nice personal touch.I can't wait to re-vist Amsterdam, but will only stay at Prins Hendrik.The best hotel, with the best Service  the Best reception staff - Sante (Cheers) Mattijs. x x x  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Intrepid_Explorer82
<Content>Great location!!       Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>tlmeyer
<Content>Good choice to stay at This was the perfect place for us to stay in Amsterdam. It was me, my wife  2 young adult daughters. The location is perfect, close to the train station  many places in Amsterdam.The room was very nice. We got the top floor room with 4 beds. It was large for Europe  nice view. Small but adequate bath. Most the workers were very nice. One guy seemed crabby all the time but we only had to walk past him. Don't recall the exact price but recall it was worth the money.The morning breakfast was excellent.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BarBar777
<Content>Nice enough place       Picture of outside hotel  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	4	1	4	

<Author>Daphiel
<Content>Good choice for guys       Sight from Prins Hendrik  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reasonable hotel, shame about the noise. Beware: Very central, but lots of street noise and no double glazing. Take your earplugs.I wasn't happy about the first room we got, number 217, overlooking the Station. It was very big, but basic, with nowhere to put clothes and the most uncomfortable bed I ever had. I had to put the mattress on the floor to be able to sleep. However the next day Cor the receptionist arranged for us to change rooms to one at the back, number 221, that was a lovely room, modern and well fitted. So if the room you get isn't satisfactory, asked to be swopped.I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. The breakfast room was dingy but that is the style for Amsterdam and the food was OK if uninspiring.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean  I've just got back from staying for 2 nights at the Hotel Prins Hendrik in Amsterdam and have to say that I had a fantastic time. Our party had 3, 5 person rooms but they were huge so space was not a problem!The Staff - The staff at the hotel reception and in the bar are always on hand to help and extremely friendly. I can only imagine the reviewers below must have been rude to the staff first if they found them to be otherwise because we all got on really well.The Rooms - Very clean and massive. We had our beds made and towels changed whilst we were there. The TV has BBC 1 amongst other English channels and the bathroom had shower/ bath and toilet all in very good condition. Safety deposit boxes are available in reception and are only EUR 5 for you entire stay.The Bar and Restaurant - We ate at the restaurant on our first night there and had the steak in pepper sauce with chips and it was delicious! The free breakfasts are good too and you can help yourself to seconds! The bar is quite small but has a nice atmosphere. Budweiser was only EUR 3.50 so quite cheap by Amsterdam standards. You can also sit outside on the terrace if it's a nice day and just people watch if you want to!Location - Right opposite Central Station which has a direct link to and from the Airport. A ticket cost EUR 3.40 and takes about 10-15 minutes which is actually a lot faster than getting a taxi which costs EUR 45! The bars and restaurant are just a couple of minutes walk from the hotel, as is the red light district. Perfect!I would recommend this hotel to anyone and definitely go back there someday. People who have given this hotel bad reviews obviously want the Plaza for 拢30 a night!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>StuartJG
<Content>Pretty Awful Stayed at the Prins Hendrick for two nights on business trip with my wife. Location very good. Reception staff need a lesson in manners. Room was not in main building but across the Street, wouldn't have been a nice loaction for a lady on her own. Tip if you check in, don't have Room 37. Room good size and very spacious bathroom and to be honest all very clean. Breakfast was shambolic. Really scruffy dingy breakfast room, staff not interested. Poor selection, really help yourself situation. clearing tables etc Cups, no saucers. Never bothered the second morning checked out early and had good breakfast at airport. Astronomical cost 130 euros a night ( 拢93). Have stayed at many hotels in over 40 countries and this has got to be the worst. Avoid at all cost.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Karena_Italy
<Content>OK by Amsterdam standards I had a lot of difficulty trying to find a room in Amsterdam one weekend in April. I normally book through one of the travel websites but on this occasion, none of them gave me anything within my budget for the dates requested. I therefore e-mailed nearly 80 hotels and BBs (I'm not joking) and got positive replies from only 3 or 4, among whom was the Prins Hendrik. So I definitely did not choose this hotel based on reviews or anything. And for 鈧?50 per night for a double I thought it was expensive.As mentioned by other reviewers, the hotel is convenient to get to upon arrival at the Centraal Station. Our room was very big actually but it was extremely dated and not well-maintained (toilet flush was coming apart), our wardrobe also acted as a storage room for the hotel (an unused bidet and a toilet were stored away in there!). There was no finesse to the place at all, e.g. different parts of the curtains were made of different material. There were some stains on the duvet but let's not get into that. The room was cleaned everyday to a good standard though, and they changed our towels everyday. Our room overlooked the main road and so yes, it was fairly noisy... but we were so tired from walking around all day round Amsterdam we hardly noticed it after we hit the sack. Our bed was also quite far from the window which helped. The guy at reception told us that breakfast was very good, and I guess it was, for 3* standards. We had cold cuts, bacon and scrambled eggs, cereals, jams and different breads, coffee and tea, and juice. Only oranges for fruit. There were lots of tables for breakfast so am not sure why some people complained abt not having seats. All in all, I'd say that looking around at some of the other hotels around Amsterdam, the Prins Hendrik was about average. I get the feeling that Amsterdam is such a popular place for weekend visitors that these 2* and 3* hotels have no real interest in really offering something special to their guests.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>seebass
<Content>Great hotel well worth it Me and my friend stayed at prins hendrik in february 2006 and the room was very good. It was not attached to the hotel which was a bonus because we like to smoke the weit and no one minded about that never made it to breakfast so i cant comment on it but i am staying there again in june of this year just because i thought it was a very nice hotel. The location is probably the best point to it 10m from warmoestraat and centraal station which makes it very easy to find when checking in. Next time i will try the breakfast and ill let you all know if its worth it. No kettle in room so no tea and as im english thats just not right you need a cuppa in tha morning.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cockatoo
<Content>excellent hotel Clean, Good food, Excellent staff, Very freindly people. good value for money as everything included (breakfast  taxes). Good location, just opposite central station and tram station and around the corner for everything else. Excellent selection of tourist information in the foyer and in rooms. you must go on the walking tour, buy a guide of old city from hotel reception.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pixiex
<Content>Big and included breakfast Prins Hendrik has a good location, across from the Central Station, so it is easy to get to if you are coming from the train, which we were. It is close to the red light district, but not in it. It is also close to the trams and canal cruises. The rooms were very big and were clean. The decor is dated, but so what? The man at the front desk was helpful.Breakfast was included with the room and was varied and large. A very good value.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, fabulous hotel I'd stayed in this hotel from 22nd Feb to 24th Feb 2006. The hotel is directly facing the train station. Five minutes walk to Dam Square, Red Light District and Chinatown. I booked a triple room and we got a room on the second floor. Very spacious room and the bathroom is very big for my sister to move around in her wheelchair. Our room is to the front and overlooking Centraal Station. Breakfast was really nice. The only problem was the window is not double glazed and in the morning the traffic noise can be a little annoying.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MARTINMAC
<Content>Warm, friendly staff. Enjoyed our short stay, friendly relaxing atmosphere, central location excellent, staff pleasant and helpful. Rooms basic, but more than adequate for our needs Would definitley come back.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AC_manchester
<Content>Worth the money 2 friends and i stayed @ this hotel over christmas. you get what you pay for and this is true @ prins hendrik, the room are clean, bathroom clean. the staff friendly! infact I booked directly (at a discounted rate) from the hotel then searched the internet and found the same hotel cheaper hotels, printed off the better price/rate and the gent who checked us in was kind enough to call the manager and get us the better rate. dont expect your getting a 5 or 4 star hotel cause you wont! its not its a 3 star! having said that the breakfast was better than a 4 star where i stayed in Jan 05.the location is very close to centraal train station.it can get noisy (outside) but if ur hotel room and not out enjoying urself stay @ home!all in all the staff make this hotel, they are friendly enough but dont be late for brekkie cause they dont play that! and dont expect the world of this place cause its a place to sleep eat breakie. they do have comfie couches @ the front desk.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid the Prins Hendrik unless you want a dirty, noisy room My husband and I visited Amsterdam in September for 4 nights. We chose to stay in the Prins Hendrik after reading some of the positive reviews on this site. However, the only positive thing we can say about this hotel was that it was close to the train station.When we arrived at the hotel, we observed that the lobby was small and not particularly inviting, but we still hoped that the room would be nice. We were very disappointed.The room was filthy; the towels were grey from being so dirty, and were so worn out you could see through them. The bathroom was dirty, the bedding was shabby, and there was tons of noise in the room from the street.We were so disgusted with our room that we actually left the Prins Hendrik and went to another nearby hotel, which was much nicer for basically the same price. I would recommend that other travellers look elsewhere than the Prins Hendrik.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>GD1
<Content>Lovely Hotel This hotel was excellent! It was clean, the service was friendly, rooms were spacious and the beds were comfy! The hotel is situated just minutes away from Central Station which is just so so handy!! You get off your flight, take the 15 min train from the airport to the station and then it's no fuss as you just walk over the bridge and then your at the hotel. It's great! The hotel is ideal as just around the corner from Damrak leading to Dam Square which is full of shops, restaurants, bars and loads of other things to do. Also the Red Light District is just around the corner which has loads of bars and coffee shops leading to it for a good time. I had the best time in Amsterdam, was there for 3 nights and I thoroughly recommend this hotel. I'd stay here again in a second!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fabulous Place to Enjoy the City! This was my first trip to Amsterdam, so I have no comparison, but I loved it and will return to stay at this hotel again. I had such a great experience, why even bother to stay anywhere else right! The location was excellent, the staff polite and helpful, the rooms cleaned daily, with 24 hour security, and not to mention the view from our bay window!!! A great place to call home on a vacation/holiday and well worth every euro spent (continental breakfast was included, and the bar did not charge me for the endless glasses of iceI begged for)!!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lindawba
<Content>No complaints whatsoever We stayed for 3 nights and were not disappointed. Ideally situated just near Central Station and within walking distance of all the main attractions including bars and restaurants. The hotel was clean and comfortable with a good bathroom (bath and shower). The television had BBC1 BBC2 and BBC world as well as MTV. There was a chain on the door of our room.Breakfast was buffet style and better than a lot of continental breakfasts I've seen. There was a toaster to toast the many different types of bread, cold meats and cheese, baked beans, scrambled egg and boiled eggs, a variety of jams and peanut butter and 3 or 4 cereals, apples and plain yogurt.The negatives - no tea making facilities in the room - you have to take your own. Can be very noisy at night - you are unlikely to have an unbroken night's sleep.Would definitely stay there next time I visit this great city.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice enough, room for improvement The hotel was very clean and in an ideal central location. All the staff very friendly - and spoke excellent English! I had a single room, but it had a double bed and was a good size. The evening restaurant and bar were also lovely. However there were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room, and no security chain/lock on the door, which as a female travelling alone made me feel a bit nervous. It was also incredibly noisy both at night and during the day - I had to use ear plugs to sleep! Breakfast - which was included in the price - was nice enough but a bit limited in choice, there was no yoghurt or fresh fruit for example. Also there was nowhere secure to leave luggage during the day after I checked out, which seems to be a standard facility these days, although there were luggage lockers in Centraal Station just across the road.I had a pleasant trip but for 110 Euros a night I expected a bit more in terms of amenities.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, good breakfast This hotel has a good location within easy walking distance of the train station and attractions. We walked to all the main attractions, including the Rijksmuseum.Breakfast was very good with a decent amount of seating and a variety of cold cuts, cheese, breads, eggs, cereals, yogurt, etc. Definitely better than average for hotels in this class.We arrived before check-in time but they got us into our room early, which we really appreciated. (We had to wait for maybe 10-15 minutes because they were still cleaning our room, but that wasn't a big deal.)You had to pay an extra deposit to get the remote for your TV, which was kind of annoying. (We didn't bother.)Our room was quite a decent size and clean enough, but a little noisy at night.Overall, I thought it was a decent value, especially with the good location and good breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Sarah_78_8
<Content>Average hotel, average price We stayed at the Hotel Prins Hendrik for 3 nights in June 2005. Our room was clean and spacious, but was an unusual design - stairs to climb as soon as you enter. Would have appreciated tea and coffee making facilities which is normally standard in hotels.Location was good, although lots of building work in the immediate vicinity made it quite noisy at times.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal spot We stayed at the Prins Hendrik as a surprise for my husbands birthday. The hotel was great, ideal spot and the staff were very polite. We had a loft apartment which was a nice surprise, it was on 2 levels. It was very clean and serviced everyday.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CaptnHook
<Content>Good value for the price Just got back for a one-night stay at this hotel. Hoping to stay for two more nights but they are fully booked for the weekend. I usually travel by myself and book single room only, most of the time end up with a room the size of a big walk-in closet. This hotel has a single room rate but you get a good size double room. This is the best deal I found so far in Amsterdam for a single traveler who wants a good size room, with private bathroom facility, at a good location in Centrum. I used to like Rho Hotel for the same qualities (location, price, breakfast), but the single room deal in Hotel Prins Hendrik are far better. The only compliant I have there is no in-room safe.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MBD
<Content>Superb location, big rooms and friendly staff A group of 20 of us stayed at the Prins Hendrik from 9th to 11th April 2005. It's right opposite Central Station, and within about 3 minutes walk of the Red Light District and 5 minutes of Dam Square. Don't be put off if the Red Light District is not your thing - simply turn left out of the hotel instead of right and you're onto Damrak, which leads down to Dam Square and the many shops and attractions of Amsterdam.We found the staff at the hotel to be helpful and friendly, and the buffet breakfast was an excellent way to start the day, with a range of meats, cheeses, breads, cereals, eggs and the most delicious Dutch coffee. The hotel bar has a range of beers, wines and spirits, and is an ideal place to wind down at the end of the day or night.I'm hopefully going back in September with my partner, and she's really fussy about hotels so it must be ok!!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good Clean and comfortable, large rooms, excellent hot/cold buffet breakfast included.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>edeefcd
<Content>Nice pleasant Hotel I stayed in this hotel last year, when Ireland were playing the Netherlands, I found it quite pleasant for a 3 * hotel. I can however empatize with the party who had the bad experience trying to sleep, I stayed in a room along the side steet which was very noisy till very late then again it was mostly the soccer crowds causing this as there was a bar just across the street, when I did get to sleep it was grand until I was awoken very early in the morning by the morning Traffic, all in all it is a fine hotel well worth the money for location, Facilities and the excellent buffet breakfast which set me up for the whole day! I only came back to this site and found the reviews because I am looking for a hotel to bring my fiance to, I will probably get a 4 * though but if I was coming back with the lads or on my own Id have no problem staying here!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, basic; there are better options Stayed here mid-Jan, and didn't get time to write a review, so here goes .... When I see the continued rave revues about this place (that I read before booking), I thought I needed to add my 2 cents. This is a depressing place to stay in. Everything about it is drab. From the people to the decor, to the long maze-like corridors that take you to your room. Had a room at back of hotel (view of side street). It was clean and basic (you room key card must be inserted in slot above light switch to turn on electricity in room). Yes, it was noisy, but look where the hotel was situated. So that didn't bother me. The breakfast was substandard, but so be it. What I didn't like was having to prepay all 4 nights on arrival at the hotel. Tacky, tacky, tacky. I thought the folks at the front desk (front booth really) were just unsociable. Some were worse than others. Not a happy place to be. So, overall I found the place basic and clean, but a pretty miserable place to stay in. Wouldn't recommend this.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More than Happy with the Prins Hendrik My Wife and I along with our two children, stayed in the Prins Hendrik overnight on Thursday 17th February. We arrived at the hotel at approx 10:45 and checked in straight away. We were told that our room would be ready in around 15 mins and that if we wished to wait we could move in at that point. 10 mins later we were told that ourt room was ready. We had booked a family room and quite frankly expected a large double with 4 beds squeezed in . No such thing ! We had a very spacious room on the third floor with four beds, a coffee table with two seater couch and two chairs. There was also a writing desk and chair. The bathroom was large and had a bath with shower. Everything was clean (ie) Bedding , towels etc.The hotel has a great authentic old Dutch Bar attached and a lovely old wood panelled dining room serving a nice range of food at good prices. There are three or so three course set meals with the most expensive at around 27.50 euros, along side a range of individual dishes.There was a bit of traffic noise, but no more than in the center of any other major city and it certainly did not cause any of us any concern.Staff were all very pleasant to us, but then we were pleasant to them.Perhaps some of the previous contributers may want to take note.The Prins Hendrik is a good three star hotel and I would have no qualms about taking my family there again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AntrimTraveller
<Content>Great 3 star hotel My partner and I stayed in Prins Hendrik for 4 nights in February. Hotel staff were very polite and helpful. The room was very clean, spacious, warm and was serviced daily. Hotel is very central to facilities and sights. Easy access to trams at Central Station. There was a good selection at breakfast..... hot/cold in buffet style. Other reviews had said hotel was noisy. It was quite noisy outside one night but only because Newcastle United fans were visiting for a match!!!!! We'd highly recommend this hotel and will certainly stay again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>linoge
<Content>rude staff, noisy, dirty, expansive My partner and me stayed in Hotel Prins Hendrik for 2 nights in january. We choose this hotel because we read the good reviews on this site and so we thought we were going to a great hotel. We got of the train in amsterdam and the hotel was definitly in walking distance, so no problem there. We walked up to the reception and the guy behind the reception area was doing 30 things at the same time, we patiently waited, finally the guy helped us ( what ever happened to  the customer is king  and gave us our room ( AFTER paying in advance, weird ), it was a spacious room, the furniture was very old. All and all it seemed ok. ( it was dark otherwise we would have seen the dirtyness ). We put our suitcases down and went of to enjoy the amsterdam restaurants and bars. After a few hours and a few pints we came back to the hotel ( irritating that you have to give your key and ask for your key every time you walk in and out of the hotel ) and fall into our bed. HORRIBLE! what a disaster, we slept for 2 hours in total, the Noise in front of the hotel! unbelievable! all night it went on and on with taxis coming and going, taxi drivers who let their engines running than the bin collectors at 7 o clock! there is NO double glazing !! than the matrass which was horrible, very small, very thin and one side seemed lower than the other because the springs in the matras were not working anymore, my partner and i kept on rolling towards eachother. Breakfast was good enough and after breakfast we asked for another room with less noise and a better matrass, the receptionist looked at us and treated us as if we were anoying but eventually gave us a key to a different room.That room looked a bit better and seemed less noisy and the matrass seemed ok. The room was a lot smaller.That night everything was similar to the night before except that there was even more noise! The matrass had an  old  smell on it. The next morning we were totally wrecked, at 10.45 hrs. we got a knock on the door, my partner opened the door and saw it was the cleaner, wanna to clean our room, he said we had to leave NOW cus he had to clean the room, my partner gently explained to him that it was 10.45 and we were not ready yet. At 10.50 the phone rang, it was the receptionist saying that we had to leave the room, i explained that we were not ready yet. At 10.55 another knock at our door, this time a different cleaner, i was so annoyed by now that i opened the door and said we were not ready yet, and closed the door, the cleaner knocked on the door again and said:  I Was talking to you!  then i said that i was done talking to him. Unbelievable!!!!! We went downstairs and the guy at reception said: its about time  Wow! would you believe the rudeness of them, we felt as we got kicked out in an abusive way beyond believe.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Prins Hendrik need I say any more co'm the hoops. stayed here for 2 nights me and my partner room was very clean and tidy staff very friendly and would help you what ever you needed.room was large with very large bathroom. brilliant view of central station from our window plenty of shops and cafes just around the corner. atmosphere here is good enjoyed ourselfs very much . breakfast in hotel was ok not like your traditional fry-up but not to grumble got you through the morning.met a cuople on first ady they did,nt have anywhere to stay took them back to our hotel which the staff there got them a room right away which was on the 3 floor which had a spirial staircase leading up to the door it was brilliant they had to stay off the drink ha ha .if you get this room hope you have little luggage. but it,s an experience. would stay here again when we come back. see you soon paul,diane.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average Amsterdam 3 star hotel The Prins Hendrik is a pretty average 3 star hotel by Amsterdam hotel standards. In 6 visits to Amsterdam always staying in 2/3 star hotels I have stayed in better but I have also stayed in much worse.Having visited Amsterdam so many times for me three things matter in an Amsterdam hotel - location, an adequate level of comfort and peace  quiet. The location of this hotel is pretty good - 2 minutes from Central Station with numerous restaurants nearbye. Most attractions are within either 10/15 minutes walk or, if you prefer, an easy tram ride from Central Station.Comfort is OK although I was disappointed with a few things - the room was too hot with no method of opening a window or turning down the heat, the towels were thin, the mattress soft, breakfast indifferent - the scrambled egg is only for the brave. You get the picture - Ok for those on a budget with limited expectations. If you want comfort in Amsterdam look at 4/5 star hotels and pay the premium.Noise? Awful!! If you stay in this hotel either take ear plugs or ensure that you can get a room at the rear of the hotel. There is no double glazing. The noise from traffic is not a problem but the hotel is 5 minutes from the RLD so you can get people walking past the hotel shouting until about 3am. In 2 nights I got about 3 hours sleep each night. By the way I stayed there Monday  Tuesday nights....I dread to think what it is like at the weekend.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wretched time Having scanned other reviews on this site we then booked two rooms for 4 nights recently. We got adjacent rooms as requested when we booked and thought all was well. The second room (103) clearly stank and was really noisy. It overlooked the railway station with the bar underneath. The manager was totally indifferent to our request for another room saying the others would be worse.We hardly slept that night and realised the contributory factor was single glazing of the windows. (unbelievable!) The next night was so bad that we moved our mattresses into the quiter room and vowed to move out asap which we did the next morning. Again total indifference from the manager. We moved to the Crown Plaza which for a small amount more was much better value (separate posting on the site)What I can't understand is how our experiences were so different from others posted on this site except one who summarised their experiences as.....Terrible mattress, old worn carpet, thin walls, a smoky smelling room (though it was supposedly non-smoking) and a mediocre breakfast. This really sums up our experiences....and rate this as one of the worst we have ever stayed at.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DDootsie
<Content>Lovely hotel, great location I booked this hotel for a one night stay in Amsterdam in October after reading Tripadvisor reviews, and I'm glad I did. Very spacious room with lovely bathroom, and the location can't be faulted - right across from Central Station, walking distance to all the sights, and just on the corner of the red light district. We ate in the hotel restaurant which was also superb.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel-Top Location When I walked out of the central railwaystation in Amsterdam I,crossed the bridge and entered the first hotel,why not?It turned out to be a great hotel with nice clean spacy rooms somewhat,else than other rooms I have been at in 3 starhotels elsewhere in Europe.A very friendly and helpfull reception staff an, a fantastic bar andrestaurant are the three things that will make me stay there again on,my next visit to Amsterdam.And dont forget to spent some time on their fantastic terrace in front,of the bar or restaurant, its a guess to watch all the paople passing by.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disputed charge a month later??? We stayed here and paid cash, a month later, we got an unauthorized charge on our visa. With no phone number, address, etc. to be able to contact them to dispute the charge.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geoffboxer
<Content>Proberbly the best 3 star in Amsterdam.   showReview(2499257, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LCFC
<Content>Good value for money!   showReview(2448214, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel   showReview(2379982, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well located and above average   showReview(2265084, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Christy1
<Content>Not a good choice   showReview(1760875, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mlhaa
<Content>Nice Hotel   showReview(1750999, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tryonemoretime
<Content>Good location   showReview(1687351, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BlueMorpho
<Content>Great location   showReview(1258689, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Emanuele_Berger
<Content>Un po' deludente   showReview(16933960, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	4	3	1	

