<Author>Wayne-Gemma
<Content>Great location for exploring Hollywood! Was here for the last night of our month long honeymoon. Location was great (just 5 mins walk from the Chinese Theatre, Walk of Fame etc), staff were really friendly, the room was a good size, and there was a pool to use. Definitely recommend it as a place to stay if you're visiting Hollywood.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Eilth
<Content>A Great Hotel in a Great Location A small, really friendly hotel 5 minutes from the Chinese Theatre. The rooms could be spruced up a bit but there is so much to do in LA that the room was only used for sleeping in.Staff were incredibly friendly and helpful and the hotel is literally a 5 minute walk from the Chinese Theatre, Walk of Fame etc.Would definately reccommend if you are trying to stick to a budget and would return myself. Make sure you have a midnight swim!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>klive1961
<Content>Can't fault the Magic! I find it hard to fault the Magic Castle. Visited the Hotel twice in the past 10 years and this time around, had the choice of choosing a 'cheaper' deal at a hotel located just around the corner. I didn't think twice and plumped for the Magic. Great spacious rooms, complimentary mini bar, cheap/secure car parking and the fact that you can sit poolside, enjoying the free breakfast whilst surfing the internet with the free wandering WIFI access makes the Magic real value for money and a cool place to be.Can't wait for my return visit to LA and the brilliant Magic Castle Hotel. Oh, yes and the staff are friendly, helpful too.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Chriswith2kidsandawife
<Content>Good value, great staff, lots of steps! The Magic Castle hotel is good value - we booked 2 rooms which were really large suites, with a kitchenette, sofabed and large dining table. This would make an ideal base for staying for a few days to explore LA.Pros:- Good value- Close to Graumann's Chinese Theatre etc.- Great staff (really, they were very helpful and cheerful)- Free mini bar; saves a fortune on candy and soda for the kids and water for us.- great complementary continenal breakfast- pool open all hoursCons:- Lots and lots of stairs. A bit of a pain when dragging in 2 week's worth of luggage into and out of, but other than that not a problem.- No views from the rooms- could do with the interior decor updating and brighter lighting in the rooms (they were really quite dark even in full daylight)We stayed just around the corner from the Magic Castle hotel, in the Hollywood Celebrity , in March. Whilst their rooms are cheaper, they are also smaller and there is no pool.As long as you aren't expecting the Ritz, this is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	5	5	

<Author>stef49
<Content>Great family hotel, excellent location       Lounge area in 1 bed suite  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>bex9338
<Content>Great location and friendly service! Nice location with only a few minutes walk to Hollywood Boulevard. Minor breakfast included.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SpecialSweet16
<Content>'SWEET 16' A SMASH!!!! We took our daughter to Hollywood/LA for her 16th birthday on October 16! After making the hotel reservation with Gretchen, she mentioned the hotel would do 'something' for her birthday, too! I was really surprised and impressed when I got a phone call and email from Mary Jane asking what they could do to make our trip extra special and my daughter's birthday especially memorable. I told Mary Jane a few things about our daughter, and when we got to our room, our daughter couldn't believe her eyes!! There were balloons, sparkling soda, sixteen candles on a beautfully decorated chocolate cake, personalized greeting card in her favorite color with a picture of the Jonas Brothers on the front AND a JONAS BROTHERS CANVAS TOTE BAG! WOW!!! We were very pleasantly surprised, and after an 8-hour road trip, it got us pumped and ready to go, again. Our daughter always talked about her trip to New York, but this Hollywood/LA trip beats all (and, she is a hard to please teenager!!!!). And, thanks Mary Jane for greeting us at the front desk when you heard us check-in and for bringing us a refreshing glass of 'lemon sprtiz.' It felt like like you were waiting on family to come in and visit. And, thanks, Jeffrey, (the really nice bell captain) for helping us get around so easily. On our last day at the hotel, we left with a 'goodie bag' from the front desk minibar and munched on our snacks all the way home while talking about what a special trip we had.and how great everyone was to us at the Magic Castle......Thanks So Much!!!!!! The King family  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thosetwo
<Content>Very nice, very friendly We arrived early and our room wasn't ready, but the friendly staff offered us breakfast, stored our bags, and told us what interesting sights were nearby -- in the middle of Hollywood, so it wasn't hard to kill a couple of hours. When we returned they had upgraded us to a suite, and it was wonderful - roomy, cool (the temp went up to 95 one day, but we were comfortable) and clean. The free snacks and free WiFi were a very nice touch, and the staff couldn't have been more accommodating. We'd stay here again in a flash.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Phil2408
<Content>Excelletn value in the heart of Hollywood The Magic Castle is an excellent hotel, particularly well suited to families, just a few minutes walk from Hollywood Boulevard, Chinese Theatre, Walk of Fame etc. The suites are very large - plenty of room for families. However, they are quite old - the bathroom and kitchen fittings are particular dated, so if you are looking for a modern luxury hotel, this might not be for you. But even so, this hotel offers fantastic value with excellent service in a great location with lots of nice touches. On arrival, you are given a glass of lemonade and there is a turndown service with chocolates left on your pillow. But best of all is the free mini-bar. Unlimited soft drinks and candy all day. It really is free. At the prices usually charged for cola, this is a big money saver. The continental breakfast is very nice, and there is a good pool. The staff are excellent - they will help you will anything you ask them.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hummingbird60
<Content>Loved it, Loved it, Loved it!!!! An older hotel, but with classic Hollywood charm. Excellent service!!!!!!!! I can't say enough about the staff. It all began when our cab pulled up to the door and we were greeted as we were getting out. It was too early for us to check in so they provided us with breakfast and a place to store our luggage so that we could begin our sightseeing right away. We had never been to L.A. before and they were so helpful with EVERYTHING, from providing information about surrounding attractions, to making recommendations, to actually calling for tickets and taxis. They were there when we had questions, or if we needed anything at all. We sat around the pool every evening and they provided us with whatever we needed. I would definitely recommend this place and will stay there again if we ever make it back to L.A. This hotel gets a million stars plus in our book.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DebnNick
<Content>It's the little things and the attention to detail that make this a fab hotel We stayed here for two nights on 4-5th oct in a one bedroom suite with our two small children and we loved it. It was the last two nights of our trip to California and it did not disappoint. What makes this hotel amazing is the attention to detail and the little things that make you feel that they really want to please - such as the great complimentary breakfast which is nice and early at 7am, the free sodas and snacks and chocolate and crisps all day whenever you want and given with a smile and being told that they 'love' being able to do this for guests - wow! they even mailed my mum's postcards for free back to the UK! When we arrived we were given a glass of 'bubbly' to welcome us, the kids were given some play cards and rubber ducks and we were even sent up a gift of shampoos etc for the baby! The rooms are very comfy and well laid out, and very clean- yes they are not the plushest but we loved it. The pool is lovely too although we didn't get chance to use it and the location as other guests have stated is just perfect for an introduction to Hollywood. When we returned to our room in the evening we used to find chocs by the bed and a little card telling you what the weather would be doing the following day which my husband thought was fantastic as he is always checking the weather when we are on holiday!The manager, Darren, came round to see everyone and introduce himself at breakfast and took a real interest in what we thought of the hotel and the service and said that he reads comments on trip advisor every morning so if you're reading this Darren, I hope the sun is shining there still and I take my hat off to you and your team for the fantastic job you are doing, you have the best team in any hotel I have ever stayed in and we stayed at the Beverly Hills Hotel on our trip too so that is praise indeed! well done and thanks so much for a fab stay and for your hospitality and kindness by your staff - they are wonderful and work so hard to give your guests a pleasurable stay - we will definately be back!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moodycow
<Content>excellent hotel this is an excellent hotel in a very good location just 2 min walk to the chinese theatre and the walk of stars on hollywood bvld. you get free mini bar from reception which is open 24hrs as so is the pool which is heated. our room was very spacious with a seating area a seperate kitchen area. our bedroom was very good with alot of wardrobe space. the staff are very helpful and friendly, and there is free internet wireless in room. you get included a continental breakfast which you can eat by the pool or take back to your room. the only negative was we were not aware of the parking charge and so upon checkout there was a $20 parking charge for our 3 day stay.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LFC79
<Content>Nothing but magic! After seeing reviews on trip adviser we gave Magic Castle a chance.. .and were glad we did!The staff were friendly, the room was clean  huge, the bed was excellent but most of all the breakfast was very convenient. As it was our first stay in USA and we werent quite up with the tipping rules... as breaky was self serve i think your meant to leave a tip for the breakfast but im pretty sure we forgot - so i apologise to the staff!!! Location is perfect straight out the front door you walk 5 mins to Hollywood blvd. My only suggestion for your trip is if you go to USA - stay here in LA and go to Magic castle FIRST as there is no elevator in this hotel so its a little tricky if you have heaps of luggage. Overall we thought due to location, hotel services and guest relations this was the best hotel on our trip!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>writur
<Content>Excellent Service, Great Location, Roomy Rooms       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LisainConnecticut
<Content>Loved The Magic Castle Hotel!! My husband, myself, our children and two of their friends (ages 7 - 15) stayed at The Magic Castle Hotel in August of this year. We absolutely loved the hotel. We felt like it was our own apartment - there was so much space. Although the hotel is not brand new, it still was very clean and very comfortable. The kids loved the free snacks and the pool the best. We had a great time walking Hollywood Boulevard and going to Universal Studios. Everything was so convenient. The staff was beyond amazing. They were very helpful and very friendly. We could not have had a better time and we would highly reccomend this hotel to anyone. In addition, we highly recommend that you have dinner at the Magic Castle - for the adults only, of course. The dinners (the steaks especially) were awesome and the magic was amazing. Lisa in Connecticut  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rubybellissimo
<Content>Magic place for tourists I chose the hotel because I wanted access to the Magic Castle behind the hotel. So glad I did. Other reviews have identified the magic qualities of the Magic Castle Hotel. Superb staff, unfailingly helpful. My husband was ill one day and they were wonderful. They are young, energetic, authentic, polite, beautiful people with perfect customer service attitudes. Best hotel staff I have come across in .. 300 hotels?.. I have stayed in. We were upgraded to a ground floor one bedroom suite. Yes, it is a fading hotel, just like Hollywood is fading. Oh well, no matter. All the important bits were fine- a really comfortable bed, super spacious living area. Really good breakfast and nice to eat under the umbrellas around the pool. And the free nibbles all day and night... where else can you feel so much like you are at home? I will come back here with grandkids some day. They will love the hotel and its pool and the staff. Take them to the Castle, too, to see the magicians. A word of advice, the food at the Magic Castle restaurant (behind the hotel) is pretty ordinary. Choose simple dishes and cut your losses. or miss dinner and just pay to see the wonderful magic shows. Casual dress not permitted, jacket and tie for men.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lean_10
<Content>Great Staff let me start by saying that big difference is made by the Staff that this Hotel has. They are great, especially Shan. He has been extremely helpful during our stay. Rooms are fine, nothing from other world, A/C could be a little noisy but not an issue really. Complimentary Breakfast was good. I didnt use the pool but I saw many people enjoying it. If you get this hotel @ a good price I would go for it.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>nthsh01
<Content>Great Service-Great Location-A LIttle Shabby Spent one night at the Magic Castle, at the beginning of a week long vacation in Southern California. Our flight arrived at LAX an hour early, so we were concerned about arriving too early in the morning at the hotel. Not to worry, we not only received a friendly greeting and the obligatory fizzy lemonade in a champagne flute, but we were told our room was ready, and we were upgraded to a two bedroom suite. That was quite a pleasant surprise, but I guess after reading all the plaudits here for their service, it shouldn't be so suprising at all.The suite was obviously an old 1930's apartment, with some great architectual details - a living room, kitchen, huge bathroom, and two big bedrooms. Closets galore, and some really great toiletries. The furnishings, paint, etc. could use an upgrade, they were a bit shabby, and there was an odd smell in the entire suite. Several of the obviously new plantation shutters had some damage, which was a shame, as they looked great.The continental breakfast in the morning was much appreciated - nothing special, but very convenient. And the free snacks, soda, water, etc. at any time are a great plus.Combine all that with the suberb location, right next to the famous Magic Castle and you've got a winner. A bit faded, perhaps, but we'd stay again, for sure. Great staff, great location.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Geraldo_Bonzo
<Content>Great staff but hotel is fading       room  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LyseLaval
<Content>Wonderful place I agree with previous comments indicated. What a wonderful place! I would return to Hollywood simply for the pleasure of staying at this hotel. During our vacation, our every need was met. They have great staff, clean premises and more than adequate kitchen facilites. Scott towels are provided for the purpose of drying dishes. If preferred, one could always bring along tea towels.The location of the hotel cannot be beat. It has a nice swimming pool. And, most appreciated, is the quiet atmosphere during the evenings and nights.This hotel provides the best value for the price.The following week, we went to Cal Mar Hotel in Santa Monica (my review is posted).As for the Magic Castle Brunch, I was not impressed. It is quite pricey for what it is (no association with the hotel, just the name).  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Leylachu
<Content>Great location, lovely people Staff were extremely courteous and helpful, even upgrading us when we mentioned we were on honeymoon. Everyone was treated so well and the little perks such as free mini bar, DVD rental and the like were nice touches. Anything we needed, especially local knowledge, they were only too pleased to help. The room was spacious and had everything we needed and more.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AbiV
<Content>Good location and good for families       Complimentary Breakfast by the Pool  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>TheEdwardsFamily
<Content>What a great place!! Will stay there again We stayed here for 4 nights with our 2 teenage children and my parents and loved it, the staff are so lovely really helpful. The free mini bar was great so was the breakfast.The rooms are not to dated at all, they are clean, the bed is really comfortable for the price it was everything we could have wanted. So close to everything. I agree with the previous comment and would go back to LA just to stay at the Magic Castle. You are made to feel so welcome.Thank you so much to all of the staff for making our stay so great.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Robbie88888888
<Content>Good location We booked this hotel through the reviews given from Tripadvisor. And I must admit it is pretty much spot on. The only drawback was we were given the room facing the main road and the word noisy is an understatement. We tried to swap rooms but was told it was full. I 'm sure these rooms are regularly have complaints (118 and 119). Beware if the reception telling you that hey have given you an upgrade for room 119 at no extra cost.Apart from that everything else are great. Good location, great breakfast and free Wi-fi.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>ggmom
<Content>I'm Going Back!!!!       POOL AREA  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>samlondon86
<Content>Amazing stay! Cannot wait to return!       taken from our door  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Essexfamilyontour
<Content>I would go back to LA just to stay at the Magic Castle! There is nothing I can add that has not been said in earlier reviews - we loved the Magic Castle - the staff are wonderful and could not be more helpful, the children loved the free mini-bar, we felt very safe there, the pool was excellent, rooms incredibly spacious for the area and price - it's a wonderful, wonderful place - a real gem!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cheshirelad01
<Content>very enjoyable stay       secure parking at hotel  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>vdams
<Content>magic castle a big hit with family My husband, our two teenage children and I spent four nights at the castle and enjoyed it very much. We checked right in (did not get the welcome drink everyone talks about and I saw others get when they checked in) to a bottom floor room facing the pool that I had requested when I booked directly with the hotel. We like the room right away because of the size ( we just came from a much smaller room in san fran.) My son was in his glory with the free snacks that were given to him with a smile every time. I also made use of this feature on beach days and we must of saved a good one hundred bucks overall getting snacks before we left for the day. We swam one night the pool was clean and heated with nice music playing. We loved the baked goods in the morning the best of any continental breakfast we ever had. Another great feature of the hotel is they have washer and dryers. we were on vacation for two weeks so we need to do some wash. washer was one dollar per load and dryer around seventy five cents. They give you free laundry detergent. This hotel is everything this web site claims it to be. Friendly hard working staff, clean, great location , and with All the freebies its a good value for families. I have to give a shout out to the housekeeping staff. perfect service never knocking on door when we slept in and room always spotless when we returned with the extra turn down service you don't see much any more in this class hotel. Now I do have one complaint and its pretty significant. the air conditioning system is old and very loud which made it hard for me to get a good nights rest. Besides the noise the room temp changed from hot to cold all night long blankets on blankets off. I was unable to get up as early as I usually do making my mornings a little rushed. I never complained about this to management because moving rooms was not an option for me ( I hate doing that more then anything) and I read that was a problem so I suspected all the rooms were like that. I know the manager reads this site. Please do something with the air conditioners and you will have your self a perfect hotel in my opinion. Thanks for a great time.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>JENSBritinCopenhagen
<Content>If only... Hotels in LA are not cheap, so to find a property in this location whch offers this much space with these facilities and this level of service is a real find.  We, a family of four, stayed in a 1 bedroomed apartment for four days in mid July and we were allocated room 210 which is located at the back of the hotel with a balcony with a view over the pool. There was plenty of space for us all, and plenty of cupboard space as well. For your dollar you get a large double bedroom, a large living room with sofa bed, a kitchenette with space for four people to sit and eat and a bathroom with all the nececessaries. Continental breakfast, which you collect in reception and eat either in your room, balcony or beside the pool, is included in the price, there is covered car parking available at $10 per day, a very cosy pool/courtyard area and free snacks and soft drinks all day. If you want to stay in the middle of the Hollywood action, the location is perfect, just a few minutes walk from Hollywood/Highland. There are drawbacks, however. There is no lift and we saw plenty of people struggling with their cases up and down the stairs, although we were lucky enough to have a staff member help us on checking in. Do NOT expect luxury furniture and fittings - our bathroom had screw holes in the wall and mould around the bath partition. Finally, the outdoor walkways to and between the rooms are dimly lit and not particularly clean - although the rooms themselves are absolutely fine. What makes this place the top rated hotel in LA is the service. I have stayed in many hotels in many countires and I have never experienced a better standard of service. All the staff managed to hit exactly the right combination of friendliness and efficiency. Nothing was too much trouble. We were given directions to the subway, recommendations of where to eat, what to see and even how to tip.They gave us free passes to the nearby LA Fitness facility and a lift up to the wonderful Yamashiro restaurant further up the hill. They booked us tickets for the Magic Castle and insisted on driving us the 100 meters to the front door because my wife was wearing high heels. All the staff deserve the high praise you can read in these reviews. Truely exceptional. As I mention earlier, there are a few cons and if you are a couple looking for a luxury break or on business looking for business facilities, then the MCH may not be for you. For everybody else I would highly recommend this hotel. If only they could tidy up the bathrooms and walkways.....  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Elisha02
<Content>Excellent, Excellent The Magic Castle is fantastic, Great Location and the rooms are massive, very comftable bed. The free munchies, drinks and breakfast is great. But one the best thing there is the cucumber water... Very refreshing, I would definantly stay theer again  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Smooth_Sluggo
<Content>Great staff, but overrated ranking This hotel is a great example of how different types of hotels appeal to different types of people. If you are a family with lots of kids who would sacrifice room quality for quantity (size), the Magic Castle is perfect for you. If you don't have kids, you may be disappointed in the quality of the rooms.The staff at the Magic Castle is the best I have ever seen in the US. They go out of their way to smile, assist, and otherwise be polite. As an example, I asked for directions to NBC studios, and they promptly looked up the best route on mapquest.com, and gave me the printout, while concurrently advising me of the best / worst times to drive. Unlike other hotels that have a good staff, at the Magic Castle they seem very sincere. They deserve the oft-mentioned recognition. However, there is one downside: the check-in counter is very narrow (as is the front entrance), so they can only serve one person at a time...when they try to accommodate 2 guests, it becomes quite chaotic. The location is also excellent. Its one long block off of Hollywood Blvd, so its easy to walk there. The room comes with free WiFi and the 'free mini-bar' was also a nice touch. The breakfast may not fill up some people, but I was personally happy with it. I had a suite and the room was huge--much more than my wife and I needed. It would be great for kids. Unfortunately, the bathroom was very small, with peeling paint and tiles and an unintentional retro look of the 70's. The beds, carpeting, and furniture looked like it was several decades old, though the bedding was excellent and the downturn service--complete with tomorrow's temperature and soft music on the new stereo--was very nice. Sadly, it seems lost on the tiny TV and cheap (thin and harsh) towels...the plusses and the minuses cancel each other out. There was one other major disappointment with this room. The first was noise. It may be far enough from Hollywood Blvd to not hear anything there, but if you're on the ground floor with a room on Franklin Ave, good luck trying to sleep unless you turn up the tiny AC unit and drown everything out with white noise. Trucks seem to rumble on Franklin all night long, and you can hear every footstep in the room above you. I would have switched rooms but I also knew the hotel was full during my stay, so I didn't bother. As comfortable as the bedding was, it was hard to sleep with all the racket.If my wife and I return with our kids, we would definitely stay here again--there's lots of room for them to run around, and the cheapness of the room will alleviate any fears of their misbehavior. Based on this scenario, I could see them as being the best that LA has to offer. But would I return without them? I am sorry, but I could not recommend it. And having stayed in several other hotels in LA before, I can't quite fathom how its #1 overall. Respectfully submitted.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GMandSM
<Content>Great surprise!! We stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel while we were in L.A. recently and I was thoroughly impressed with the staff and the service they were second to none. Nothing is too much trouble for these people! When we arrived I was a bit sceptical as the furnishings were quite basic in the living area, in the bedrooms the beds were brand new looking and the linens were beautiful and white, spotlessly clean. We had lovely clean towels and the apartment was cleaned everyday. A complimentary breakfast was available at the reception each day which you could eat while sitting at the pool and if you required a cold drink or even a snack, you just asked at the reception which was always manned and again there it was complimentary. The staff were always willing to help even when we wanted to go to the cinema they looked on the internet to see what was on etc for us. For me the nicest bit of all was coming home in the evening to find your lights on for you, your beds turned down, two chocolates and a little card which told you what the weather was due to be the next day what a lovely touch..... It is in a great location too, just one street away from Hollywood Blvd. I would recommend this hotel with no hesitation please don't be put off with the basic furniture in the living area everything else more than makes up for that. Well done guys, keep up the good work !  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tim2788
<Content>A Gem In Hollywood!       Outside of the hotel  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>MariaDenmark
<Content>Soooo great! First of all - my expectations were pretty high due to tripadvisor, but i'm happy to say, that there were met!We were 5 adults and had therefore booked an 2 bedr. suite after seeing the cosy pictures of the poolarea. Upon arrivel, however, we found out that we were located outside the actual hotel (at a complex on the side) and were therefore a bit more alone. This may work out for some people and all though it was a somewhat peaceful street we still felt a bit left to ourselves (and the noise were quite heavy compared to our next room!). We arrived late saturday but after having a chat with the reception on sunday, we were moved inside the actual hotel to, again, an amazingly huge suite with plenty of room for 5!The free snacks and drinks were super for us - it was so easy that you could just get a bottle of water on your way out to explore LA. It would take forever to list the pros of this hotel, but I'm positive that this won't be my last visit to the magic castle hotel! On the con side I should mention that yes - the buildings are not brand new but the cosy feeling is priceless and, in my opinion, nowhere to be found at fancy new hotels!Thanks to the entire staff at Magic Castle Hotel - great job!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Brownes
<Content>The reviews were right! Fantastic Place! When I read the reviews on Trip Advisor I was hoping the hotel met our expectations....and it did!!!The location is great, just a quick stroll to Walk of Stars, Chinese Theatre , Kodak Theatre and shopping/ restaurant areas. The staff were amazing, so helpful and kind. We had a lot of problems with a local tour company called Starline Tours. (They run tours to Star homes, LA beaches etc Were terrible to deal with) They company tour did not go where it stated in the brochure. The staff at Magic Castle continued to contact Starline event after we left to try and arrange some sort of compensation.You can have FREE drinks and snacks from reception at any time (so great!) They even ordered us take away chinese one night as they were ordering their own dinner.The hotel is a little old but the staff and location definitely make up for it. I would recoomend to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelluvr
<Content>Awesome staff We stayed at the Magic Caste Hotel on a recent side-trip to a family reunion. We arrived early and unfortunately were not able to check in. That was fine as we had just travelled from NY and were starving. They sent us to The Grill for lunch and said they would call when the room was ready. We walked around the corner to the the Hollywood/Highland Complex and had lunch. The front desk called within an hour to tell us the room was ready. I had asked to be put on a waiting list for a 2 bedroom but there weren't any available. They offered to move us if we wanted the next day when one became available. The thought of packing up again didn't appeal to us so we stayed put! The room was fine- very clean and spacious with plenty of space to have 4 people spread out. We had 2 yound adult kids with us- 18  20. The 20 yr old got the sleeper sofa and the daughter shared the 2 queen beds with us in the bedroom. The bathroom was small but certainly adequate and it was nice to be able to open the window as there wasn't a fan. The 2nd day we returned hot and exhausted to our room at 4:30 and it hadn't been cleaned yet. The cleaning staff was just entering it when we got to the hotel. We were a little disappointed but just got a drink and waited on the pool deck with the free snacks. The parking garage is really different- you need 2 people to operate the entry system and it is very tight quarters. We never used the pool- it was closed the day we arrived -very milky white. The following 2 days people swam in it and it looked fine. Again ,everything around us was very clean. The 3rd day I asked if we could take the bath towels withus to the beach. Before I knew it - the girl at the front desk had packed us up a beach bag with beach towels, snacks and cold water. She even wanted to give us sunscreen!! This service is what MCH is all about. There wasn't anything they wouldn't do to make your stay wonderful. The location is perfect for Hollywood in a very safe residential neighborhood. My only concern was when we checked out there were 2 calls from our room which we never made. We had cell phones and honestly never even saw the room phone. Also- there was no one in LA for us to call! It was a local # and I would bet that housekeeping probably used the phone. That was the day we were at the beach the whole day. We paid the $2 fee and that was the end of it. It could use a coat of paint to spruce things up but other than that- it was great and we would return. There is nowhere else in LA you can stay for the price. The breakfast was fantastic and my kids loved it. The snacks came in handy and we even walked around the corner to Longs and bought a bottle of wine! I would highly recommend MCH.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sjbg
<Content>Outstanding staff Our family of four spent 6 nights at The Magic Castle in late June and had a terrific experience. Ok, so the rooms are a little tired and the air con hums but nothing could detract from the extraordinary perfomance and service of the staff at this hotel. They were helpful,friendly,resourceful - nothing was too much trouble. Combined with the great location,the complimentary snacks (don't underestimate these especially if you have kids!) and the size of the rooms, we would have no hesitation staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Frank65
<Content>Great and friendly stay       taken from Griffith observatory  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crecent
<Content>What to expect We were a family of (2) adults and (2) teens and here is our findings:Pros:* 24 Hours heated pool (small but efficient)* Free skans and candy bars offered at the hotel* Clean rooms and our suite was spaciuos w/ a queen sofa in living area and queen bed in the seperate bed room* Covenient walking distance stores (longs drugs, for light groceries and cosmetic supplies), souveneers shop and walk of fame.* Walking distance to a Duty Free shop for people traveling out of US* Walking distance to city tours bus stops* Walking distance to the movie stars hand prints promonade* Walking distance to Chineese theater* Walking distance to subway station where you could hub to Universal Studios for $1.25 ticket* Walking distance to ser=veral restaurants on Hollywood Blvd.* Walking distance to Hollywood Bowl (several musical events usually held there!)Cons:* Breakfast items (included) but limited in selection (no hot items) except for tea or coffee* Parking is extra $10 per day* Rooms air conditions are noisey and could be a problem sleeping at night although the hotel itself is in a quite neighborhood (no cenral air)* No elevator! you access the hotel rooms through several steps and that includes the lobby! NO HANDICAP ACCISSIBILITY* You could bet better prices in more stars near by hotels (shop around)* Make sure when you book if that would include taxes or they add it to the base price.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>shingers
<Content>Nice spot Stayed her for two nights as part of an east coast road trip and loved the place. Two bedroom suite was massive, large living and dining area and a kitchen. Air con to only master bedroom and lounge could have been a problem but never bothered us. As other reviewers have said the rooms are a bit tired and the surface round the pool was worn out and rough, however the staff were terrific, the continental breakfast was limited but high quality, and the location was great for the Chinese theatre and walk of fame.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>jane_birkin
<Content>Good service Nice place. The service was among the best that I have experienced at a hotel recently, and I travel a lot. They easily booked me a hair appointment on short notice, recommended restaurants, and advised me on traffic times. Love the breakfast. Plus I felt pretty secure with the need to swipe my room key to get both in and out of the parking garage at night. A plus when a woman travelling alone.The one thing I would say is that it is hard to figure out where the heck you're supposed to park when you pull in. There is an adjacent restaurant and from the street it appears that the doors for the hotel lobby are actually the restaurant entrance. They also tell you to review them on TripAdvisor if you're happy with your stay, which I thought was a bit tacky. But overall a terrifically convenient, reasonably priced, comfortable place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>drbabbers
<Content>Pure Magic!! Check InWe arrived at the hotel at 10am, this wasn鈥檛 an issue at all as our room was ready for us. The check in was a very friendly and welcoming experience; I was given a glass of complimentary lemonade and also an overview to the local area. I was also informed of the complimentary 24/7 mini bar! My initial impressions after the check in were very positive.HotelThe room itself was not a suite, but a king bed. The bed was very comfortable and it actually has a proper duvet as opposed to a single sheet that is very common in hotels. The bathroom was also nice, particularly the shower which was a large walk in style with sliding doors. The stairway leading up to our hotel could have done with a paint job and a bit of an update, but a minor complaint in such a fantastic place. Also provided was a large LCD and DVD player. Don鈥檛 forget to ask for a free DVD rental at reception! They have a large selection of complimentary DVD鈥檚 that you can watch in your room. Overall the room was average looking and could probably do with an update, but it was adequate for our needs and we felt very comfortable. Glancing round the hotel, the suites look very cool! We also had a fridge freezer in our room, but no other kitchen facilities, useful for keeping our drinks in and that was about it.There is a well sized heated swimming pool in the centre of the hotel, which is an attractive feature to glance at when you walk through the reception area. The rooms are kind of built surrounding it and if you are lucky you will have a balcony overlooking the pool. The hotel also has a very secure and cosy feeling to it when you are roaming about.Breakfast is also included and is a very relaxing and fulfilling experience. They have a continental breakfast on display which was very satisfying. We relaxed by the pool enjoying our food with other guests, everyone seemed to be very happy and this created a positive atmosphere for your morning meal. A great start to the day!Another thing worth mentioning is the free mini bar they offer. You can go to the front desk and ask for anything off the menu for free. It is a good selection of snacks and drinks, very impressive and served to you with a smile always.The free wireless internet access was the only real upset here. It was a working service, but was very slow pretty much every day. It was useable, but not as fast as other hotels I have stayed in.It is also worth mentioning that as the hotel is small and cosy, the noise can sometimes be a bit frustrating. The main thing is slamming doors. Pretty much every morning I could hear doors slamming at early hours, I guess some people are just inconsiderate to others. Some hotel have devices on the doors to prevent them slamming, something the Magic Castle may want to invest in perhaps.Staff100 percent the best hotel staff I have ever experienced. All of the staff at the Magic Castle are exceptional and provide the best service in any hotel I have stayed in. They all deserve a pay rise and are the backbone to this hotel. Every single person I spoke to was extremely helpful and also happy to listen to what I had to say. They also demonstrated going that extra mile on many occasions, Example 1: Myself and my partner were relaxing by the pool when one of the staff approached us offering us bottled water or a popsicle!, perfect to quench us whilst bathing in the hot sun. Example 2: I went to the front desk and asked for a DVD for the evening, the lady then said 鈥榟ow about some popcorn to go with that?鈥?I actually didn鈥檛 have a microwave in my room, but don鈥檛 worry they then offered to microwave it for me and bring it to our room! 2 minutes later there was a knock on the door and we had our delicious popcorn ready to eat. Outstanding customer service and what was more impressive was the fact we never actually had to request any of this, it was simply offered to us. If you want to feel welcome in a hotel this is the place to come! Another thing I found quite nice was a knock on the door each night with a card detailing the weather for the next day and also some free chocolate!LocationWe arrived at Union Station by Amtrak rail and the cab was 25 bucks to the hotel. About 8 miles I believe. Not too bad! The good thing is that this hotel is just round the corner from the main walk of fame strip in Hollywood. It was very convenient to go back and forth from the hotel to the local attractions on offer at Hollywood Blvd. Perfect location for what we wanted.OverallThis has to be the best overall hotel experience of my life. Whilst not necessarily being the best hotel in the world, The Magic Castle compensates by offering exceptional service and value for money, whilst also providing a location 2 minutes from the main features Hollywood has to offer. I would recommend this to anyone visiting Hollywood and I most certainly will return here if I am ever in the area. An absolute pleasure from start to finish.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	2	

<Author>brettystar
<Content>Depends what you are looking for My recent (and only) stay at The Magic Castle Hotel was mixed.The best asset that this hotel has is the staff - they truly are the most accommodating group of hotel staff that I have ever come across.I received the warmest, friendliest check in that I have ever had in my life. To me, the little touches is what differentiates good service from exceptional. To the welcome glass of lemonade, to the unlimited complimentary mini bar and the attitude that nothing you asked was any trouble - the service was first class. They make you feel like they are truly glad that you are their guest. I can only imagine that the owners must treat their staff well for all of them to be so happy.The worst asset of this hotel is the hotel itself. When I entered my room there was a very unusual and unpleasant odor in my room. I was only there for one night and was going to see 'Wicked' that evening so I didn't bother about asking to move rooms. However I got the feeling that the same smell would possibly be in the next room anyway. It was a mix of mustiness and cleaning product. It didn't go and was still there the next morning.The hotel room was extremely generous in size, especially for one person, however it was in bad shape. The kitchen and bathroom felt dirty; they weren't but they seemed like they were because they are so old.The security did not feel that great. From what I could see (and I could be wrong) there was only one door separating the guest rooms from the reception area (which anyone can walk into). I walked straight into the reception area and to my hotel room without anyone seeing me and as all the rooms have an outside entrance it kind of felt a little unsafe to me.It is close to Hollywood Boulevard however for those people visiting LA for the first time, I think it is better to stay in an area like West Hollywood or Beverly Hills.I spent one night at Magic Castle and another two at the Chamberlain in West Hollywood (I had always planned it this way), I felt so relieved when I got to the Chamberlain - I could just relax and not feel so on edge.Very long story short - the Magic Castle is conveniently located, has wonderful accommodating staff and offers a very good rate. However, when I visit LA I go there to relax by the pool and chill out. I think you can do this much better and in much more style at the Chamberlain (which charges a higher rate however).  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>Marcus_Garvey
<Content>Great Location - Needs updating Great Location but needs updating. Even though the facilities in the room were adequate, I just felt that the rooms were a little shabby and in serious need of a facelift.The safe in our room was out of order, the lightbulb on the balcony weren't working (this got replaced on the last day of our holiday even though I had reported it on arrival) and there was a dead bird on our balcony which eventually got removed.But despite these minor problems everything else was fine.The staff were great, apart from Mary Jane who was pretty miserable, but everyone else particularly Megan and Shaun were super.If like most people you don't spend too much time in your room on holiday, and can put up without 5 star luxury then it really is the ideal location to explore Hollywood and surrounding areas.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>spauldingja
<Content>Amazing Experience... Nothing but the best !!! Treated like gold! AMAZING!!! A+++ Service! There was nothing that the Magic Castle would not do for us! My girlfriend and I travel on business quite often. We went out to LA for business, but deciced that we needed an extra night for a little girl time! Gretchen went over and above the call of duty. From check in, to needing some band-aids... (they did not have the ones I needed so they were going to go to the store and get them). We asked where we could get a bottle of wine and poof.. there it was. They had one.... no problem. They turned the beds down. There was an amazing breakfast for us. They accomidated our every wishes and NOTHING was a problem. Always with a smile. The beds were yummy. The hotel was very 30's style! I loved it! Perfect location and easy to walk to some of the major sites. If you want good ole traditional service and not the typical service of a chain hotel. Stay here. The resturant at the top of the hill was breathtaking. The gardens were spectacualor. I can not wait to go back. Thank you Gretchen and Staff! You all were AWESOME  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robbandy
<Content>Great place for families to stay while visiting Hollywood My family of four (2 adults, 2 teens) stayed at the Magic Castle for 2 nights, and had a great experience. We had a suite with a bedroom with queen size bed and a pull out couch in the living room. The quality of the pullout couch wasn't wonderful, but it was fine for a teenager.The kitchen facilities were adequate although we didn't make full use of them. We got some takeout from a good local convenience store on Hollywood Blvd., about 10 minutes walk away, with a nice variety of prepared asian  western foods, but the oven, microwave, etc. in the kitchen were very handy. The room wasn't as modern as some generic hotel rooms, but it had a 40's/50's charm that you can't get in a modern hotel room, and certainly the rooms and bathrooms were clean.The staff was wonderful, even offered to drive us to the top of the hill to the Japanese restaurant, for us to admire the amazing view of Hollywood and L.A. We walked back down again, but I'm sure they would have picked us up had we requested it. Snacks were free upon request, as were DVD's from their extensive video library. The staff was always cheerful and friendly, and seem to enjoy working there!The location is great, about 2 blocks from the Chinese theater and Hollywood Blvd., but far enough away that noise was not really an issue, despite the hotel's location on a fairly busy street (although not a major boulevard). We didn't use the pool, but we did see a number of families using it. The nice breakfast buffet (included in the price) was a real plus; guests can either take their trays and sit by the pool, or bring them to their rooms to eat there. If you're looking for a luxurious Hollywood hotel stay (probably for a lot more money), don't stay here - but for budget-conscious travellers, especially families, looking for a good location and friendly atmosphere, this is a great place!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Mardukas
<Content>Small in Stature, Big on Service       Kitchen  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maryfoxwell
<Content>This hotel is Magic! My girl friend and myself were going to LA on business for a week, we went out a day early and stayed at this hotel. The only bad thing about this hotel stay, we could only stay one night! What an amazing staff! From the time we got there until we left, they took care of everything! I was greeted with a refreshing glass of sparkling lemonade, snacks and fresh fruit. I even asked where I could buy some wine, they handed me a bottle!When it came time for dinner, they not only made our reservation but took us there and picked us up! The view and dinner was to die for! It's a top the hill from the hotel and has a great story behind it! Ask the staff, they will tell you all about it! The pool was great and heated! I felt like I was an old time Hollywood movie star! If this hotel could talk, the history would be rich! The breakfast offers fresh baked breads  rolls from a local bakery along with fresh fruit and dairy products.Coming from Corp. hotels all the time, this was a welcomed stay!I will make plans to stay longer then next yr. What a great place for a girls get away! Thanks to all the staff for making us feel like we were the only guest there!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mommmy
<Content>Great time at the castle Stayed at the Magic Castle from May 5th-8th. This is a lovely hotel. The staff are great and very accomodating. The rooms are a bit dated but very clean and there was nothing to complain about with our room. We reserved a regular room but got upgraded to a one bedroom suite-excellent! The complimentary DVD's and snacks are a great perk. The breakfast in the morning was delicious and just what we needed before heading out for our busy day. If you have the chance do not miss the Magic Castle for dinner and the magic shows-we had such an awesome time! My husband and I rate this as one of the top 5 things we have ever done and we travel and do a lot of things. It was a once in a lifetime experience for sure. We also went to Yamashiro up the hill from the hotel. The view is spectacular and the food was first rate. This hotel can't be beat for the price, location and amentities. Glad I did my research on tripadvisor.com. I made the right choice with the help of the other travelers reviews!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>Jayboy4
<Content>Great value. Very pleased with Magic Castle The Magic Castle TA reviews brought us here, and we were not disappointed. We stayed two nights in a first-floor 1-bedroom right off the pool. The hotel is a block from Hollywood Blvd, and just north of Grauman's Theater. It is a landmark to locals and tours/deliveries all recognize it. Yes, the decor and fixtures are dated, but everything is clean and the service is exceptional. The continental breakfast, the location, whatever other 'extras' you get, the security, free wireless (this review is going out on it), and the great service you receive merely underline what a great value this hotel is. The feeling was much more like a cozy BB than a hotel.The Magic Castle is a great value and would work well for families looking to stretch out a bit beyond the normal hotel room box.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Theberd
<Content>Don't let the customer service at check-in fool you! When we arrived, I thought this was going to be a great place to stay. The staff was welcoming, and the hotel had lots of perks included. They gave us a welcome glass of lemonade and a list of DVDs you can borrow for free. The staff really went out of their way to provide excellent customer service. At least, that's how it seemed. THEN...We borrowed a DVD from the front desk. We went into the room and saw that the DVD player was missing. We went ahead and asked the girl at the front desk about it. She seemed very surprised and said there would be one in the room when we got back that evening. We got back to our room at about 10 pm, ready to settle into our movie. We were stopped by the guy at the front desk and told that they couldn't get the color to work on the DVD player, so we'd have to watch it in black and white. (Seriously?) This is when we realized that the customer service during our arrival was just an act. We thought, ok, that's ridiculous, but we'll suck it up and watch black and white. We turn on the system and realize the DVD player not only has no color but no sound. Additionally, the picture looked so pixelated, it was basically unwatchable. I called the front desk to ask how they could resolve this situation. The girl told me she'd have to call me back in 5 minutes so she could talk to the manager. Fine. 10 minutes later, she called to tell me that the room description did not guarantee a DVD player, so we were out of luck. Now I started getting upset. Most hotels would offer to move you to a different room or comp you in some way. NOT THE MAGIC CASTLE. I asked to be moved. She said she couldn't do that, so I asked to speak to the manager. Coincidentally, she had left 5 minutes before. She would talk to the supervisor, who was on his break. He'd call back in 5 minutes. 15 minutes later, she called back to say that the only room they had was a suite. If we wanted to move, we'd have to pay an extra $30 for the upgrade. Now I was getting really upset at the horrible service. I asked her if she would rather have an empty room and an upset customer. There's nothing I can do unless you want to pay the extra money. I told her there was no way I was paying extra to get the services that they had promised me when I checked in. 20 minutes go by, and she calls back to offer a complimentary move to the suite. It is now 11 pm! When we checked out, the girl at the front desk asked how our stay was. I told her we had some problems. Her response: I'm sorry to hear that. Seriously, that was it! No follow-up. No offers to make things right. Nothing. And the last straw was that when we got our bill, there was a $10 parking charge that is neither listed on their website nor mentioned when they give you the parking permit. Lastly, these rooms are renovated in the cheapest way I have ever seen. Door jams look like they've been broken into. The tubs were resurfaced and are now peeling. Etc, etc, etc.If you are going to stay here, HOPE against HOPE that you have no problems. They will *not* be solved here.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Hamptonmom
<Content>Sooo Cute Loved this place. I was a little wary when I first got there, however the staff, the cold drink and a snack while waited for my room helped a lot. Yes it is very dated. I reminded me of the 1950s. Once I got into my room I was pleasantly surprised. It was nicely furnished and exceptionally clean. Some of the upgrades needed upgrading again. The new finish on the old tub was pealing and some water stains were showing through the paint job. Hollywood leaves much to be desired things have changed a lot since I was there over 20 years ago. the staff is the best thing about the castle, they do everything they can to make your stay pleasant. Don't miss the great cucumber water in the lobby. I have never tasted anything so refreshing.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	5	5	2	

<Author>rattyratrat
<Content>Will stay here again FOR SURE!!! We stayed here for 6 nights and loved every minute of it. The front desk staff made us feel so welcome. The breakfast was delicious and a fantastic start to the day.The bed was the most comfortable of any hotel in our one month US/Canada stay. We felt like it was a home away from home. Rooms were clean and comfortable. We stayed in the room without a kitchen but this was fine for our needs. The front desk helped us with driving directions, restaurant suggestions and even where to get my nails done!! Nothing was too much trouble for them and everything was done with a smile. The free snacks and drinks were a great touch as we never had to find a store to buy these items. We really were spoilt.We would recommend this hotel to anyone and will most definately stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wldwky
<Content>Great time at the Magic Castle We recently stayed at the Magic Castle over April vacation with our 2 kids (12 years old twins). It was great to have the suite so the kids had their own bed and tv and we had a king bed and tv in the other room. The room was a little outdated as others have said but very clean. The daily terry bath robes, mints on the pillow and weather forcast for the next day left by the maids was a plus. There was a free continental breakfast which we took advantage of every morning but one, and a small kitchen with microwave, stove and fridge. The kids LOVED that they had free snacks and drinks at the front desk and they could run down themselves and get whatever snacks they wanted. The days we swam in the heated pool they even brought out bottles of water and popsicles for us. The staff couldn't have been nicer. We enjoyed the free DVD's in the evening to help unwind from the day. The location was convenient and parking was only $10/day. Overall it was a well enjoyed vacation by all, I would definately recommend the Magic Castle.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AJCairns
<Content>Fabulous Staff, Great Location !! Our family of 5 stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel for 4 nights in April. We were thoroughly delighted with our stay. The rooms were spacious and clean although not the most modern decor, but then we weren't visiting LA to critique hotel furniture!The staff go beyond fabulous. They are always friendly and helpful at all times. Our kids loved the swimming pool, free mini bar and breakfasts. The location is wonderful, so close to Hollywood Blvd and all the tours depart from there too! The metro train stattion is also just down the block.Our only down side was having been woken up 2 nights in a row by the same guests. The returned to the hotel at 2.30am and decided to sit outside our window smoking and chatting loudly! I promptly contacted front desk and was astounded with how quickly the situation was dealt with. Rembering that the hotel can't be responsible for the actions of others, I didn't see that as a mark against the MAgic Castle Hotel.We would definitely return to this hotel without hesitation. We were thrilled with this experience.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>feefeefifi
<Content>Perfect We selected the Magic Castle after reviewing the trips on this site. It was more than we could have expected for a 3* hotel - one of the cheapest we could find! The staff could not have been more helpful. Lots of comlimentary extras like breakfast, drinks snaks, excellent toliteries, dvds, mints, a weather report posted under your door for the next day! It is in a perfect location, great swimming pool, clean rooms. I do not think there is anywhere better for the price.Top tip: get the staff to book you into the CalAsian restaurant at the top of the hill behind the hotel. The hotel staff took us in their car and picked us up. We got a complimentary appitiser. The view over LA was spectaular and the food absolutely delicious!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>knkuk
<Content>Fab hotel! This is a great hotel, a real one off!We had a fab suite with living room, kitchen/diner and seperate bedroom and bathroom.The fixtures and fittings were a little dated, but we felt that added to the charm, and everything was immaculately clean.The staff were fantastic and happy to help with anything any time of day or night. And the free mini bar is a great service, they even made sure we had enough food and drink for our forward journey.Breakfast was served in the reception every morning (croissants, danishes, muffins, cereals etc).Parking was $10 a day in a secure under ground car park, which we thought was a really good price for 24 hour parking in a city.The hotel is in a great location for the Walk of Fame, Kodak Theatre and bus stops for the tours.If we returned to LA we wouldn't look at any other hotels, we'd book straight back into the Magic Caste!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>34fun
<Content>Great girlfriends retreat -- clean, quiet, great location I planned a trip for myself and three girlfriends and wanted someplace within a reasonable distance of the Pantages theater (Wicked). Hollywood seems full of margin hotels at high prices but the Magic Castle is an excellent value for the price ($189). Our one bedroom suite had a queen sofa sleeper in the LR (comfortable) and a queen in the bedroom. I requested a quiet room and was given room 210 overlooking the pool. I am a light sleeper and heard NOTHING. We enjoyed the free snacks, excellent location, reasonable parking ($10) and friendly staff. The free breakfast was great and the rooms were clean. The nearby Renaissance and Roosevelt hotels are $100 more per night at least, with fewer amenities. I will return to the Magic Castle again!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JustExploring
<Content>Amazing surprise After a bad night's stay in another hotel, we were thrilled with this hotel and constantly surprised. Every one of the staff was fun, friendly and helpful. The room was huge. Included a DVD player and free rentals. Smelled awful - be sure to ask for a non-smoking room. The beds were comfortable. TWO tvs. Parts of it were not updated but all was clean and comfortable. The breakfast was wonderful and healthy. They had a free mini bar at the front desk. The staff delivered water and popsicles by the pool. They have a gorgeous sister restaurant, so far on top of a Hollywood Hill that they offer you a ride up. We were so sad they had no availabilities the next night.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>upsidedown_i
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Magic Castle       The view of the pool from our room door.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>GirlieGirlTravel
<Content>Perfect For Us! My family just got back from our week in California with the Magic Castle Hotel being the highlight! We were travelling with two adults and two teenage boys. Perfect, perfect!We spent three nights at the hotel after a couple of nights in Santa Barbara. The Magic Castle Hotel is within walking distance of Grauman's Chinese Theater which is a great shopping/dining area.Our room was the size of an apartment with a separate bedroom with two full size beds. The living area had a pull out sofa sleeper. We had a full kitchen complete with stove, microwave, fridge, etc.Upon check-in we were greeted with a faux, yummy, champagne for each of us and an extensive list of free snacks that we could ask for at anytime. There was also a list of dvd's that you could rent, again for free. With a room rate of a little over $200 a night, the freebies really added up. It was great to walk by the front desk, on our way out for the day, and have free bottled water waiting for us.The continental breakfast included fresh fruits, cereals, juices, and yogurt. Every evening there was iced cucumber water sitting in the lobby. Everytime we walked into the hotel, one of the employees would greet us and make sure our stay was going along perfectly.The staff was as attentive and nice as they could be. I cannot think of anything I would've changed about our stay at the Magic Castle Hotel. If we thought of it, they provided it, with a smile on their face.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>M18elle
<Content>Almost Perfect!! My husband and I stayed at the Magic Castle hotel for 4 days and found the hotel staff were beyond helpful and friendly in fact they were amazing. Upon our arrival we were upgraded to a suite which was a pleasant surprise. We were at the back of the property on the top floor, overlooking the pool. We didn't use the pool but some kids used it whilst we were there and seemed to be having a ball. Now for the not so great:-We (or I should say my husband) had to struggle up the stairs with our cases without any assistanceThe bath had a little bit of mould around the grouting but the bathroom itself was otherwise clean they alos provided fluffy robesThe furniture was a little scruffy in places and could do with being updated. This was true of the hotel in general, it is in need of an upgrade especially the main reception, walkways and stairs. All in all these things were not a big deal and really didn't spoil our stay. The suite we stayed in had a fully equiped kitchen: microwave cooker, fridge freezer with ice tray coffee maker. The living area was spacious with generous seating a tv and satelite and DVD player. The bedroom was very comfortable with a king size bed lovely! it also had ample wardrobe space and tv and satelite and lovely lighting. We could not hear much road noise as we were at the back but I have to say that the walls are very thin and could almost make out the conversation the people below us were having. But that said, luckily we did not have any noisy neighbours during our stay. The hotel is in a great location within walking distance to the Kodak Theatre and other attractions, most tours pick up from this hotel too. Most attractions were no more than 20 mins drive away.I think it's fair to say that what made the stay good for us was the amazing staff (we have stayed at some top hotels but I have to say that the staff here rival those) who were more that happy to help with anything from turning on the heating system almost immediately when asked and booking our tour which was brill!!. Oh and not to forget the free mini bar snacks and drinks that were availiable 24hrs and DVD supplies.If it's luxury you're after then this is not the place for you. But if you want to be treated like royalty be comfortable in knowing that the Magic Castle is not only value for money but is a great place to stay for seeing Los Angeles, Beverley Hill and such places.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>FamilyGrove
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for 3 nights late March 2008 and had a great time. The location is excellent - easy walking to the Chinese Theatre and the subway stop that takes you to Universal Studios. The Reception staff were superb, extremely helpful and the kids absolutely loved the free drinks and numerous snacks available from Reception. Also the free DVD rental facility. While it's true there is a parking charge per night, it's what you come to expect in large cities these days.The only minor issue we had was with housekeeping. Our toiletries were not replaced/refilled during our 3 day stay and a broken lamp which we reported on our first night wasn't dealt with, but all in all a very good place to stay in Hollywood.We had a takeaway one night from a local Chinese restaurant called Le Oriental Bistro. The food was fabulous!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>CJsmile
<Content>Little gem found in Hollywood! Loved the Magic Castle Hotel! We stayed for 3 nights and were welcomed like family. Daphne gave me a big cuddle when we arrived as I had been emailing her prior to our arrival. This was the first part of our holiday to the USA to celebrate our silver wedding anniversary. Not only were we upgraded to a 1 bed suite upon arrival, but we found that the staff had left us a bottle of wine (called Honey Moon) and a congratulations card signed by them all which was a lovely touch! The bed linen and pillows were beautifully clean and fresh as were the towels and dressing gowns. The furnishings are a little dated I agree, but our stay here was excellent. The staff are so friendly and will go out of their way to make your stay as pleasant as possible. Gretchen, the front office manager drove us up to the Yamashiro restaurant to have a look round and gave us some useful information which was a lovely touch. They provide free breakfast and a free 24hour mini bar service from reception giving free snacks, chocolate and soft drinks. The location of the hotel was great - one street away from Hollywood boulevard and the Metro subway - one stop to Universal Studios.Overall a lovely stay which I would not hesitate to repeat on our next visit to Hollywood.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ypoons
<Content>Wonderful Stay!! Great Service!! We were only staying one night and wanted to take our kids (9, 12) to see the walk of fame, so we wanted to stay within walking distance of Hollywood Blvd. This was Perfect! We were two blocks away. The hotel had Excellent service. They greeted us with a drink (non-a) and knew who we were. Snacks, pop and movies were free. Selection was great. Everyone was so friendly and when we asked for extra blankets, someone was there within 10 minutes. Our room was large with a separate bedroom with TV. We could put the kids to bed and stay up to watch TV and use the kitchen. The staff suggested a pizza place to deliver and it was terrific and delivered right to the room. We also had a cruize to catch the next day and they set us up with a driver in a large towncar to take us to the port of LA. He was outstanding too! He even was there to pick us up when the ship came back in and took us to the airport and that was on Easter! Absolutely wonder service. We all are looking forward to visiting again! Oh and the pool was great too!The only issue that could be for someone are the stairs and there is no elevator. Remeber these are old apartments, but ours was kept up VERY well.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Andrewuk56
<Content>Excellent service and great location We stayed for 16 nights and found the location to be excellent for all the tourist sites, especially in the Hollywood / Beverly Hills area, being only a short walk from the chinese theatre and Kodak theatre on Hollywood BoulevardWe were very impressed with the staff who were friendly and very helpful , the service from the staff was without fault, the best we have experienced in a long time.The pool was clean and well maintained and heated, very nice indeed. The Magic Castle Club adjoining the hotel gives membership to hotel guests but bear in mind if you have children you will only be allowed to take them in for Sunday Brunch, all other times is Adult only. Having said that the Brunch was excellent and great magic shows to accompany it. There is a strict dress code but relaxed a little for the Brunch.So why only the average rating ?Safe parking in underground car park but $10 per day and we were charged for all 16 nights although we only parked in the garage on 13 of the 16 days being away in San Diego and Las Vegas for a few days.Our big dissapointment was our room, room 108 which was a suite but in a bad position being on the gorund floor the view from the windows was a derelict falling down fence at the back of the hotel. The suite was also in bad need of decoration and refurbishment, no handles on the wardrobe doors, loose electrical sockets, the fridge wasn't working although was quickly replaced. The bathroom was the worst being in a very poor state of repair, although clean. The Plumbing system was very noisy so if anyone in an adjoining room decide to have a shower in the early hours you could not fail to wake up.We didn't see inside any other rooms, but would recommend you ask for a pool view room.There is no bar or restaurant, except in the adjoining club but an adequate continental style breakfast is servved in the lobby, you can sit around the pool or take it to your room, although we found it hard to get a table by the pool as there were only a small number and in great demand.I would certainly recommend this hotel on the grounds of service and location alone, but bear in mind your room may be quite the same as the photos on the website !Andrew ParkerSuffolkEnglandUK  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>PATwinMom
<Content>Good deal for families! This hotel is a former apt bldg which provides clean but somewhat shabby rooms. We were traveling with teenagers and needed more than one sleeper sofa for them, but were not eager to spring for 2 hotel rooms, so having both an extra bedroom and a sleeper sofa in the living room was ideal. We reserved a 2-bedroom unit, which is recommended if you are troubled by noise, as these units are in the back (away from the street). We also appreciated the heated swimming pool, the free breakfast (fruit, scones, muffins, juices, coffee), the laundry facilities, the free water bottles and snacks and the cheerful hospitality of the staff (who readily offered advice, printed directions to sites and help with dinner reservations). It was also convenient having a reasonably priced parking facility ($10 a night) underneath the hotel. (L.A. is huge and sprawling, so you need a car to see anything beyond the immediate Hollywood area.) I would choose something newer and nicer if it were just the two of us, but if you are traveling with kids who are too big to share a sleeper sofa (and the local suite hotels I tried informed me that they did not have additional cots at their L.A. locations), this works out well.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>c4sper21
<Content>AVOID!!!! Possibly my worst experience of Los Angeles.We had been touring the west coast for 3 weeks and booked this hotel as our final destination, the last 3 nights of our holiday. It was the most expensive and by far the worst in both terms of facilities and service.When we arrived there was some kind of magician's event on at the club....we found it very difficult to find parking...but accepted that it was a one off due to the event.When we arrived at reception our visit started promisingly, we were met with a cocktail and a very enthusiastic female. We were shown to our room....right at the very back of the hotel in a corner on the first floor.Right away...I had my reservations. The room layout was very very odd and snug to say the least. As we had been travelling by parter was desperate for a shower. As soon as the shower went on..the lights and the tv in the room started to flash on and off.....there was a terrible rackett from a generator and the pwoer cut on and off....Right away I called reception who told me they'd send an engineer....The engineer arrived to tell me that the room had been made by splitting a larger room into two...and that he'd had reservations about the electricity circuit since it had been done. Right away I called reception to explain....they advised that they'd fix it the following day. I refused to stay in a room which was unsafe. To be fair to the hotel...all be it grudgingly....they moved us another room, a much larger room, right next to reception.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	3	4	2	2	2	

<Author>Feddans
<Content>Very enjoyable stay Having spent the past three weeks touring New York and Florida we ended up at the Magic Castle. A family of four, (Parents and a 15 and 11 year old)We found the hotel through the web/Tripadvisor and went through recommendation from reviews.For us it was great value and a very enjoyable stay. Breakfast, soft drinks, movies and snacks all included in the price. The staff where very helpful at all times and Daphne and her team went out of their way to assist.If doing any of the tours take a walk to Gaumanns/Kodak threatre and catch the tour bus from there. It is a very short walk from the hotel and will save you hanging around waiting for pickup.Our two bedroom apartment was very big and we had everything we needed.Having stayed in many hotels around the world i would say that this place represents very good value for money with excellent service. Parking is very cheap at $9/day. The hotel hired a car for us and off we went cruising.Enjoy the hotel for its location and for what it has to offer.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RomiB
<Content>Extra charge I just came back from the trip in California and stayed in Magic Castel,stuff are very friendly,change room upon request because the first one we got was super noisy overlooking the main str.Make sure you would not get that room.The other room was facing the Magic Castle club and had huge A/C going on so it was not very quiet either but at least it was not the huge traffic as the first room.Also this room had another door that would go into another probably 2 bedroom apt. and we could hear ppl talking any time they were at the living room.Our room (#305) need to be updated and they need to change toilet seat plus every door are very squeeky.Specialy our apt.next door.Breakfest was very good addition but one thing I have to say that they charge 10 $ per day for parking which we didn't know about and traveling from Florida half day(my fault that I sign paper when we arrived but beeing tired didn't read the whole page so it would be nice to mention those 70 $ for week for parking,don't you?Not to find out when you come back home there is extra charge.Go see Griffin Observatory(great view on whole LA,great show about planets ,earth),Getty museum-also nice view on Beverly Hills and downtown behind,Santa Barbara-the best city,clean,friendly ppl,beautiful,Solvang-dutch looking city 3,5 hours away from L.A,Farmers market-nice shopping,good dinning (just careful about parking charges),downtown L.A,Beverly Hills hotel ,maybe you will be lucky to see one of the hottest celebrities .(we saw Mariah Carey) and definately UCLA that is amazing (almost felt like in one of the Harry Potter movies).  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sheamy
<Content>Great hotel - the personal touch Having had the Magic Castle hotel recommended on trip advisor, I decided to book the hotel for 2 nights as part of our honeymoon to california. I booked directly through the website, and made the comment that it was our honeymoon stay (as I did with all the hotels - just in case!). When we arrived the bed had rose petals and there was complementary red wine  a conrats card from the hotel which I thought was very nice touch!The hotel its self is in a great location for discovering Hollywood  LA - if you really need to! We were very dissapointed with LA (in comparision with the other places on our trip, San Fran, San Diego etc), Hollywood was the wiredest mixture of freaks and disposible camera wielding tourists i have ever seen. However I am glad we did it as we seen all the sights form the movies etc. and was nice to have 'ticked the box'!The breakfast in the moring was more than adequate and the free drinks/snacks from reception were another unique plus point. Along with free wireless access  friendliness of the staff we were more than happy with our choice, and if this hotel was in a different city - we would definitley be back!!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>967776
<Content>Service Beyond Belief This venue is a gem. I have stayed in Hotels around the world and have never been so pleased. The staff truley go beyond your expectations to make just about anything happen you request. The building itself is refurbished but with the finest quality of convienience. The pool is maintianed and breakfest is in. Rediculously close to the transport system to take you to Universal studios. A suite sleep 6 and is very family freindly. Grammans theatre is outside the door practically and the walk of fame. Hop on Hop off bus one block away. Freindliness of the staff is amazing and they just make you feel like you've been there forever. Good location and value for your money. When I return to LA this will be my hotel of choice.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvtrav
<Content>Pampered and great breakfast I was so grateful for the suggestion at Trip Advisor that this was a number one choice for LA. They treated us as if we were in a first class hotel. The room was huge and pleasant with kitchen. The breakfast by the pool was really a delight. Wi-Fi easy! Location is central near Hollywood Blvd. for the Chinese theater, Kodak theater. They drove us to the restaurant at the top of the hill and picked us up after dinner!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ruch08
<Content>Great location and excellent staff Located a couple of blocks off the Walk of Fame, this is a wonderful place to stay in... We stayed in a 2-BR suite, which was very spacious and simply decorated. Their staff is very pleasent and helpful. The front desk did some research for us and guided us around the place.. They also serve a breakfast (included in the room fare) - it's not much, juices, muffins and the like but enough to start your morning - although this is served out in the reception area; you can serve yourself and take it into the room or eat by the pool..There were a few drawbacks, like most hotels in L.A. the building is old and the bathrooms could use an upgrade (not too shabby though). Our room was bang on the street, which meant a lot of noise from the constant traffic all through the night - so if you're a light sleeper beware. But the spacious rooms, the attentive staff, and the location are a must-do. And, one can see the Hollywood sign from the back of the building.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>former_LA_resident
<Content>Nice perks but needs touching up We stayed at the MC Hotel primarily to take advantage of the opportunity to visit the Magic Castle (private club next door). The location is excellent for a Hollywood destination, indeed. And the Magic Castle club experience was one-of-a-kind. I was curious to see how nice the hotel would be due to its #1 ranking on this site. In this case, it seems to be a victim of overinflated expectations. Yes, there are nice perks and the staff is wonderfully attentive, friendly and helpful. As we had to leave early to catch a flight, they even had some pastries bagged for us (I had asked them prior to our visit). However, the physical hotel is dated and needs some attention to detail and updating. Caulking in bathrooms, molding, patio surrounding pool all need some work. Also we could clearly hear our neighbors through the suite door connecting the 2 rooms. One last important note....there is no elevator to the second floor rooms and the layout is awkward. This would be particularly difficult for someone a bit older carrying a suitcase.All in all, the room was very comfortable and we enjoyed the flat-screen television. Pretty fair overall, but beware of some shortcomings and you'll be fine.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>outofmanyone44
<Content>5 Star Service First off let me start of by saying yes this hotel is old, and there are some matinence issues that need to be addressed. But for the price you can not get a better hotel in LA. A one-bedroom suite that would cost you double at nearly every other hotel. Now I would normall give this a 3 1/2 star if just based off the room. (ie. its a big room thats been recently renovated, but still needs work, cracks in wall, old smell) BUT the staff and ammenities make up for this and make this a 5 star stay. For example.- The free mini-bar was just great, all types of snacks/candy/soda that would cost you $2 each at a normal hotel-Free breakfast-nightly chocalets in room (or on valentines night, sweethearts)- Free internet.-$10 a night parking, VERY reasonable for LA-Staff went above and beyond call of duty. They drove us up to the japanese restraunt on the hill, free of charge. Offered to run out and get breakfast for us when they were running short. Offered the lady in front of me at check in to run out and get medicene when she said she wasent feeling well.All in all a great stay, and I hope to return.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>mackensie
<Content>Great little hotel       View of the Magic Castle Hotel pool and rooms  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>jakmusic
<Content>Enjoyable holiday!       Double sofabed in the lounge.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>789123
<Content>Hmm wonder what you are thinking We just came back from our stay in Hollywood California, 2 days ago and our last night was in the Magic Castle. Everything people say about their staff is true. Wonderful people very very accommodating. The place was clean but needed lots and lots of work. Its really too bad the owners don't upgrade their property to match the high standard of their staff. It is really old style plaster rooms with old plywood cupboards in the kitchen and hallway, this is not retro just old. An old apartment turned into a hotel room with very little character in the rooms. We had a room with 1 bedroom and kitchen. didn't sleep at all as there was a road right outside the bedroom window which was busy enough to keep us awake most of the night. The TV in the bedroom needs to be raised so you can see it while lying in bed. The bathroom had lino with burnt cigarette marks, the mirror had black marks on the mirror...like when it is old., the shower curtain didn't cover the entire tub area so as you shower you need to keep moving it around. The lighting in the suite needs to be improved it was quite dim at night. We could hear the people in the room next to us, very clearly and embarassingly I might add. As you can see in the pictures there are no draperies on the windows thus the sound does bounce around. I would recommend it if you need to stay in downtown hollywood this may be your cleanest and safest choice. as it is right next to the main attractions, the Kodak theater and such... but bring your earplugs.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>wishiwasretired
<Content>great getaway in hollywood We spent three nights at the Magic Castle Hotel in January, enjoying the hotel and the Magic Castle itself. Our room was large, very minimalist, very accomodating. Comfortable beds with wonderful cotton sheets and great pillows. Really special products in the bathroom. We had a full kitchen, nicely equipped including a full size refrigerator. Our room was a junior suite, and it's the only one we don't recommend for anyone who likes quiet - it is located above the lobby which has automatic sliding doors that open at the slightest movement near them. A nice continental breakfast is served in the lobby every morning, and as people took their food we heard the door constantly. It was the last room available when I made the reservation. All the rooms open on a courtyard, with a pool in the middle surrounded by lounge chairs and tables for eating. Lovely!Hotel is on Franklin Avenue - perfect location for walking everywhere in Hollywood. This was the first time we visited LA and didn't have to rent a car. Staying at the hotel gives you access for eight people to the Magic Castle, a private club featuring magicians doing shows in small theaters, tiny elegant rooms, and close up at tables scattered throughout the club. We also enjoyed dinner at Yamashiro, Cal-Asian cuisine, located up the hill with an incredible view of LA and delicious food. The hotel shuttle took us to both places. For free. The manager sent us a complimentary appetizer. We felt so welcome, so cared for.Incredible value, reasonable price, and the best staff we've ever seen. They were as attentive, pleasant and efficient as at hotels like The Ritz and Four Seasons. There are no elevators, only two floors, and the staff took care of all six bags with no problem. The one error made was fixed with sincere apologies and the hotel paid for our cab to the airport. Overall, not a fancy hotel, but so comfortable and enjoyable it now ranks as one of our favorites anywhere! It feels like you live there, in a nice apartment, and have the help and attention of a staff who can advise you on local restaurants, answer all your questions, even find you a snack in the middle of the night - complimentary of course!We've been visiting LA since our daughter moved there in '03 - every visit will now include a stay at the Magic Castle Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jonphil
<Content>Home Away From Home This is my home away from home and everytime I'm in L.A., with or without my family, I stay here. Sure, sometimes the bathtub is a little rusted and the shelf in the bathroom falls down and the lights from cars going up to the Japanese restaurant on the hill in back of the hotel shine in, but this place has character! As one who appreciates Hollywood history and a place to just crash after a crazy day in L.A., this place is perfect. The staff is incredibly nice and helpful and the little amenities - the cold drink when you check in, the cider at night, the music playing when you go into the room - are great. The place reeks of Hollywood History and it is a great jumping off spot for Hollywood and the Valley (don't try to get on the 101 at rush hour from the hotel!). Franklin Avenue itself is historic - parts of Rebel Without A Cause was filmed here, Janis Joplin died next door, Yamashiro, the Japanese Restaurant on the hill has an incredible history, and Ozzie and Harriet's (and Ricky's) house where they lived during their long-running popular TV show is just a few blocks away on Franklin. The parking is a little tough, but what really makes this place so special is its location to the Hollywood tourist stuff, it's access to the Magic Castle (no jeans!), and most of all, its staff. It ain't first class luxury, but it's homey, clean and incredibly comfortable and roomy .  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Jenniferanne
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Service Stayed at Magic Castle for 2 nights in Jan and wished it had of been 7 nights. Booked this hotel due to TA reviews and were so delighted with our choice. Family of 6 we had 2 bedroom unit with sofa, Very clean, nice kitchen, plenty of space.The most outstanding quality of this hotel ( apart from the location) is without a doubt the staff ( especially Daphne). They couldn't do enough to make our stay fantastic, this service you do not get from bigger well known hotels. They had all the answers and right advice. Being a family of 6 we found the free snacks and drinks a huge bonus, they would pack us up a bag of goodies each day.We loved this hotel and have now decided to return in Jan 2009 for longer this time.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kimmyfairy
<Content>the best hotel in hollywood!!! I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks and it was brilliant. It was very homely and the staff were so friendly they really made my holiday. The rooms were large, spacious and very clean. Everything about this hotel was excellent and I would definately stay there again. Thank you for making our holiday!!!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timgrrr
<Content>not for everybody? I have to weigh in here. This place may not be for everyone. Do you like chain hotels where the rooms are exactly the same all over the country right down to the bedspreads and the picture on the wall? Do you like being far removed from all the hot spots with maybe some nice freeway noise to sooth you to sleep? Well, then maybe you WON'T care for this place. On the other hand, we really enjoyed the character of the room, its unique decor, the neighborhood feel of the breakfasts by the pool. The kitchenette was very helpful to us traveling with two ravenous teenagers. A hotel room with atypical roomy apartment-like feel.We were so close to what we came to LA for. For example: a nice stroll down Hollywood Blvd past Grumann's Chinese Theatre (who doesn't want to get a free ticket to a tv show or see a superhero or 2?) then some great shopping and eating choices on the corner, (eavesdropping on studio types talking about their deals at the next table) then onto the new-ish LA subway for a ride to Universal Studios (no parking hassles for us!). Super staff over the top with great advice and recommendations. Ohmygod you cannot imagine the view from the restaurant at the top of the hill - get 'em to give you a ride up there! Will definitely return here!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JBSquared1
<Content>Wonderfull stay My husband and I just came from a wonderful experience with this hotel. We told the hotel in advance that we were celebrating our 16th wedding anniversary and we were greeted with an upgrade and a bottle of wine congratulating us on our anniversary. The hotel is a little old but our room was very comfortable. The staff was so friendly and could not have been more helpful. We only stayed one night but wish we could have stayed longer. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Julesbusiness
<Content>Superb in every aspect The Magic Castle far exceeded any expectations that I had when I booked. Upon arrival there were two members of staff on reception who genuinely took an interest in me, where I was from, how was the journey, what did I want to see/do in LA etc. As it was a hot day, they immediately gave me a complimentary drink and provided me with lots of advice about how to get around the area (as I didn鈥檛 have a hire car) as well as bus timetables and maps.Following this, I was shown to my room and was amazed at the size of it. It was as big as an apartment that you would be quite happy to live in. There was an open plan living room complete with TV, radio, sofa, comfy stools that lead into a dining area with full sized dining table and then on to a kitchen complete with sink, cupboards, microwave, full size fridge and a fresh coffee maker. In the back was the bedroom with two full size built in wardrobes and large comfortable bed and in the next room the bath/shower.My room was on the ground floor near reception so the view looked out onto the pool that is in the centre of the complex. A continental breakfast was available in the reception area and you could eat it in the sunshine at the tables around the pool. An internet service is also available in this area.The hotel is in an excellent location, just five minutes walk to the Chinese Theatre and all of the other attractions of Hollywood Boulevard. As mentioned, I didn鈥檛 have a car, but getting around was not a problem using the Magic Castle as a base as it is only about 7 minutes walk to Hollywood/Highland metro station, 4 minutes walk to a bus stop on Hollywood Boulevard that has buses that go to numerous places such as Sunset Strip etc and close to a number of attractions such as the Kodak Theatre and a stunning view of the Hollywood sign.When it was time to check out, the receptionist was genuinely interested in how I enjoyed my stay, what I thought of the accommodation, where I was heading to next and if I knew how to get to get transport to my next destination. When I told her I would be taking an internal flight, she said, 鈥渟ounds like you are in for a long day鈥?and gave me a large bag of snacks and drinks free of charge. Perfect. It was then just a 7 minute walk to the metro station that took me directly to LAX and onwards.Overall, this is an excellent hotel in a great location with superb staff, incredible rooms and provides an experience that exceeds expectations.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>8happytraveller
<Content>A happy holiday We recently spent 5 very happy days at the Magic castle Hotel. Our rooms weren't flash but were so so spacious and very comfortable. The bed was so good. Loved having the kitchen and our little balcony to sit on. The free goodies from Reception were really appreciated especially by our teenagers as was the breakfast. My favourite was the complimentary hot apple cider waiting as you came in cold and tired at end of day!The best thing tho is the STAFF. They genuinely seem to care! They want you to have a great stay and will do anything to assist you. The girls on Reception could not have been better - we felt sad to say goodbye!Great location - will be back  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Canada4me
<Content>It was just what we needed       Outside the Magic Castle next to Hotel  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>alli34
<Content>Great place to stay My husband and I stayed one night here and the management was so nice. They answered all of our questions, provided us with great information and made our stay pleasant. The hotel is older but in decent shape. When we got there, our room was upgraded to a suite, which was nice. It is very close to all of the attractions. Would recommend it!!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>joey43
<Content>world's friendliest staff We just returned from a wonderful 5-night stay at the Magic Castle Hotel. Although the hotel was fine, the heated pool was great, the location very convenient, and the price reasonable, what would bring us back again is the amazing staff. We have never before experienced a staff which was so genuinely friendly and helpful, while still being very professional. In addition, they always made sure we were well supplied from the free (and plentiful) mini-bar, whether going out for the day or returning.Our suite was very large, more like an apartment, and very clean. We enjoyed having a full refrigerator, and separate living room area. It is an older property, not perfect, but the quirks add to the charm. When we checked out, it was as if leaving new friends.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrotherSmith
<Content>Great location and superior customer service as an alternative to the chain g       The Magic Castle Hotel  Magic Club  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>WorldTripster
<Content>Sad for rest of LA hotels that this is #1 We stayed for four nights over Christmas. There were some really great things about the hotel - staff seemed very jolly, the free mini bar; basically you can select soft drinks, chips, candies from a huge selection - for free, 24 hours a day. The continental breakfast wasn't really gourmet, but certainly there were some nice pastries and hey - it's free! On the downside our room was barely big enough for cat swinging and the recent renovations themselves look like they need some renovating. Our main complaint was that our room was really noisy. The walls are paper thin and, apparently unlike the other guests, we are in the minority as we like to sleep until 9.30am or so when we are on vacation. Sadly we were woken daily at 7am by stomping up and down stairs outside, doors slamming and whoever happened to be in the room next door - thanks to an adjoining door they literally sounded as though they were in the same room as us. Also slightly off-putting - the ashtray for our floor was right outside our window and by our air conditioning unit so a few times we had the A/C on only to find moments later our room smelling of smoke. Also pretty annoying was the lack of regulation of hot water in the shower - every day there was leaping in and out of the stream of water from either being scalded or frozen. It's a sad indictment of LA hotels that this is ranked the best hotel - it is not the worst I have ever stayed in, but it's no star. All in all the location is pretty good, and rates reasonable, if you are a smoker that doesn't need much sleep/privacy and is OK with an invigorating game of hot/cold in the shower every morning this is the perfect place for you!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>SunlovingSnowgirl
<Content>Wonderful Staff and Mini Bar We had so much fun at Magic Castle! We stayed 3 nights. The best part was the friendly and accomadating staff, who packed us a snack bag for our beach day, cleaned our room and organized it wonderfully even though we pretty much left it a sty every time we left, and accomadated our very large daily request for bottled water and snacks! The pool was fun and really suprisingly not very busy. We loved the breakfast and would go back to the Magic Castle in a heartbeat! The rooms are fun becuase they are not your typical hotel room, they are like mini apartments. The room could use a repaint and new furniture, but they are comfortable and fun, and unique! The place is smaller than what it looks on online pics, which I think is nice. Overall, Loved it!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jewelgem
<Content>Magic Castle is Truly Magical       Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TrampledUnderfoot
<Content>Great Choice We had no complaints with our stay. Very convenient location to Hollywood. I stayed at a similar priced Hollywood hotel a couple of years ago near the Highland Centre but didn't feel particularly safe and comfortable there which I did at the Magic Castle.Our room was 2-bedroom, clean and spacious, a bit retro which we liked. 2 adults and five children so we had to use the sofa-bed and a roll-away but still felt we had enough room. Good breakfast and the kids were over the moon with the free mini-bar鈥?drinks, cookies, crisps, where else would they get that?... and they did make several trips to reception to stock up! The apple cider on offer one evening was delicious. Kids were in the pool, heated for November and open 24-hours with toys and towels provided.The staff were very helpful and cheerful, 鈥榩honing around for ticket info, printing out directions etc, letting us have a late check-out.. nothing seemed to be too much trouble鈥?a big thank you to Daphne for making us feel so welcome鈥?Take note the staff at the BP International Hong Kong, Howard Johnson Anaheim, in fact most other hotels I鈥檝e stayed in鈥?and especially the woman who works at Manly Ocean Royale Apartments.Few minor repairs needed maybe but we weren鈥檛 spending a lot of time checking out the d茅cor and the overall experience more than compensated for a bit of peeling paint in the shower鈥?everything worked well, air-con, TV and DVD in two rooms, comfy beds etc (although my teenage son said the sofa-bed was not good!).The Sunday brunch at the Magic Castle Club next door was great and the kids loved the shows.I would definitely stay here again and will recommend without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Rohi
<Content>Major investment needed This is the first time that a Tripadvisor recommendation has been off the mark. This hotel needs a major refurbishment and some serious investment rather than cosmetic amateur tinkering. We stayed 2 nights and asked to be moved the 2nd night. Had we not been moved to a better room (still not great) we would have moved hotels. This was echoed by other guests who also had to be moved. We were touring California and this is the only hotel that was well below expectations, such that we would not recommend it or stay there again. The staff were friendly and helpful but seem to experience requests for room changes frequently. They have a few rooms which are adequate and some which are not. Even the adequate rooms still have flaws such as enamel peeling from shower trays, bits of board covering up holes, stains on carpets. The staff were very helpful but that cannot compensate for a basically inferior accommodation. I'm not sure how this hotel made it to Number 2 rating for LA???  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>mrs_brown_7
<Content>Much better than cookie cutter hotel chains Our family recently stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel and we were extremely pleased with the facility, accomodations and especially the service. Our one bedroom suite was LARGE, the main bed (queen) was divine. Nice sheets, not the cheap stuff and good pillows. There was a flip out sofa which our young adult son said , not bad for a flip out and they provided a single roll away bed for our young adult daughter who said  the sheets were soft and the blanket was fluffy. The suite was impeccably clean. The staff was great. What ever you needed they either got for you or pointed you in the right direction. The location was great we just parked the car and walked to our desitinations (all touristy stuff). They provided a shuttle to take us to the Magic Castle which was just up the hill but hard to walk in heels. The morning breakfast was delicious; great coffee, delicious pastries (try the little bran muffins...yummy). Everyone was so helpful and pleasant we had such a wonderful time and I highly recommend it if you like unique places to stay. This is not a brand new facility but it offers everything and more. It is truly charming and cozy,check it out. It beats the cookie cutter hotels hands down!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katetkins
<Content>Not a good choice This hotel is a 2 star trying to act like a 4 star. We were impressed with the pictures and discription online and booked it for one night in the standard room. Although it started off nice with a free upgrade and a glass of sparkiling lemonade at check-in...it slowly became a big dissapointment. The hotel is very old and has a old getto apartment feel to it. The room from a far looked okay but when you walk in you will see stained carpet, peeling paint, cracks in the walls, older stained furniture, and rusty tubs. There were cob webs in the shelving and hair from the past guest in the tub in our room. The maids must do a half-ass job because there was tons of stuff they missed. The next morning we ate in the breakfast which also SEEMED pretty nice. After breakfast I wanted to make tea and when I poured the water in a cup I noticed brown chunks floating in it. It was pretty discusting because that was the same water I used for my oatmeal that I already consumed! I was assured that it was only old coffee and that they would take care of it. Don't be fooled...this is a 2 star and NOT worth the money. It angers me how much money these places bring in and where it's NOT going.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	1	

<Author>Ster74
<Content>Great Stay       View from room 221  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EllenMelbourne
<Content>Fantastic Service My Family (2 Adults and 16 year olddaughter and 13 year old son)stayed in early October. The rooms were comfortable and the property had a vey pleasant outdoors area where the complimentary continental breakfast was served .The staff assisted us with all our queries in a postive and encouraging manner. This hotel is close to Universal studios ,The two bedroom apartment was great for a family .  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Samianos
<Content>The friendly staff make for a great stay This hotel is a bargain. Great location in Hollywood, 5 mins walk to Grauman's Chinese Theatre, underground car park (you need a car in LA), big rooms to suit a family with a couple of kids. This used to be a small apartment block, so the rooms have separate bedrooms, walk-in wardrobes, large sitting rooms with sofa bed (for the kids) and fully equipped kitchen areas. Excellent continental breakfast is served by the pool and there is a free mini-bar (yes you did read this right). Basically you can get whatever non-alcoholic drink and snacks you want from the reception for no charge. But the best feature are the staff, They will bend over backwards to serve and nothing is too much trouble for them. After they make sure you have directions and maps for your destination, they practically force in to your hands cold bottles of water to take with you. The building is in need of moderate maintenance, and I could possibly knock a star off for that reason But the beds are really comfortable, and as i said the staff really make this place. Definitely going back!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelerDallasTX
<Content>Magic Caslte needs updating       King Bed  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>KiwisAbr0ad
<Content>Couldn't Be Nicer We stayed at The Magic Castle for 4 nights in September with our 2 kids aged 8  10. They fell in love with the staff there, especially Daphne who along with everyone else was fantastic.I can't speak highly enough of them.We found the hotel well located, the room clean and quiet but the staff really make the difference. They couldn't do more for you which makes this place a winner. Its not the flashest hotel around but the added things like free snacks, adequate breakfast and superb service make The Magic castle a must if visiting Hollywood.Highly Recommended!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SnoopyTennessee
<Content>Friendly Hotel in a Great Location We recently stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel. The hotel is located in Hollywood, a couple of blocks from the Highland Mall and Grauman's Chinese Theater. It isn't fancy, but that is part of it's charm. It gives you the feel as if you are living in L.A. The staff is very friendly. Where most hotels charge you an outrageous price for water, sodas and snacks, they give them to you. Whenever you want something to drink or a snack, all you have to do is ask at the front desk. The pool is heated. A swim at night is a great way to relax. The breakfast was good. They have cereal, yogurt and fresh pastries. The scones were really good. If you get a chance, make a dinner reservation at the Magic Castle. You normally have to be a member or be invited to visit it. Hotel guests are allowed to visit it as long as you eat dinner there. It was a lot of fun.When we are in the L.A. area, we will be sure to stay at the Magic Castle Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichaelArchangel
<Content>Fantastic staff, great location, good value - go there! :-) This is a great little hotel. The room was quiet and a decent size, there is a heated swimming pool, lots of freebies (free newspaper, bottles of water and sweets, lemonade when you check in, etc), great location for Walk of Fame, Kodak Theatre and Universal Studios, next to the Magic Club and with secure parking. The staff was simply the most helpful we've seen in any of the hotels we've ever been at. They were very friendly and calmed us down when we arrived stressed after driving through busy LA for the first time! Helped us to find the best places for dinner or take-aways, etc. Would definitely recommend!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>klingoneddie
<Content>Cant beat the staff here Stayed here for three nights in Sept as part of our tour of southern Califonia. I have to say that the location of the hotel really was excellent, only 3/4 minutes walk from Manns Chinese Theatre and 4/5 mins to the Metro (very handy for getting to /from Universal Studios). Hotel parking was an underground secure park for only $9 a day. Thats a bargain in this part of town, believe me. Found the hotel really easily from the Freeway, just ensure you have printed off a map from Expedia or bought a street map beforehand.Arrival and checkin was quick and made more pleasurable with the refreshments made available by the reception staff.Staff--let me tell you about the staff.You will find it very hard to find a hotel in which all the staff are so helpful, cheerful and welcoming. Sean and Megan deserve a special mention here, in particular Sean who really went the extra mile. (on checkout, Sean made up a bag of goodies for us for our drive to Vegas)Every evening one of the staff would come to your room to check everything was OK and distribute chocolates!!Every question posed to the staff (you know , those boring ones about where to go, how to get there etc, the ones they had heard a thousand times before) were met with a cheerful smile and enthusistic reply. I was so impressed with the service I had to tell Gretchen, the desk manager ,how godd her people were.Complimentary breakfast was good and set you up nicely for the day.Pool was small but cool, just what you need in LA.Only downside to this place is that it does need some refurbishment BUT rooms are clean and comfortable. (this is the reason I have given 4 stars rather than 5) The bed was great .Great views from the restaurant at the top of the hill. Shuttle bus will take you up there.We went as a family of four, kids both over 20 but we all enjoyed the stay.I would happily stay here again and recommend to others.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>betsywanderlust
<Content>Very Friendly hotel in the centre of things Great Hotel, Personal Service, Good LocationHotel is relitavely small so great personal service staff friendly and helpful, pool looked nice especially at night, didn't use it though. So unsure what temperature like but I heard it was heated.Breakfast continental style. Cereals, croissants, muffins, toast, Juices etc. I liked the muffinsYou can get free soft drinks and snacks from reception if you askThere is a self service laundry room which is handy and its not too expensive for washing or drying.Close to Chinese Theatre, which is just down the slight hill, turn the corner.I have to say I felt a bit unsure about walking back to hotel at night as its up a side street, don't know if I should have been worried or not but we were ok. On the positive side it really is not too far from the centre of things. Only drawbacks;The price - paid approximately 拢125 altogether, per night which I consider quite expensiveKitchen did not have all the equipment that I would have wanted, a bit short on cutlery, pans, cooking equipment. And a little bottle of washing up liquid would have been handy, self catering hotels sometimes provide shampoo etc, why not washing up liquid - just a thought.But I expect if I had asked more things would have been provided, as it happened we ate out anyway. Only thing used was the fridge for drinksWould I recommend? If you are willing to spend 拢100+ a night then yes. If I went back to Los Angeles I'd stay again.(Disclaimer - This information is my personal opinion only, not fact!)  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>UK_holiday_traveller
<Content>Good Hotel with Excellent Staff My wife and I stayed there for 3 nights and were upgraded immediatley when we checked into the room because of a problem in the bathroom.The hotel is well situated within easy walking distance of Sunset Boulevard and other attractions. It is clean, needs some updating in bathrooms but the biggest bonus was the helpful staff. All staff without question from reception to the cleaners couldn't do enough for you. There were free soft drinks, snacks, maps and useful info on places to go and where to eat. Of particular mention was Sean The Guru who was a credit to the hotel.I definately recommend the Magic Castle situated next door to the hotel it was brilliant. Although you do need to wear jacket and tie (Jackets can be supplied bu the hotel or Castle at reception) and ladies are expected to wear cocktail dresses - still worth it.A good class hotel with outstanding staff that makes it the right choice.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msmegmog
<Content>Wonderful service My partner and I stayed in a King room for one night in September predominately so we could go to the Magic Castle, and the hotel didn't disappoint. After staying in 4 other hotels during our holiday in the US, it was the only place that felt like home and we both slept like logs.The service is impeccable - from the drink offered at checkin, to the special touches like a free mini bar service, 24 hour access to the pool and the extra efforts the staff go to ie. allowing us to return to the hotel to have a shower before our late night flight home to Australia and even driving us up the small hill to the Magic Castle due to me wearing heels! It's not the cheapest hotel in Hollywood - but definitely the best value for money, and you can't beat the location. I'd thoroughly recommend and will definitely be back  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LaBernardi
<Content>Alternative but we loved it!! I chose the hotel becuse my older daughter who lives in LA wanted to go to The Magic Castle and based on reviews here and elsewhere. It's definitely alternative but we loved it. My husband goes for luxury business class hotels and that it isn't. In fact, the doors and walls are marked (it looks like a '50's apartment building with a small pool in the center), but it was clean and spacious for four people. There was a full kitchen and when we brought food in, the next day napkins were left for us. The breakfast in the small reception foyer was plentiful and refreshed when asked. High quality, too. My kids were delighted with free and bountiful DVD selection and mini-bar (cokes, snacks, etc.). Bottled water, too, was free on request. The service is, shall I use the word?....yes...awesome!!! My husband bragged about the hotel to his friends. And, of course, you can visit the Magic Castle next door (also wonderful brunch and show)and the incredible Japanese restaurant on the hill above. If you stay here, do all three as they are part of the same property and should'nt be missed. A fantastic experience.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>quickcars
<Content>Absolutely the BEST service received in any hotel! We booked this property to be able to enjoy the Magic Castle for my birthday and were not dissapointed! I recently read a negative review and wonder if that guest and I were at the same hotel!This 'botique' hotel was formerly a small apartment complex delightfully converted to a hotel that allows their guests access to the famous Magic Castle (fees required but worth every penny if you're a fan of magic). We found our one bedroom suite most welcoming. It was clean, freshly painted and the linens divine. Yes, we've stayed at much newer, more modern properties, but NONE with such OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! FREE (yes, free) snacks for the asking....soft drinks, water, candy bars, etc. Breakfast included the most delicous scones ever made among other choices. This property would be a super bargain for a travelling family to the Hollywood area. Its central location and spacious accommodations allow one to save $ by cooking in.We are local southern Californians and were only interested in attending the Castle until our arrival. The concierge enthusiastically provided a walking tour map and lots of local information. A real tourist's delight. Although I've not checked rates for similar properties, we found this place a pretty good deal! If you want Ritz attention  roomy accommodations, this is the place.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>PK1973
<Content>Not top of the list We stayed at this hotel following the reviews on Tripadvisor. The location is really good, as its close to Hollywood and all trips, however the hotel itself is very basic. It stands beside the very impressive Magic Castle club, but you cant go there unless you wish to reserve a table for dinner. The rooms are very small, and just about clean. The bathroom was not very pleasant and there was just about enough room to get in and out of the room, even though it was a larger than normal. Overall, we would not recommend staying here as its quite below par and the reviews were not really accurate.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	3	1	2	2	1	

<Author>soteri
<Content>A perfect location       The Breakfast Area  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SteveUK07
<Content>Great Service would stay there again We were looking for somewhere close to Hollywood and Universal Studios to stay on our last trip.We picked the hotel due to great reviews on a number of sites so set out with high expectations.Have to say we were not disappointed, some of the best service I have ever had at any hotel.The hotel is very well placed to get to Hollywood, Chinese Cinema and El Capitan cinema are just one block over. We were able to walk with a 7 year old child to the El Capitan and watch a Film, great fun as they still have an Organist playing in the cinema before the film starts.Very easy to drive to Universal Studios, only takes about 10 minutes.Would definitely stay again if I was visiting Central LA  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rjscCaymanIslands
<Content>The best hotel staff we've ever experienced What a magical place this hotel is. It's not fancy or luxurious, but it's clean, bright, the rooms are large, and the staff is absolutely wonderful. The hotel has a family feel to it, although there were singles there as well. The pool was great, right in the middle of the courtyard. And, late in the afternoon, a staff member comes and offers lemonade and popsicles to the people in and around the pool - free of charge! Upon arrival to Magic Castle, the reception staff offer champagne flutes with lemonade in them. Breakfast is complimentary and quite adequate - cereals, fruit, pastries, bread, spreads, coffee, juice, etc. Soft drinks and snacks are available at the front desk, any time of day, and are also complimentary!We could walk to Hollywood Blvd. in 5 minutes, where we visited Graumann's Theater, the Walk of Fame, the Kodak Theater and lots of interesting shops. There is also a Metro stop right there, so you can take the subway wherever you need to go.What made the Magic Castle Hotel so special to us was the staff. On our second last day, we found out that our pet cat (we've had her 12 years) was very ill and would probably pass away at any moment. I informed the front desk staff that we would have to check out a day early and they were very understanding. A few minutes after I had gone back to my room, one of the staff knocked on the door and gave us a little card they had made for us, saying they hoped our cat would be alright. They also gave us a little stuffed mouse for her to play with.So to Gretchen, Adam, Shawn and (I think) Daphne, thank you so much for your kindness and hospitality. We will definitely return!!And to anyone considering staying at the Magic Castle, go for it.We've never experienced such helpful and friendly people as we did there.(PS: Our cat is still hanging in, but she doesn't have much time left. But she was so happy to see us.)  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jo67London_UK
<Content>magic stay at the magic castle! We spent two nights at the Magic Castle in August and it was fab! The hotel is in an excellent location just a couple of blocks from the walk of fame and the entertaining Hollywood and Highland centre. Upon our arrival from LAX we were greeted with glasses of chilled juice and from then on the staff were just so friendly and helpful. We were given free bottled water at night and a selection of cookies and hershey bars all free!! We had a suite sleeping six, we had ample room and the rooms were clean. In the mornings the hotel does a complimentary breakfast of cereals, croissants, fruit, yogurts, toast and being America, doughnuts!! they really go the extra mile. we had read reviews of this hotel and this is really what made us pick it... we were not disappointed.... would absolutely stay here again. Just one moan DO NOT eat at The Grill in the Highland centre.....patronising staff, overpriced food, worst meal ive had in the states.. ever!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ninabean
<Content>Glad I did not change to Renaissance After reading some negative review recently I was a little concerned about the Magic Castle Hotel. Thankfully this hotel turned out to be the best during our tour of the West Coast/Nevada.We stayed in a one bedroom suite which provided two double beds in one room, full lounge with sofa bed and kitchen. All areas were clean, slightly dated but spacious and more than met our needs. We had a small balcony overlooking the pool area which was also lovely.Of course as has been said may times the service is second to none. It more than makes up for any shortcomings that the property may have ( although I cant find any!). Gretchens team are the most helpful and friendly reception staff I have ever come across. Advice on sightseeing, directions, restaurants were all willingly provided. Complimentary mini bar went down well with the kids. The breakfast was excellent, providing fresh pastries/scones/muffins etc. We were also delighted to recieve a tasty calamari appetizer compliments of the hotel when we visited the Asian restaurant situated above the hotel( fantastic food and views). The location of the hotel was also perfect, a short 5 min walk taking us into centre of Hollywood and Highland. We had a fabulous time in LA, partly due to the MCH. We will return one day and tell all our friends to visit this hotel if in LA. Many thanks to all including Daphne( who persuaded me to keep my reservation by email prior to our visit).  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pheslie
<Content>great place to stay stayed 3 nights in a jr suite. 2 adults 2 teens. the room was clean and spacious. the beds were very comfortable. the small kitchen was fine because i was on vacation and not cooking dinners. the pool area was fine. it was not too small as others felt. the staff is amazing. they are california beautiful to look at with a personality and hospitality just as beautiful. this hotel gives you anything you may want...drinks snacks movies sparkling lemonaid ice pops by the pool any day any hour you may not even have to ask...they just know your hot and tired and hand you a treat. ok now to the bathrooms...they are very clean but small and not updated.....but the shower was hot the toilet flushed and they were spotless,,,,,couldnt take away from the rest of the hotel.parking was underground and secure. a small grassy area across the street attracted a few undesireables but they never bothered us or even noticed us..they stayed on their side of the street and did what ever it was they were doing.we were away almost 3 weeks this was our favorite hotel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leocleoc
<Content>As described by all positive reviewers .. Great place to stay! We needed a large living space for 4 people. Mom, Dad, 18 year old daughter and 20 year old son. We stayed here due to the reviews. We were not disappointed. The room was a 1 bed suite. The main king size bed, sofa bed, and roll away bed were all very comfortable. The suite was large, very clean with good storage and A/C. The kitchen was very clean and had everything needed. The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful. Special thanks to Daphne and Shawn. The Magic Castle hotel staff rock.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gordonclarkg4
<Content>simply great We stayed here due to the reviews we had seen in trip advisor and can honestly say that we were not disappointed in any way.The room was a 1 bed suite and the main bed and sofa bed were both very comfortable, the rooms were large, very clean with good storage and air con, the kitchen although a bit old fashioned looking, it was very clean and had everything you could ask for.The staff were all extremely friendly, helpful, and made what would have been a good stay into a very personal and friendly holiday for us especially Daphne and Shawn.We would not hesitate to go back here again and wish the staff at the Magic Castle hotel all the best.The Clarks,Falkirk, Scotland.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rojp
<Content>best hotel staff in the USA spacious apartment style rooms (good for our kids 8 and 12) well equipped in a great central location 5 mins walk from chinese theatre and roosevelt hotel (best burgers i have ever had at 25 degree restaurant there). pool was small and crowded so we didn't swim - breakfast was excellent and generally you could sit around the pool to eat in the morning. i agree with other comments that the staff are amazing - all of them - nothing was too much trouble. they also have a great free minibar policy and free dvds which i am sure costs them small $ but makes the guests feel good - great idea! we will stay there again in LA.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>99bottles
<Content>Out of Date - Appeared Dirty - Warning - I'm about to pan this place. I know people don't like it when people give bad reviews. If you read my review you will probably think well that guy is picky or a snob or this guy is an idiot that has never travelled because look at all the positive reviews.Just so you know where I am coming from and can better judge whether or not you believe my bad review. I'm a 30 year old professional and have done a lot of travelling - some for business and a lot for fun. I'm from Toronto. I've travelled extensively in the United States. I know that this place is a 3 star hotel and not a 5 star hotel. I understand that in a major North American city that $180 is not a lot to spend for a nights stay in a downtown location. All I expect from a 3 star hotel is: clean and current decor in the lobby and rooms but nothing flashy, basic amenities like internet and a desk to do some work on, and reasonable staff that are polite and moderately helpful. If this place had all of these things I would have given it a 5 rating or said it was excellent.I was on my honeymoon and I would not come back to this hotel. My main complaint is the rooms. I'd rather just spend an extra $75 or $100 a night to stay somewhere decent. If I had known what this hotel was really like I would have gladly dropped the extra cash somewhere else.I paid about $180 bucks for a Thursday night stay - too expensive for what it was.- Cons -The pictures on the website are misleading because they don't show you the grungy bathrooms, noisy window unit air-conditioners, or stained carpets. The room also had a musty smell which I might expect in Mexico or South America but not in the United States.I was pretty disgusted with our first room and asked to be moved. The next room was still grungy but slightly better. Honestly, this place needs to change the carpets in the rooms. It could use a complete overhaul, however, it definitely needs new carpets. I know that the rooms are probably just as clean or dirty as any other hotel but when the carpets are beat up and stained it just makes you feel like you need to wear shoes in the room at all times. Both the rooms had a dirty $30 a night motel feel about them.- Pros - Good location to do all the tacky Hollywood stuff (visit Mann's theatre, the walk of fame, etc.). Friendly and helpful staff during the day time. The night time staff llooked like they were into goth, demons and depression. Maybe I'm getting old but I'm not into hotel staff having lip rings and blue hair (I don't know if they were friendly or helpful because I didn't bother talking to them). The pool was open 24 hours (but looked pretty nasty and was more of kids urinal than a pool). Free WiFi for your laptop. Nice soaps, creams, and stuff. Pretty comfortable bed and bedding. Free snacks and DVDs that are available in the lobby. - How is this #2 on TripAdvisor???? -Because of this hotel and it's #2 rating in Los Angeles, I don't know whether I will ever trust TripAdvisor ratings again. Are travellers so enamoured by friendly staff and free candy bars that they overlook the rooms being disgusting and in drastic need of renovation. The only thing magical about this place is that it somehow got a #2 rating on TripAdvisor.Don't stay here if you want to spend anytime at all in your room or at the hotel. This place is NOT romantic. It might be okay for famillies with kids because you can get rooms with kitchenettes to save on dining costs. We just had a room without the kitchen.Overall my 2 rating is generous.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	5	5	4	

<Author>mary092
<Content>A bit disappointed We stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel for 3 nights and were disappointed. This is the first time I've sent a review to tripadvisor, however I'm surprised it's ranked as number 2 in Tripadvisor's recommendations.We found the room OK. The whole place needs a bit of a re-vamp. The rooms have carpets on the floors and they are quite dirty and need replacing. This is quite unhygenic we felt. Also, in the corridor areas, the carpets and really filthy. And paintwork is quite stained in places. Staff are OK, but don't dress in a professional manner- there's a general 'goth' theme to the dress of the staff.The accommodation was quite expensive, and I felt the need to add my review as I don't feel this place is up to scratch.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>daisygirl59
<Content>Offbeat but fun and comfortable Overall our experience at the Magic Castle Hotel was very good, and my two kids both said they wanted to come back - and I did not hear that comment about either of the other two hotels where we stayed in LA. This is a hotel with history and personality. It's not another Holiday Inn Express or whatever. It is also in the city, folks - yes, you will see homeless people, and yes, you will see interesting street life on Hollywood Boulevard. If that scares or upsets you, I would advise picking another area in which to sightsee. Hollywood may be undergoing some gentrification but it is not Disneyland. As everyone says, the front desk staff members go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied. I saw the manager all over the place all the time, not hiding back in an office. We had a king bed suite and the space was just huge. The kitchen and bathroom were very clean; I had no problem at all there. My favorite spot was the balcony over the pool, where you could sit and read the newspaper, watch the kids in the pool, or just drink your morning coffee before another day of sightseeing. Breakfast included the yummiest scones ever and top-notch coffee. Now, on the other hand, it is a remodeled older former apartment building and there are some irritants. The stairs and railings need paint, and some coverings on the stairs are coming loose. The carpet in the hallways is getting worn. There was a crack in the paint on one wall in our kitchen, and a small hole in a window. The stopper in the bathroom sink didn't work. Some of the housekeeping was a little spacey - plenty of forks and knives in the utensil drawer but no spoons, no glasses replaced one day, no bath mat another day. But if it really deeply mattered to me I am sure the desk would have sent up more spoons or another bath mat immediately. I think this is a great little hotel, and I'll be sad if it gets sold and turned into yet another condo development or generic hotel. The best option would be new owners who could spruce it up without raising the prices too much or losing the great staff members. Thanks again for a nice stay.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ward44
<Content>Home away from home. My Husband and I have just returned from a two week stay at the Magic Castle Hotel in Los Angeles. We need to say that this is one of the BEST Hotels that we have ever stayed in ( in LA or in other countries). When we arrived we received a glass of ice cold lemonade, which was so welcome after a long journey. The exeptional friendliness of the staff creates a warm and personal experience. You actually feel like old friends!!!!All of the staff went out of their way to make any requests that we had, happen. The front desk staff (Big hugs to Daphne, Christen, Shawn and Adam), arranged restaurant bookings for us as well as ordering cabs. We celebrated our Birthdays while staying at the hotel and we recieved a bottle of wine and some goodies. A very nice personal touch!!Our room was clean, comfortable and the bed was so lovely. It seemed huge!!! Fresh towels were provided everyday, if we so wished, and the shower was so powerful that it certainly woke us up in a morning. There is a complimentary breakfast every morning in the courtyard. The scones are wonderful and the coffee was always hot, fresh and abundent. The pool is attractive, clean and heated. Towels are provided by the hotel and there are pool toys available for the kids. Snacks and soft drinks are complimentary from the reception at any time of the day ( we have never known a Hotel do this), which is so nice if you want to lounge by the pool, watch a film in your room or you are just feeling a bit peckish. We will certainly be returning to the hotel. It has so many assets. Not only is it friendly it is close to all amenities and feels safe and secure. Tip...you have got to go to the Yamashiro restaurant. It provides some of the best views in LA... and the food and the staff are great. The Hotel provides a complimentary shuttle service to the restaurant and as a guest of the Hotel they will arrange the booking for you. Another nice touch!. We had a perfect 2 week stay and have recommended the Magic Castle Hotel to our family and friends. Thanks for making our holiday special!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Love_2_Travel233
<Content>Staff went above and beyond the call of duty! Date: August 6, 2007Reviewer: Kitchener, OntarioMy son and I stayed at the Magic Castle hotel from July 20 to 24. This hotel was on a list recommended by the school that my son was attending an open house for as it was only a 15 minute walk from the school. I thought the hotel would be bigger and was a little disappointed when we arrived. It reminded me of the show Melrose Place with the rooms all surrounding the pool. But the staff put us at ease the minute we arrived and the good thing about a smaller hotel is that the staff get to recoginize you very quickly and they also know who doesn't belong there. They were so friendly and greeted every time we walked by.My son and I had a one bedroom suite with dining area and kitchen and 2 queen beds that were very comfortable.The rooms were very clean and large. The shower was amazing as it had so much pressure that washing my hair was so easy. 45 minutes before we were checking out and our limo ( that the hotel had arranged for us) was to pick us up, I dropped a glass in the sink and it broke and I sliced my finger quite badly and I could not get the bleeding to stop. My son went down to the front desk and staff came to my aid and said I needed stitches and they would drive me to a local clinic. Panic set in as I was afraid we would miss our flight. The hotel manager drove me and my son to a clinic she goes to and that was 5 minutes from the hotel and when we arrived she explained my delimma. They saw me immediately and she waited in the waiting room for me and helped my son with all the paper work. 30 minutes later with 5 stitches in my finger we were on our way back to the hotel, were the limo driver had been contacted and asked to wait for us. He did and we were only 15 minutes off schedule and we made our flight with time to spare. I can't thank the management and hotel staff enough for taking care of me and keeping my son calm through this unusual event. I would recommend this hotel even if I didn't injure my finger and we will definately be staying there again when my son is attending school there.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JamaicaPhil
<Content>Unmatched Customer Service...Excellent! The Magic Castle is a quaint, small hotel (42 rooms I think) just steps off the Hollywood strip and within very short walking distance to the Chinese theater, Kodak theater, etc. Our family of 4 (kids: 15 and 11) stayed 4 nts in late July in a spacious 1-bedroom suite...more like a 1-bedroom apartment. Beds were cozy, climate control and wireless network (free) were reliable and cleanliness, impeccable. This is an older building and nothing fancy but nevertheless, clean, tastefully decorated and spacious.As you have read from previous reviews, the most redeeming quality of this hotel is its Customer Service. Sort of a throwback, of sorts, to the hotels of old where customers were treated as royalty and where the entire staff are all on the same page when it comes to taking personal responsibilty for exceeding customer expectations. Very rarely do you find this prevailing attitude among staff in American hotels. The hotel offers free beverages, movies and snacks unlike most hotels that nickel and dime its customers to squeeze out every bit of profit imaginable. Here, they truley understand that their customers are their best advertisers.Needless to say, we had a great time at the Magic Castle and overall we had a blast in Hollywood. Special thanks to Daphne Springs who went above and beyond to help make this a vacation we will never forget. We were sad to leave this place but look forward to returning.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>milwaukee123
<Content>Very Warn Out My family just got back from the Magic Castle in July. We were greeted with a warm welcome. The positives of this hotel were the unlimited free snacks and beverages and the directions to places from the front desk. My family thought the rooms were very outdated and kind of grungy, especially the bathrooms. The bathrooms had lots of chipped paint, and the bathtub barely drained. The rooms also had very old tvs. We decided to check out a day early because we were not satisfied with the room quality. They said it was fine and we wouldn't be charged. When we checked out we paid for the two nights we were there. I just got my credit card bill and we were charged $130 more than the amount from the receipt I had signed. Now I have to dispute it with the credit card company. This hotel is really no better than a Motel 8.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Sophie040
<Content>Great place to stay Family of 5 (3 teenagers)- we stayed for 3 nights in this comfortable though basic hotel. very good sized suite, great breakfast, very friendly and helpful staff even though we arrived after midnight. Free minibar a great success. Very close, by car, to Venice beach and Universal studios and within walking distance of Kodak theatre and walk of fame. Would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>love2travel1968
<Content>We loved The Magic Castle Hotel We just got back from a mom/daughter vacation. The staff was great from the first moment. They were helpful with resturant suggestions and making reservations. We had the one bedroom/bathroom unit which was perfect for two. The beds were very comfortable(fluffy). My daughter noticed it was an older establishment, but other than a few minor touch ups need in the bathroom, the age of the hotel was not a problem. The breakfest was perfect for us . The location was great. We were able to keep our car parked and walk to Hollywood Blvd. daily. Staying at a hotel too far to walk adds to the expense. Parking anywhere is very expensive. I look forward to another chance to visit The Magic Castle Hotel  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cockycorkey
<Content>Good, Good, And even Better If you want large rooms, with friendly staff, great location as a tourist family friendly with privacy and attentive staff that will go out of their way to help then STAY HERE...... One of the best hotels we stayed at during our 3 week visit to CA. Can't say enough about it. Great place to stay......  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ZorglubWaterloo
<Content>Great hotel This was a great stay. All the good comments are right.At the arrival they offer you a welcome drink, explain you the things to do in the hotel, give you a map of the area and explain you main things to see.Rooms are very big. We wanted to order a guided tour of LA, they recommended some to us and even called to make the arrangement for us.What a great service, with a family atmosphere.All day long you can get free drinks (water, juice, pop) from the front desk as well as snacks or sweets.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frombaritomiami
<Content>Great location, excellent staff, so and so rooms This is a good hotel for a base in Los Angeles, and the staff is really magnificent, however the rooms are outdated and in need of renovation.First the good: free internet, great great staff always helpful, free snack foods 24/7, good parking although tight spaces in the garage, good breakfast with pastries from Susina, a local bakery, available coin laundry.The bad: we stayed in two different rooms, a regular and then a suite room and the findings were similar. Peeling paint in the bathrooms, rusty brown water from the sink and the tub for the first few minutes of the water running, our lampshade was broken on the night stand, the tub faucet was leaking, rooms were not serviced until 5-6pm.Lastly, but this just for those who have kids, there is no elevator and multiple ramps of stairs to go up and down, it can become difficult with luggage and small babies.I was told that the hotel, as well as a nearby hotel and the Yamashiro resturant are up for sale and maybe that is why the rooms are a little rundown; if it was not for that this hotel would deserve 4 stars.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	2	5	5	5	

<Author>tennis1122
<Content>Excellent Service/Rooms Need Some Fixing We recently got back from our stay at the Magic Castle and when we first arrived we were greeted with sparkling lemonade. When my husband first entered the room he was less than impressed, especially\ with the bathroom. There were numerous cracks and spots of peeling paint. The toilet also had trouble flushing and the shower did not drain properly. I notified the front desk and they said someone would come and fix it, well not one ever fixed it. Instead they gave us money off each night of our stay. We also found it handy that they give you free snacks like candy bars, cookies, and chips. The breakfast was alright, many of the pastries were dry. The Magic Castle is in a nice location in Hollywood, but I became concerned when I saw homeless people sleeping directly across the street from the hotel. Overall I'd say the service is the best thing the hotel has going for it.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>lizmit
<Content>Great hotel - will stay again! Great hotel with very nice amenities. We booked the two bedroom suite, when we arrived there was a handwritten note wishing us a great time at the play Wicked (at Pantages just down the street), and a very cute take out box filled with an assortment of candies. I believe the hotel is a converted apartment complex with an 8' deep swimming pool in the middle and rooms surrounding. The only downside that I can come up with is that the fuse that our bedroom airconditioners was on kept tripping making our place quite hot. But this would not prevent me from coming back.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Vince9
<Content>Cant Beat It ! My wife and I just spent 5 days at the Magic Castle and it is one of the best hotels we have ever booked into. We have previously booked into all the so called big name exclusive hotels but they cant match the service you get here. Right from our arrival we received a very warm welcome from Daphne at the reception who couldnt do enough to help us ( all the staff were good ) The room was an excellent size and included a dvd player with a free selection of dvds at the reception. You will also receive complimentary mini bar goodies such as potato chips, chocolate and diet cokes etc. Do not pay any attention to any moaning reviewers who might complain about a crack in a wall or some trivial nonsene, this hotel is well worth the money. We stayed at the Roosevelt the last time we visited L.A and although it was nice, Magic Castle is the better option.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snazzyjan
<Content>Awesome Customer Service! I was thoroughly impressed with the amount of service this hotel gives their customers! All the staff is friendly and accomodating. As soon as you enter they give you a fruity drink (non alcoholic) and welcome you to the hotel. Around 5pm every day, a staff member comes around and gives mints and a card with tomorrow's weather on it. At their 7-10am complimentary breakfast (with real food from a local bakery (pastries, toast, cereal, coffee, tea), not all that greasy stuff you get at other hotels) the manager always walks around and asks how you're doing and how they can help you. The concierge desk is very helpful with anything from directions, to food, to drinks, to Free DVD rentals! They have a heated pool in the center that's 24hrs. The setup of the building is very community oriented. The room itself - is hooked up! When you walk in they have soft music playing on the stereo in the living room. Yes a living room! You don't just have a bedroom, but a kitchen, living area with a pullout couch, a spacious bathroom, tons of closet space... it's like an apartment more than a hotel room. They really go out of their way to make you feel at home. The location is perfect - you're a block or so away from Grauman's Chinese Theater, the Kodak Theatre and all these shops and food places. There's some museums in the area. If you're not from the area - bring with you a detailed street map. It's really easy to get lost around there, and the traffic is ridiculous - but you'll have a great time! Also - if you want to get into the Magic Castle Club - make sure you have the right dress code! Dresses for ladies, Blazer and tie for gentlemen.... When I come back to LA, if I need to find a place to stay - I'm definitely booking a room here again! :)  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mini
<Content>Enjoyable Stay - Service Nice; Comfy Stay The Magic Castle is at a good location in Hollywood - walkable distance to Hollywood and Highland; Mann's Chinese Theater, and other points of interest in the area. It is next to the Magic Castle - which is where you can have a nice dinner (or more casual Sunday brunch) and watch some magic shows.The rooms are large - ours had a kitchen, living room, bathroom, and bedroom. The rooms are comfortable - however at some point will need to be updated. Beds were comfortable and we enjoyed our stay. Swimming pool is open 24 hours and the included continental breakfast in the morning is a nice touch.The juice drink on check out was a very nice tough. The hotel also prides itself on service! We were there on my birthday. It was so nice to find a birthday card in the room from the hotel...and a wonderful small cake in the refrigerator. They also let the Magic Castle know that it was my birthday and they made me feel special for Sunday brunch! Overall, service is quite nice; and it is very personalized touch. Enjoyable.One major note about the hotel - you need to be comfortable climbing stairs for almost all the rooms. We were on the 2nd floor and soon got used to climbing the 3 sets of stairs to reach our room. The rooms are large for families....and nice for young families...some have balconies....however do take note about the stairs.In general, the hotel knows where it needs to please its customers. It also seems to know its downsides and compensates by very personal and nice service. Its not the best in the area - but is a comfortable - and enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>giantburrito
<Content>Very nice ... Great success We stayed at the Magic Castle over the July 4 holiday. The service itself was borderline amazing. Our main man Shawn gave us the hook up with Snickers, Doritos, and MM (yum!) for free at the front desk. For breakfast they had a spread of cereals, muffins, and scones. To me, the scones were nothing more than a cookie in a funny shape. But I wasn't complaining - who doesn't love a cookie? In fact, I would eat cookies at every meal if I could. They're delicious. Anyway, the location is great. We walked over to the Chinese theatre place and saw Chewbacca (the REAL Chewbacca) walking around. Crazy. It was also easy to get over to West Hollywood for some all-you-can-eat tacos at Hamburger Mary's. They also have burgers and a whole lot of sausages available.The room was in good shape, particularly if you enjoy a jungle environment. One of the rooms did not have a working AC. They offered to give us another room, but we chose to stay. The way we saw it, it was like getting a free trip to the Rainforest Cafe every night.My only real issue with the place was the client猫le. On the 4th, a bunch of rabble rousing kids went into the pool. They were being a little loud and partying (one of them even doing a stripper pole dance in the pool) but who can blame them - it's the 4th of July! They all seemed really thirsty as well. Maybe that's why they kept asking people to make it rain.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Ronnzin
<Content>Magic Castle Hotel delightful treasure in Hollywood Spacious room with excellent ammenities and very friendly and helpfulfront desk staff. I had scheduled an antique car tour of Hollywood and the tour company flaked out. Well Meg at the front desk worked very hard to find a new and better tour! Lance at Icon luxury tours gave us a fantastic 3 hour tour in a Cadilac Escalade (4 in our party). [----] Very highly recommended. The staff worked out everything. All the water, soda, and snacks were included! No honor bar ripoffs here. Of course the Sunday brunch at the magic castle with the kids (age 20, 18) was fabulous as well as the night dinner for my wife and me. While we were at the Magic Castle, the staff (again fantastic) transported 18 year old daughter and her boyfriend up the hill to Yamashiro for a nice dinner and then back to the hotel. The Magic Castle Hotel is fantastic and in an excellent location--walking distance to Manns theatre, the Kodak theatre, and the walk of fame on Hollywood BLVD. We scored tickets to Wicked, a wonderful experience. This hotel is a gem and we will stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>GNPlover
<Content>The Best!!! Recently thoroughly enjoyed a six-night stay at the Magic Castle Hotel. I travel quite a bit and this is by far the most accommodating lodging I have ever encountered. As stated in previous reviews, it is definitely the staff that makes this place so wonderful. I was traveling with a friend, my 14-year-old niece and her 13-year-old granddaughter, for a girls week in LA. It started upon arrival with some sparkling lemonade, which was very welcome after a long day flying from the east coast. The girls had mentioned they were hungry and were immediately presented with some snacks, complimentary. The staff then asked about our plans and brought out the maps while we were discussing our itinerary, with helpful suggestions. The location is wonderful, close to the Kodak Theater, Hollywood  Highland Center, the Walk of Fame, with plenty of places to shop and eat. It was so enjoyable to have breakfast out by the pool, and the scones were wonderful (wish I had some right now!!). But, back to the staff, you are all fantastic. A special thanks to Daphne and Christen for the special attention to our two teenage girls. They are still talking about you two and are already planning next year's trip, so you will most likely be seeing us again next summer. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting LA.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bikingmar
<Content>June 28, 2007 I have plenty of fabulous things to say about the Magic Castle Hotel in Hollywood. The moment we walked in we were greeted by Shawn at the Front Desk who was very friendly and helpful. We arrived a couple hours before the typical check-in and asked if our room was available (standard queen room) but it was not, so he provided a free upgrade to a one bedroom suite! The suite was very clean and spacious, they even turn down your bed at night and leave chocolates on the pillows with the weather forecast for the next day. Megan at the front desk was also quite helpful, booking reservations at a nearby restaurant, offering us a ride to the restaurant and sending us a free appetizer! The breakfast spread is better than the continental breakfasts most large chain hotels offer, and the croissants and scones were very tasty! Location is another key point, one block from Kodak Theatre, Graumanns, and shopping at the Hollywood/Highland Centre. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kmbmommy
<Content>Great location, excellent service The Magic Castle Hotel was all that it was built up to be on tripadvisor. Make a reservation here and enjoy your vacation.The location in Hollywood is terrific. You can walk to the Hollywood and Highland Center, the Chinese Theatre, the Kodak Theatre, Hollywood Walk of Fame, etc. For this part of town, their price is more affordable than most and you get your money's worth in space. We reserved a one-bedroom suite and it included a living room with a pull-out sofa, a dining area, a full kitchen, patio with table and chairs, small bathroom and a separate bedroom with a king bed. One sign of their excellent customer service was that they had already placed a rollaway in the living room for my son before we arrived. The room had almost more closet space than my own house! The morning breakfast was adequate with offerings of delicious scones and assorted pastries, yogurt, fresh fruit, cereal and milk, juices and coffee. Our children enjoyed the heated swimming pool in the courtyard.The room itself needed some updating. The telephones, furnishings (bed and dresser, sofa bed) and the bathroom were very outdated. The A/C in the bedroom also was not sufficient to cool the room. My in-laws had a studio room which was more updated than ours and they were quite pleased with my choice of hotels!We loved this hotel and would stay here in a heartbeat if ever in LA again. Why? Because of the wonderful staff and excellent customer service! The staff were ALL very customer-friendly. Service with a smile must be their motto. When we checked in late on a Thursday evening, they offered us an orange soda spritzer in champagne glasses to welcome us to the Magic Castle Hotel. They gave us a menu of snacks (incl. sodas, bottled water, candy, and chips) available free any time of day (we took full advantage of these throughout our stay). They offered us popsicles as we lounged by the pool. They lent us free DVD's for viewing. They also printed out information on a world premiere happening on Hollywood Boulevard. By far, the nicest touch was the birthday cake and balloons they had for my mother-in-law in her room when we checked in on her birthday. Their covered parking is very secure and we took advantage of the added bonus of entrance to the Magic Castle for Saturday brunch. That is a must do as well!!! Thank you, Magic Castle Hotel and Staff, for a wonderful stay!!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Yini
<Content>Disappointed We were disappointed with this hotel after reading good reviews on this site.We found our one bedroomed suite to be be very dark, shabby and in need of a serious update. Some changes had been made e.g. new bathroom sink but rather than replacing the bath and tiles they had just been painted over and the paint had started to flake. The carpets were very old and stained and there were also stains on some of the furniture. The TV cabinet was also old and dirty. Shutters on the windows didn't open properly and we were constantly trapping our fingers when trying to gain access to the balcony. We stayed 2 nights but our room was not serviced. Breakfasts were nice and fresh and the staff very helpful, but overall it did not meet our expectations.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	5	3	3	

<Author>wiveliz
<Content>Exceeded my expectations! Absolutely loved this place! I stayed here for 4 nights with my husband, mother in law and my baby boy. The location is superb, we walked in front of the Kodak Theather every night, the nearby mall is great (plenty of places to eat at night) and the metro station is just a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The bed was very comfy and I really liked the vibe of the hotel. My mother in law stayed at the sofa bed and it was also comfy. Service is excellent...they gave us directions every day. The breakfast, although limited, is very good. If you have a one or two bedroom suite, you also have the option of cooking in the in room kitchen. The only con was that 2 out of the 4 nights, the water got cold in the middle of my shower. Also, if you are really really picky...then you may notice that the paint job in the bathroom is not perfect. Overall, I greatly recommend this place.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>3dsmom
<Content>not disappointed My family and I just returned from our vacation in Hollywood and enjoyed our stay at the Magic Castle Hotel. I want to thank the hotel staff for all their help. They went out of their way to make out stay enjoyable.We had a one bedroom suite, which was large enough for me and my husband and two teenage daughters. The room was very clean. The continental breakfast was very good. It wasn't your typical hotel continental breakfast, the food was not stale and the scones and crouscents were very good. Once again, I want to thank the staff for all their help and I will recommend this hotel to all my friends and we will be back again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NurseMom115
<Content>Execellent Excellent Excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       bathroom #2  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunbird1
<Content>The staff makes it special I stayed at Magic Castle in May for a 3-day stopover in LA as my best friend  I headed to Hawaii. We are both experienced travelers (I am a travel agent) and were both so impressed with how wonderful the staff was - from the Champagne greeting when we arrived at the reception desk to their reccommendations for dining,providing maps, directions, bus routes, etc. They were friendly, professional,efficient, and helpful. All with a cheery smile, too. The breakfast mini-scones were to-die-for! I can still taste their buttery sweetness. Classical music was was playing as we entered our suite. Big fluffy bathrobes were provided, as well as a lovely selection of toiletries. The bedding was very comfortable w/ a down duvet. The kitchen area is huge and well-equipped. All was very clean and comfy, but it could use a little spiffing to be perfect - not a problem for us, though. The owner is definitely on the right track - he's got the best staff I've ever encountered. Thanks to Gretchen, Megan, Mary Jane, Shawn and all the rest - you all are awesome.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NicSheffield
<Content>A great hotel During our stay we received excellent service from all the staff at The Magic Castle. Our room was modern and clean and although we did not use the pool, it was lovely to sit and eat breakfast there each morning. Gretchen who worked there was extremly helpful when we were deciding on which trips to go on. We would recommend not booking tours with LA city tours as we were picked up for the wrong tour, then the following day we were not picked up for our original tour as planned, We then received verbal abuse from the manager of the tour company!. Overall we had a excellent holiday and would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pippippooray
<Content>An excellent base to discover LA - lovely hotel This turned out to be a great base for a weeks holiday in LA, a very good, family hotel in a fabulously convenient location and not too expensive (at least not when we were there). Very close to all the action in Hollywood. Carparking was not too expensive at 9 dollars a day - a lot of the other hotels in our price range that I looked at were much more per day. Breakfast buffet was nice (basically cereals, pastries, cakes) and available til 10am, after that staff would offer coffee, soft drinks etc which was very nice. The hotel staff were really friendly and helpful. The room was a good size (we just had a double room not one of the apartments). Access to the rooms is off various little stairways round a courtyard with a swimming pool, so going up and down various small flights of stairs was unavoidable. The walls were quite thin - you could hear a lot of what was going on outside and in next-door rooms, but it was generally pretty quiet when we were there and we werent bothered by it. The bed was really comfortable, the aircon unit pretty efficient, the bathroom clean and good sized, with a huge shower, plenty of nice fluffy towels. A complimentary local newspaper was left on our doorstep every morning which was nice. We were generally out sightseeing all day so it was absolutely fine as a base to come back to at night, crash out and set off refreshed in the morning. We were given excellent suggestions for local places to eat, there are loads of nearly restaurants, bars, diners, cafes. there's a pay as you go internet kiosk in the courtyard. The hotel doesnt appear to sell alcohol.The Magic Castle Club is apparently well worth a visit, but you'll need to take smart clothes (jacket and tie for men, cocktail dress or trouser suit for women is what they state the dress code to be) so we didnt actually go there. We would definitely stay at this hotel again - it isnt a luxury hotel, but it is clean, comfortable, family friendly, and well located, with the friendliest and most helpful staff.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>americabound
<Content>Location and awesome staff .... We have just returned from a month in America. Travelling with our three older teenage sons I chose the Magic Castle based on Tripadvisor reviews and I must say I was pretty smug with myself for my cleverness.The room we had was a huge two bedroom with a king in one and a queen in the other and a sofa bed.. The only problem we had was that I had reiterated that we had three older sons who WOULD NOT even consider sharing a bed.............it would not do with their Aussie teenage pride!.....but when we arrived late there was no extra bed.Any angst I may have felt evaporated immediately when the concerned staff did everthing in their power to remedy the situation. I wish I had noted the name of the lovely lady who spent so much time on her knees trying to get the airbed to work and the gentleman who helped her. I would like to thank them here!! The boys swallowed their pride and the next evening a mattress was carried up for us.All in all this was a small inconvenience considering all the pros.Each day when we came back the room was spotless, there were chocolates on the master bed and soft music was playing on the stereo.The pool is lovely and we had a midnight swim each evening.Breakfast was lovely out by the pool and everyone seemed to take in the atmosphere, chatting through breakfast. There was a large variety for breakfast and with three teenagers it was a wonderful start to the day....sorry about the consumption of all those croissants....THE BEST EVER my 13 yr old says!A quick walk took us to the subway for Universal Studios one stop away..following the carefully detailed directions from the outstanding young man on the desk who gave us bottles of water as we were to be out all day! Sorry again for the lack of name (my husband's fault this time!!) but our grateful thanks all the same.Another quick walk two blocks to Hollywood Boulevard where we soaked up the atmosphere before dinner at Mel's Diner.A nice motel in a central location that is made a truly MAGIC experience because of the staff.Thank you ALL!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>family4MI
<Content>Great hotel, Great Location! Discovered this hotel through a Travelzoo special. It was on the upper end of this family of four's budget, but worth every penny! Parking at $9 was very reasonable and appreciated. This hotel provides a pleasant stay without nickel and diming you after you arrive. They offer movies to borrow for free and even give you a bucket of goodies to enjoy with it. They offered us fresh lemonade on arrival and snacks for the long ride ahead when we left. Very pleasant and helpful staff!!We had an upper floor king bedroom suite with balcony overlooking the end of the pool. Lots of room for a family to relax! The continental breakfast includes pastries, yogurt, cereal, some fruit, juice and coffee. My only suggestion is that they make the breakfast seating area non-smoking. There's nothing worse than sitting there enjoying your breakfast and have the person next to you light up and then linger over coffee continually smoking.The location is outstanding. It's a short walk to Hollywood Walk of Fame, Kodak Theater and the bus stop to get to the Griffith Observatory. The hotel staff will happily help you get timed tickets to go up to the observatory. For my next visit to Hollywood, we will not have to research hotels as we found the one to return to! Thanks Magic Castle for an enjoyable stay!  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>anniet66
<Content>Mary Jane Rocks at the Magic Castle! We enjoyed our stay last week at the Magic Castle. We got a great rate that was advertised on Travelzoo.com. The rooms are okay. They are huge but need a bit of freshening up. Breakfast was sufficient for being free and the pool was nice. Parking for $9 was the cheapest we saw on our trip.The best part about this hotel is the front desk attendant Mary Jane. She provided us insight on where to go and what to do, helped us book reservations at the hottest restaurants and used her connections to get us it. It became a joke that every day we had to go to Mary Jane to figure out what we were going to do and where we were going to eat! She is the best part about Magic Castle and deserves a raise!!!(and no, I am NOT related to her!)  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alwaysbeenyou
<Content>LOVED IT!! I recently stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel for a 鈥渙nce in a lifetime鈥?holiday. I traveled with my Mother and 2 friends all the way from Bath, UK. While we didn鈥檛 enjoy LA as much as we thought we would, we have to applaude this excellent hotel. For us, it made our holiday. We stayed in a lovely suite with a balcony overlooking the pool. The apartment itself had everything we needed(And the comfiest bed I have ever slept in). It was fantastic being able to take a late night swim or being able to sit by the poolside In the day being served ice lollies. The hotel was also so close to Hollywood Boulevard, the walk of fame and a lot of big attractions. It is also close to the metro station so its easy to get to places such as 鈥淯niversal Studios鈥? Now, I had read how great the staff were but I never expected how amazing and kind they ALL were. Every single employee helped us somehow or another, they were very keen to help us with directions when we wanted to go somewhere and always asked if we needed anything. Our 鈥渇avorite鈥?was Sean, who came up to help us when we had problems and then made us a 鈥済oodie bucket鈥?for when we were watching the films. If the manager reads this, please make sure Sean knows we were very grateful to him. In conclusion, I鈥檇 like to say that the Magic Castle Hotel has been my favourite hotel I鈥檝e ever stayed in and would thoroughly recommend it if you鈥檙e staying in the LA area.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>PeepsPiper
<Content>Awesome hotel What a fantastic hotel. Our suite was huge, like a home away from home, and very comfortable. The location is excellent. And how cool is the pool. But the stand out feature of this hotel is the friendly and personalised service - the staff go above and beyond and with pleasure - a truly rare phenomenon. They all go the extra mile. This was the 10th hotel in which we stayed in the previous 5 weeks and won our favour for all the little things that make such a big difference. It's also great value, especially with the generous complimentary continental breakfast. We would defiinitely stay again and recommend to others.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KristenMc
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! The Magic Castle Hotel was fantastic! It was like a little oasis with the hotel surrounding a central, sparkling pool. The staff was wonderful and very accommodating, the room was light and bright and spacious, and also very clean and comfortable. The location is convenient to everything and is even walking distance to some great attractions (including the Magic Castle itself). Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting LA.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>emmymac
<Content>Good location, excellent staff       Magic castle hotel room  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>BarDil
<Content>Avoid at all costs Decided to write a review of magic castle to express my anger at the continued applauding of this hotel.......Hello, No. 2 hotel in los angeles, it is absolutely crazy that this noisy, basic, grotty hotel is given this status. It is interesting if you look back at the reviews that all the bad ones express the same problems and believe me they are true. The only thing this hotel (more like a motel) has going for it is that it is near hollywood boulevard. Bedroom/apt was a short walk from main motel.It was beside other residential apts.Not very good first impression, very un hotel like. Room had light door with paper thin walls. No dvd player even though all rooms were supposed to have one. Left a do not disturb sign on door when we went for dinner, but came back to see a maid had entered and left two chocolates on our pillowsbut stole a bottle of piper champagne out of our luggage. I am being totally truthful  sincere when I say this. Hotel will probably writea response to this denying it but I am not a fool. I know when I am fleeced. It is also very interesting if you look at other bad reviewsof this motel, that I was not the only one who was stolen from. Therewas noise all night long from cars zooming right outside our bedroom window and cars pulling in to car park just outside our front door with partying yobs etc.Any reply from Magic Castle in my view is a desperate cry from a desperate motel. Very, very, very dissappointed with this accomodation.It was not exactly cheap either at $300 a night. Do not stay here! Would you like me to say it again!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>karendg
<Content>Loved the Magic Castle We stayed at the Magic Castle for three nights in April, 2007 along with our friends. We both had one-bedroom suites on the first floor adjacent to the pool and there were 10 of us in all.Everything about this stay was wonderful. The hotel staff are unbelievably kind, helpful and efficient. The full kitchen and the cont breakfast made snacks/meals easy. The hotel's location is central and it's smaller, so it's easy to get in and out of - unlike huge resort properties. The pool was heated and the tables outside it made the courtyard the perfect morning and evening retreat before and after busy tourist filled days.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cheledonna
<Content>Great locale and Service, a bit tattered Stayed here two nights in april visiting family etc. What the hotel may lack in modern it makes up for in fabulous staff, free sodas and chips, wonderful continental breakfast with home made baked goods, and spacious rooms. Speaking of the rooms - they are very dated - the furniture in living room was coming apart, the drawers in the dresser of our bedroom had no tracks and the sink in bathroom was mildewed. It's in need of an uplift but met our needs and the weather around poolside was fabulous.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>JulieEngland
<Content>Great hotel, great location We stayed at the Magic Castle for just 2 nights, 28 and 29 March at the start of a 2 week trip travelling from LA to Vegas.I had spent a lot of time researching all our hotels through TA and found all to be exactly what we wanted. Magic Castle was fantastic, as other reviewers have said, the location couldn't be better, just a few minutes walk to Chinese Theatre etc. We were with our 11 and 13 year olds and felt completely safe walking out in the area, although look out when crossing the busy road.Gretchen and staff were amazingly helpful, sent us off with beach mats, beach toys and lots of snacks when we went to Santa Monica beach.Yes rooms are a little dated but beds really comfy, and we didn't spend much time in room except to sleep.Kids loved the pool, small but heated, they felt totally relaxed here as staff so friendly and easy going.Only negative comment would be that there was no touristy info, leaflets etc on display, although you only had to ask for info and were then given everything you needed. Would have been nice to have been able to browse through things as in most hotel lobbies.Overall, couldn't have found a better place to stay and would definately go back  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jellyb
<Content>Good with Illusion of Something Better There are two ways one could write a review of the Magic Castle Hotel, from a perspective of comparison with other properties in the area and from a perspective of comparison with all hotels in general. This is the only property I've stayed at in the Hollywood area so I can't compare it to other nearby properties but feel that would be the fairest way to evaluate this property.I research my vacations to death and hadn't run across many properties that had such a uniform, overwhelming positive response so I felt this was a no-brainer. Three words best decribe this place: Location, Staff, and Location. Did I say location?As far as I can tell, if you want to be within walking distance of the center of the Hollywood Universe, this is a superb choice (although there is really not much to see besides the Walk of Fame, Chinese Theater, and the new Mall at Hollywood  Highland - otherwise this area is pretty cheesy/touristy definitely something you can see in a half day.) Nevertheless it is a good base from which to explore other surrounding areas.I'd say the reviews in general overhype this place a tad too much. The staff is on the ball and provide little 'extras' here and there like the champagne glass of lime pop when you check in, popsicles at the pool, the chocolates and weather report card in the evening. I guess these little things really impress people as many other properties don't make the small effort to do similar things. As a result, these little things they do help to give the illusion (yes pun intended) that this property is something very special. The reality is the rooms (at least ours and from reading some of the other reviews) are spacious and clean, but bit run-down and apparently have probably had only minor cosmetic rennovations in recent years such as a coat of paint and maybe some new carpet. Most (not all) of the furnishings are sparse, cheap, dated, and in some cases tired looking. There are many small aspects (although minor) of the room which were in disrepair such as peeling paint on the bathroom ceiling, linoleum coming up around the tub, slidding shudder off it's hinges (which maintenance didn't fix properly), etc. The bathroom is small, basic, and very dated with very old fixtures. It appears the only thing they've done recently to the bathroom is slap some cheap, ugly Corian on the countertop. Water pressure is good and hot water doesn't run out. A big plus.Bedroom bed was comfortable, although a little on the firm side, too firm for my wife. The mattress on the pull-out was a joke. No way anyone over 50 pounds could get a good night's rest on it. Definitely need a new pullout mattress.  The rooms have a very (I'm guessing) 1950's feel so don't book here expecting to get something newly renovated with latest furnishing and appliances. I didn't really expect this anyway but you get the feeling the owner is trying to maximize profits instead of reinvesting back into the rooms and the staff is trying to do these little extra things to make up for it. (You can rennovate while still retaining that old-school charm.) Many may characterize the rooms as having a nostalgic feel and the overall hotel having a boutique feel, which it does, and we liked that feel.The pool is small, but adequate. There is no Jacuzzi (a big minus). The layout of the hotel against the side of a hill with a U shape is great as it makes the inner courtyard/pool area shielded from the loud traffic of the busy street out front. Housekeeping service is excellent.I'd recommend staying here but don't go here with high expectations like you'll being staying at a small, boutique version of the Beverly Hills Hotel. I'm guessing that this place receives very high marks partially because comparatively it offers an excellent value for it's location and especially for those that prefer an alternative to the high-rise hotel experience.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wicki
<Content>Great stay for exploring Hollywood and L.A.       Bedroom  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BrucknerPacific
<Content>What a great Hotel! I stayed at the hotel with my family for 9 days from late March to early April. I stayed in a one room suite and my inlaws had a 1 BR right next door. We were looking for a hotel on the red line because I would be commuting to my firm's office in Downtown LA, and my wife would be traveling around Southern Cal with my inlaws, our 3 daughters, and either my brother or her brother and his new wife.First of all, the location of the hotel is amazing. Hollywood is welllocated to see everything there is to see in LA. They went to Pasadena, Universal, the Aquarium in Long Beach, Santa Barbara, Laguna Beach. We never had bad traffic. Also, it was a blast staying in Hollywood - our first morning, we went to the Chinese Theater and to the Kodak Theater (although the meaning of Oscar's was lost on my daughters - American Idol was much more relevant).The rooms are huge. The staff is super helpful. The breakfast pastries delicious. The free soda, water and snacks a treat. Really,what more do you want in a hotel.We also went to the Magic Castle. DO NOT PASS THIS UP. What a treat.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robinmanitoba
<Content>Great stay at this hotel We stayed at The Magic Castle Hotel in Hollywood for 7 nights from March 24 to March 31,2007. It was a wonderful experience...we had a one bedroom suite with every convenience imaginable!!! The location was great...within walking distance to so many sights etc. The front desk staff was superb!!! They even provided my husband with a tie and dinner jacket so we could have dinner at the Magic Castle next door to the hotel. There was always a fresh and delicious breakfast in the morning served from 7:00 to 10:00 am. ..plenty to choose from!!Movies were available at no charge and we were given snacks too!!!The suites are nice but could use a little touch up of paint in some areas but it certainly was very comfortable and I would highly recommend this hotel to friends and family. We would definitely stay there again...We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to LA as a result of the great hospitality at the Magic Castle Hotel.NM Wpg.Canada  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>klgSanDiego
<Content>Great Place to Stay This was a great place to stay, especially if you have kids with you. There is plenty of room to spread out. The staff is unbelievably wonderful. They asked us as we were checking in if we were there for a special occasion. I told them my daughter's 11 birthday. They managed to get a birthday card and box of goodies up in the room for my daughter before we got to the room. A little later they came to our room with popsicles for the kids. The continental breakast is great.The location is great for site seeing. Hollywood Blvd is one blockaway, Beverly Hills is near by, Universal Studios is 1 metro stop away.San Diego, CA  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cruzcontrol13
<Content>Fantastic Spot! This is the very best hotel in LA (Hollywood). It truly is a home away from home. The rooms are comfy, clean, modern, with all the amenities anyone might need. It is my third visit at the Magic Castle Hotel and the only place I stay while in Hollywood. The manager, Mike, along with the staff is always welcoming, helpful, attentive, and accommodating...just a delight! It is central to everything, just behind the famous Chinese theater and easy access to all of Hollywood's famous landmarks. The best thing about this hotel is the amazing service and the feeling of being in a cozy environment while on business or vacation. Thumbs up!!!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DharmaGirl
<Content>Second stay at the Magic Castle Hotel I loved this place so much the first time I stayed back in October, that I booked it again for the night of February 3rd.I'd requested the same 1-bdrm I'd had the last time, but they put me in a room that was actually bigger and nicer than the first one! (The bathroom in this one was especially roomy.)Reception was great about getting me checked in quickly since I was exhausted and needed a nap!Again, the sound of soft music was playing as I first entered the room. I should say apartment instead of room since the suite is enormous, with a hallway leading from the large living room to the bathroom, and then another to the bedroom. Just incredibly big for a hotel room!I was going to a comedy club on Hollywood Blvd, and instead of calling a cab in the nightmare Saturday night traffic I was advised by the hotel staff to walk where I was going instead, so I did. That was just perfect. I walked up the bustling boulevard over all the stars on the sidewalk and watched the tourists gawk at the familiar Hollywood landmarks and street performers. It was about a 10 minute brisk walk and well worth it.I got back to the hotel earlier than I'd expected that night, so I went down to the desk for snacks (complimentary) like candy bars and microwave popcorn. I was even able to check out a DVD for the night, free. (There's a DVD player in the full entertainment center in the large living room.) Since it was still fairly early and the hotel shuttle driver was on the site I asked if they could take me up the hill to their sister property, the Hollywood Hills Hotel. (It's on the grounds of the restaurant Yamashiro.) The view of all of Los Angeles and Hollywood from up there was just phenomenal. Evidently, the rooms aren't as nice as in the Magic Castle Hotel, but the views more than make up for it. (No views from the Magic Castle Hotel down the hill.)Afterward, I made my microwave popcorn and a cup of tea in my large full kitchen, and sat out on my big balcony overlooking the pool and just enjoyed the quiet night and the great weather.Overall, another great stay. Management and all the front desk employees went above and beyond to make my stay comfortable and get me everything I needed. I'll definitely be staying here again the next time I go to Hollywood.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>juliemallett
<Content>great place to stay!!!! we stayed in this hotel from the 26th february 07 til the 6th of march 07, the staff there were brilliant from the moment we turned up, nothing was too much trouble for the reception guys, it didnt matter what time of day or night you required something, they were always on hand and willing to help, the room was very spacious and was cleaned to a high standard every day, and the standard of the breakfast was high, something for everyone,in the evenings the maid came round with chocolates and a card telling us what the weather was going to be like for the following day,ive stayed in a few hotels in america, but nothing compares to this hotel, its the best!!!! a special thankyou to the manageress, ( sorry i forgot your name) for printing maps, and giving us directions to all the attractions.highly trained dedicated staffwe will be back next year with out a doubt to this hotelthank you magic castle for making our stay in hollywood such a pleasurejulie, nigel mallett, louise small and joshua small  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emkel98
<Content>Affordable near Hollywood attractions I have stayed with my family at the Magic Castle three times over the course of the past year. Although parking ($9) is not included in the rate, when you factor in the free continental breakfast (way above average pastries), it's an excellent bargain. The kitchen is equipped with the basics. The heated pool is well-maintained. The front-desk staff is very helpful. The rooms are slightly dated and there are some stains/wear on the furniture. I'm a neat freak and the cleanliness of the room - while fine for my husband - leaves a bit to be desired. This is a great hotel for families and the neighborhood is certainly safe enough to walk in - just two blocks to the Walk of Fame.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	2	4	4	4	

<Author>U4eeya
<Content>Unbelievable service!!!- - -what an incredible place! Their website had a slogan that reads More than you expect. That is truly an understatement. This place is convniently located, which is what attracted us to begin with. More importantly, the accomodations were so spacious- - -like having your own apartment (comlete kitchen!) and clean, well appointed with all the comforts of home. Best of all was the service- - -the helpfulness and desire to please on the part of the staff is unsurpassed!! We'll always choose this sweet little spot over a traditional hotel when we come to LA!!!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>youngboo
<Content>Great service but rooms could use updating We stayed here for 1 night . The service is great, personal and anticipitory. Much more than you would expect. The continental breakfast was terrific. High quality baked goods, cerel and milk, great cooffee and a nice selection of teas. When I asked for a Diet Coke, it was provided gratis. The pool area is nice and the underground parking at no charge a treat.Now for the other part. It is acutually a converted apt. building. We stayed in a room on the front facing the street. The traffic noise continued all night. Since we were only on the second floor, it was quite noisy. We had what had been a small 1 bedroom apt. with a full kitchen. It looks like it was built in the 40's or 50' and not much other than paint has been done /updated since and the paint was peeling in the bathroom.It is great location with wonderful staff but the rooms themselves are not up to par. My husband, a Holiday Inn kind of guy from a medium sized Mid-Western town, declined to give the name to a friend who was heading up to Holly wood.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	5	1	

<Author>Richchick
<Content>A fantastic find in Hollywood! I just returned from a 5 day stay in Hollywood with my 2 teenagers ages 13  16. We have enjoyed staying in many 5 star hotels around the world and have experienced very good service. I have to say that the Magic Castle Hotel can stand with the best when it comes to friendly staff, great service, and cleanliness.Arrival:The hotel is centrally located in Hollywood and was easy to find.The lobby is not large but is very accommodating, welcoming and tastefully decorated. The staff greeted us warmly and seemed genuinely friendly. On one side of the lobby there was a large arrangement of cookies, an assortment of teas, spiced cider, and packets for hot chocolate. There was also cool water containing sliced cucumbers.A delicious continental breakfast is served every morning from 7- 10AM. The food is arranged in the lobby and can be enjoyed out by the pool or you can take it to your room.Checking in was quick and the staff carried our luggage to our room which was on the second level. There are no elevators but there are rooms on the ground level if stairs are a challenge. There are also a few steps to the front entrance of the hotel.The rooms surround a large, lovely courtyard. Many of the rooms on the second and third levels have balconys overlooking the courtyard. Ours did not but I will know to ask ahead for one next time we visit.In the center of the courtyard is a 'splash pool'. If you want Olympic laps this is not the pool for you. It is just the right size for a refreshing dip and floating around. My kids loved it.Our room:We had the junior suite and found it to be fairly large and very clean. The carpeting looked new.In addition to the TV there was a DVD player and CD player. My kids brought their laptops and there was wirless internet for them.The hotel has a nice complimentay DVD library. When my kids went to select DVDs they were surprised with a complimentary bucket of microwave popcorn packets and an assortment of candy. The beds have down comforters and the mattresses were firm and comfortable. Turndown service is provided every evening along with chocolate mints.Location:The hotel is located at the foot of a hill within 2 blocks of busy Hollywood Blvd. Once you turn off of Hollywood Blvd the crowds and noise seem to thin out appreciably.The subway is about 3 blocks from the hotel on Hollywood Blvd and we used it to get to Universal Studios. The city was in preparation for the Oscars while we were there. All of these preparations take place in the 2 block area close to the hotel. The Hollywood/ Highland subway stop is closed on the day of the Oscars. Metro and auto traffic is detoured as well beginning several days before the Oscar presentations. Pedestrian traffic is also detoured on Hollywood Blvd beginning several days prior to Oscar day but all the major sights are still accessible such as the Kodak theater, walk of fame, and Chinese theater. I was told that this inconvenience only happens during the week of Oscar preparations every year. We found it fun and exciting to watch the city get ready for the Oscars day by day despite the inconvenience of the detours.Staff:I have never been treated better at any hotel that I have ever stayed at. The staff just go out of their way to make your stay pleasant and enjoyable. They are friendly, courteous and they let you know that they are there for you. When my kids were up into the night with jet lag I spent lots of time going to the lobby for DVD's and snacks and Marzia on the night shift was so patient and helpful. All the staff should be commended.They give you 5 star service and 5 star treatment. There are lots of bigger, grander, more luxurious hotels in L.A. but the staff at the Magic Castle make it stand along side any of them. In my opinion, there is none better.We enjoyed our stay at the Magic Castle Hotel and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rag714
<Content>Great Place to Stay We adored the Magic Castle. It was a real delight to find such clean, comfortable, friendly and quiet accommodations just a block away from the madness of Hollywood Boulevard. From the moment we arrived (and were upgraded to a suite) until we checked out we could find nothing to fault. Our only minor quibble is that our suite was on the back with a view of a wall. However, since we were receiving a spacious suite for the price of a standard room it would have been ungracious to complain. The hotel胁's leek decor, the spacious rooms (at least the suites; we didn't see the standard rooms) the delightful courtyard, and the excellent continental breakfasts (pastries from Susina's Bakery are terrific!) have been mentioned in other reviews and we concur with all of the positive comments. Worthy of special mention is the outstanding staff. Everyone was very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable of the area. Thanks to Nick and Sean (spelling?) for all your good advice and the drinks and snacks!  By the way, one of the best reasons for staying here is to gain access to the Magic Castle Club. The only way you can get in to see the magic shows is to be a member of the Academy of Magical Arts or to stay at the hotel. The Victorian building in which the Club is located is a real hoot, dinner was good, and the magic shows were absolutely terrific.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>no1pettyfan
<Content>It's the perfect Hollywood experience.       Happy faces at the Magic Castle  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	5	3	

<Author>passageWaterford
<Content>a super find Like some of the other reviewers we arrived after a 12 hour flight from new zealand. When we arrived I have to say I was dissappointed as the place definately needs a lick of paint and some ceilings had obvious evidence of a bath overflow in the apartment above. That said I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this hotel. We had our 2 kids with us ages 10  12 and they wanted to do everything there was to be done in L.A. We did the lot and the front desk staff Mary-Jane and Shawn were fantastic!!! They arranged car hire to be delivered to the hotel and picked up again when we were finished. Saved us money really as Mary-Jane said the subway to Universal Studios was the way to go as the subway station is around the corner from hotel, so we waited until the following day to hire the car. They seemed genuinely interested in what we were doing and always were there with recommendations. And what a location!!!50 meters from hollywood walk of fame, graumann's theatre and all the madness that is hollywood boulevard!!! Big selection of DVD'S for the kids to hire with a box of goodies all free of charge. And you must eat in Yamashiro, the Japanese restaurant at the top of the hill. So thats it. Great spot.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nurktwin
<Content>a knobby weekend i was lucky enough to find this hotel last september when a large group of us came from around the world to see tom petty and the heartbreakers at the hollywood bowl. the hotel is so great and charming, not the huge stuffy hotels most people stay in. i actually told a few friends this past weekend that the castle brings me back in time to the 60's where you would expect the 'rat pack' to stay. so when we needed a hotel for this past weekend to see 2 shows by 'the dirty knobs' , it was a no brainer where to stay. once again we had a huge turnout and everyone was amazed at how gretchen and the staff handled everything. there is nothing they can't provide for you, 2am pizza party by the pool, no problem, it's yours. signs on your room door welcoming us, candy baskets in our rooms (and thanks for the wine too gretchen). this hotel and staff just literally bend over backwards to make all your dreams come true. the hotel location is just perfect, easy 1-2 block walk to the prominade for shops and restaurants, walk of fame, grauman's chinese theater, disney malt shop and so much more. going the other direction is the hollywood bowl and further up the hill is universal studios theme park. this hotel is at the top of my list and will be my home whenever i visit LA. thanks gretchen and staff. hope to see you again soon.......ben  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MagnoliaSanDiego
<Content>Fantastic Stay! The main feature of this hotel is the SERVICE! From the moment we arrived, we were treated like we were in the only guests in the place. The friendliness and professionalism of the staff just blew us away. The room was large and clean, with an incredible view of the Hollywood Hills. The day we checked out, I was lamenting the fact that we were too late for the complimentary continental breakfast. In a jiffy, there was a staff, suggesting we sit by the pool (a gorgeous January day in LA), and she brought us coffee, pastries, scones and warm croissants to enjoy before we left. I will definitely stay here again and recommend it to others!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SEJacobs
<Content>A Jewel Tucked into The Hollywood Hills This was my second time staying at this hotel and let me just say, again this staff outdid themselves to make us feel welcome. They have the nicest people working there from the front desk to the housekeeping staff. All led by an incredible manager, Ms. Gretchen Crookes. She is amazing!!!!I can honestly say I have never EVER been to a hotel where I experienced this sort of hospitality. I had the feeling that there is nothing I couldn't ask Gretchen or her staff and they wouldn't try their darnedest to get it for you. The rooms and suites are gorgeously designed. It's an old building true, but beautifully renovated. The furniture has the retro look for that era and I simply adore it. I love the fact that they are the only hotel I've ever stayed at with a 24 hour pool. Throw in the delicious morning pastries and that yummy Wolfgang Puck's coffee and you're in for the hotel experience of a lifetime. Great location too. It's in walking distance or a short drive to every happening spot in Hollywood. You just have such a good feeling when you leave there. I'm sure it's difficult to please everyone totally all the time but if they don't, it's not for lack of trying. They want your stay to be pleasant. I plan to make this place my home away from home whenever I visit L.A. Give it a try if you're ever in town, I'm sure you will be delightfully surprised. Thank you so much to Gretchen and the entire staff for making our stay a most incredible experience once again.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WildflowerNJ
<Content>What a great weekend!! Thank you staff of The Magic Castle! Just wanted to say what a great experience staying at the Magic Castle is. Gretchen is just the best at what she does as is the whole staff. A few of my friends stayed the weekend and we were treated like rock stars. No detail was overlooked. The croissants were so good I went back a few times for them...yummm!! If you are ever in LA and wish to know how the other half lives, book this hotel. A big thank you to all of your staff, Gretchen, and to you..you guys know how to make a weary traveler so welcome!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mellengal
<Content>Fantastic Service! Excellent value  Excellent Value  location for the price! We had a group of 33 people (mother-son adventure) from San Diego that were attending Sunday Brunch at the Magic Castle next door and 19 of us stayed the Saturday night at this hotel. The staff was extremely helpful  went out of their way to give us great service. None of my group had any trouble checking in  staff offered complimentary drinks (sodas  water) and DVDs upon arrival. They even brought water to our room later that evening! The rooms were spacious  clean. The kitchen in our room was dated but was very neat..It was very easy ( safe) to walk over to Hollywood Blvd to see the sights. I appreciated the underground garage parking  was pleased that I was allowed to keep my car there after even after check-out while I went over to the Hollywood  Highland complex. It was great not having to pay the H H parking!!!!The only drawback was the uncomfortable sleeper sofas-we actually pulled off the mattress  placed it direclty on the floor to avoid the bar. Overall, I would give the staff, cleaniness  location high ratings  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ladyvalerie
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! I had the pleasure of staying at the Magic Castle on January 11, 2007. I was one of several girls that shared a two-bedroom Suite. We were in town to see Daughtry that night. The staff was very accommodating and the whole room had a very comfortable feeling. I slept on the sofa bed and it was more comfortable than any of the other hotel beds I have slept on! One of the staff persons, Gretchen, brought us snacks the next morning and also some photos of Daughtry that she had printed up especially for us. I highly recommend this hotel, and would stay there again on my next trip to Hollywood.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>toodlee
<Content>Love the Magic Castle Our family of 3 just returned from a 5 night stay at the Magic Castle and it was fantastic. The front desk staff are all excellent. Shawn and Gretchen I remember by name but the entire staff is phenomenal and puts many 4 and 5 star properties to shame. Covered parking at $9 a night is a bargain and the staff will bring your luggage to the room. Our one bedroom suite was spotless and well maintained. A large refrigerator, microwave, utensils and stove (all of which were clean and in working order) just added to a relaxing stay.Ate at Yamahiro's twice, great drinks, unbelievable view and shuttle service from the hotel.No safety issues whatsoever.Occasional glitches in internet service, but the staff was on top of the situation.Can't say enough- value, location, parking and great staff. We will make this our LA hotel for future trips.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kiwizuzu
<Content>Best Service of a 3 week trip to USA This is the most amazing hotel I have ever been to!!!! To all those people who only look at appearences - yes the paint may be peeling, yes the cupboards might need updating etc etc but the FANTASTIC service far outways any peeling paint. My mother and I arrived from New Zealand after a 12 hour flight where we didn't sleep and spent 3 hours in customs then spent over an hour trying to pick up our rental car (that's a whole other review) so my mood wasn't really good! Once we stepped into the lobby and we were greeted by Shawn my mood completely changed. He was fantastic as were all the staff. Everytime we left and came back to the hotel we were greeted with a smile and were asked how our day had been and what we had been up to. We were given maps to different things we wanted to see, were given recommendations for restaurants which were all good, I asked to buy stamps for all the Christmas cards that I was sending home and was told that my mail would be' taken care of ' and it was and when we left we were given a huge snack pack for our drive to Las Vegas which had drinks, chocolates, cookies and potato chips. Shawn and Gretchen are major assets to this hotel and I hope they are still there when I visit LA again later this year. If you have any doubts about staying at this hotel, don't, this is the ONLY place to stay in Los Angeles and the ONLY place I will ever stay when ever I am visiting Los Angeles in the future.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>GracieChicagoIL
<Content>Great stay, thanks reviewers! After reading the reviews here, I went ahead and booked 2 nights in a 2bdrm suite. We were traveling up and down the CA coast visiting family and we wanted to end on a tourist-y note. Can't beat the location or the service. The area felt safe enough that I let my two teen-age sons walk to and from Hollywood Blvd un-escorted, even during the evening. Big kudos to Gretchen. I called to confirm our arrival and she asked me what she could to do meet our needs. Just being asked was nice. She had books, tour guides all ready for us when we arrived. The rooms do have a slightly run-down feel but I think it adds character. The bedding was very comfortable, the accommodations more than roomy enough for 3 teens, me and my 70 year-old mother. Everyone was pleased which is no small accomplishment. I agree with what past reviews said about the pool, the b-fast etc. If I ever visit Hollywood again I would definitely stay again. Better yet, move the whole place, staff included, to Encinitas. I know I'll be visiting there more than Hollywood. ps if you stay be sure so stop by the pool to chat with Danny. He's a long-time resident and a good guy with great stories.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cmmb2005
<Content>Sweet, caring staff and a pleasant stay I am a single mother with three children. We stayed at The Magic Castle hotel on 1/4/07 and 1/5/07. I had a Jr. Suite with a kitchen.There were a few minor issues which are easy to overlook. In the bathroom, the paint was peeling a bit on the ceiling, and the shower looked a bit worn. This hotel does not boast to be a 4-star, but it is clean, courteous and great for families and those not expecting a hotel of a Four Seasons caliber. This is a nicely run, boutique hotel with an outstanding staff! During that time, I found the staff to be genuine in their offerings of help with luggage, suggestions for dinner and giving directions. My daughter became ill during our trip, and the front desk was quick to help with names and phone numbers of the local pharmacies in the area. They later asked about her and how she was feeling. They also wanted to know how we liked their suggestions for dinner. This staff is the friendliest, most courteous staff I've ever seen. If a guest has problems with this hotel, it is most likely the guest who is being difficult, not the staff.The breakfast was well above the rest, and was put out promptly and well stocked. That breakfast surpasses all the other hotels I've stayed at. The beds and pillows were soft and inviting, and the rooms were large.This was a perfect stay for my family and the kids and I will certainly be back. The location is great...walking distance from everything we had planned to see. The neighborhood was fine. I felt safe there, even walking at night. Next time we come, we'll definitely take advantage of the Sunday Brunch at the Castle. Sorry we missed it. Thanks Magic Castle! Keep up the good work.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nmartino211
<Content>Excellent, excellent, excellent and did I say excellent!!!!! I happened to find the Magic Castle Hotel through the interent and thought...that sounds pretty good...but what an understatment. My 3 teenage daughters and I travelled to LA from Toronto and from the moment we walked in the door were extremely impressed with the hotel. The suite (definitely not a traditional hotel room) was wonderful, the location was great and the staff were amazingly friendly, helpful and made the experience truly enjoyable. They took care of everything from getting us a rental car, gave us recommendations of places to go and see and provided my girls with loads of snacks and extras that will keep them talking about the experience for months!!! I have never seen them his enthusiastic about any place.Special thanks to Gretchen, Nick and I wish I could remember the other gentlemans name that was on the same shifts as Gretchen. They were always there at the ready for anything we needed....although Gretchen we never did get around to that picture of me and the girls in the red converible...ha ha!I would definitely recommend the hotel and will stay there on any future trip to LA. Thanks to everyone you were fantastic!!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Leyland123
<Content>Avoid at all cost We booked this hotel following all the wonderful reviews that we had seen placed on trip advisor. After a 12hr flight from New Zealand we looked forward to booking in.Staff on the front desk where very helpful when checking in and gave us the key to our room.Upon arriving at the front door we wanted to leave, the carpets were filthy, plaster was pealing off the walls and when we opened the door we could have cried.The room was terrible. The furniture looked extremely dated and the shower area was disgusting. All we wanted to do was get some sleep but in all honesty we couldn鈥檛 have slept given the conditions.Went down to the front desk and asked if we could change rooms, the new room was even worse. With this in mind we checked out and booked into the Marriot across the road.This was a real let down given all the great reviews that have been wrote previously.In all honesty this was the worst hotel that we have ever stayed in (albeit very short)  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>kathymander
<Content>Magical stay We have just returned from a 5 night stay over the New Year's Holiday at the Magic Castle Hotel in Hollywood. The staff were great and even provide a ride up to the Yamashiro Restaurant at the top of the hill above the Hotel. The view and food are incredible. Memoirs of a Geisha was partly filmed here. The hotel staff were very friendly and accomodating. Walked into the lobby to the wonderful smell of hot cider and cinnamon(cookies too). Afternoon tea is available every day. Bottled water is provided as you need it. Our room was spacious for our family of 4: 2 adults and 2 teenagers. We could fall asleep in our bedroom and not hear their late night movie.Had a full kitchen. Every morning we took our breakfast back to our room to sit on the patio enjoying the morning sun. Breakfast was great, cereal, pastries, fruit, yogurt, granola, juices, coffee. There is a pleasant heated outdoor pool for sunning or swimming. Staff helped us with directions/maps and reservations. We did the family brunch at the Magic Castle Club on Sunday at their recommendation. We had great food and were treated to a Magic show that was funny and truly amazing. Our son thought it was as good as Universal Studios. This hotel is located very close(walking distance) to Grauman's Chinese Theatre and the stars walk on Hollywood Boulevard. We took the metro to Universal Studios-it is 1 stop away. We were centrally located to make easy drives of 20 or 30 min to Pasadena, Santa Monica and the Getty Center. We will definitely stay here when we come back to LA. This hotel helped make our vacation an almost perfect trip.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lorlexrik1
<Content>Great hotel for families After reading reviews online we booked and had a fantastic experience here. The room was large and clean and amenities like an apt. which made it perfect traveling with our 2 kids. The front desk staff could NOT have been any more helpful and courteous. They shuttled us up the mountain to Yamashiro restaurant, provided driving directions and suggestions of where to go. The only negatives were the pullout sofa's mattress was prettty worn out to the springs and they did not have any replacements and the rooms were not very soundproof as the other bathrooms were quite loud as was the traffic. But- nothing is perfect but this place was close- great location, room and service.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tyramisu
<Content>Such a Wonderful Experience...the Staff is the best Several of us from Northern California and Las Vegas met up at the Magic Castle on Nov. 28th. From the moment we entered the lobby (which had warm cider  cookies for us) to the time we left it was the best hotel experience we've ever had. The staff went out of their way to see that we had everything we needed. They called for cabs, they gave us snacks to have on the flight home, they even made each of us a sign as a memento of our trip with the name of the band we had come to town to see...The rooms were fully stocked with all the necessities and the beds were very comforatble. If we are ever lucky enough to be in LA again, we definitel will plan to stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CRZY4CHRIS
<Content>Friendliest staff I have ever met! There were 6 of us who stayed in the 2 bedroom suite and we were extremely pleased. From the moment we stepped foot in the Magic Castle hotel we were treated like royalty. Doors were opened for us, a sparkling juice cocktail was handed to us in champagne glasses, and chocolates and biscotti's were available - what more could a girl want!!! We were then escorted to our room by Gretchen. who let me tell you is a GEM!!! I hope the MC realizes what a special employee they have here. She made us feel so incredibly welcome...just can't say enough about her!!!The room was pleasant and spacious for all of us. Of course, a second bathroom would have been nice - haha! Everything was nice and clean..something I always appreciate in a hotel room!! The hotel is in a perfect location too...just a few short blocks to Hollywood Blvd. We felt very safe in the hotel!The next morning we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast that the hotel provides. There were delicious scones, yogurt, cereal, coffee, tea available...everything was wonderful! Overall, it was a great experience and even plan on staying there again in the near future. We had decided to do some sightseeing the next day and even though we had checked out, the hotel had graciously held our luggage for us. Gretchen even provided us with some travel snacks for our plane trip home. Talk about hospitality!!! We were all impressed with this hotel...you will not go wrong with this one!Just want to add that all the employees (wish I could remember all their names) were incredibly friendly..we just spent the most time with Gretchen and therefore, remember her name!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ExitRatRace
<Content>Had a magic birthday at the Magic Castle Hotel... I had wanted to go to the Magic Castle Club for my birthday but heard that it was a private club for members only. However, my boyfriend discovered that guests of this hotel were given admission to the club during their stay. The reviews looked good so we took a chance. We were not disappointed. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Upon arrival we were offered cookies and hot cider. The club is just right next door to the hotel, but if you ask, they are happy to shuttle you up the small hill just so the ladies don't have to try and hoof it up there in high heels! I certainly appreciated that. :-)When we came back from the Magic Castle (which we LOVED!) there was a pretty box all wrapped up in a ribbon that contained an adorable mini birthday cake and a card signed by the staff! What a nice touch--and yummy cake too.We were surprised to hear that the pool is heated to 80 degrees year round so we took advantage of that fact and had a romantic and refreshing moonlight swim. (They don't close the pool at night, they just ask that you observe quiet hours and not disturb others).The hotel was close enough to walk to all the other places that we wanted to see so it was the perfect place to stay. I would definitely stay there again if I am in the area. Thanks Magic Castle Hotel Staff for a magic birthday!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rosie1
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here 21.11.06 for three nights. Had a one bedroom suite overlooking the pool. The suite was great. Spacious, clean and tidy. It does look a little tired in places, paintwork, cupboards etc, but it is really nothing to worry about. The other features more than make up for it. The complimentary breakfast was more than adequate for us, juices, coffee, toast, pastries, yoghurts, cereals etc which can be eaten by the pool, weather permitting, or taken to your room. The staff were very attentive and friendly. The location was brilliant. A few minutes walk to the walk of fame, Graumans Chinese Theatre, Kodak Theatre etc. We were able to have dinner in the Magic Castle Club. My husband thoroughly enjoyed this. It was a really great place, Magicians were all very good, some better than others though. I would definitely recommend a stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cz2
<Content>Love it, Love it, Love it!! We just returned from our Thanksgiving trip to LA and I had to comment on our stay at the Magic Castle. Our extended family (grandparents, aunt, uncle,niece,nephew, and daughter) stayed at the hotel for a week while visiting family in LA. This was our second stay at the hotel and while we didn't think our first stay could be topped...it was. The wonderful staff, attention to detail, comfortable surroundings are not a fluke, a one time occurance. This hotel truly cares about their guests and their experience at the Magic Castle and it is evident in everything they do. From the moment of check in, the great breakfast (poolside or in your room), the heated pool (the kids loved it), the comfortable rooms (we love the duvet!) to the movie packages for the kids (free dvd's and movie snacks). We have, as a group, stayed at hotels around the world and we all agreed that this is the best! Not the most deluxe, yes, the paint is chipping in places. It is not an exclusive 4 star ,but by far the most inviting, comfortable place. We hope to return next year, the only reason we might not is because my in laws are in their 80's and the stairs (no elevator) :( are really hard for my mother in law ( though she vows to return!)Thank you to everyone at the Magic Castle for helping to make our family trip a wonderful time.P.S. ceiling fans in the bedrooms would be really nice! (especially the first floor rooms)  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Squiz
<Content>A fab hotel, very friendly staff and a great location       The bathroom  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DiMor
<Content>Reviews Were Right! Our family of five (four adults, one child) just returned from our vacation, and I am so happy to report that our Magic Castle stay was great. I had booked the two-bedroom suite after reading these reviews, and I had my fingers crossed that my family would approve. They did! The staff was great (Hi Gretchen) and so friendly. We were met with chilled fruit juice upon check-in. The pool water was warm and refreshing. The location cannot be beat. The complimentary contintental-style breakfast was a plus. The best thing besides the great staff was the CLEANLINESS. We were so comfortable sleeping in such clean quarters...As there are no elevators, be prepared to climb some steps from the (secure) garage to your room, very do-able for most people. We hope to return again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>OsideLB
<Content>The Staff is AMAZING! We loved the Magic Castle! It is a really cute little boutique hotel with the most amazing staff I have ever encountered! Yes, I've stayed at the Four Seasons and in various hotels around LA and no staff comes close. We stayed on our anniversary and while I barely mentioned it as a special occasion they treated us like rock stars. Among other things, we had to change our dinner reservation last minute because the restaurant was too far out of the way before our concert. They got us into the sushi restaurant up the hill, shuttled us up there, and even had a lovely complementary appetizer waiting to start us off. The rooms were great (we had a suite) and the hotel was convenient to walk to the Lucky Strike for a cocktail later. The only thing I would change is the pool. It needs a little updating and is pretty small...real estate is tough to come by in LA.I really can't say enough about the helpful, friendly, fun,  really on-top-of-it staff of professionals. They're the best.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>scoobyscout
<Content>wow! loved it we decided to pay a visit to los angeles and not knowing a single thing about it we decided that staying close to holywood walk of fame was important to us... after some researching we found the most perfect hotel possible. four minute walk and we were at the chinese theatre.!!!breakfast included. even better. staff friendly and knowledable. yes that was full marks as well. so after relaxing in our rather large private room (which included chocolate on the pilllows) we enjoyed a hearty healthy breakfast by the pool before chatting with the excellent staff on what to do and how to get there. armed with our free map we were soon on the local subways...i highly recommend this fantastic friendly hotel to anyone who is unsure about anything los angeles!!!!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jayne.d
<Content>lovely place We stayed at Magic Castle hotel in a 2 bed suite overlooking the pool for 4 nights. All the staff were super friendly, helpful and informative. The pool was great at 11pm at night after a hard day of sightseeing and the rooms spacious and clean. Great beds and toiletries. Just all round great!!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SydneyTravellers
<Content>Great stay at the Magic Castle Our family of four stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel for two nights after a long flight from Sydney. The staff were extremely helpful in booking us a Hollywood tour at short notice and accomodated our every need throughout our stay. The room (a one bedroom unit) we stayed in was bright and clean, just next to the pool. The breakfast was plentiful and it was nice to be able to take your choices back to your room. The location of the hotel is great, we got the train easily to Universal studios (a great day). Be aware that Hollywood Bvld is pretty sleazy at night, and there are many homeless people living in the park across the road from the hotel. The staff suggested Micalo's for dinner one night, a short walk from the hotel. This is a wonderful restaurant with singing waitors.We booked this hotel due to the favourable reviews in Tripadvisor and were not disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kobrien
<Content>Great friendly service The Magic Castle Hotel is fantastic. A bit dilapidated and our rooms had horrors like thorn curtains and windows facing a giant clima box and an even less attractive wall. HOWEVER it had a great and safe location right behind Hollywood Boulvard, the courtyard pool is heated which was a thrill as nights in LA are chilier now. The staff was so friendly warm and welcoming and did everything whatever we requested in a split second. The internet was complimentary so as the breakfast. They also have lovely spiced water and fruit in the hall for free. The Magic Castle show was awesome and it is itself worth the stay. Once we got over the state of the room we felt like home.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>hr06
<Content>The Friendliest staff ever I thoroughly enjoyed the magic castle. The staff were so friendly. The accommodations are clean, a bit old. The location is prime for doing the typical tourist scene. When you enter the hotel there is a bowl of apples and cucumber water to quench your thirst. The continental breakfast was great, fresh croissants and scones every morning. I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Forest1963
<Content>Friendly and helpful This hotel is a perfect combination of friendly staff and a great location. After a long flight we were welcomed like long lost friends with a drink in the foyer - fantastic! The room was very spacious and comfortable although not luxurious. The breakfast in the morning was relaxed and plentiful. Again, everything being presented in a very friendly way. With the Chinese Theatre and Walk of Fame literally 10 minutes walk away and Universal Studios barely 15 minutes drive, this hotel is very well situated if you only have a short time in LA.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>toby1kenobi
<Content>Fine We expected more, to be honest, but we ended up in one of the smallest rooms, which was pretty small! Given the price the hotel's not in quite as good condition as you might imagine, however the location is good, the staff are friendly and helpful and the breakfast is nice.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	-1	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vreemel
<Content>Wow! I heard about this hotel from a friend that lives in LA. She always wanted to check out the Magic Castle Club (located next door) but couldn't because it is a private club. The only way to gain access is to be a member OR be a guest at this hotel. I decided to be a guest and WOW was it a good choice! When we checked in, they gave us sparkling orange juice, explained everything about the area, gave us maps and quickly helped with our luggage. The rooms are HUGE, the beds are fluffy and the soaps they offer are simply luxurious! I stayed for 6 days so having a fridge in the room was especially helpful as well. I have never stayed at a hotel with a more helpful staff. Everyone was so great... even the maids. It was all the little details that made our stay so memorable... the chocolate turndown service, the small note cards left in your room each evening to alert you to the next days weather, the popsicles at the pool, the FREE mini bar. One word sums it all up; WOW! I will be back!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tezzarooney
<Content>Best Hotel of our Trip Myself and two friends stayed at the Magic Castle whilst on a whistle stop tour of the States. We only booked for one night, yet stayed for an extra two because of the great service we received from the staff and the spacious apartment sized room we stayed in. The hotel staff exceeded all of our expectations and were always friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was delicious and handy when you're travelling on a budget. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends, family and anyone who travels to Los Angeles.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>M2E
<Content>Fantastic hotel , and location This was the best hotel we stayed at during our honeymoon (Value for money too). Staff were very friendly, the hotel room turned out to be a huge appartment, kitchen, lounge, dining table, dvd player, 2 tvs, hi fi, soft music playing, kitchen with drinks and food. Would recommend to anyone. 1 block walk to the walk of fame, chinese theatre, kodak theatre  Hollywood Bowl. Everything you need within walking distance. Just brilliant.Admission to the neighbouring Magic Castle included, Complimentory breakfast and newspaper each morning. Free dvd rentals and tomorrows weather forecast posted in your room each night. Staff go out of their way to help.We stayed in over 5 hotels through out California / Nevada on our trip - most higher star rated and none came close to the quality and experience.Finally upon arrival home after the trip a postcard had been sent hoping you had enjoyed your stay.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>rahir
<Content>Service was great, but room just ok We stayed here for a night while visiting friends and family. The staff couldn't have been nicer- from the glass of limonada when we arrived to great directions on our way out to dinner and complimentary scones, fruit, and juice for breakfast. We really felt like we were at a small 5 star hotel! The room, though, wasn't up to par. It was really small- barely enough room for the bed, end table, desk, and tv/stand, and the furniture reminded me of the stuff we had in college. The mattress was flabby, sinking in the middle. The tv also had a big purple spot on the lower right screen. The bathroom pretty much matched the bedroom: there was some paint/baseboard issues, and there were no turkish bathrobes as the website advertised. Turndown service was a nice touch, though, and the pillows were really plushy.For us, the location, $8 parking, and service stood out above everything else, and if you're looking for some charm in Hollywood, this is the place to go.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>AussieNSW
<Content>Magic staff We spent one night here on 11th Oct. The staff were funny , helpful and actually were enjoying doing there jobs. They made us feel at check in like we were friends who had come to visit not paying customers. After a long drive from San Francisco we arrived tired and stressed. We arrived a few hours before check in and the check in staff stored our luggage and happily put it in our room when it was ready. They provided us with great directions and suggestions on what might interest our family of 6. The room was clean and suited our needs perfectly.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DKFAN
<Content>Outstanding Hotel! I can't say enough for this hotel. My friends and I were treated like Kings and Queens. I've never stayed at a hotel where the goal of the staff is to make every one of your desires and whims come true.My girlfriends and I, shared a two bedroom suite. We had 6 of us ladies sharing this suite and we had room to spare. Two good size bedrooms with very comfortable queen size beds and a living room with a sofa bed. We also had two full bathrooms and a wonderful apartment size kitchen with the works.We had traveled from all over the states to see a concert and the Hollywood Bowl, and they knew about this and welcomed us with a special card and some nice little treats and candies. They also provided us with a 6-pack of Coca Cola.After the concert, we were all very hungry, the young man working the front desk ordered pizza for us to be delivered on the patio by the pool. It was a perfect way to end the day.If I am ever in Hollywood again, this will be my choice from now on for a hotel.Gretchen and staff are incredible! 5 Star treatment with a 3 Star price. Doesn't get much better than that.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katgold
<Content>Fantastic staff at the Magic Castle Hotel Have just returned home after a 3 night stay at the Magic Castle Hotel during our LA leg of our holiday. Firstly all the postive comments regading the helpfullness and friendliness of the staff particuarly at reception are absolutely true! The staff could not have been more helpful from giving directions and maps to giving my daughter a gorgeous box of I love LA chocolates when she felt sick.The breakfast each morning was a treat and so welcome.The rooms are spacious but quirky and whilst they are not luxuorious they have a charm that is very welcoming.I highly recomend the postion the staff and this hotel.I will definately stay here again  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>GirlandBoy
<Content>Great Staff  Hotel is less than a five minute walk to the Walk of Fame and Mann's, even for me in my flip flops. Hotel location also means you are close to some of the main bus routes (along Hollywood Blvd) for those using public transport to get about like we were. Rooms are clean and the suite we had would have been big enough for us to live in! Breakfast being included is such a bonus and we really enjoyed eating it by the pool each morning. As mentioned on a number of other posts the staff are absolutely fantastic and could not have done more for us. They give us great directions every day and great advice on what buses to take where. Would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>1stclasstraveler
<Content>Nothing Else Mattered The hotel was charming and MOST of the staff was friendly. We loved the spacious room, but couldn't take off our shoes, as the carpet was filthy.None of the positives really mattered once an employee stole my medication out of my room! One of the medications is not carried by many pharmacies, and is very expensive. I spent the entire last day of my trip searching for a pharmacy.Obviously, they do not do background checks or use good judgement when hiring.They did not discount my stay or compensate me in any way. The cost to replace the medicine was $460. I have no idea if the employee was even fired.Beware, and do not leave valuables or medication in your room!I will never be back.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	4	2	3	

<Author>catvic
<Content>great holiday what a lovely hotel. staff could nt do enough for us. easy going clean and friendly. how we d love to go back. so close to everything you want to see. kids made very welcome.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TimPithers
<Content>Fantastic location, great staff The Magic Castle Hotel is right in the middle of Hollywood - you can't beat the location! It's about 2 minutes walk from the Walk of Fame, Grauman's Chinese Theatre etc. This was fantastic for our 5 night stay as it put us in a perfect location from which to explore everything we had set out to. The hotel's staff is probably it's greatest asset, as all of the members are very friendly, welcoming and incresibly helpful. Our suite was spacious and comfortable but quite dark and hot. I guess that was due to it being a ground floor room. The air conditioners worked fine, if a little noisy. Maybe a 1st floor room would be better. The DVD player and CD player are nice additions as is the DVD collection available at the front desk. I think the hotel would benefit from a lick of paint, especially around the pool area, but this didn't spoil the enjoyment of our stay. We really enjoyed the breakfast buffet (delicious croissants) as it was a nice relaxing start to the day. We took up the offer available to hotel guests to visit the Magic Castle Club next door which proved to be an enjoyable evening of dining and magic. The interior of the building is amazing!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>noordhuisfamily
<Content>very friendly staff We had a very pleasant stay. Walking distance from everything. The hotel is old, the kitchen cabinets were old (we had a suite), but everything was very neatly painted. And it was very (and I mean very!) clean. The bed slept excellent. Staff was unbelievably friendly and helpful. We came with 3 kids (4,2 and 1 year old) and they lent us a book: Visiting LA with a stroller. Such a nice gesture. They loaded us with advice for places going for diner, how to use the metro etc. And when I asked the closest store for buying milk in the evening (the two youngest drink milk before going to bed, and we hadn鈥檛 found a store on our way back to the hotel) the staff said it was too far to walk and offered us milk from their kitchen. They were so helpful! Also when we went to the pool the kids got a popsicle. And also, we really got there early (before noon) but it was no problem to check in, what was really a blessing when you鈥檙e traveling with 3 small kids.We loved the breakfast. Being Europeans it was so nice not to get eggs and sausages but really good muffins, bread and toast. And the whole day there was fresh fruit and iced water (with cucumber) in the lobby available.We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MissRyan
<Content>Can't recommend it enough! My boyfriend and I booked a double room at the Magic Castle, for our week long trip to LA in June 06.When we arrived we found we had a *huge* suite. The staff were absolutely lovely, friendly and funny and very attentive. It had a great pool, a laundry room, and tasty breakfast was available every morning.The suite was great, complete with a good sized kitchen and balcony. The only slight let down was the bathroom, which could have done with a lick of paint, and the carpets could have done with a bit of a clean, but generally it was excellent, and extremely good value for money.The customer service at the hotel was really good, they left Hersheys kisses next to the bed every day, and in the evenings left us a card with the next days weather forecast on so that we'd be prepaped. The staff always had time to listen to you, and were full of suggestions and recommendations.The hotel is in a great location, just next to the walk of fame, right in the centre of Hollywood. I really can't recommend it enough.One night we went for dinner at the Magic Castle club, which is next door, and while it is a beautiful building, and the magic shows were spectacular, the food was overpriced and not very nice. I'd recommend going for the shows, but definitely not for dinner.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sharon55
<Content>Amazing service, great value Our junior suite turned out to be a spacious one-bedroom apartment with full kitchen, lots of closet space, and many extras and suprises. Two chocolate cakes and some gifts awaited us in our kitchen when we checked in , courtesy of the hotel (we were celebrating our 2 children's birthdays). Staff was unbelievably friendly and helpful. This place is an amazing value, especially considering its location in Hollywood, just walking distance from major attractions. This is a great place for families. We will definitely go back next time we are in L.A.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>westyboy
<Content>Some paint would be nice Yes, the hotel is friendly, clean and centrally located, but what they reallly need to do is get some good painters and plasterers in there to touch up some of the crumbling walls. Service was excellent.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jane_Cs.
<Content>a brilliant all suite hotel My husband, daughter aged 17, son aged 14 and myself stayed here for the first 3 days of September 2006. On arrival we were greeted with a glass of iced lemonade. The suites are generous and open onto a pool. The room rate is reasonable and includes a buffet continental breakfast. There was fruit and iced water available all the time. What impressed me most was the helpful and caring Front Desk staff. Noneof them could have been more helpful or charming and they all went out of there way to offer help, advice and takeway menus! We had a super end of vacation stay here and I would definately stay here again. The location on the road parallel to the Road of Stars is ideal and a Metro is just 5 minutes stroll away and one stop from Universal Studios.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmhathhjsros
<Content>Adored the Magic Castle Hotel I found the Magic Castle Hotel on the internet. I stayed there for three nights with my husband, my sister, and my nephew. For my nephew's 16th birthday, I bought him a ticket to come from Ireland to CA. It was his first visit to this country. All four of us absolutely loved the hotel -- location was great. My nephew loved Hollywood Blvd... We loved the proximity to everything. The suite was spacious and clean and right beside the pool. In addition to all that, we absolutely loved the staff. They knew it was my nephew's birthday trip, so they had a birthday cake and card waiting for him when we arrived. They called him by name. They could not have been more helpful with directions, rental car, you name it. I stay in hotels a lot, and I'm pretty picky. I have never, ever found a more friendly staff in any hotel anywhere in the world. They really did treat us like family. I wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else in LA. Full marks.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Proboscus
<Content>The Best Ever This hotel is amazing. It is a small old fashioned boutique hotel with the best of everything - not in terms of glitz and glamour - in terms of the things that really matter. The suites are roomy, modern, clean, and comfortable and have every amenity you need. The beds were great too! There was enough room to stay for weeks; in fact it was like a small apartment. The pool and layout of the hotel is perfect and makes you feel like you are in a community. The location is great if you want to walk around Hollywood and do the tourist stuff. Walk up to the Hollywood Bowl and see the museum there. It's interesting. The unique and plentiful breakfast was delicious and great way to start the day - sitting at the pool and eating fresh baked goodies. There is parking under the hotel for a reasonable price and it is easy. But the absolute best thing about this hotel hands down is the staff. From the minute I spoke to Gretchen on the phone to book the room until the second we said we left and Mike and his staff said goodbye - all of them were amazing! They deserve a customer service award. Even my two teenage boys could not get over how helpful the staff was about everything. And always pleasant with a smile and a friendly attitude. As my boys put it  Mike is the Man. They were very impressed. Oh yes, and don't miss the view from the restaurant on top of the hill above the Castle - also one of their properties. The food was great there too! I would go back to LA just to stay at the Castle again. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>destination1
<Content>Very disappointed I truly agree with the entry on July 19th. The two bedroom suite was also not very clean. It may have been the old dirty carpet that made it seem dirty. There were cracked tiles in the shower. A very old ironing board that you pull down from a small closet in the kitchen. Ice cube trays and not an ice maker. Oh that's right, it was an old refridgerator. A closet with cleaning supplies that looked like a junk closet. A small swimming pool, that even the kids (ages 12 and 13), did not like. Wireless internet service that did not work. I would never stay at this hotel again or recommend it to anyone. As much as we paid for our 4 night stay, it was not worth it. The only good thing about the bedrooms were the comfortable beds with the white comforters. We had the desk clerk call for a cab when it was time for us to leave. We waited for 30 minutes and no cab showed up. I believe the cab company that was called only own two cabs, a mini van and a car. I had to go down to the street to flag a cab down myself.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mpcmommy
<Content>Best hotel customer service ever! We stayed at the Magic Castle twice in the last year and have never experienced such incredible service before. The staff is willing to fulfill all your needs: everything from a knife for the kitchen to detergent for the laundry to directions to anything in LA. We stayed in one of the one bedroom suites, which was very spacious--about 800+ square feet. It had a large living area, dining area, and smallish, but functional kitchen. The bathroom was nice and the king sized bed was very comfortable. There was also lots of storage.The pool area is very nice and the staff will regularly bring you popsicles. The continental breakfast is absolutely delicious and is supplied by a local bakery. It is within walking distance of the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Magic Castle shows are free to guests, although, unfortunately we were not able to take advantage of this.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ariadante
<Content>Nice place, Great Customer Service My wife and I stayed at Magic Castle with our 7 year old son over the weekend and made a visit to Universal Studios ( 10 minutes away ). The Suite we stayed in was ok and the hotels rooms seemed just ok but they make up for the lack of upgrades in excellent customer service and location. They are pretty central to most areas in Hollywood and close to many attractions. The Japanes restaurant which is affiliated with the hotel on top of the hill has an amazing view and beautiful interior and the food and service is somewhat slow but ok.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>HH1000
<Content>The Staff Make the Experience! I stayed at The Magic Castle Hotel for two nights the week of August 13th, 2006. The hotel room was expansive, with a large bedroom, a much larger living area equipped with a sleeper sofa and dining table, and a full kitchen. The hotel courtyard features a beautiful, clean pool, which if I had more time I would have loved to enjoy. The location is great, near Hollywood attractions and providing easy access to other parts of L.A. The greatest perk is, of course, the ability to visit The Magic Castle for dinner and entertainment, and I recommend the experience to everyone. The finest quality of The Magic Castle Hotel, even with the advantages described above, is the staff. Friendly and helpful, they introduce themselves with a smile and a complementary cold, crisp sparkling juice served in a champagne glass. No question was left unanswered, whether about the room, activities in the area, transportation, directions... I would particularly like to thank Gretchen Crookes, the Guest Services Manager, for doing everything possible to make my stay enjoyable short of accompanying me around town!I highly recommend The Magic Castle Hotel to one and all planning a trip to Los Angeles.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Radar_Geek
<Content>Great staff and great visit We spent three nights at the Magic Castle Hotel in July. I had read reviews about how good the staff is, and these reviews are no exaggeration. We were greeted with soft drinks in wine glasses and given popsicles at the swimming pool. The front desk gave us great advice on tours and restaurants and made reservations for us. They were very knowledgeable about the area. The quickly helped us with anything we needed. We had one meal at the Magic Castle Club. It was a very unique experience that was quite enjoyable. The hotel is well located. We were able to walk to Hollywood Boulevard for tours and sight seeing. The fee for parking a car was more reasonable than other hotels in the area. We never had problems finding a parking place, and the parking lot was very secure. The rooms are not new, but they are well maintained. We had a great deal of room, and the kitchen was very convenient. The hotel was very charming and had a lot of character.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traceyp
<Content>Great for Families. Loads of Space We stayed in the one bedroom suite ( room 105) for 3 nights last week. Our family of 4 included mom, dad, daughter 13 and son 10. The location of the hotel was great for walking to the majority of the Hollywood sights (Chinese Theatre, Kodak, Starline Tours, El Capitan theatre, Disney Soda Fountain, and the Hollywood and Highland Shopping Center). The room had more than enough space and was clean and provided all the necessary amenities. The staff was extremely helpful and we enjoyed the breakfast every morning sitting at the tables by the pool. Other users mentioned the bathrooms as an area of concern, so I was a bit worried. However in our room, there were only two specific issues: there was no working extractor fan which probably caused some of the peeling paint on the ceiling over the shower and the towel rack that they chose was far too flimsy for the weight of the towels and was begining to come loose from the wall. But that is it!! The remainder of the room was very nicely decorated to modern standards for a boutique hotel.We would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wrw1105
<Content>A Magical stay My son and I stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel during a vacation to the LA area. The hotel is small but in a great location, just two blocks from Hollywood Blvd. One of the best parts was its association with the Magic Castle. Minors can't get into the Castle to see the performances except on weekend brunches and unless you are with a member. The only exception is for those staying at the hotel. Since my son is a magic buff, that was a big attraction of staying there.However, we were pleasantly surprised with just about everything. Most impressive was the staff which was so incredibly friendly and helpful. They were never overbearing but always willing to help out.The rooms were decent, but not overly impressive. They had everything we needed. I was a little taken aback by the carpets, which looked a little worn, but half-way through our stay, they were being replaced. The beds were very comfy while the bathrooms were a little tired, but still very functional and clean.Every morning there was a continental breakfast served in the small lobby. I ususally took my food out to the pool-side tables and sat there. The pool was a great feature; it wasn't too big but was great for cooling off. My only complaint was one night, at about 2 a.m., some drunks jumped in and were a little noisy. But that was an isolated occurence.If you're there on vacation, you can easily walk to Hollywood Blvd and all the attractions there. As well, the hotel next door -- which I wouldn't suggest you stay at -- is where Janis Joplin was found dead.Overall, I'd go back to this hotel in a minute, based largely on the staff. Great job  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>hawkeye27
<Content>Highly Recommended My family of 4 recently stayed in a refurbished 1 BR suite for 8 nights. Our family includes 2 young teenagers. The hotel is a wonderful central location for LA and surrounding areas including Walk of Fame and Chinese Theater, beaches, Disney, Universal, Dodger game, etc.. The refurbished suite provided excellent space for the 4 of us to spread out and either watch TV in the BR and living room or read the morning newspaper at the the kitchen table. The continental breakfast included fresh croissants, scones, fruit, cereal, juice and coffee. The beds, pillows and bathroom towels were very comfortable especially after a hot, sandy day at the beach. The small pool was refreshing. Upon arrival, our room included treats for the kids and a bottle of Pinot. The staff also provided a roll away bed. The underground secure parking was a welcome convenience for only $8/night. We felt very safe and secure at this location.The staff on all shifts were very nice and accomodating with driving directions and a very welcome good morning or afternoon! A special thank you to Gretchen, Nick and Darren for their hospitality. During our stay, I viewed several hotels considered on Trip Advisor and would honestly say that my choice was the correct one. I would highly recommend this hotel for the price and location.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vienna81
<Content>Great value We stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel for four nights in early August, and we really enjoyed this hotel. Everyone who works in the hotel is very friendly and helpful, especially with providing recommendations on places to eat and helping out with directions. We stayed in a studio room and the furniture was renovated, but the carpet was not. The bed was large and comfortable. The hotel is a few blocks from all the Hollywood attractions like Kodak Theatre, etc. The breakfast is basic and pretty good. We liked the free DVD rentals a lot. There is a fridge in the studio.There was that there was a lot of noise the first two nights from other hotel guests next door. The walls are very thin. There were some cracks in the wall. Also, the shower temperature was not totally consistent. The parking garage is good but small, and the spaces are very tight. We did not use the wireless internet, so we cannot comment on it. There is an internet kiosk that is 20 cents/minute if you do not have a laptop.If you are looking for a posh and luxurious experience, this is not the hotel for you. However, if you are looking for great value and a comfortable experience, and don't plan on being on your room all day, Magic Castle is a good fit.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>woolpitch
<Content>Mostly good... I've been to the Magic Castle twice now and really enjoyed both stays. The location is perfect - a 5-minute walk to the Hollywood  Highland area, but far enough away from Hollywood Blvd to be quiet. Also very easy to get on the route to other tourist areas, eg Santa Monica.The hotel has obviously had some refurbishment in the last couple of years, but - as others have posted here - the decor still needs to be updated in some areas. The bathroom in particular looked very old. But in terms of getting the exotic 'old-style Hollywood Motel' feel, it's right on the money. Despite the old bathroom, I would certainly stay here again and would recommend the hotel to other travellers.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BRboy
<Content>LOVED THE HOTEL AND ITS AWESOME STAFF I can't say enough great things about the Magic Castle Hotel and its incredible staff. The experience was great from the moment we arrived and all the way through check out. At check in, we were provided with sparkling italian sodas (an unexpected treat on such a warm day). The rooms were tastefully appointed. And they even had complimentary breakfast and free wireless service. The best part of our stay is when we went into our room. There was a chocolate cake and a card signed by the staff. I'm not sure how they even knew it was my birthday. I highly recommend staying at the Magic Castle. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RTown
<Content>Magic of Hollywood My girlfriend and I stayed one night at the Magic Castle. Our overall impression is the Magic Castle was worth the stay. It is extremely close to all the Hollywood action. The rooms were as described with nice linens and clean appearance. Our room had new carpet. Parking is a reasonable $8 a day, not uncommon in LA no matter where you park. The front desk was friendly and we received a cold bubbly beverage upon arrival.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lsabadell
<Content>Buen hotel para primera vez en L.A. Durante nuestra luna de miel estuvimos 5 noches en el Magic Castle y la verdad es que estuvimos muy a gusto.Decidimos escoger este hotel por las buenas cr铆ticas de esta web y por un precio asumible y realmente no nos defraud贸.La localizaci贸n es ideal para los que viajen por primera vez a L.A.El hotel est谩 justo detr谩s de Hollywood Blvd. y del Chinese Theatre. En 3 minutos est谩s paseando por el Walk of Fame (Paseo de la Fama, con las estrellitas de los famosos).Adem谩s est谩 muy, muy cerca de una salida de la 101 HWY as铆 que cuando coges el coche, vayas donde vayas, tienes f谩cil acceso y no tienes que ir dando vueltas por dentro de la ciudad.Tambi茅n est谩 muy cerca de los Estudios Universal. Nosotros fuimos en coche pero est谩 a una parada de metro, y el metro se coge en Hollywood Blvd.Bueno, resumiendo, de localizaci贸n un 10!!Luego est谩n las instalaciones. Es un hotel tipo apartamentos. Yo no s茅 si hab茅is visto la serie Melrose Place, pues se parece mucho a donde viv铆an los protagonistas.Son apartamentos independientes, a los cuales se accede desde una zona com煤n que es donde est谩 la piscina, que no es muy grande, pero en la que tranquilamente te puedes ba帽ar despu茅s de un d铆a de caminar sin parar.Los apartamentos, el nuestro era de dos habitaciones, est谩n bastante bien. Hay que tener en cuenta que no estamos hablando de un hotel de 5 estrellas con todas esas pijadas... pero yo creo que est谩 muy por encima de las 2 estrellas que pone en la web.Para que os hag谩is una idea: nuestro apartamento ten铆a una sala de estar bastante grande equipada con un televisor grande, equipo de m煤sica, un sof谩 c贸modo y una butaca. Tambi茅n hab铆a un escritorio con su silla y unas l谩mparas que daban una sensaci贸n muy acogedora. Luego, al final de la sala, estaba la cocina, equipada con nevera con congelador, microondas, horno, etc... Tambi茅n hab铆a un cuarto de ba帽o correcto, el esmalte de la ba帽era estaba un poco viejo y hab铆a alg煤n azulejo un poco roto, pero por lo dem谩s estaba limpio y con los jaboncitos y cremitas que te dan en los hoteles.Y luego estaban los dos dormitorios. La verdad es que con un s贸lo ja nos hubiera bastado pero cuando le铆 en esta web que las habitaciones individuales eran muy peque帽as tuve miedo de pasar parte de mi luna de miel en un zulo ;-)Al apartamento le doy un 7 y medio.Luego est谩n las instalaciones propiamente del hotel.Lo peor que encontramos fue que no hay ascensor. Y si no te dan una habitaci贸n del nivel inferior pues te toca subir maletas aunque, en nuestro caso, el personal de recepci贸n nos ayud贸 mucho con nuestras pesadas maletas.Genial si vais en coche ya que disponen de garaje en mismo hotel y el precio est谩 realmente bien, si no recuerdo mal 8 o 9 d贸lares por noche. Al parking se accede con la misma tarjeta de la habitaci贸n y tambi茅n desde la zona de la piscina.Otra cosa que nos fue genial fue la habitaci贸n de la colada. Hay lavadoras y secadoras por 75 centavos el ciclo. Nos vino muy bien para ponernos al d铆a en ropa limpia despu茅s de 2 semanas de viaje y con todav铆a 2 m谩s por delante.As铆 que la valoraci贸n de las instalaciones, un 9.Y por 煤ltimo el personal del hotel. Os tengo que decir que todos los comentarios que hay en la web son ciertos. El personal se desvive por los clientes. Tiene un detalles que te quedas alucinando. A veces hasta por demasiado.Os pongo un par de ejemplos: Cuando hice la reserva coment茅 que 铆bamos en nuestra luna de miel pues bien, al entrar en el apartamento estaba el equipo de m煤sica sonando con unos temas muuyyy rom谩nticos. Yo me fui directamente a la habitaci贸n porque nos hab铆an dicho que hab铆an dejado un detallito, y all铆 hab铆a una botella de vino de vi帽as californianas con sus respectivas copas.Despu茅s, cada anochecer, pasaba una mujer repartiendo bombones y nos informaba de la previsi贸n meteorol贸gica del d铆a siguiente.Adem谩s, m谩s de un d铆a que hicimos la siesta, vinieron por la tarde a volvernos a hacer la cama que, por supuesto, ya hab铆an hecho puntualmente por la ma帽ana.隆Me sab铆a hasta mal tantos detalles!As铆 que de atenci贸n por parte del personal un 11!!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ChoosyPerson
<Content>Disappointed - not as we expected from reviews or Hotel website We use Tripadvisor for all our hotel choices when visiting a new city and as Magic Castle was rated #3 in Los Angeles and the Hotel's own website shows lovely photos of a hotel completely renovated in 2004 we booked with confidence.Apparently the ground floor consists of suites which are renovated, but the other rooms are certainly not renovated and are in fact quite shabby. The cleanliness was well below standard as the room was very dusty in all corners. Very old worn carpets, a functional but run down bathroom, a very noisy dilapidated air conditioning system and hard to control ceiling fan are among the highlights. On the plus side the room was a decent size, the bed was quite comfortable, there is an empty fridge which is useful and a desk, plus a large TV and a DVD player. The wardrobe is a fair size with large mirrors and a safe. On our last day we took the complimentary continental breakfast which was very good and we would have taken every day in hindsight, although there wasn't quite enough informal seating to accomodate all the guests wanting to sit outside. We found the staff to be varied - some were helpful when we asked for advice. However there was a general reluctance to change our traveller's cheques each day which seemed incredible - we were often told they didn't have $100 to change, but then go back and ask someone else and they would. This is a small apartment style hotel, with the feel of a beach hotel without the beach. The very small pool is the focal point around which the three or four floors of rooms are built - with no ramps or elevators! Getting your cases up the stairs is a nightmare! The location of the hotel is it's best feature. Our main reason for visiting was to see a show at the Hollywood Bowl which turned out to be a 10-15 minute walk which saved being stuck in traffic. The Chinese Theatre and other main attractions are 5 minutes walk away. However, there are numerous other hotels situated along the same road which would be worth investigating if you wish to stay in this location.We would almost certainly not return to the Magic Castle hotel and would not recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>MrsPacker
<Content>A magical place.... My husband and I are avid travellers and we loved this place. It is an older hotel (it used to be an apartment building) so no, it isn't perfect but we found it to be clean, comfy, in a great location and offering one of the finest young staffs we have ever dealt with. Full kitchen, nice bedrooms. A lot of bang for your buck.Delish breakfast by the pool gave us the opportunity to meet interesting people. The pool was small but enjoyable. A great opportunity to visit the adjacent Magic Castle and see a great show (dress up!). Within walking of Grauman's and the hubub of Hollywood Blvd, so there are plenty of places to eat, people watch and buy groceries. Staff bent over backwards to be helpful.Caution: some of the rooms are near a busy road, so ask for a quiet room.We go to L.A. every year to visit relatives and we plan to return to the Magic Castle Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Loved Our Stay We needed a quick get-away for a weekend... and spent out time here 4th of July weekend. We originally made our reservations from Orbitz.com, but when our room was not was what we expected, the manager quickly upgraded our room to a suite with no extra charge or fuss.We were greeted with sparkling lemonade and were continually accomodated with cold popscicles through-out the hot day along the pool.They even had people come and give us the forecast for the following day.Everyone at the Magic Castle Hotel was more than accomodating and gave us the most relaxing weekend I have had in a very long time!Thanks again!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ladydi1780
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay!               More photos  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just okay, Jr. suite Stayed at the Magic Castle on July 12th and 13th. We stayed in room 213 which is the third floor with steep steps and no elevator. Large living room TV, with pull out sofa, if this pull out sofa is necessary for sleeping look elsewhere (thin mattress, thick metal bars in the middle of your back, ouch!!) Eat in kitchen clean, balcony looking over pool (very nice). Master bedroom with thick cottan bathrobes, very comfortable bed with TV. Bathroom was a problem peeling plaster walls cold water faucet in shower would not shut off completely. Linolum floors in need of repair. Staff was outstanding can not say enough about them, they are the reason for repeat business. Breakfast was okay, coffee, tea, juices, assorted fresh fruit, cereal, assorted mini muffins, toast, scones.This hotel has the potential of being a three or four star if they truly upgraded all rooms. My room was supposed to be a refurb., but did not show it (one could only imagine what it looked like before). Location was great, two blocks from Kodak theatre, El Capitan theatre.Overall this is an old hotel, in a great location.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like Sleeping In a Sauna We stayed at Magic Castle Hotel - Hollywood from July 6/06 to July 9/06. The hotel is very well located, the staff is friendly and curteous. However the accomodations were too hot to handle. Whenever we came back from our outings with 85degree farenheit weather outside, we were welcomed to a sauna. The reservations were made for 5 adults, one of which had a medical problem(leukemia). We were given a two bedroom suite with a pull out sofa bed in the living room. The problem arose when we discovered that the pull out sofa bed was so old and mouldy that there was no support for the mattress. The staff provided us with a small fold up cot, which we had to place in one of the rooms(taking away privacy). The reason we had to place cot in room is because we also realized early in our stay that if all three air conditioners(one in each room and one in living room) were functioning, the breaker would go off. We advised the hotel of the problem they assured us it would get fixed but it wasn't. By our second night stay, it didn't matter if we had three air conditioners running or only one, the breaker kept going off. When we checked out, the hotel staff advised us that they were aware of the problems in that specific room (106) and to compensate they gave us two nights of free parking. What we don't seem to understand is why would they accomodate us in the only room that had inadequate air conditionning and an old run down sofa bed when we purposely had advised them that one of the guests had a medical problem.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff, Unique Accommodations The staff is wonderful. The hotel is very unique and cozy. We stayed there with a wedding party and the layout of the hotel made it so easy to mix and mingle with family we haven't seen in years. The rooms are spacious and not stuffy like most hotels.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lissete
<Content>Nice Stay, Friendly Staff We reserved a 1 Bedroom suite which was very ample  comfortable. We are a family of 4, 2 adults  2 teens. It was nice to just go to another room to get away from them. The breakfast is basic but nice, it was enough for us to get a start to our day. The room has TONS of storage, which was great for us since we were packed for 16 days. The bed in the bedroom was kind of hard for me. I have a SAM adjustable bed at home so what may be hard for me may not be for others. We did ask for a roll awa which never showed but the girls decided that they could both sleep on the pul out ok so we didn't persue it.They have a laundry room which I did use, only $.75 per machine  they supply the detergent. They also offer free WiFi which was really slow through out our stay, sometimes we could not connect at all. I guess this is hit or miss.This is an older apt. building so it does have it's quirks. These little things did not get in the way of us having a nice stay. The staff is super friendly  eager to please.The only thing we regretted was asking for a top floor suite! From the garage to our room we climbed about 40 steps! My husband practically had a heart attack bringing up our bags. A staff member did help with our bags and we almost killed him as well, we had HEAVY bags! I will consider the Magic Castle Hotel if we ever return to Hollywood but we will definitely not request the top floor.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>misinformed We telephoned from the East Coast, but were not informed (a) that the Magic Castle Club has a dress code or (b) no children are allowed. So, our stay was very disappointing for our two teenageers. For one of them, the Magic Castle was to be the birthday surprise. The hotel should inform potential guests.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Underwelmed! I was very disappointed at the physical appearance of the hotel. I had a very different interpretation from the website. My 1 bedroom suite was spacious but it was not elegant at all. More like an old dated apartment. The linens were really comfortable and the staff was very nice but the hotel itself was not.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CatCalico
<Content>An Enjoyable Visit We stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel on June 2nd and June 3rd. There were five of us traveling (3 adults and 2 kids ages 9 and 11) and we stayed in a one bedroom suite. Upon check-in we were greeted by the staff at the front door. The person at the desk was very pleasant and helpful and made us feel like we were valued guests. After we checked in we were moving our luggage from the car to our room. When a staff member saw us moving our luggage, he immediately offered to assist us. Our room was spacious and comfortable. We requested a roll-away bed when we made our reservations and it was in the room when we checked in. The weather was quite hot during our stay and the room was pleasantly cool. There was an air conditioner in the living room and bedroom. The kids wanted to use the pool immediately and it was quite refreshing. The breakfast provided in the lobby area was really good with a variety of fruit and freshly baked goodies. The coffee was very tasty as well. The location was great - walking distance to the Chinese Theater and Walk of Fame. We were able to go to the Sunday Brunch at the Magic Castle which was really nice. Our stay was enjoyable. The staff at this Hotel really knows how to provide an exceptional cutomer experience. The entire staff from the manager at the front desk to the housekeeping staff work in conjuction to make the guest feel special. We all had a great time - it was a nice break from the average chain hotel.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HappyTraveler42
<Content>A Crappy Bathroom Can Spoil A Stay Stayed at the Magic Castle June 23 - 26, 2006 in room 113. This hotel is a real mixed bag. Great location in the heart of Hollywood. But a bathroom that is in desperate need of renovation. Helpful, friendly staff that is really attempting to keep an older facility going. But an incredibly uncomfortable and droopy sofa bed that was cruel and unusual punishment for our teenage sons. Unexpected extras like free DVD loans and juice in a champagne glass on check in, but they couldn't find a remote for our TV.But our big complaint was the bathroom and not the fact that the bathtub was so old that the porcelain was worn off. Our issue was the toilet. There was a large plunger strategically placed next to the toilet that I had to use at least four times during our stay. We complained and the maintenance team came the next day. When we returned that evening, the toilet wouldn't flush at all - they had broken the chain and left. Another call and the team returned and within the hour, we could flush. Sort of. The saga continued but I won't dwell on the details other than to say that one time we lost the battle resulting in an unpleasant overflow.The staff took $50 off our bill but that's not enough for us to take the plunge again at the Magic Castle.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FHWNPW
<Content>Great staff but room was a little musty My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in June. The staff were very friendly and helpful but the room was lttle a musty. We opted for a one bed suite and the room was a great size, this was a refurbished room however due to the choice of colour of the carpet the room didn't look newly refurbished . On our last night the people upstairs had the TV on all night which kept us awake so wasn't a very pleasant ending to our stay. All in all we had a great stay, especially as this is only a 2 star hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kryptonicat
<Content>Not at all what I expected       the old carpet in both rooms we had were quite worn  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>flyingfinn76
<Content>Nice location Pool was nice, breakfast was excellent and room was fine too. Nice and helpful staff, enough parking space, free DVD's. No problems!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>roadstar445
<Content>Comfortable, clean  On June 11,12,13  14 three of us stayed in room 211. Big bedroom, full kitchen, couch/bed, deck with tables and chairs, which overlooked the pool. Free Internet worked all the time and was fast. Mary Jane greeted us and could not have been nicer. She even gave our daughter a cake celebrating her college graduation! Lots of activity in the heart of Hollywood and just 1 block away at Kodak Theater  Graumen's allowed us an easy walk to get free movie tickets (premier showing of Fast  Furious Tokyo Drift) experience a TV show (Jimmy Kimmel Live-free also) and see a movie opening (Jack Black interviewed by Entertainment Tonight for the movie Nacho Libre). This is no Hilton but comfortable and clean. Free local newspaper delivered to our door and free breafact. Many stairs and no elevator may be tough for some but staff will get your bags to your room. Indoor parking keeps your car cool on those hot CA days. Staff is very helpful and finds creative ways to correct issues. When the stove didn't work Mary Jane didn't just cook our pizza but also gave us free bottle of wine 鈥?stove was fixed the next day. Mary Jane, Marc and Darren answered our every question while the rest of the staff was also friendly and did their jobs well. Met 3 recent medical graduates from the UK at the pool who said the same accommodations in their country would have cost 3x as much. I also felt that we too received our moneys worth.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hospitality Nine Women....Yes 9 women went to Hollywood. Before we left I read many reviews on the Magic Castle Hotel and it always had positive responses. The hotel was located in a great location if you wanted to walk to Hollywood Blvd (stars on the sidewalk), the Kodak Theater and the Chinese Theater. The hotel staff was on the ball and every hotel should be trained by them. If they did not have something you needed they were going to do their best to accomodate you. I have never been treated so nice. The hotel is a little on the older side but the rooms were really spacious and very clean. The daily weather card was a nice touch too. The continental breakfast was tasty and brought in every morning from their local bakery. I really recommend the Magic Castle and if I were to go to HOLLYWOOD again, I would stay their in a skinny minute. GREAT job hotel staff!!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent stay We stayed at the Magic Castle from June7-10th. We had a non-renovated room. It was older (with iron marks on carpet), but not bad at all, in fact it was quite roomy and very clean. We had a one bedroom suite so we had plenty of room to spread out. The hotel is very close to Hollywood Boulevard and all its' crazy attractions. Two not so great things...the pool feels like they put ice cubes in it at night. And the maids never serviced our room even though I kept putting out the please appear sign each morning. I had to go get myself new bath towels every day. Also, a little minor comment, someone might want to mention that they CHARGE for their parking ($8/day). Did I miss that on the website? Maybe that is the norm for LA. All in all we had a good time here (my son  husband enjoyed watching their own tv shows on the two tv's and I enjoyed them not arguing over who is hogging the remote) :) The staff is great  quite helpful.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelingTxn
<Content>More Motel than Hotel A co-worker and I stayed at the Magic Castle hotel on business last month. Not quite the boutique hotel I was expecting. Felt much more like a budget travel motel with the window unit air conditioners and iron burns on the carpet. Wireless internet did not work well at all. If you're trying to locate a cheap room near the Walk of Fame - ok. If you're needing a business class hotel because all others in the area are full - keep looking.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ilovechristmom
<Content>Very Charming My family of 6 stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and it was extremely nice for the money. We were greeted by Gretchin who always was perfect to help us with any driving directions or suggestions throughout our stay. We were also given sparkling fruit juice upon check in which was very tasty. Our room was 106 and had new carpet and was spotless. It was also very large which was needed for our 4 teenagers. 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms were fantastic. It was my daughter's graduation trip and they actually had a gift for her ready in the room! Very nice! I would have given a perfect score but the air conditoner and electricity in the room had problems but they did make sure for the second night we had nice new fans blowing in our rooms, which they had to go and purchase and assemble. They also mailed a postcard waiting for us when we arrived home thanking us for our stay. More than expected is what this hotel does. I would definately recommend this hotel for it's location, size of suites, customer service and cleanliness. Great Great Hotel!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Michigander94
<Content>Great "hidden" hotel blocks from Walk of Fame I stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel in April, 2006 with my family (including 2 young children). I was inexplicably concerned before arriving that it may have been a mistake. I was met with a glass of chilled sparkling juice by a friendly and helpful reception agent and knew I had no reason to worry. The room was basic and somewhat outdated, but having kitchen facilities was great. Pool was supposed to be heated but was fridgid. The price was good and location great! We could walk to the Chinese Theater. It also had a sort of quirky charm. I would recommend it highly to those looking for non-chic, comfortable accomodations in downtown Hollywood.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raven11
<Content>Nice stay       meet tom cruise  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MWVCAA
<Content>Mother's Day Treat What a sweet little hotel! My daughter and I arrived from out of state for a Mother's Day weekend retreat. She had the fold-out couch and I got the bedroom. The mattress was excellent and the duvet and down pillows were superb. As all the reviews mentioned, the staff were all super friendly and bent over backwards to help you. Maps and tips on fun things to do were readily given. They even bought me a six-pack of Diet Dr. Pepper, as they had none stocked, and put it in the frig while we were out!The pool, heated, is open 24 hours, so we took advantage of that. We never took a taxi - the subway is two blocks away, as is shopping, dining, and people-watching. Try Mel's Diner - very good. And go to Universal Studios during the week. We went on Monday - no lines at all. But remember, it closes at 6 pm! The hotel seems quite safe and it was quiet. Rooms were being renovated with new carpet as we left. Our room could use some new carpet as well, but it was very clean and did not have an odor. The CD and DVD players were a plus! Thanks to Ashley, Mary Anne, and Nick - these were the only names I caught, but as I said, everyone was very helpful and nice.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JonKMontreal_Canada
<Content>Very Good Choice for LA Stayed with a TV crew at the Magic Castle, and although I suffered many jokes about wanting to stay at a hotel with such an odd name it turned out to be a great spot. LA is tough for hotels - so much of the city is not a city, at least by non-LA standards - it's hard to find a place where you can actually walk to a store or restaurant. The Magic Castle - which seems off of a set for a TV show or film - is well located, friendly (in the best sense of the word) and comfortable. If you get a suite it's really a one bedroom apartment - some of the small rooms, however, can be quite small. Rates vary according to season - but most of the year it's quite affordable. There is no elevator - which would have been a problem except that the staff lent a hand and even with a lot of metal boxes we were okay.Jon - Montreal, Quebec  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bridge65
<Content>Stay here - its great We stayed here for 14 days in April 06. Had a one bedroom suite which had a very comfortable sofa bed in the loungeroom for our daughter. The location is excellent being very close to Hollywood Bvde. There is also a store there to buy your groceries/provisions etc. The staff are excellent - nothing too much trouble, and the housekeeping was very thorough. DON'T stay in a hotel, boxed into a confining air conditioned room - stay here and enjoy the balcony, fresh air, kitchen and comfortable furniture. The beds are excellent and the pillows a dream. There is a laundry with cheap washing/drying facilities - a necessity for a longer stay. Internet too. A light breakfast is also served. The train to get you to Universal Studios is very close. Walk up to the Japanese restaurant just behind the hotel for a terrific view. If you go to the Magic Show at the Castle, gentlemen need a tie and jacket. We went to some very nice restaurants only a $10-$15 US ride away. The taxi from LAX is about $45-$50 US. So we highly recommend this as very good value for money for those people who want a bit of room around them, above average service and good location in Hollywood area. Thank you to ALL the staff for making our stay so enjoyable and comfortable. The Andersons, NSW, Australia.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>5oclocksomewhere
<Content>Good Location and fine for the money I stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel for five nights and returned home 4/27/06. I was therefor a nearby conference. I arrived a bit early, exhausted from flying cross country. Thestaff were very nice, brought me a cool glass of lemonade and found a different suite forme that had already been cleaned. My one bedroom suite was just as I'd read about informer reviews. It was gigantic for one person. The walls, rugs, furn, could use some TLC, however the place was immaculate and housekeeping prompt and efficient. My king sizedsleigh bed and down duvet was the best part at the end of a long business day. Frontdesk staff was always cheerful and helpful anytime I called with questions. The hotelis on a decent street as opposed to several nearby and an easy walk to The KodakTheatre, Graumanns, etc. if that's why you're in Hollywood. There is also a new METROstation very close by which was clean, easy to navigate and only a 5 minute ride toUniversal Studios. It's not a high-end hotel; however, all the above mentioned things madeup for the lack of posh. I would drefinitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MercerIslandMom
<Content>Great Hotel Staff - Avoid Suite 222 At All Costs This review would have 2 stars if not for the staff. I researched Hollywood hotels for quite a while, and loved Magic Castle's spacious 2 bedroom site with the hip, new furniture displayed on the Magic Castle's website. Our family arrived and was ushered to Suite 222, the one room outside the hotel which was a (recently?) converted studio. It was dingy, had only 1 of the 2 promised bathrooms, offered closets so musty that I immediately re-closed the doors, and a shower the size of a coffin. But the real horrible twist was the paper-thin walls and the loud noise from the street. I immediately requested a room change but none was available and the newbie clerk said just close the windows. With all windows closed, this heavy sleeper was awoken multiple times and finally crawled into bed with her children in an inner room where noise was still heard.I went to the clerk the next morning almost in tears: for $250 a night, I expected more, at least a decent night of sleep. She ended up refunding the night's charge, assigning us to a new room (switching us with new unfortunate guests), and treated us to a box of treats. Very pleasant. The new room was all that I had expected: light, roomy, and hip. No street noise since we were in a courtyard off the street. It was recently renovated but already wear was showing through, but still, after that nightmare Suite 222, it was heaven.Great staff. Ready, helpful, and pleasant.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>V-Bareford
<Content>The Magic Castle is Magic!! We loved this little hotel! From the first experience with the front desk to the last good-bye as we drove out of the secured parking lot, this was just the most pleasant experience. The French lemonade that was served as we checked in was a delightful way to begin our stay, and it only got better after that. Any problems were addressed immediately and with a smile. Directions were very good and a map was printed off when needed. It is not the fanciest or the largest, but it is just a wonderful, fun and clean place to stay while in Hollywood. In fact, you would never know you were only two blocks from one of the busiest streets in LA, it was so quiet and peaceful. We will definitely be returning to the Magic Castle!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stumc1
<Content>Great Hotel The Magic Castle is a great little hotel, just a few minures walk from Hollywood Boulevard and Manns Chinese Theatre, yet in a quiet quite location. Its also close to the subway and Universal Studios, and has its own secure car parking garage.The staff were really friendly and the breakfast which you could eat by the pool was ok. The bedroom was large and the beds were VERY comfortable. All in all it was a great base for exploring Hollywood and the rest of L.A.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>VarshaLondon
<Content>Great little hotel in excellent location We stopped in LA returning from Hawaii and stayed at the Magic Castle for 2 nites. A very small hotel with good size rooms, we stayed in a single bedroom apartment. The staff were very very friendly. Quite hotel..needed refurbishment but given the excellent location was reasonable value for money !. Kodak theater and lots of shopping just walking distance. Parking available as was wireless Internet access at no charge.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tru205
<Content>Spacious Apartment Like Hotel in Hollywood We have just returned from a three week trip to the US where our final port of call was L.A. We drove into LA (having hired a car in Anaheim), saw the Hollywood sign up on the hill and exited the 101 freeway to cruise along a dirty and dumpy street that is Sunset Boulevard. Despite the imagery its name conjures up, Hollywood in reality holds minimal glitz or glamour and as we neared the hotel, we started to worry that our hotel may be similar to the surroundings.But no! We were pleasantly surprised as we rounded the corner to the Magic Castle Hotel and were suitably impressed - it was a fabulous place to stay. For the great price it offered location, space and amenities with only a couple of shortcomings.The hotel appears to be an old apartment block remodelled into a hotel. The rooms all surround a pool (very Melrose Place like) and are very spacious. Our room had a full kitchen with microwave, stove, fridge and dining table. There was a fold out sofa bed in the second room for our son. (Great for kids but not really for adults as it was not all that comfortable.) There was a television in both rooms (though the one in the master bedroom would only show one channel), a dvd player (you could borrow dvds from reception at no charge) and the bathroom had a bath and shower but was a little tired. The room itself was not young, but was spotless and there were some very nice little touches including chocolates on pillows, a card with the expected weather for the next day and a complimentary continental breakfast. The bed in the master bedroom was incredibly comfortable! The staff were very friendly and helpful, the security was good and undercover, secure parking was available for $8 a day. The hotel was located a block away from the Chinese Theatre and the stars in the sidewalk of Hollywood Boulevard - but LA is somewhere you really need a car so depending on what you are interested in this would determine whether you thought it was a good location.Overall, a great hotel for the price. A fabulous option for travellers with kids as you can cook for yourself and have the space and a pool to amuse the children. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>spacious and relaxing - little gem in LA It's not the Four Seasons, but it's not Four Seasons price. Incredible value for your money...the suite is literally a one bedroom apartment with full kitchen, dining room, living room with DVD player, and 2 tvs. Separate bedroom. Ashley and Marcelle from front desk are amazing and helpful and so are everyone else whom I came in contact with. The whole hotel is like Melrose Place and although the carpet is a little worn, the bed was so comfortable with down pillows and down duvet. It was the most relaxing stay, simple pleasure....I would definitely come back. The Magic Club brunch/show was okay....lots of kids so depends on what you are looking for...activities for the kids, great! a relaxing morning brunch....no....my 12 year old daughter loves it. I definitely can skip this as food is mediocre and show is mediocre. I love the hotel though.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BJB1945
<Content>Wonderful staff and Delightful Place to Stay       Sitting Room with Sofa Bed  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a wonderful stay at the Magic Castle We just returned from April spring break in Hollywood with our two teenagers, and we loved our four nights at the Magic Castle Hotel. First and foremost is the service at the hotel. It is rated as a two star place, but that doesn't do justice to the very customer-focused attitude of all the staff. They helped us whenever we needed it, and they treated us with a sincere friendliness that you don't learn in customer service class. It seems that the owners or managers have done a great job of hiring the right people. They all seemed genuinely concerned about our happiness at the hotel, and they went out of their way to help us whenever necessary. Again, this wasn't the false smile, patronizing attitude pretense that seems to pass for customer service; this was a bunch of nice people trying to make sure we had a good time at their place.One example: Our key card was not working for us to enter their garage, so one of the staff members came out of the hotel to help. (Yes, apparently they were monitoring the garage entrance and noticed our problem.) When I pointed out the problem, the gentleman used his card to open the garage for us, then said that he would run inside, re-program my key card, and meet me in the garage to give me my card. (Yes, he came down to meet me.) This is just one example of how they went out of their way to take care of us.We also enjoyed the other aspects of the hotel: the location is great (close proximity to all of the Hollywood attractions), our 1-bedroom suite was spacious and decorated with personality (not a generic hotel look), and the heated pool, although on the small side, gave us a peaceful retreat from sightseeing (my kids loved the pool).We had a great time at the hotel and would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tony_No
<Content>Great value for families at the price It all depends what you expect. If you are expecting a 4 * hotel you may be disappointed. If, like us, you are looking for pleasant spacious accomodation for a family of 4 you'll be very pleased. I thought it was great value for money. We stayed for 4 nights in an enormous 1 bed suite with 2 small children (5 and 7) sleeping on the lounge sofabed. The suite appeared to be a converted apartment and was very large and airy and nicely decorated in a light, modern style with new furniture and carpets (laid 2 days previously I was told). It was spotlessly clean. Our suite included a fully equipped kitchen . The kitchen appliances and wall cupboards, while freshly painted, are quite old, probably dating back to when the place was an apartment... The refurb budget clearly didn't stretch to ripping out all the old fixtures. An upside of having the old wall cupboards dotted around the suite was huge amounts of storage for luggage. The bedroom and bathroom were fine.The continental breakfast was very good and the service excellent. I don't think I've ever had a better welcome from any hotel than the one that we got when we checked in. All of the staff (Front desk, security, cleaning) are very helpful and take pride in the place.Pool was also fine and parking is available on the property for $5 per day. The location is very convenient for some of the tourist sites and there are plenty of places to eat within 10 minutes walk. We could hear traffic noise from our bedroom at night but it didn't stop us sleeping. I'd definitely recommend this place for families. In value for money terms it comes out as excellent, hence the rating here, even if in absolute terms it is not the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Very Spacious accommodation We recently stayed at the Magic Castle hotel with our two teenagers and had a 2 bedroom suite. The suite was apartment style newly remodelled, with large king bedrooms, bathroom, large lounge and full kitchen. Beds were very comfortable and bedding was good quality. The remodelling has definitely been done on a tight budget. New kitchen and beds but old carpet and living room furniture. Bathroom had new toilet and vanity but old bath with repainted rather than replaced tiling. Great to have a kitchen but only cooking utensil provided was a milk pan so couldnt really prepare a meal so still ate out every night.Reception staff were very helpful and friendly. Even though the weather was cool and wet for April our boys used the heated pool every evening. Breakfast was OK but you have to eat outside or in your room. It was very wet during our stay and we had to carry trays of food through the rain and up many steps to our room.If travelling with the family we would definitely stay here again for its good value, spacious and clean accommodation and its great location, but if we were without the kids we'd probably look for somewhere a little more upscale.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay...not great We recently spent 5 days at the Magic Castle, encouraged by the reviews here. Overall, it was an okay experience, but not great.The plusses: The rooms are quite large. Our one bedroom suite was clean and the full kitchen was nice to have. I cannot compliment the housekeeping staff enough. Also Ashley at the front dest was very helpful and pleasant. Location is good-- it is within walking distance to the Hollywood and Highland entertainment complex and most of the other Hollywood attractions. It is also one stop down from Universal Studios on the Metro. The adequate: There is a continental breakfast. If you love carbs, this is the place for you! There were only pastries, cereal, and juice available. The not so great: The hotel, being on a busy street can be noisy. The quieter rooms were off street, but up lots of stairs. If you have bad knees, or are not in good shape you WILL be exhausted! In short either you deal with the noise or you get put in a room far away with no elevator in sight.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>arlenejoe
<Content>Many amenities and great value This is a fine location in Hollywood - 1 block from Grauman's Chinese Theater and the whole tourist scene on that same block. Good eating, lots of movie theaters, shopping, fun stuff happening all along the sidewalk, stars and handprints of celebrities. Yet, the hotel itself feels residential. In fact, the hotel was an apartment complex before, so the feel is very homey around the swimming pool. Service is the best - friendly, quick to fix the shower door, very responsive. They certainly aim to please. Yamashiro's, the famous upscale restaurant in the gorgeously historic building overlooking the city, is part of the business, so they booked our dinner reservation and drove us up to the restaurant. Best part is that the hotel stay allows us entry into the Members Only Magic Castle. We had Sunday brunch there with our kids and saw 3 shows. Very fun afternoon that lasts 3 hours.The price is a real bargain for what you get. Don't expect a physically sparkling site - it's an older building that's been remodeled nicely but not extravagently. The only downside is the noise. Pretty noisy, especially with the cheerleading team that was in town for a competition. We probably wouldn't stay there again because we wouldn't need to be in that location and see the magic shows or dine at Yamashiro's again, but for a one-time treat, I'd highly recommend it!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BLGAW
<Content>Nice Hotel We were a group of 5 (parents, 2 teens and a grandmother) that stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel March 11-14. The hotel is located at the bottom of a hill, next door to the Magic Castle Club. My mother and I would walk up the hill to the Japanese restaurant (Yamashiro's) at the top to enjoy the view each morning. The location is very good for just walking to the Kodak Theater or Graumanns Chinese Theater. Since we had a car, it was also centrally located to everything else.Our one bedroom unit was always clean. The furnishings were kind of art deco simple. We also had a small kitchen with stove and refrigerator.The staff was awesome!! They could answer any question about Los Angeles and always did it with a smile and additional information that I would not have thought to ask. (I am wondering if they have to take some kind of knowledge test before they are hired?) They were always very accomodating and quick to bring extra towels or blankets when we asked. Since the weather was chillier than we had expected, we did not use the pool. But our daughters are hoping to come back during the summer. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>speerlaw
<Content>Great Place . . . Lots of Steps The Magic Castle hotel was fantastic! As an amateur magician, I had heard that the hotel was not the best place to stay at, but I disagree with that now. The hotel is a renovated apartment complex that was built in the late 50's. It has been completely renovated and is very comfortable and clean. The staff was great and the service was 110%! The only drawback was that there a lot of stairs leading up to your room, so if you can't handle stairs, make sure you have a room on the lower level. GREAT STAY!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3 Perfect Days We went off of Trip Advisor reviews and from a world traveler, I can tell you that sometimes the reviews do not match the experience. In this case, they did. From Sean to Gretchen and Mary Jane, the front desk staff treats you like family. They set the perfect stage for your stay, no matter your request - be it for a baby's crib or just general help. We loved the room, in fact, I wonder how this can be classified as 2 stars? To me, it was a 4 star experience, both the room itself and the staff. The shower in our bathroom has a little wallpaper problem - but it is easy to overlook when so many things about the stay were perfect. When I return to LA on business, or with my family, we will stay at the MC.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best hotel! By far one of the best Hotel's I've ever stayed in, beats anything NYC could provide in Customer service. Rooms were Huge! CLEAN!, with a very modern decor, more of a Hip apt feel then a Hotel. every small detail went un noticed, from the Hershey kiss and weather report card delivered to you at night, to the friendly and well informed staff.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PinkLadyOne
<Content>Excellent service. We stayed for 5 days during Christmas vacation, 2005. There were 6 of us; 2 seniors, 2 adults and 2 children, and we all thoroughly enjoyed our stay there. While the building is older, worn, and was never fancy to begin with; the rooms are big, comfortable, and in a perfect location. The service we received from the entire staff was very friendly and the best customer service any of us had ever experienced. I told the staff that I would post a positive review here and on cruise critic as a way of saying thank you.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nls1330
<Content>Not as "magical" as we hoped! We spent two February nights at The Magic Castle based on Trip Advisor reviews. Because of the high rating we expected above average accomodations, but were disappointed. Our street facing room was noisy and we had to run the AC fan at night to block out the traffic. Our biggest concern, however, was the bathroom. The linoleum tile had two cigarette burns, the sink was sluggish and the aluminum doors on the tub enclosure were encrusted with years of gunk and mildew. The bathroom was in dire need of renovation and should not have been offered to guests. On the positive side the suite was large, staff was friendly and the location was good for touring the Hollywood area. All in all it was OK but not a No. 1 rating in our book!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>psc7811
<Content>Terrific Little Hotel I stayed with my family for 4 nights Feb 19-23 based on previous reviews in one of the renovated one bedroom suites. It would be redundant to detail all of the plusses (location, staff, room, breakfast) to this fine hotel since I agree with all of those mentioned by recent reviewers! I wouldn't hesitate one second to stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mkata
<Content>A Hollywood treasure We enjoyed a brief but delightful stay at the Magic Castle Hotel, where the staff is exceptionally helpful and friendly, the rooms are clean and comfortable and the homey atmosphere is a welcome antidote to the surrounding Hollywood glitz. As hotel guests, we had access to the neighboring private Magic Castle club, where we were treated to a terrific dinner and an evening of top-notch entertainment. This was our first visit to the hotel and we can't wait to come back.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More than Magic This is the best place to stay in the whole of LA. We rented a one bedroom apartment for 10 days in Jan/Feb and had the most wonderful time. The apartments are like little homes - very clean, comfortable and spacious - and the location of the hotel itself is very central. The staff were really friendly and unbelievably helpful (thanks especially to Ashley, Mike, Gretchen, Nick and Jason), navigating LA and the surrounds was easy due to their great advice and even better directions. And now we want a heated pool just like the one at the Magic Castle so we too can swim every day in the middle of winter! Don't look anywhere else for a hotel - just book this one if you can get a room.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service, good hotel for families with young children My husband, 2-year old son and I went to LA last weekend to visit my sister-in-law, and we stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel overnight, based on the recommendations I had read on this site. I was very pleased to find we agreed with the very positive comments. Our room was spacious, tidy, and well-equipped (e.g., kitchen has eat-in area with table/chairs for 4 and comes with dishes, glasses, dishwashing soap; plenty of towels; 2 plush bathrobes), and with the pull-out couch in the living room, we were able to let our son go to sleep early in the bedroom while my husband and I stayed up watching television and relaxing in the living room. The staff was warm, helpful, and accomodating. When we called to ask for recommendations on take-out/delivery in the area, they brought menus to our room. We later called to inquire about drink vending machines, and sodas were brought to our door. The following morning, we found the continental breakfast options to be ample, and of much better quality than you find at many chain hotels. The only glitch we encountered was a lapse in hot water, which we were told was a problem the hotel was having, and that was remedied within a few hours. I should also note that travelers keep in mind that this is a 2-star hotel--there won't be a *wow* factor upon entering the hotel, and there are certain signs of use (e.g., bleach stain on the sofa, chipped pain on the molding) that you wouldn't encounter at, say, a Ritz Carlton. But bearing that in mind, I felt the hotel was a very good value and the excellent customer service can't be beaten--we would certainly stay there again the next time we are in town.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Home in LA Ever since my family found this hotel, we never look back and find another place to stay while in LA. We have been staying at this hotel (mostly 1 week ++ per stay) every holiday season since 2001. It feels like home.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>newmansgang
<Content>Hospitality, Hospitality, Hospitality I booked six rooms for myself and colleagues for a stay in Hollywood to attend a teacher's conference. I did this after consulting Tripadvisor, and I'd have to say that our experience was even better than the reviews. Darren, the Hotel Manager did his best to make us happy from booking through check-out. In fact, I left my luggage at the hotel and did not realize that it remained behind at the hotel. We were already at the airport, and it was too late to return to the hotel. After a call, Darren saved the day by delivering the bag to the airport himself-on his day off! The rooms were spacious, clean, and the bed was firm and like sleeping in my own. All of the desk personnel were friendly, concerned and consistently helpful(including shawn, ashley, gretchen, jason and stan). These people are so good at what they do that they should open a hospitality management school. The breakfast was very, very good -scones, croissants, wolfgang puck coffee, cereals and fresh fruit. We have traveled quite a bit (around the world), and I must say that this establishment is one of the best values out there. So, if you're planning a stay in Hollywood, strongly consider the Magic Castle!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moroccan
<Content>Excellent, Excellent, Excellent My family stayed at the Magic Castle from 13 Jan to 17 Jan in a 2 bedroom suite overlooking the pool. The set out reminds you of Melrose Place with apartments overlooking the pool area. The 2 bed suite is very spacious with the most comfortable king size beds ever (on our 6 week trip). Our two children (9 and 6) loved the heated pool. Having a guest laundry (at reasonable cost) was a bonus especially when travelling for long periods. Okay this may not be five star in appearance but the cleanliness and staff outweigh any appearance factors. All staff (I mean all) were exceptional. They are extremely friendly and wealthly in knowledge of the Hollywood area for tourist facilities and restaurants. They cannot do enough for you. The complimentary breakfast was excellent as well. My family is use to cereal for breakfast and finally found a Hotel that supplied this. (We found American food a little hard to get use to.) I will absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone. Our only disappointment was not going to the Magic Castle (no suit/tie packed) but having 3 TV's to cover everyones night time viewing needs helped us through. Do yourself a favour and visit this hotel. I certainly will be on a revisit to Los Angeles someday. Thank you Magic Castle Hotel you did not let us down. More information you can email us. The Graham Family.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>clr0524
<Content>Home Away From Home My husband and I stayed here for 6 nights during Thanksgiving week. The rooms are HUGE. (I think they were apartments previously ). Full kitchen, 2 TVS, DVD player. The bed was super comfotable - the best of any hotel I have ever stayed in. Plenty of storage space, lots or room for a family. Delicious continental breakfast (try the scones). The staff was very friendly and welcoming. This was our third stay in the Hollywood area - we would not stay anywhere else again. We found it to be very quiet at night.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hollybear
<Content>Sensational service My family spent 3 nights in a Magic Castle self-contained suite in October 2005. From the moment we got there the staff were incredibly friendly, helpful, intelligent and funny, and this made our stay there an absolute delight. I chose this place for the price and because of the comments made on this website by other travellers who were so impressed with the service. The 2-bedroom suite more than met our needs (including 3 TV's, which set the kids in raptures!). The suites look out over the pool - most of the suites have balconies as well - and it was just a lovely cosy atmosphere. While we were loafing around the pool we were offered towels, free bottled water and even icy-poles! Breakfast is included in the price and consists of a good selection of cereals and juices, together with great coffee and fresh cakes and pastries. You can eat by the pool or take it back to your room while you read the complementary paper. As well as being terrific value for money, the location is excellent; one block from Hollywood Boulevard and one metro stop from Universal Studios. All the hotel staff were friendly and helpful, always. I have never stayed in a hotel where everybody was so good-humoured. On our last day we left our bags at reception before flying out later that day, and I was wondering what to do with a pair of Mickey Mouse ears that would probably get scrunched in transit. When we came back to collect our bags, Gretchen (front desk) had packed them in a separate box, with 2 polaroid photos of her and the office manager Mike modelling the ears. How cool is that!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindaabc
<Content>Magic Castle Hotel Very nice place to stay. Good location. Staff is very helpful and know all about the area.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't stay anywhere else My sisters and I stayed at the Magic Castle for our Hollywood getaway weekend after reading the reviews for it on the internet. We loved it and will not stay anywhere else if we ever get back to Hollywood. Mike Filson really knows how to pick his staff, as every person who worked there was friendly, helpful, and willing to do whatever it took to make our stay pleasurable. They took the time to counsel us on where to go, how to get there, and even helped us get the transportation we needed.  The rooms were spacious, and although the bathrooms were a little older, we never found that to be a problem. For those who like to cook, there is a kitchen in every room.  The hotel is within walking distance of Hollywood Boulevard and all the attractions there. We took taxis wherever we went, and rented a car for one day.  I highly recommend this hotel, if for nothing else, the excellent service always with a smile.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Exceptional Staff       Just a night time picture  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! 5 Star Service! I have to admit, I was a bit weary when booking my room at the Magic Castle Hotel. I have read the reviews and made my decision based on them. I have checked out other hotels reviews, and decided that I liked the Magic Castle Hotel. I was glad I stayed there! From the first minute I checked in, I was treated like royalty. The manager was there to open the door for me, the lovely girl at the front desk offered me a complimentary bottled water at check in, and then they whisked me away to my room. On the way to the room, they told me about the hotel, informed me that the pool was open 24 hours. I have never heard of a hotel that has a 24 hour pool. I sure did enjoy those late night swims! The next morning I woke up and went to the lobby area to enjoy a wonderful continental breakfast. This is not your typical hotel breakfast. They served Wolfgang Puck coffee, fresh fruit, juices and cereal. You must try the scones and the criossants! Excellent! They even came to my table to refill my coffee! Later that day I approached the front desk on advice on what to do. They have tons of information on area attractions. Did I mention that they are one block from the world famous Chinese Theater and the new Kodak Theater? I was given information on local places to eat, museums and great tourist maps! So I went on a great walking tour of the city. It was nice! After a long day of walking and sightseeing, I came back to the hotel to find my bed turned down with a small chocolate kiss on my pillow. Of course, I went for my late night swim and called it a night! I often travel to LA for business and was happy to see that the hotel offers free high speed wireless. Its great to be able to work from my room or sit around the pool area. It was pretty warm when I visited, so I was offered popsicles! I thought this was playful and friendly! Every single staff member I came in contact with was ever so friendly. Always smiling and willing to help! They even remembered my name!! The room I got was spacious and lovely. Apparantly it wasn't one of the newly remodeled rooms, but I still loved it. New furnishings and a great bed! My room had a balcony that overlooked the pool. I suggest you make that request when you are making your reservations! I can go on and on about this wonderful hotel! I have read some of the negative comments from other guests, but I didn't see any of that happening. Yes the hotel is on a busy street, but the noise isn't that bad. I did hear the people next to me, but it wasn't a major deal to me. I can't wait to go back! I feel like family there! Keep up the good work! A big thanks to Ashley and Mike who gave me great directions and information on things to do. To all of you reading this post, book your room here! You won't be dissatisfied!!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scooby007
<Content>Make sure you get a good room! The mixed reviews on this hotel are confusing but completely understandable if you have actually stayed at the Magic Castle. I think part of this might depend on which room you stay in, having booked this hotel some time ago I was surprised to read today that some of the rooms have been refurbished and redecorated as ours wasn't. A new kitchen and bathroom probably would have increased my impressions considerably, unfortunately knowing this was one of our 'budget' choices we didn't think to request another room The breakfast is different and very good, unless you are like my husband who insists on meat at every meal! We had a one-bedroom suite and this was very large and well-equipped although I wouldn't have enjoyed cooking as the kitchen was just too old. It is also as everyone has said very noisy.I have to say this as well, although I have tried not to judge the hotel as its location is good for Universal and the Chinese Theater. However I would not recommend Hollywood for LA virgins its just not a nice area, and as this hotel seems to be recommended for families I can only presume that they would be driving everywhere during their stay. We were recommended to stay closer to the beaches and if we go to LA again this is what we will do.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cartman88
<Content>What a nice place to stay .... We stayed at the Magic Castle for 3 nights in Oct 2005 鈥?we only chose this hotel because of the continual positive reviews we had read and we were not disappointed. From the moment we checked in we were made to feel welcome 鈥?helped us with our bags before we got in the door - offered us each a complimentary bottle of water 鈥?gave us a good run through what the hotel and surrounding areas had to offer 鈥?basically offered to help with anything we needed. We did have some problems with accessing the internet in our room and they came straight in and sorted it out. The accommodation was very spacious with a separate bedroom and living room and kitchen. The location is one street back from Hollywood Boulevard and only a couple of miles from Universal Studios. Have to say a big thanks to Shawn and the rest of the staff for a really enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Place in L.A. Stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel last week and it was terrific. Just like having an apartment in L.A. We felt very comfortable there - just like we were home. Who wants to go on vacation and not feel relaxed? - that's what the Magic Castle is - home away from home. Big comfy one-bedroom - plenty of room for us and the two kids. The beds are like heaven and we enjoyed breakfast poolside. Also loved taking the Metro to Universal - Needed the car very little. Great staff -always a smile and more help than you asked for. Its definitely our place in L.A.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kikamoose
<Content>Loved this hotel, especially with kids! Unique hotel!       2nd smaller bedroom  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DavidLau
<Content>Good Service but Noisy location We stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel for 3 nights in October 2005. The reason that we picked this hotel was to have a kitchen and be close to our destination - Universal Studios. As previously stated in all of the other reviews, the crown jewel of this hotel is the very good service given by the young staff. Also previously stated, the layout of the hotel is as the set of the Melrose Place TV show. All of the rooms surround a small courtyard with a small pool in the middle. No elevators, just stairways. The rooms themselves are reasonably sized for a suite-type hotel. They have been recently renovated, but not particularly well. In our room, the bathroom door didn't shut properly and the baseboards were already peeling. The kitchen was fully stocked with pots, pans, utensils, etc. Besides the TVs, there was also a small stereo system in the living room and a DVD player - nice. The sofa bed was not comfortable as the mattress wasn't well supported to the metal frame. A nice feature is that they use down comforters instead of regular blankets. Of special note, was the great water pressure in the shower. It was like standing underneath a giant waterfall!The continental breakfast is good, not great. As previously mentioned the baked goods were above average. Parking is $8/day for the small gated garage. The garage is a little tight, but we didn't have problems finding a spot every night. The main reason that I'm only giving an average rating was the level of night-time noise. The walls are pretty thin. Eventhough the location of our room was supposedly one of the more quiet sections, there was much traffic and weekend-partying noise until 2am. Of course, this isn't solely the hotel's fault, but rather the nature of their location - 1 block away from the night-life hub of Hollywood and Highland. On the plus side for the location:a) the hotel is a 4 minute walk from Grauman's Chinese theaterb) we took the metro to Universal Studios, which was another 2 minute walk from the Chinese theaterHere's an example of the good service: One of the female staff asked me if I slept well when I went to get breakfast and I complained about the noise. She purchased some ear plugs for us, and the plugs did help somewhat. In general, the staff is pretty attentive and helpful.For me, the good service and other perks didn't overcome the fact that it's an older building without good sound-proofing.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab Hotel I had an excellent time at this hotel, it was actually my second stay there and now the only place I will stay when vising in LA which I travel to apprx 4 times a year on business.The service is excellent, the staff are extremely helpful and lovely. The rooms are apartment suites and therefore very spacious and great value for money. The hotel has recently undergone refurbishment so everything is in good condition. Location is a real plus, particularly as I am a single female traveller, shops and restaurants are in walking distance and the area feels very safe.A big bonus for me is the WIFI in all the rooms which is complimentary, this works impeccably which is a necessity for me and my work.I have and would advise anyone travelling to LA who needs to be located in or near the West Hollywood area to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Truth19
<Content>Great Staff shame about the accomodation We stayed for 3 nights at the end of October this year and only picked this hotel through the views of the people on this site. I have to agree that the staff were brilliant, howevere this did not mitigate the fact the first 1 bedroom suite we were allocated was appalling, suite 219, insect screen had fallen off, the kitchen work sufaces were cracked and it looked like the kichen had not been replaced since the 50's. The bathroom was not much better, again cracked tiles, the shower screen, I am guessing was meant to be clear glass, however this had turned to a disgusting limescales opaque colour.We complained and were moved to an alternative suite. This at first seemed very pleasent until closer inspection. The bath had not been sealed properly, which had led to the floor rotting away in the bathroom and the hallway. For no one to have said anything before we arrived was hard to believe, but when we pointed it out it was temporarly rectified.In conclusion, stay at this hotel if you don't have high expectations and would like great service.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The staff was wonderful I thought the Magic Castle was a good value. The staff was exceptional - each person we dealt with took extra time to suggest good restaurants or things to do, and also helped us with transportation, reservations, etc. It made the difference for the hotel in general, which could use a little updating: ie) the carpets should be cleaned. The bed was very comfortable, and our room was spacious and clean. The kitchenette is a definite asset. We (on the 1st floor) didn't notice many problems with noise. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Much to Fault It (But) I had chosen this hotel totally on the back of reading reviews on tripadvisor. When you are working to a budget, you want absolutely everything for the best price. I had asked for a view of the pool before our stay and the staff were lovely about this.. We had only booked a double which dont have balconies but they gave us the only room with a huge window overlooking the pool which looks lovely at night which is all I had really wanted having seen the pictures on the internet beforehand. We could just see the Club twinkling opposite above the other rooms. We were a bit unsure about how safe we were in LA so we decided to order takeaway to our room both nights. Despite asking lots of questions about how to go about this, the staff were always pleased to give advice and offer us menus to look at. I have to say that both meals were absolutely wonderful. I was a bit disappointed with the room I guess as it had no bedside lamps which meant that you had to get out of bed to turn the light off and also despite having items to make coffee, no coffee machine??? The thing which I found most difficult however was the noise. I am from the country in Lincolnshire and am used to quiet at night but there was a constant hum all of the time - we guessed from the pool. But on top of this, the fridge was also very loud and our neighbours decided it was a good idea to play their TV very loud until about 3 in the morning not considering other guests at all. This is of course our honest opinion and wouldn't want to put other people off from using what is a lovely hotel in a great location, with great staff and secure parking (small charge). Not it isn't 5 star but then it doesn't claim to be!!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VisitorTraveller
<Content>Definitely not a five star hotel We just got back from a three night stay at the Magic Castle. My feelings about this hotel are very mixed. On the one hand, the location was fantastic - it really IS one block behind Grauman's Chinese Theater, the Hollywood Walk of Fame, Hollywood Blvd, and very near the Hollywood Bowl.We paid over $1000 for three nights' stay. That included $8 a night parking and over $40 a night in taxes. I had told them on the phone that I was travelling with my mother who can't walk very well, and they said they'd do what they could but when we arrived we were put in the far outside building, up quite a lot of stairs. This required walking across a sloped and often slippery driveway as well as two flights of stairs. When we got to the room, it was huge, which was nice. Two separate bedrooms and an uncomfortable fold out couch in the living room (there were 3 of us), as well as a nice kitchen. But no balcony, no view of the pool, and the street we faced (Franklin) was NOISY - the traffic was horrendous, loud, constant honking and loud stereos until 3 in the morning every night. If you seal the windows and turn on the air conditioning it's tolerable but just barely. There was a musty smell to the room, and none of the remotes worked. Three tvs and not one remote worked. They did come up and fix that when we called down. The furnishings and carpet were serviceable but not as nice as the pictures on the website would lead you to believe. The breakfast was nice - Wolfgang Puck coffee and nice pastries, cereals and some little fruits. The staff is the best part of this hotel - friendly, helpful and very knowledgable. Shawn was the best, and Gretchen was nice too but they were very busy with what seemed to be more important guests than us, and we didn't feel particularly special.I would stay there again, but would demand better accomodations for the premium price we paid. If you want location, there's no better one for Hollywood. But if you want a quiet night's sleep there might be better places.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If this is the third best hotel in LA, stay home! We stayed there totally on TripAdvisor reviews. Big mistake. The staff IS very friendly and helpful, so if that is what you are interested in, go ahead and stay there. Our room (not a suite) was about the size of my bathroom at home. It was badly in need of paint and maintenance. (especially the bathroom) Our bed was like a rock. Would not stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Swissmiss007
<Content>Best Staff and Ideal Location The staff and location make this hotel so extraordinary. The room we had (two bedroom suite) was clean, large and reasonably quiet. Yes you can hear the people upstairs and you can also hear pipes and ventilation. But I dont think you can find better in a city like LA. Gretchen (thanks for the lift!) Ashley and Jason looked after us SO well. You dont need to spend money buying an LA guide-book with such invaluable help and information at the front desk. Nothing seems to be too much trouble. With our high Swiss standards, we were more than happy.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KCTraveler6
<Content>Great Place Highly recommended! Excellent hotel with a great location one block off Hollywood Blvd next to Kodak Theater. Staff was very good. Heated pool made it enjoyable for a fall swim. One bedroom room was huge.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smiley53
<Content>Home away from home       parking is $8 a day, brown post is where you insert key, gate slides, low clearance, but it...  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great staff, great location We stayed for 5 nights in October '05, and would definitely go back. Yes the bathroom in the suite we stayed in was a little in need of a refurb, yes you could hear the people above walking (or was it leaping?) across the floor, and the pipes are a little noisy, but the attitude of the staff and the location are unbeatable. I picked up a bug on the plane from Sydney to LA, and the staff not only organised me to get to a doctor but on my return there were flowers and a get well card in the room. Nothing is too much trouble for Jason, Gretchen, Sean and the rest of the crew.Having a kitchen is well worth it-there are a number of good supermarkets in the area, and dining in with a bottle of Californian wine-watching one of the many DVDs available free from reception-is a great way to finish a big day out. The staff can also recommend excellent pizza delivery. If you get the chance, go to the Magic Castle. We were a little sceptical, but had a great evening, and the food was much better than we were expecting. Overall a great introduction to LA.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First-class Hotel like no other Our stay at the Magic Castle Hotel in Hollywood was truly a pleasure. We stayed there while celebrating my wife's birthday. Even before we got there for the weekend, they had begun catering to us. On their website I had secured a great rate of $129 a night for a standard room. I called and went through options for our evenings out, including one at the infamous castle, and after advising me at length Ashley and Mike made all of the arrangements exactly as I had hoped. Upon arrival Darren, the manager, had upgraded us to a suite at no charge, and while we were out Gretchen even snuck a birthday cake into the room to surprise my wife. Darren also arranged for a complimentary appetizer at Yamashiro for us, a nice touch on our first night that made us feel very at-home. Every member of the staff was all smiles, polite and very competent. And everything they had arranged for us went like clockwork the entire weekend. The day we were leaving, we missed our wake-up call which Sean had arranged and Ashley actually knocked on our door to make sure we were up!I would, and will, go back in a second. Never before have we been treated with such great care and customer service, to the point we felt like royalty. And the suite was huge, breathtaking, and well-furnished and kept. I can't say enough about this place. They're the best.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't go wrong with the Magic Castle Hotel! When I was looking for a hotel for my family's vacation, I went on some other websites. I had a friend tell me about tripadvisor and I am glad he did. I was a little hesitant about booking this hotel, but after reading the comments, I felt better. I even called the hotel and spoke with a wonderful lady who assured me that my family would be taken great care of. So I booked a 4 night stay in a two bedroom suite. Upon arrival, they assisted us with the bags, took them straight to our room. The guy who checked us in was quick and even offered us complimentary water bottles. It was great because it was warm outside. After check in, the agent showed us to the room. The room was clean, large and the furnishings were great. Even a dvd player and cd player. The beds were great. Wanted to take the mattress home with me. Every morning my family and I would eat the fantastic complimentary continental breakfast poolside. The scones, muffins, croissants were all wonderful. They even have the employees serve you more breakfast. Such service! It's a great way to start your day. The second day we didn't know where to start the adventure. Everyone at the front desk was so knowledgable of the area. Any time we had a question, they were there. Never dealt with such friendly staff. Everytime we walked through the lobby or past an employee on the property, they always greeted us and smiled. My kids loved the pool and especially loved the free popsicles. On a hot day, it's a nice treat. My wife loved the lavendar chilled face cloths that was brought to her poolside. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. Definately, a 5 star hotel in my eyes. You can't get better service. I want to say thanks to Mike, Ashley, Gretchen and Shawn. All who were wonderful. And also, the wonderful breakfast lady who kept my coffee cup hot and full, THANKS!! I will definately recommend this hotel to everyone I can. Keep up the good work Magic Castle Hotel. I can't wait to return!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cadgwith
<Content>Excellent hotel, location  Thank you to Tripadvisor users for your recommendations re this hotel - you were right. We stayed 7th to 11th September 2005, and it was great. I'd asked for a quiet room, on the top floor, with a bedroom away from the pool, but a balcony overlooking it, and that's exactly what I got (we were in room 215 - a suite). We had very little problem with noise - once a TV from next door could be heard through a connecting door, and some kids were in the pool late one evening - but, as our bedroom faced the back, and the connecting door led onto a hallway, not our bedroom, we were fine. The breakfast was good, the laundrette very cheap and convenient (with soap powder free!)  the lift up to Yamashiro much appreciated. The suite was large, effectively (if slightly noisily) air-conditioned and clean (with some charming original fitted furniture mixed with the modern items), and the bed big and comfortable. The staff were exceptional - very friendly, helpful in giving advice and booking taxis, restaurants, etc, and quick to mend a faulty safe in our room. The house keeping staff even did our washing up on 2 days. Yamashiro's was terrific - stunning views, a great atmosphere, and not too expensive. The hotel's location is very good - 5 minutes walk to Grauman's, 10 minutes to Hollywood and Highland metro station (and next door to the hotel where Janis Joplin died, rock fans). We felt safe walking around the area during the evening. We hope to return to LA, and if we do, we'd love to stay at the Magic Castle again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ducati40
<Content>Extremely friendly and nice! We stayed at the Magic Castle hotel for five nights in October 2005.Being a family of five, we were given a nice suite 鈥揵ut unfortunately with a roll out bed which wasn鈥檛 too good for our boys of 11 and 14. We asked in the reception if they had an extra mattress or any thing to make it more comfortable - and they immediately upgraded us to another and bigger suite, one with two bedrooms. This is a very nice hotel 鈥?it is not big 鈥?you get the personal touch, you are remembered by name,- and the staff are extremely friendly. We were always given maps, good advices and help whenever we asked. Our favorite staff member, Gretchen 鈥揺ven lent us her own book to bring with us down-town! Relaxing at the pool one of the staff member came and offered complimentary ice cream or a relaxing towel for your face鈥︹€?these small tings that make you remember your stay at this hotel! Another great thing is the breakfast with smiling ladies who keeps bringing fresh croissant and juice 鈥nd of course; the complementary videos!When reading about different hotels at www.tripadvisor.com I always look for the cleanliness 鈥?and YES 鈥?the magic castle hotel IS clean! The suit had a kitchen and I get a bit suspicious about 鈥渓iving creatures鈥?in these arrangements鈥?but no 鈥?everything was nice and clean.We would without hesitation recommend all our friends to stay at the magic castle hotelA very lovely hotel 鈥?and for the location; it couldn鈥檛 be better!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impressed with Magic Castle Hotel My Bride and I stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel in September of 2005. We were looking for sightseeing opportunities @ Venice Beach. Santa Monica Pier and Hollywood Blvd.- Walk of Fame, Grauman's Chinese Theatre...etc..The hotel was 1 block off Hollywood Blvd. with great service from the staff and a tasty continental breakfast offerred each day. The Magic Castle Hotel is well kept , clean but has a small pool area ( which separate from its size met my need for cooling off after a day of hiking the streets of Hollywood and surrounding areas. The overall Room and Bed were clean and well kept but older, which lent some charm to the hotel. I liked the hotel and the service offerred from its staff and would easily recommend it to friends and family.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont stay here if you're a light sleeper I stayed at the Magic Castle based purely on the reviews on Trip Advisor.... and unfortunately it didnt match up to them. If you are the kind of person who values your sleep, dont stay here. However, if you like listening to the bathroom habits of complete strangers in the next room, or you like hearing every word of other guests conversations while youre lying in bed, or if you like being woken up every 5 minutes by slamming doors, TVs and children running around in the bedroom below, then this is definitely the place for you.Having read other reviews saying this hotel should be a 5 star hotel, I can only assume that none of those reviewers have ever stayed in a decent 5 star hotel. The carpets were filthy, the kitchen was ill-equipped and we had a colony of spiders living on the living-room ceiling. Our toilet backed up and overflowed and when i contacted reception to ask for help, no one came. When I called again, I got told that the member of staff Id spoken to had forgotten about it.There were one or two staff who were helpful but no more than I would expect from a hotel. My boyfriend was really unwell at the time and he needed peace, quiet and rest so I ended up spending a day searching for alternative accomodation in LA.When we told the staff that the noise in the bedroom of our suite was intolerable, they couldnt understand as that was supposed to be the quite part of the hotel!! We would never stay there again. If youre a noisy person with noisy kids, maybe your own noise would drown out that of everyone else. If youre a quiet couple looking for a romantic get-away with privacy - forget it.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Magic Castle Hotel is Magical! My wife and I recently went to L.A. for a wedding and to visit our daughter. With all the rave reviews of the Magic Castle Hotel, how could we not try it? We arrived there in the evening with high expectations, but we were quickly disappointed. The carpeting in our room had numerous holes like cigarette burns (it turned out that these were dark spots). The next morning we debated about complaining to the management. After some hesitancy, we decided that management should know that our experience was not consistent with the reviews that we had read. After all, we were going to be there for three more nights. We started wondering whether the reviews were written by real guests of the hotel.We addressed the carpet problem with the person at the front desk. She was very understanding and offered to place us in another comparable room. However, this room was near the street, and we did not want to risk the possible noise. So we decided to stay put and thought that was the end of it.As we were enjoying our breakfast at poolside, we were approached by the general manager. He apologized and offered us further assistance. He indicated that another room was opening up that morning. A little later that morning he gave us the key for this newly vacated room. Were we surprised! The room was enormous with a full kitchen, dining area, living room, etc. Besides this free upgrade, he advised us that the first night would be deducted from our bill.With large smiles upon our faces, we promptly moved over our luggage to our new luxury suite. We then went back to the pool for swimming and sunbathing. Upon our return to the suite, we found a beautiful bouquet of flowers from a florest with a note apologizing for the inconvenience from the general manager. This was astonishing! Where do you get such service from a hotel?The remainder of our stay there could not have been better. The location is 2 blocks from Grauman's Theater and other tourist sites, as well as the subway that we took to Olvera St. The pool was refreshing with staff members bringing out popsicles and cool towels. The staff members were incredible - from helping with directions to caring for our every needs. The general manager was awesome and went over the top in making sure that we were satisfied. Would we stay there again? In a heartbeat. For us, the Magical Hotel was magical!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>crouchhill
<Content>I hope this place never changes               
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in L.A I had the pleasure of a 4 day whirlwind visit to the Magic Castle, so, naturally, I stayed in the Magic Castle Hotel.From the first minute of arrival, to the last minute of check out, I was treated like a Lord.Impeccable friendly service from EVERY member of staff. A big shout out to Gretchen and Ashley at Reception for the countless complimentary lifts up the hill to my room, and for patiently answering all my questions!If visiting L.A, you MUST say here.........PERIOD.Thank you all. I shall return, I promise.Darren LawbuaryUnited Kingdommagicdaz@yahoo.com  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shazqazi
<Content>Stay at the Magic Castle was nice We stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel from September 7th to the 9th and liked it. I would not give my stay five stars because our room had ant problems and it also had an odor which was strange. The staff took care of the ant problem immediately but the odor was there to stay. Bathrooms need a little updating.Overall my stay was comfortable and the staff were very well-informed about what to do in the surrounding neighborhoods. The staff also had an anniversary cake for my parents which was very thoughtful.Also, it looks as if this hotel was an apartment and was converted into a hotel. May be that is why I thought that the ambience was o.k. But I would definitely recommend it to people who are looking for excellent staff and a central location in hollywood.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved it The Magic Castle staff are the absolute best! They are very warm, friendly and patient. I just spent my 30th birthday there and it was such a wonderful experience. I rented a one-bedroom/kitchen suite that was just darling, and so unexpected when you arrive from the outside! It was clean, spacious and decorated with modern furniture. When I first walked in, a birthday cake and card, signed by each staff member, greeted me. We swam in the heated pool and the staff served us popsicles! It was so awesome and all my guests had a great time! It was the best hotel experience that I have had... Thanks Magic Castle Hotel!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>miloumilou
<Content>Fantastic! What everyone has said is true! We stayed for a week. We've traveled all over the world and it really doesn't get much better than this. The Magic Castle is simply the best!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ferriby
<Content>Wonderful hotel After a lovely welcome from the staff , we unpacked our swimming gear and went into the warm pool.It was nightime and the lights made it seem magical.We put on our plush robes (provided) and settled down for the evening.The following morning the staff helped us book and print our tickets for our front of line passes for Universal Studios which was a saving on the gate price.Breakfast included fruit , cereal, and buns delivered by the local bakery which were delicious. This can be eaten in your room, or at the tables around the pool.Whilst sunbathing the following morning, ice pops and cold lavender face cloths were brought to us, this was a very nice touch.The rooms are very comfortable; we had two queen beds, dining table , kitchen, and dvd player .( dvd's can be chosen from a list at reception)..chocolates are provided at bedtime.The staff are the most helpful we have come across and we cannot praise the hotel enough.I thank all other trip advisors for helping us choose this hotel. As it was our first trip to the USA we valued your comments.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Josula
<Content>Great! I recently spent 5 days at the Magic Castle Hotel with my daughter. I don't remember ever having such wonderful service. The staff is perfect, willing to help with anything, always so pleasant! They go above and beyond to please you. All were great, but Shawn sticks out in my mind as outstanding. It is a good location and felt like I was in my own home. Great for families. Also liked the continental breakfast in the A.M.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kkrs
<Content>Better than expected! I hope this adds some unique perspective to the prior reviews, but it's hard not to heap the same praises on this charming hotel. We selected the Magic Castle after reading the great reviews here and stayed for 5 nights. The location is terrific if you're planning on visiting in the greater LA area. We visited attractions such as the Getty Museum, Burbank (Warner Brothers), downtown LA, West Hollywood and Beverly HIlls and found this an excellent location . The staff was terrific - they bent over backward to be helpful and providing outstanding suggestions and help. We went to a concert at the Hollywood Bowl and Gretchen suggested a local market to purchase some gourmet picnic items which made our evening perfect! Maps, directions, suggestions were all very useful (I even called from the car at one point in downtown LA and was given directions and a great suggestion for lunch on Olvera Street (again, thanks, Gretchen!).We had a 1 bedroom suite and found it very comfortable (although the walls are rather thin).. The continental breakfast was great to have as it allowed us an easy pace in the morning to sit on our balcony, enjoy a light breakfast, read the complimentary paper and plan the day. I would not hesitate to recommend the Magic Castle. Location, staff, pleasant accomodations, spacious, nice extras, gated parking, etc., etc. My only suggestion might be to add a little bit of variety to the breakfast items (since you probably can't do much about the sound).Thank you management and staff of Magiic Castle - you exceeding our expectations.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JAL25
<Content>Five Stars in Our Book!!! We have been traveling for over twenty years. Never have we encountered a staff like the crew employed by the Magic Castle Hotel. These young people go the extra mile to make your stay in Hollywood memorable. We returned from a month-long vacation of the West Coast having stayed in 22 hotels and the Magic Castle was without a doubt the best experience. I was leery booking a hotel for a week which AAA rated only two diamonds but after reading the reviews by the folks on Trip Advisor, I decided to ignore the pros. Wise choice. The hotel is in an excellent location for tourist yet quiet. We did not want to rent a car as my husband had already driven 1,200 miles on the first leg of the trip. This hotel is close to all forms of public transportation and sightseeing venues. We arrived three hours before check-in time in hopes of storing our luggage. To our shock, the staff said our room was ready and we had been given a complimentary upgrade to a suite!!! The suite was immaculate. The staff recommended which tours were worthwhile, what to see on our own and how to get there and advised us what we should NOT do via public transportation. I had wanted to take the transit system to Long Beach to tour the Queen Mary. They were adamant it would not be safe to do so. Only my mother has ever been this concerned for my well-being. The staff even went so far as to call taxi services on my behalf (without my asking) to check rates to Long Beach. They advised public transportation to The Reagan Library in one day was not do-able either....too many stops thus not enough time to tour the Library. The staff booked tours for us, which when we tried to book ourselves, were told there were no openings....hence the name Magic! The heated outdoor pool in the courtyard is open 24/7. They just ask you keep the noise level reasonable after 9pm. The on-site laundry facility is suppose to close at 9pm but when I was doing laundry after that hour, they said no problem. When I inquired as to why AAA only rated the hotel two diamonds, they explained that several factors are considered by AAA in their assessment which they don't tell the reader. 1. There is no bathroom in the lobby. This is silly as all 39 guestrooms are a short walk from the lobby. 2. There is no elevator. Another stupidity as there are only two floors. 3. No restaurant on site. Another no-brainer......there are two very classy restaurants right next door. The AAA rating of two diamonds is a terrible injustice to this wonderful hotel and their employees. To Ashley, Gretchen, Jason, Nick, Shawn and everyone else we came in contact with during the week......thank you.....you are all five stars in our book!!!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Experience! Our family of four recently stayed at this glorious place in West Hollywood. Although the builing is a little older and it does show in places, it is definitely worth the stay. The facilities are clean, safe and exceptionally located. The staff is fabulous, very polite, helpful! The bedding is exquisite, feather duvets, luxurious robes, great towels, etc. Chocolate on the bed tables every night and locked parking. I was lovely eating the continental breakfast on our private balcony overlooking the pool every morning...the pastries were gourmet and plentiful, in addition to fresh fruit, cereal, juices, milks (all kinds) and coffee. Free wireless internet access everywhere on the property, two televisions in the suite (one for kids and one for us), free CD library at the front desk, great soaps and shampoos....and I could go on and on.This hotel is fabulous and is worth a try...you will not be dissappointed!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fell in Love with the Magic Castle This little gem of a hotel hidden in Hollywood right behindKodack Theater/ Hollywood and Highland , seems to have been discovered by foreign tourists or maybe a US tourists as well.Wanted to write one review from a business person perspective.This hotel did not only meet my needs but FAR exceeded them in each possible way. Hotel is quiet, has high speed internet, studio rooms are more like large apartments , decorated beautifully, chocolate bars in room at night, balconies, popsicle's by pool in the afternoons, and a staff that absolutely blows awayany of my business hotels (Marriott, Hyatt, Hilton, etc) service.I was so overjoyed by my visit: can honestly say for first time in my life on a business trip, I contemplated staying longer.I'm so much looking foward to next trip that I have actually moved it up one month!Congartualtions to an incredible hotel and staff!!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JulieAppleValley
<Content>A treasure, A+ My family and I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Magic Castle, July 23 - 29. On our last day at the hotel, as we were departing, I told the wonderful front office manager, Mike, that my only hesitation in writing a review on TripAdvisor, was that the hotel may be discovered. Mike assured me that he would always make room for me at their property. So, with that assurance, here's my review of the Magic Castle Hotel.What I loved most about the Magic Castle: it's quaint, it has character, it has charm, it has personality, and it's in a fabulous location (off the beaten path but close to the Hollywood strip). I also loved that it's in a safe location. The housekeeper even stopped up to our room a few times to see if my son was doing okay -- and offered him chocolates! The staff -- Ashley, Gretchen, and Shawn -- couldn't have been more helpful and polite. They *all* treated me like royalty, despite the thousands of questions I asked as I finagled LA and the metro bus system (I didn't rent a car but managed to get along just fine.) I couldn't take home their Egyptian robes, their goose down comforter or their nummy blueberry muffins -- but I could, and will, take home the memories of our delightful stay at the Magic Castle Hotel. I'll also take with me the wonderful memories of our last night's dinner at the spectacular Yamashiro restaurant, and the lasting memory of the Sunday branch and magic show at the exclusive Magic Castle club attached to the hotel. Also, I'll always remember how thrilled I was when I learned, as I was checking in, that they had upgraded our room! My kids were so excited too, especially when they saw the awesome huge rooms.This was a special trip for my two children and me. I booked my room nine months ago, and have been planning this vacation for nearly a year. Now that I'm back in Minnesota, I realize I couldn't have made a more perfect choice. All the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor are right on. Thank you to all the accommodating staff, and thank you once again to Mike, the front office manager. As I departed from the hotel, I gave Mike three hugs. That's something I must say I've never done before, but I was so happy with our stay; we all had such a great time on our vacation. Looking back, I wish I would have him yet another hug. Mike and all the staff at the Magic Castle deserve it!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a hoot! We were scheduled to stay @ 3 hotels on this trip since we like to try new hotels but after we arrived @ the Magic Castle, we cancelled our reservations @ a Sheraton and Hyatt and stayed for 6 days in our home away from home!They upgraded us from a standard room to a suite, bought pizza for all the guests one night when the power went out in that area of town and treated us like old friends, calling us by name.Every single employee @ this hotel was friendly and accomodating--it was kind of like we had an apartment there and knew our neighbors.We'll be back for more!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Katoomba_Traveller
<Content>A great value Hollywood experience My wife and I stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel for 7 days as the last stop on a two month round the world trip. Our itinerary included a number of hotels in the $US150-$200 range across the globe and we would have to say that the Magic Castle was by far our best hotel experience. The friendliness of the staff is exceptional and extends way beyond the shallow have a nice day that often passes for good service in the US. The staff and management appeared genuinely eager to assist in any way to make our stay as enjoyable as possible - (well done guys!).The hotel itself is ideally located in the heart of the resurgent Hollywood district and for a tourist has that quintessential Hollywood feel. This was aided by the hotel's apparent appeal to out-of-town creative types who stay there for a day or two to pitch their film scripts - so wireless laptops and movie talk by the pool. The hotel is actually split in two, with the main building down the bottom of the hill and another one up the top. We initially booked a room up the hill and although the LA views are good, these rooms had not been renovated (Jan 2005) and were rundown. Guests are also required to walk up and down the hill for breakfast and any other concierge needs. After a couple of days, we decided to move into the main building and were put in a much nicer, larger and newly renovated room that was surprisingly at a lower price. The Magic Castle is not an international luxury business hotel (and hence lacks some of the trimmings), but is excellent value for those seeking an LA experience at a reasonable price. (Note we have also stayed at the similarly priced LAX Airport Sheraton, which is a good hotel too, but has no atmosphere)Some tips:To avoid disappointment, we suggest that you ask for an upstairs renovated room in the main building that faces the pool and is not on the main road.Guests at the Magic Castle Hotel are given the privilege of being able to visit the Magic Castle club next door to watch some of the top magicians in the world perform in a range of atmospheric theatres in a big Victorian house. Even if you stay for one night at the hotel, definitely take up this offer (and book ahead) as it is a genuinely unique LA experience that is not open to the general public. Visit the Japanese restaurant at the top of the hill (behind the hotel) for either dinner or a late night drink as it has some of the best views in LA. We were lucky enough to be there after heavy rain and the views were exceptional.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	2	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Vicky22
<Content>Loved the Magic Castle This hotel is wonderful. The staff are the best hotel staff I have ever come across, they anticipate your every need and are extremely friendly and helpful. We were booked to stay for two nights but stayed three as we enjoyed it so much. We were lucky enough to get upgraded to a suite on arrival, it was huge. Having the kitchen gave us the option not to have to go out and we were able to order a takeaway after our host provided us with a handful of menus once she heard us say we were hungry when we checked in. Breakfast in the morning gave a good selection of cereals, toast and delicious pastries. The hotel has an intimate relaxed atmosphere. The pool isn't big but it is big enough and the pool area catches the sun in the mornings. The hotel also provides a shuttle to Yamashiro which has the most delicious menu.I would recommend Magic Castle, great value and brilliant staff.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magic Castle is the best! This hotel was so cool!I loved the vibe of the place, and if you're touring Hollywood this is the place to stay. You can walk to Hollywood Blvd, but the hotel is quiet and relaxing. I loved the retro feel, especially how rooms open onto the pool courtyard. You feel like Marilyn Monroe could be sunbathing there. Plus, there's a guy who comes around with complimentary popsicles :-)The rooms themselves are great. We stayed in the 2BR/2BA suite (myself and husband, and his parents) and had plenty of space. The full kitchen was a great way to not have to eat out every night, and it was great to eat breakfast in before heading out for the day. The beds were comfortable and there was a ton of closet space.One note: While the suite had window AC units, the bedroom my husband and I stayed in had a sub-par non-window AC. It didn't matter so much because the weather was perfect, but I wouldn't have been so happy in mid-July. However, the rest of the place was so nice it didn't really hurt our stay.The staff was extremely nice and very accommodating to our large number of suitcases and 4am departure time. We were in town for a family wedding at Yamshiro and it was so convenient to take Magic Castle's shuttle up to the restaurant. I will definitely be staying here next time I come to LA!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Prospector1
<Content>Outstanding hotel - just wonderful Our family (boys of 12 and 14) stayed here for 3 nights in mid July. Rest of family hadn't seen tripadvisor and had sever worries about a magic castle. But they were quite overwhelmed by the quality of accommodation and high class service offered. we had newly decorated very spacious suite - kitchenette (large), big sitting area with TV/DVD which turned into double bed, moderate sized bathroom and large bedroom with great wardrobes etc. Continental breakfast was great though my wife did not enjoy as much as rest of us - choice of juices, pastries (superb) and cereals and coffee. Pool small but adequate and can be used 24 hr a day.Location is excellent - 5 minute walk to Kodak Theatre on Hollywood Boulevard - and about 10 minutes drive to Universal Studios.We really enjoyed our stay - great to have some space away from the kids as we've been sharing bedrooms for the rest of our time in California.If you're thinking of heading up the coast don't miss the Kon Tiki Inn at Pismo Beach -I've written separate review on it. We did deal on Expedia but taxes are added locally. Still great value for what you get. We would certainly return.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and location Stayed at the Magic castle recently. I was somewhat sceptical with a name like this but because I was travelling with My wife, daughter and our 2 mums I really needed good value clean accomodations. Well we were pleseantly surprised when we arrived. Magnificent room with 2 double beds, large living area and great kitchen with all facilities. We immediately headed off for a walk and found that we were within 400 metres of Manns chinese theatre and Hollywood Boulevavrd. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. You get a basic breakfast which you cna eat on the patio or in your room. The only worry was that if you dont have a ground floor room you have a lot of stairs to climb, I had 6 Suitcases to deal with and was exhausted bringing them in (there is no lift). Overall highly recommended and fantastic for a family, location perfect and you can walk to a lot of major attractions from here. Go and Enjoy LA...  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic for Families The setting (two room suites) and location (in Hollywood) made this a perfect stop for families visiting tourist attractions in Los Angeles.The care the staff (Nick, Ashley, Shon, Marxia, Jason and Amy) all took with my family was simply wonderful as every question and accomodation was addressed when they could do so, efficiently and with a smile. It was a real pleasure to stay here as one of the most relaxing stops on our trip.Thank you for helping us discover this fantastic family hotel.Fr. Bruce  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Barto
<Content>great location  We stayed 4 nights in mid-June  found the place lived up to our expectations based on prior reviews. The unit was very comfortable with two separate bedrooms with king-sized, very comfortable beds. One negative aspect of our particular unit/apt concerned the air conditioning units which were weak in both bedrooms (one was an indoor free standing unit which didn't do much). It wasn't unbearably warm, so we didn't mention it. On the other hand the main unit in the kitchen area worked great. Breakfast by the pool in the morning was nice, although a few more tables would have been useful. This hotel is in a great location , being only a short walk to Hollywood  Highland where there is great shopping  dining as well as the chinese theatre. I must agree with other reviewers concerning the staff. They were indeed very helpful  provided excellent service. They also provided excellent driving directions to our various locations  even provided us with a business card  hotel phone number should we need further assistance while on the road. Secure indoor parking was also a nice feature.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MDUK
<Content>Magic We found this hotel on trip advisor while we were looking for reviews of the Holiday Inn, the original hotel we were going to stay at. We decided to try 'The Magic' because of the reviews, its link with the adjoing magic club and were attracted by its general quirkiness.It is ideally situated for Hollywood boulevard, being less than 5 minutes walk away. We had a car (which we kept in the secure underground car park overnight for $8 a night) and drove to Disneyland which took around an hour and Universal studios which took about 10 minutes.The accomodation was ideal for a family, a double room and a bed setee in the lounge, basic kitchen facilities and seperate bathroom. The FREE buffet breakfast was well received by the children (cereal and croissants being much closer to their normal fayre than the heavy cooked buffets offerred elsewhere). Echoing previous reviews though, the hotel does need to invest in some more tables and chairs in that area.The staff are the one single differentiator from any of the other hotels we visited during our 2 weeks in the states. Without exception, they all try and make a difference to your stay. Really first class hospitality. Special mention to Gretchen and Jason.Would I stay again- definitely.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>markas101
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Price, Good for exploring Hollywood       The Magic Castle club - watch budding magicians and mingle with the masters...  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jacsbri
<Content>A Magical Experience From the moment I called the Magic Castle Hotel to make our reservations I encounter a friendly and caring of staff. I told the person at the other end of the line, my husband and I were celebrating our 40th Wedding Anniversary! That's FOUR DECADES, yikes! The young woman chuckled at my comment. I explained my husband is legally blind, and I am anticipating knee surgery within the near future. She said, No, problem. We have the perfect room for you. She was right! I asked her to please tell about the hotel ... describe it. She said the courtyard looks like a scene from the television program a few years ago called 'Melrose Place.' And that's exactly what we found ... we felt like we had walked into a movie set. The desk assistant that checked us in greeted us with a huge smile, helped me with our bags, explained some of the surround sites, and told us about the continental breakfast offered each morning. Our room was lovely. You could tell it was an older hotel that had been refurbished. But with great attention to detail! It was so clean. The bed was comfortable with a wonderful soft duvet. There was a refrigerator, a coffee maker, blow dryer, huge remote control television, makeup mirror, delicious smelling tangerine smelling soap, shampoo and cream rinse and abundance of wonderful fluffy towels. The staff surprised us with a small Anniversary cake and a card signed by each member of the staff. It was like having family help us celebrate! Additionally, the individual who made our hotel reservations, went one step further, and offered to make our dinner reservations at the Magic Castle Club for us as well. At the Club we received VIP treatment. If you are in the Hollywood area ... stay at the Magic Castle Hotel. We highly recommend it! Your stay will be magical!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stephanieOakton_VA
<Content>The Magic Castle is truly the "yes" hotel Where do you stay when your group consists of 38 high school drama students and chaperones coming to Hollywood for the first time from Virginia?? You want them to be welcomed, safe, comfortable and in a great location. The answer was a real winner....The Magic Castle Hotel!We all had suite rooms so the students felt more like they were in apartments rather than hotel rooms. The beds were all queen and king size so everyone was comfortable. The bedding is new, fresh and so comfortable you could melt into it. Each room had a kitchen, so the students could make snacks for themselves.Each morning a continental breakfast is provided, but not like at most places. The Magic Castle has fresh baked goods from a bakery and gourmet coffee. The juices and milk were quickly refilled, and the cereals and fruit bountiful. The morning we left at 5:00a.m. the hotel had an individual breakfast bag for each student as they boarded the bus!! How thoughtful can you be!?!?!?The location on this property is amazing. It is one block from the Kodak theater area. So it is in walking distance of many area attractions, shopping, restaurants, and the Metro. There was also a guard on the property to ensure safety, although we never felt unsafe.Because this hotel is associated with the Magic Castle itself any guest has the ability to go to this exclusive magic mecca. The Sunday brunch admits children and has shows that are age appropriate....and the buffet was out of this world. yum!The best part about the Magic Castle Hotel is the staff itself. They call themselves the yes hotel, and they live up to it. When we arrived they served popsicles! When the students needed anything they felt comfortable going to the front desk and asking for everything from paper/pen to milk for scrambling eggs. A lot of the front desk workers are young working actors and are happy to share their stories. Every single employee was a delight and so willing to be of service. Unselfish service is hard to find today, but the Magic Castle Hotel offers it bountifully.This hotel is a rare find, perfect for our group, and I hope others will enjoy it tool  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dv8r
<Content>Unique Property - Nice Rooms We were pleasantly surprised by the Magic Castle on a recent trip. It's a pleasant oasis just a few steps from the silliness  sleaze of Hollywood Boulevard ( Graumans, Fredericks, Pantages etc). The staff was friendly, and possibly because we booked online via Orbitz, they gave us a free upgrade to a large well equipped poolside suite. Room came with newly upgraded modern furniture, CD  DVD players  a kitchen.Be sure to take a hike up the hill to the fabulous old Japanese restaurant Yamashiro, which features a japanese garden  spectacular views of the entire LA Basin. The 600-year-old pagoda, that sits up there was imported from Japan in 1914, and actually is the oldest building in California!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff, Great Place! The staff is so friendly and accommodating, lots of special perks and treatment, reasonable rates, and great location. Staying here was a huge part of what made a trip to Hollywood/L.A. extra special.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Had been recommended the Magic Castle by a friend and was glad to see good reviews here. Had a great stay there for two nights, the staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was very clean and tidy - loved the turndown service, newspaper in the morning and the breakfast was great. The chocolate and cherry scones are worth getting up early for! Got a pretty reasonable rate from expedia and i think the price for the room and location was excellent. Provided a lovely start to our trip.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantasic Stay From the moment we checked in at the Magic Castle we were treated like very special family members. Ashley offered to help us with our luggage and showed us to our room, all the while answering our many questions we had about the area.The room was clean and inviting. The mattress was not one of the typical cheapo's..this one we wanted to bring home with us!The general manager, Darren Ross, suggested restaurant choices for us. We chose the Yamashiro restaurant which is a part of the Hotel. We were driven to the restaurant by the complimentary shuttle van. Upon our arrival we were given a table for two that overlooked the city of Los Angeles...arranged by Darren. We felt VERY spoiled!! The food was prepared perfectly..We had the Filet Mignon which we could cut with our forks! Darren dropped by during dinner to see if everthing was satisfactory and we said yes, but the next time we stayed at the Hotel we would request a room with a balcony. Within seconds Darren was on his phone to the front desk and secured a balcony suite for our next two nights with them. We know where we will stay the next time we are in the Hollywood area. Service like this is rare these days!! The staff, Nick, Jason, Gretchen and everyone gets our Two thumbs up recommendation!  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eadeser
<Content>Big room - Good for short stay Stayed in the hotel for 2 nights on 16 day touring holiday in california.Hotel was well located 5 mins walk from holiday bouv. (which was very dissapointing, tacky and full of hawkers) Room were clean and huge. Staff though were not very freindly, we asked about changing travelers check and mentioned we should try and find a bank, but could'nt tell us where the nearest one was.Also not a hotel for people with a problem with stairs, we had to go up and down six filghts to get to our room which was only on the second floor.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LisaBrooklyn_NY
<Content>Even lovelier than I had imagined! I had chosen to stay at The Magic Castle based on the many positive reviews I'd read on this site.I enjoyed a wonderful room, a super comfortable bed, and a delicious breakfast. The setting was cheerful and pretty. The staff kind and helpful. I would definately stay there again and highly recommend in to all!  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service, Location  I stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel on business a few days ago and couldn鈥檛 believe the level of service at this little hotel. They surprised me with a free popsicle while I was sitting out by the pool!!! I mean come on!!! Every hour or so someone from the front desk would come out and offer free popsicles. I鈥檝e never seen anything like this鈥?but it was great. All the guests were talking about it and were extremely happy. I had wireless internet in my room and out by the pool and they don鈥檛 charge for it which is a refreshing change. I had a new one-bedroom suite, apparently they are just about done renovating their rooms. The suite was HUGE! I had my own full kitchen, huge living room and nice size bedroom. I had a DVD Player in the room and they don鈥檛 charge to borrow from their DVD library. Everywhere I turned, there was a staff member greeting me by name. Even the turndown attendant knew my name! Oh yeah鈥ach night they came to turn down my bed and refresh my towels. The robes in the room are a very nice touch!!! There were a lot off people wearing them during breakfast (which is very good by the way). My company is going to start booking more with the Magic Castle Hotel. It鈥檚 the best around. Thank you to the entire staff!The only negative is that the continental breakfast closes at 9am on weekdays. BUT鈥?when I told the front desk agent that I was surprised by this鈥?he, without any hesitation, went to the kitchen and brought out hot coffee, a variety of delicious pastries, a selection of cereal, and juice. This level of service is rare and I truly appreciated it.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pusscat
<Content>Dissapointed My new husband and I stayed two night, we were given a room right at the back of the hotel we entered by a security gate which we were given the code for. It was a two story building which went in rows like prison blocks, very unattractive. The room was ok lovely view over hollywood, large bed. the room was large with a microwave and fridge . The carpet had seen better days and the noise as people went up and down the steps was annoying. The staff were ok and breakfast was plentyfull as long as you got there early as there were not many tables.The main downfall was having to get the car to go down to the front, when we would have preferd to have parked the car for our stay. we paid with the tax on $181 a night which I thought was very expensive for what we got. If we get to go to America again I will not be staying at the Magic castleWe did a fly drive and Magic Castle was by far the dearest hotel we stayed and worst value for money..  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad but somewhat disappointing I booked the Magic Castle Hotel on the basis of the reviews on this website and the fantastic photographs on the hotel's website. Only when we arrived did we realise that the photos on the website are mainly from the magic club, which is completely separate from the hotel annexe and quite different in style. The hotel part is small and set around a courtyard, there are lots of steps to navigate if you have heavy luggage or are unsteady on your feet and no elevator (check out the photos posted by another reviewer). The rooms are pretty basic and our bathroom was quite roughly finished, but it was clean and comfortable and had everything you need, including a refrigerator. The table top ironing board was a pain as it collapsed every time any kind of pressure was applied - a regular ironing board would have been much better. Other than that, the facilities in the room were fine and the shower was EXTREMELY powerful! It was quite noisy at night with other guests arriving back late and also there was some traffic noise as our room was right by a side street. Breakfast was OK. The big pluses for this hotel are its location, the reasonable cost and the extremely helpful and pleasant staff, especially Mike - give that man a raise! My overall impression was that this hotel was fine for the money but I am still confused by the fabulous reviews on this website - I've stayed in worse but I've stayed in better.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MardiGrasGourmet
<Content>Nice . . . . becoming GREAT! Just back from 3 nights in Hollywood March 19 - 22. This smallish hotel offers a fantastic location for seeing the sights on Hollywood Blvd. The Mann is one block down. Our room was a bit worn, RM 204. Older furnishings, some missing tile in the bath and the kids were not happy with the lumpy springs in the pullout. There is currently remodeling taking place, and the remodeled rooms are much nicer. A delightful staff more than made up what we lacked in our room. I have traveled to many places and have NEVER encountered people like the staff at this hotel. The Ritz cannot compare, and that is no BS. They made suggestions for tours, made reservations, attended to our requests, and even went out of their way on more than one occasion for us. Do yourself a favor and book a remodeled room and enjoy your time in Hollywood.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service I flew my fiance to the Magic Castle as a surprise for his birthday. The Magic Castle Hotel was the obvious place to stay as they can give you a pass to the Magic Castle and I didnt know how to get in otherwise. I was most pleased with the service. Not only did they have a small gift and card waiting for my fiance, they notified the Magic Castle it was his birthday and got us a magnificent table at Yamashiro the following night. My only complaint was that when they cleaned the room they didnt take away our breakfast tray. Other than that, it was amazing.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Wish I Had More Time       Interior Courtyard  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AmyKate222
<Content>Lived up to it's glowing recommendations!!!!!! My friend and I stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel for 1 night this past week. Honestly, I was skeptical... I mean, it was only a one star hotel, and the price seemed a little high for the rating. First off, when we drove up, we went to the club, not the hotel. The pictures on the web-site gave the impression that the club (which has a fantastic, victorian exterior) was the Hotel. So, when we tried to valet the car, we were sorely dissappointed when we were directed down the street. When we pulled up, we were unimpressed. Not dirty or anything, just plain. But when we entered the lobby, and then went to the courtyard, we were very impressed, especially with the multi-levels at the courtyard. Shawn, the guy who helped us, was SO NICE!!! Come to think of it, everyone we encountered at the hotel was incredibly pleasant, not in a fake way, but in a way that made you feel right at home.Since it was dark when we arrived, I was nervous about walking to downtown. Being from a small town, I asked Shawn if it was safe to walk the block to Hollywood Blvd. He assured us that it was, and that if we needed anything, to call him and he would have some one pick us up. He gave us a personalized map, a business card with numbers, a recommendation for dinner, and sent us on our merry way... Ok, now for the part that I guess is more relevant... The room... We got a small room with a king-sized bed. When we opened the door, the first impression was how great it smelled. I know that may sound odd, but it was a great, clean, fresh fragrence. The bed was SUPER comfy (pillow top) and the duvet was nice and fluffy. The bathroom was all new with a pedestal sink and cool track lighting. The plantation blinds were great at blocking out light too. The room itself was pretty small, but we were blown away with just how nice everything was in it (from the bed-side lamps, which doubled as night lights to the big tv).All in all, I would most definatly stay at the Magic Castle again. I would suggest that you book your stay while the rates are still low, because I think this place is going to continue to get better (they are renovating the rooms) and get a couple more stars :-)  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ca_yee
<Content>Magically wonderful!!! Stayed at the Magic Castle hotel for one night this past weekend. We were going to the Magic Castle Club to see the show that night so we thought we'd make it more convenient on ourselves. The only complaint we had was the room wasn't ready when the front desk told us it was going to be. We got there around 2 p.m. and was told it would take another 45 minutes to get to our room. So, we decided to do the Walk of Fame and all that stuff around the corner. Went and ate lunch and got back around 3:30 and find out our room was not ready yet. We sat in the lobby and about 15 minutes later, the front desk told us that our room just didn't have a duvet cover on the bed. Frankly, we don't even use a the duvet so we told her we didn't care and please let us in our room.After following the wrong set of stairs with two rollable filled luggages, we finally get to our room. Boy what a nice room it was! The living room had very nice and comfortable couch and chair. They had marble counter tops in the kitchen and in the bathtub! Even had a bathtub/jacuzzi that I had to use as soon as I saw it. Talk about being in heaven!! The bed was a very comfortable king size one with a down comforter and pillows to match. Used the great cotton robe that was there for our use. Unfortunatley, we had to leave at 5 a.m. the next morning so we couldn't indulge in the continental breakfast that was being offered. We got a great deal for that room considering it's location. I would stay there again for that price.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service, great room, great location, great price! In general, I was very happy with my experience at the hotel. We stayed there for 5 nights, and we had no problems. This hotel is definitely one of the better places I've stayed. This was my first trip to Los Angeles. The people at the front desk were very friendly and helpful, giving us accurate directions to wherever we wanted to go.This building was an old apartment building, and it doesn't have any elevators. There are plenty of stairs to climb, so if you're physically disabled or have problems walking, this may not be the place for you. The rooms, however, are fantastic! If you get a suite (which I thought were reasonably priced), you will get a bedroom, a bathroom, a living room (with couch and coffee table, not to mention the DVD player and television), and a kitchen. The beds were very comfortable, and there are air conditioning units in the rooms.The Magic Castle Hotel has a private garage, which you will receive a key for when you receive your room key. I found this very comforting, as it is a small garage, and no one else has access to it besides the hotel guests.There is a nice pool at the center of the hotel, and also a continental breakfast every morning, which includes pastries, toast, cereal, fresh fruit, coffee, milk, and juices. It's not a large breakfast, but it's sufficient to get you through the day.Uphill from the hotel is the Magic Castle Club (you must be 21 to enter). It is located in a Victoria-era house, complete with some secret passageways and a piano-playing ghost. The club is exclusive, and you can only be allowed in by a member of the club or by making reservations at the front desk. I had a very good time going and watching the magic shows there. (There is a $15 cover charge, and you must order food... but the food is good, and the shows are worth it).As for location, the hotel is 2 blocks from Hollywood Blvd... we walked to the Walk of Fame and Grauman's Chinese theater. It is located near an entrance to Hwy 101, Sunset Blvd, and La Brea avenue, which will get you pretty much anywhere you want to go in and around Los Angeles.I hope that this review has been helpful to you... I would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND this hotel. :-)  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the Best in LA? Can this really be one of the best hotels in Los Angeles? My friend and I spent one week in March 2005 at the Magic Castle Hotel .. and a seven-night stay gives one a great chance to really evaluate a property and its services. Here's our evalution: The Upside: Moderate rate; very convenient location; oversized one-bedroom suites with full kitchen;; firm mattress on platform bed; absorbent towels; great bath products; breakfast muffins  croissants; warm-water, year-round pool; inexpensive washer and dryer on premises; and pleasant staff.The Downside: Noise on Friday nights; paper-thin walls; uneven maid service; dirty rug (rubbed off on our white socks); overcrowded hotel garage on weekend nights; high-carb and high-sugar cereals; old airconditioning units; and three broken items in suite.Highly recommended on weeknights!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>johnicho19
<Content>#4 Hotel in Los Angeles???? Upon reading the glowing reviews for the Magic Castle Hotel I decided to book 2 nights. Upon check in the clerk informed me that we had been upgraded to a suite and that it was one of the newly refurnished rooms. Well if room 204 is a newly refurnished room I would have hated to see what the others looked like. The carpeting was stained, there were holes and cracks all over the bathroom wall and there was a large black mark in the tub.Granted the location is good, however if I knew that the rooms looked like this I would have gone to the Roosevelt.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>miss_nys
<Content>I trevelled the world and this was the best hotel!! This hotel is fantastic!I stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel in early Feb 2005. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning on staying in Hollywood. The service provided and the staff are absolutly awesome, with a 24hr reception they look after your every need or request as if you are royalty. We recieved a free upgrade from a smaller room to a fully equipped 1 bedroom room, which was fantastic. They provide a free buffet breakfast that you enjoy while sitting around the pool! The hotel is old however they have renovated alot of things and are continuing to do this still and everything is immaculatly clean! I travelled around the world and have stayed in many hotels including big chain names, and have never recieved the service i did at The Magic Castle Hotel...Go see for yourself!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and friendly staff Absolutely fantastic hotel, went there for Christmas and new year a couple of years ago. Staff are so friendly and polite. Hotel was spotless and rooms were amazing , like our own apartment. Would definitely recommend it!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel and great location All of the reviews we read before we left were true. This hotel had a great location; down the street from Chinese Theatre, Kodak Theatre and subway link to universal studios. It was also a short drive to beverly hills, sunset blvd, century city and Farmers Market. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and accommodating and rooms were clean. If staying in LA again we would definitely stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LAtoLVTraveler
<Content>Magic Castle O.K. We stayed two nights at the Magic Castle. The staff was incredible!! They were so helpful and pleasant. The continental breakfast was awesome.We had a small room which was nice and had Tangerine Bath Bloomers lotions and shampoos. There had very noisy guests in the next room. The soundproofing was not so good however the staff compensated for our restless night.The hotel is in the best spot for walking to the Graumann's Chinese Theater and Kodak theater, walk of fame, etc. The metro is very close and you can go to Universal Studios with one stop.The Yamashiro Restaurant is so great and someone will drive you up from the hotel and pick you up when you're done. Look for celebrities at the restaurant and check out the awesome view.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent and magic Very nice and helpful staff. A charming and magic hotel. The very best recommendation from a satisfied norwegian family of four.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yankdo
<Content>Magic Castle What a Find! Just came back from a 4 night stay at Magic Castle Hotel - What a great stay! Everything about the hotel starting with my first call to book a room and get info was surprisingly pleasant. I can't say enough good things. Really! We arrived in the rain Feb 22 (umbrellas were provided in the lobby) and were given a first floor 1 bedroom apartment (they remembered that I had my 88 yr old Mom with me and I was travelling with my 11 yr old girl and 15 yr old son (a.k.a. The Bickersons) and needed plenty of room and 2 TV's! The room (really a 1 bedroom apt) was huge with so much storage space we couldn't use all the closets! Yes the apartment was older but ours was clean and everyone was so very nice and helpful that any wear and tear should just be considered shabby chic.The breakfast was great. The best croissants ever (Sat AM we had pain au chocolat better than Paris). We had the fortune/misfortune to be in Hollywood for the Oscars. The traffic was horrendous (Hollywood Blvd was blocked off due to security which made driving a challenge but the front desk staff helped me plot different routes to accommodate my mom visiting relatives by car. Most importantly for me as a woman travelling alone with kids and elderly person I felt very safe and completely at ease at this little gem of a hotel. Others have said it many times before but you just cannot beat the location of this hotel. It is close to all the touristy things and so easy to catch tours around town or do the funky museums around Hollywood Blvd. The Hollywood/Highland complex has lots of eating places and there are loads of places to go within walking distance. I am not sure if the staff reads these reports but a special thank you to Shawn at the front desk, I hope they pay you well because you really are an asset to Magic Castle!I could go on and on but I do want to say Thank you TripAdvisor because the Magic Castle really made our trip enjoyable and I really would never have picked it out randomly without all the great truthful reports.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Location! I chose this hotel based on three things: location, access to the Magic Castle Club and TripAdvisor reviews. Keep in mind this is not a luxury hotel. Never mind the Wolfgang Puck coffee and Bath Bloomers toiletries. As its rating suggests, this is not a luxury hotel. However, the staff is very friendly and attentive and you can't beat the great location. As noted in previous user reviews, it is walking distance to many Hollywood attractions and the Metro. Unfortunately, the rain prevented us from seeing/using the hotel to its best advantage. Given the weather, we chose not to swim or use our balcony although other guests did. We were given a one-bedroom suite in the back on the third floor which appears not to have been redone. While the decor was tired, we appreciated the space, spending more time inside than we had anticipated due to the rain. Ask for another room if you cannot climb stairs. Everyone raves about the continental breakfast, which I would rate as average. Again because of the rain, we were unable to eat outside next the the pool (which ended up almost overflowing and had to be drained at the end of the weekend) and had to carefully make our way back to the room balancing our trays while climbing two flights of stairs. Staying at the hotel would have been easier in sunny, dry weather! The bottom line is that if you are looking for a hotel room under $200 with lots of space in a great location this is the hotel for you.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not your average hotel room I've stayed at this hotel twice, the first time with a group of girls for our friend's bachelorette party. The location was great, the staff was fine (though, admittedly, we were not that demanding of them), and the suite was huge. Also, we like the '50s/'60s-era feel and the fact that we weren't in another cookie-cutter chain. The location is also wonderful. I look forward to my next trip back to the Magic Castle.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HollywoodMike
<Content>5 Star Service!! My family and I recently stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel! The minute I walked in the lobby, I felt at home. Checking in was easy and painless! The front desk agents were all friendly, walked us to our room and they explained everything about the hotel. Within walking distance to all the major Hollywood atractions, this hotel is ideal. Our room was spacious. We got a 2 bedroom suite with a ktichen. This was great! The breakfast is great! Juice, great scones, cereals and fruit! We ate out by the pool and even met another family that was staying there. This is not your typical hotel. If you are looking to be treated well, you must check this place out. We came back from a long day and was suprised to see our beds were turned down with chocolate on our pillows! Overall, great stay! I wanted to say a special thanks to Gretchen and Mike, who planned out our entire stay! Thanks again! If ever in LA, we will make sure we will stay here!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magic Castle is the place to stay I did lots of research before booking accomodation in LA, and based on what I had read on the reviews here, decided to base myself at the Magic Castle Hotel. The hotel did not disappoint. The location, for starters is hard to beat. About 5 minutes walking distance from Hollywood Blvd and all the major attractions like Kodak Theatre, Hollywood and Highland, Manns Chinese Theatre - making it was very convenient to drop in and out of the hotel during the day. The hotel itself - the size of the suite is just amazing, it was much more like living in an apartment then in a hotel room. There was a kitchen (complete with oven, microwave, full sized fridge, cutlery), dining table, pull out sofa, bath room, bedroom and the overall living room space was very spacious. The breakfast every morning was great, an assortments of cereals, pasteries, drinks and fruits that you can eat out by the patio area near the pool or take back to your room.The staff were also top-notch. Friendly, and always willing to answer questions at any time or provide assistance, they know how to deliver the best customer service!Lastly, if you don't have a laptop to make use of the wireless internet connection at the hotel, there is also an Internet kiosk available for use at the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved this little hotel! We just got back from a stay at this hotel and it is the best! It is in a great location - a very short walk to the chinese theatre, the kodak theatre, the metro system and the hollywood and highland complex (which had lots of restaurants). The staff was the best staff we have ever had in a hotel. Any question that we had, they would have the answer for us right away, they were so helpfull! The manager even came and asked us on the last day of our stay how everything was - how nice! There were 13 of us who stayed at the hotel in three units. We had two, two bedroom units and a one bedroom unit. They were all newly renovated nicely and very clean. The beds were comfy with lots of pillows and a nice duvet. They even turned down our beds for us at night! The continental breakfast was good, the pastries were excellent! We ate our breakfast outside everyday by the pool. The price to stay there was very reasonable. This hotel would be my first choice if I ever return to Los Angeles! It is in a great location, has great staff and is very clean! It is a little jem!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, very clean and nice This hotel is located just up the street from the Kodak theater/shops. The staff at the hotel was WONDERFUL. They upgraded our room at no extra cost and allowed us to check in and check out at very odd times (3am/1am) with no hassle whatsoever. The parking is underground, which concerned us given that our vehicles were large (F250 long bed pick-up and an Expedition) but they worked that out with us too and reserved special parking spots underground so we could fit. They even gave my husband the security guard's parking spot for his truck! The room was beautifully remodeled and very clean. It had a spacious kitchen, a huge sitting room, dining room, bedroom and bath. The heated pool was also clean and had several guests swimming in it all day and into the evening hours. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Service My husband and I and our three children stayed at the Magic Castle from December 30-January 2, 2005. We had a one bedroom suite and found it to be old, but clean with lots of pillows and fluffy comforters. I loved having the use of the guest laundry and one of the front desk folks even went so far as to go home in a rain storm and bring back dryer sheets when I asked if they had any available for purchase! The pool was located in a nice courtyard. We didn't get to use it because of the rain and the temperature, but it looked clean and inviting. The continental breakfast served in the lobby was very nice. The coffee was very good (I heard someone say it was Wolfgang Puck coffee) and the pastries and breads were fresh. They also had some fresh fruit (apples and tangerines) and a good assortment of juices, tea and hot chocolate. The location of the hotel is great. It is located on a quiet street off of Hollywood Blvd. It has easy access to the Metro station as well as major freeways. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Australia07
<Content>Loved the Magic Castle We stayed at the Magic Castle from December 25 to 27, and couldn't have been happier. We were immediately upgraded to a one bedroom suite, my sister was upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite. Whilst the rooms are certainly basic, they have everything you need and are quite comfortable, with very comfortable beds. The hotel was originally an apartment building, and retains that homely feel. The staff could not have been more helpful, answering any of our questions and assisting wherever possible. The breakfast in the lobby was simple, but ample, and each evening there was hot cider and cookies in the lobby. The location is perfect, you feel like you are in a suburban oasis, yet 2 minutes walk down the street and you are in the heart of Hollywood. It is close to transport, shops and restaurants.Overall, if you want something fancy, don't stay here. However if you want a comfortable hotel, with exceptionally friendly staff in an excellent location, this is the place for you. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cambriant
<Content>Great Location but average hotel room... We stayed at Magic Castle from 21-26th December. First of all, I must say that the hotel was really conveniently located to most of all the attractions. Barely 1 block from Hollywood Boulevard, 5 minutes drive from Universal Studio, 15-20 min drive to downtown and close to Getty Center. Since it was our first time in LA, and I'm usually not too good with car rides, it was really great that everything was close in proximity. The hotel room was alright. It was clean, but the house cleaning wasn't too thorough. Shampoo supplies were never replenished during the 5 night stay we were there. Cups that we used to make hot drinks were never washed. The room wasn't the newest, but it was clean. Not that big, but considering the terrific location, it was great. If you are planning on staying at the Magic Castle, I would strongly recommend spending an additional $20 for a one bedroom apartment. I caught a glimpse of the apartment from time to time, and it seemed so much newer and spacious, and more inviting. We were trying to save some money, but kinda wished we had spent that additional $20/night. Apart from that, hotel staff were really friendly and helpful. Continental Breakfast (Croissants, muffins, scones, toast from a local bakery) is actually self service, available in the small lobby. I love the croissants, but they seem to run out pretty early in the morning. But all in all, it was a great stay. I would stay there again, for the excellent location, but would definitely fork out the extra money to get a one bedroom apartment.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exquisite service!!! When I made reservations for The Magic Castle, one main item on my mind was making sure my 18 month old son was comfortable. I was quickly put at ease by the charmingly wonderful staff at The Magic Castle. They made sure I had a portable crib and other necessary items for traveling with a small child. And when we arrived at the hotel, we were surprised with the most thoughtful idea imaginable - Richard, the reservations specialist, went shopping for baby food and stocked our kitchen full of jars!!!! Now...what other hotel would go to such great lengths to make their guests feel special! THANK YOU TO THE ENTIRE STAFF FOR A MEMORABLE AND SPECIAL VACATION!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room  Had a lovely time at the Magic Castle...very large room. The staff were courteous and friendly and anticipated our every need. We will stay again!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>costaltraveler
<Content>My new home in LA I cannot think of a place where I would rather stay while in LA. I felt like I owned a little apartment rather than rented a room. The property was well cared for, the apartment was newly redecorated and had more ammenties than my own home. The staff was on duty 24/7 and we felt that they truly wanted to add to the positive experience of our stay in any way they could while being pleasant and not intruding on our privacy. I could go on and on but need only say WELL DONE  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HIGHLY recommended! After reading excellent reviews for the hotel on this site, we booked a double suite requesting a street view. On arrival, despite arriving hours before the check-in (7am), we were provided with our room and invited to enjoy the complimentary breakfast of freshly baked pastries, cereal, toast, fresh fruit, juices and coffee. The room was huge! With one king size bed in the living room and another in a separate room we slept like babies!! The bathroom was small but clean and the fridge in the kitchen was great for keeping drinks and left-overs cold. We would especially like to mention Sean who was soooo helpful with everything including printing out bus schedules and routes for us, and Lorianne who gave us tips on where to spot the stars. Most of all with no car, the location - just one street away from Hollywood Blvd - was worth the cost of the room alone. We could walk to the Hollywood and Highland subway station if we wanted to travel somewhere but so many attractions are right on the Blvd - including the movie premiere we saw!! We totally recommend staying here to all travellers!!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for the money We stayed at the Magic Castle for 3 days and it was fantastick. We stayed in a lovely updated room. We had two kids with us, so having a big place with an extra room was a great treat. Especially since we had all just spent 5 days in Disneyland in a hotel room... The staff was courteous and very helpfull. The breakfast was what we expected fruit, juice, coffee, muffins. The pool and all the facilities were very clean. For the money you just can't beat it.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JessicaG
<Content>MAGIC CASTLE IS MAGICAL!!! We stayed at the Magic Castle on October 26-29 on the last leg of what was a California Adventure for 4 women. When we arrived late, we were greeted with a very hospitable staff. Our luggage was whisked away to our room, (which was an upgrade)! These rooms are huge and in apartment style. The price was right on and the location was fabulous. The staff was very helpful giving us pointers to enhance our trip. The rooms are very clean and there are aroma therapy products in the bathroom, a very nice touch! Also, if you must wash clothes (on vacation?), you have an opportunity to do so in the coin operated laundry on the premises. I recommend this hotel. You won't be disappointed! Thank you Magic Castle for a great birthday trip...We won't forget you!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! Great Staff! Great Time! Magic Castle Hotel in Hollywood is now our home away from home. The rooms are larger than mine at home. Employees are great! Always a smile! So courteous and helpful! Didn't get a new room, but my room was great! Had a balcony so I can smoke since its a non smoking hotel. Its nice that my room didnt stink like old smoke. Breakfast was free and great too! Try the scones! All I can say is, if you are looking for a great LA getaway, check this place out! You won't be dissapointed.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pukeko
<Content>Great spot Great location above Hollywood Boulevarde, we would walk down to there every night for dinner. We stayed at the Hollywood Hills Hotel, great views and very quiet, away from all the hustle and bustle. Housekeeping let the side down though, no toiletries in the apartment when we arrived, not even soap, these were supplied promptly when asked for. We had no coffee pot when we went to make coffee in the morning, and had no plug for the sink to was the dishes that housekeeping never washed. Dont let this stop you going there though, as the location is great and the rooms are clean and have a great view, management were fantastic (have probably fixed housekeepng problems already) the pool is fantastic, can definately recommend this one!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stefanovas
<Content>Excellent hotel!! we would certainly stay here again" We spend 8 nights at the 鈥淢agic Castle Hotel鈥? Our room was not overlooking the pool, room 305. We had no trouble with noise from the street. Our room was normal size. The bathroom too. Everything was very clean. We want to say a good word for the great job of the people at the reception: Mike, Nick en Gretchen were always very friendly and helpful (they also booked for us a studio tour). They are really doing a great job over there. The staff were amongst the most helpful and friendly we have ever come across anywhere. A few mins walk to Hollywood Blvd, subway, restaurants etc.. Great breakfast served in the lobby (pastries, coffee and cereals) that you can take to your room or sit and enjoy around the pool. You are given a key to open the electronic gate into the underground garage. You get a coffee pot, fridge, and iron in the room. Internet access in the lobby (10 min. for 2 dollars). It was an excellent hotel, in a super location, and we would certainly stay here again on our next trip to LA.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>MCH and Hollywood Hills Hollywood Hills Hotel  Magic Castle Hotel are run by the same people. Walking distance to Mann's Chinese and Hollywood Blvd. Walk of Fame. Check-in at MCH lobby. Gated parking is $8. The HHH is at the top of the hill, across from Yamashiro Japanese restaurant. MCH at bottom of hill, across from the famous Magic Castle. Great views on top at HHH; there's a big, quiet pool up there too but it needs a new pool floor. MCH pool is much smaller  less private but newer/better maintained.My first room at HHH had a fantastic view but carpet and chairs were worn and stained. I asked to be moved to one of the newly refurbished rooms (improvement going on at both HHH  MCH). The staff was very understanding and immediately moved me to a new suite at the same price. Nice staff here, unlike some other uptight LA places.Continental breakfast served in MC lobby is great, but somewhat incovenient for HHH guests who must walk or drive down the hill. Not enough seating too.If you stay at either HHH or MCH, you get access to the Magic Castle next door, an extremely cool private club of magicians. Plan a night for dinner there-- wander around the club afterwards, it's awesome. Jacket/tie required for men.I'll be back!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great staff... We recently stayed here while honeymooning throughout the SW US.The room we received was at the back of the hotel and to be honest, it didn't seem like one of the newly-renovated ones. It was clean and spacious, but some very minor details, such as old carpet, suggest that it is yet to be renovated. Still, I couldn't really fault the room.I think it's basically the staff here that make the stay worthwhile. From the moment we arrived, they were very courteous, friendly and professional and always greeted us with a smile. Certainly a break from the norm in Hollywood.Hollywood itself is extremely seedy and we never felt totally safe there while walking at night. It's probably not too bad an area, but just be wary when out at night because the surroundings don't inspire confidence.If I ever had to stay in Hollywood again, I would choose the Magic Castle...  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best stay in Hollywood yet! We stayed at the Magic Castle September 24, 2004, and it was definitely for us. This was our third trip to Hollywood in 2 years and were pleasantly surprised with the outstanding service this hotel offered. We had a 1 bedroom suite that was extra large, clean and comfortable. We were in the back of the hotel where it was quiet as a Bridal Shower was going on while we were there and the staff was making sure all of the guests were taken care of. The staff accomodated us with a parking spot for our son who we were visiting on our stay. I could go on an on about this hotel. We loved it and would recommend it to anyone going to Hollywood who is looking for a smaller hotel that is clean, very accomodating and within walking distance to everything. Again the staff is excellent. Thank you, Magic Castle, Hollywood!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bmam
<Content>5 Star plus more!! The Magic Castle Hotel is fantastic! We stayed for 4 nights and loved every minute we were there. The staff are so energetic and helpful. Any query is fulfilled without fuss and with a smile.The hotel is in the middle of renovations but to no real discomfort. The room was spacious and clean, in a little need of an upgrade but when we visit there next time, I'm sure it'll be fabulous. A few mins walk to Hollywood Blvd, subway, restaurants etc..which is great. Great breakfast served in the lobby and lovely surroundings around the pool to sit and enjoy the pastries, coffee and cereals.Also visited Yamashiro restaurant behind the hotel. The meal was superb. We had a fantastic night. We will definately stay at the Magic Castle Hotel when we are next in LA!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>au175
<Content>Good hotel I initially stayed at this hotel 4 years ago and it was very impressive. I recently just come back from LA and stayed at Magic for 3 days and it was pleasant. It is now under new management and the reception area has been totally redone and it looks very nice.The swimming pool is brilliant, good size and clean. It is always quiet and you can enjoy a daily swim with the pool all to yourself. However the rooms are a bit dated and the furniture is in need of replacement but for the price you cannot complain. As for the previous review about the parking being $8 a day, this is totally untrue. Parking is free for all guests and you are given a key to open the electronic gate into the underground garage.All attractions are nearby. Hollywood walk of fame is a 5 minute walk and universal city is a 10 minute drive. For night life, the sunset strip is a 15 minute drive and must be checked out. And as for Santa Monica Beach  Venice Beach, these are about 30 40 minute drive from the hotel. This hotel is the perfect location for someone wanting to explore LA. Any questions please feel free to email me on au175@yahoo.co.uk  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Graysgirl
<Content>Excellent value, lovely staff Our family stayed in one of the two bedroomed suites with efficiencies earlier this month, and were delighted. It is very good value, near to all the Hollywood sights (2 minutes walk), but away from the noise and bustle. We cannot speak highly enough of the staff, who are delightful and who provide 5 star service in a 2 star rated hotel - bed turndown with chocs, loads of white towels appearing at the pool, lots of helpful suggestions on things to do and places to eat; the continental breakfast with amazing pastries and the sheer space of the suite; also plentiful secure underground parking at $8 a day. The hotel is in the course of renovation, as other Tripadvisor reviewers have noted, so during the day the hotel can be noisy, and our suite was in need of its update - but was pleasant and clean - much nicer than some well known chains. Also the pool is not heated. Overall we all agreed this has been the nicest place we have stayed in as a family for many years.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DMK0908
<Content>Decent hotel, great location We stayed at the Magic Castle a few weeks ago. First, I have to say it's in a GREAT location if you're a tourist. It's a block from the Chinese theater  Kodak theater, and also very close to restaurants, shopping, the Hollywood Bowl, etc. We were able to walk nearly everywhere we wanted to go, including to the tour we signed up for (recommended by the hotel). We were really happy with the location. As for the room, it was so much smaller than we expected! I guess this wasn't one of the refurbished rooms they show on the website? We didn't complain because we didn't plan on spending much time in the room. In fact, we didn't even get to use the pool (or sit out by the pool) because we were so busy. There were some families out by the pool who seemed to be enjoying themselves--it was a pleasant atmosphere. One great feature was that we were able to take our breakfast back to the room on a tray, so we could eat while planning our day. I would have liked more room to spread out (we had a lot of luggage, and kept tripping over our suitcases!), but that was my main complaint. The bathroom only had a small shower stall, but on the bright side they have really nice smelling soaps and shampoos! There is a nightly turndown service and they bring you clean towels and leave a chocolate on your pillow. I thought that was a nice touch. The staff was really helpful in answering our questions and suggesting tours. Everyone was really friendly, which helped to make our stay pleasant. We did eat dinner at Yamashiro restaurant one night, and while the food was good, you're paying for the view more than anything. You can get equally good Japanese food at less expensive restaurants. I would recommend this hotel if you're on a budget or traveling with children and want a hotel close to all the Hollywood attractions.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tazness
<Content>A great hotel       The enclosed pool areas, the apartments surround it :~)  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magic Castle The Magic Casle in LA was ok. The staff was very helpful however the rugs up to the hotel room on the stairs were old and could have used some cleaning, sames goes with the rugs in the room. Furniture was old however the rooms were large with little balcony over looked the pool area. I also attended the Magic Castle Magic show next door and loved it the food was also great  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Angelcalgary
<Content>Magic Castle Rocks!! We stayed at the Magic Castle in March of 2004, after having cancelled two previous reservations at a couple of other hotels in the area because of safety reasons. We stayed for a week and loved it. The rooms are not first class but they are clean and that's all that matters to me. I liked the apartment complex layout with balconies overlooking the heated pool. The staff was super friendly with advise on the area and helping us when we needed things (they lent us a corkscrew and utensils, etc.). We never made it to the club so next time that will be something to check out but I will definitely stay there again, that is of course if the price doesn't go up too much.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great base camp for exploring Hollywood and LA Location, Location, Location - only 1 block away from the Hollywood attractions, the location offsets many of the negatives, since parking around that part of LA is both difficult and, if your car is on the street, there's a good chance it will be broken into. We had a 2-bed suite - plenty of space and kitchen well kitted out, but I'd agree with the other reviews that the decor and quality of furnishings leaves a bit to be desired - needs new furniture and a coat of paint. Would stay there again since it's a central location from which to visit other parts of LA, the Getty, movie studios, etc. Great breakfast. Helpful and knowledgeable staff.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pay extra for the suite My wife and I spent a week here in June 2004. We originally booked a 'single' room for $99 p/n, but when we arrived we weren't happy with it. The furniture was old, the room overlooked the car park, and the bathroom wasn't particularly clean. We asked to look at one of the suites, and the difference was amazing. We instantly upgraded - OK, the price went up to $159 p/n, but it was definitely worth it. We had a big lounge/kitchen with oven, microwave, coffee machine etc, plus a much grander bedroom and bathroom and a front-facing balcony.The location is perfect for sightseeing - you can walk down to Hollywood or Sunset in minutes or quickly get on a road to the beach if you're driving.Parking is now $8 per day.Staff friendly and helpful, and there's also a nice (but small) pool in the centre of the facility.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The_Hubbards
<Content>This was a great place to stay. The room we stayed in was roomie and allthough we did not utilize all of the amenities we enjoyed our stay. We will keep your castel in mind on our next trip to the beautiful city of Hollywood. We really enjoyed the weather in California, in Arizona it's a blazing 100+. P.S. the room rates we great for the location!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>babla
<Content>Disappointed with our stay. We were not happy with our stay at the Magic Castle. When I booked the room, I requested a refurbished room. When we arrived at 10:00 PM, however, we were given a double king room that was awful. The carpet was extremely stained and the room smelled. We were given another room, which was a little better, but we had to move 6 suitecases across the courtyard and up 3 flights of stairs (there are no elevators). Not to mention my husband moved the roll-away bed to the new room all by himself because housekeeping was gone for the night. I suppose that if you get a refurbished room, your stay here could be pleasant. They did have a nice breakfast and a small, but decent, pool (no jacuzzi, though). The best feature is its closeness to Hollywood attractions. You literally are walking distance to the Chinese and Kodak theatre complexes.Unfortunately, we were stuck in an old, carpet-stained room with air conditioner units so loud we couldn't sleep at night. To their credit, the management gave us a reduced rate. However, we will not return here.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks Tripadvisor.com My wife and I stayed at the Hollywood Hills Hotel part of the Magic Castle on our recent vacation to California. Thanks to Tripadvisor it seemed like we had been there before. Every apect of the hotel was superb, from location-easy walk to Hollywood Blvd. attractions to the room with a balcony overlooking the hills and city  magnificent. The hotel staff was outstanding-they set up reservations at the Yamishiro-to allowing us to drive down the hill and park in the gargage at the Magic Castle when we walked to attractions. A great experience- thanks Tripadvisor and Magic Castle.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reasonable but in need of refurbishment! Stayed here for 3 nights in a 2 bedroom suite (2 king beds and 1 queen sofa bed). Having read the reviews on this site I decided to stay at the Magic Castle. However, given the reviews, the price and the other hotels I have stayed at on this trip I was pretty disappointed! First the negatives: phone and safe in my room did not work (although I was offered a new suite, but didn't take due to the large amount of lugguage we had. Instead, we got a discount on our room rate, which I thought was pretty good of them), there is no air conditioning in the bedrooms (fans only, although there is air conditioning in the living room), air conditioning in the living room is really really loud - can't sleep with it on, the room was really old - they definitely need some new furniture and the suite was really noisy (noise from other room's ac, all doors in the hotel slam - not good if you are not an early riser, noise from above apartment, noisey plumming. I did not sleep that well during my stay at the Magic Castle). Also the price is pretty expensive. However, there are a number of offsetting positives: great breakfast, staff are really helpful, parking is cheap (note there is now $8 parking charge per night), big suites, good kitchen, great location (very close to Hollywood Bl, also close to Freeway 101  Griffith park). On balance, would stay here again but would not be my first choice. This place is good for families or large groups.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient, Fun, and Customer Friendly I stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel to gain access to the Magic Castle CLUB. The club is a lot of fun, but exclusive to members and hotel guests. The Hotel was fantastic. The personnel were professional, friendly, and very accomodating. In fact, prior to checking out I went to the continental breakfast (very good) and the GM greeted me and brought me a fresh carafe of orange juice. The hotel offers turn down service, mini bar snacks (reasonably priced), and a great location for Hollywood nightlife. The room that I stayed in was recently renovated, and I was informed that a full renovation of the hotel will be completed before 2005. If you're coming to hollywood for the Magic Castle, Yamashiro, or to see the sights this is the boutique hotel where you should stay.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Barsar
<Content>A bit run down We stayed at the Magic Castle for four nights during mid May 2004. We booked after reading some of the reviews on this site.LocationPerfect for all the Hollywood attractions. It really is a five minute walk to Grauman鈥檚 Chinese Theatre. We also visited the Warner Bros Studio in Burbank, Beverley Hills and Venice Beach.ReceptionThe reception staff were terrific. They gave us a warm welcome and stressed how safe the area is and it was. They also gave us a lot of useful information about the area and were only too pleased to do some research on the internet for other information. They were great.GeneralWe stayed in the main building next to the Magic Castle Club. The public areas are well maintained and very clean. The hotel seems to have a huge number of staff given the fact that it seems quite a small property.I was surprised how quiet it was considering we were in the middle of Hollywood.RoomsAfter seeing some of the photographs on the website I was very disappointed by the room we had reserved. It was very small and looked run down. It was on the ground floor with the only window facing the street. After asking for a better room overlooking the pool I was offered a suite, which was a lot more expensive but I took it. The suite too was in bad need of new furniture and a coat of paint, though it was very large and the bed was comfortable.It鈥檚 worth noting that some of the windows were being replaced whilst we were there.BreakfastThis is included in the price and it was one of the best continental breakfasts we had. Fresh juice and coffee and the best croissants and pastries we had during out three week tour.ParkingUnderneath the hotel accommodation, secure and included in the room rate.You must鈥?br/> have dinner at the Magic Castle. The place looks like a set from a Harry Potter movie. After an excellent meal we saw all three of the magic shows. It was a great experience. The reception staff will make a reservation for you but be warned, you will need a jacket and tie!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Repainted old apartments, but still very nice Very mixed experience - it's 5 mins walk from Hollywood Blvd, and has free parking which is a life-saver. Very friendly and helpful, free breakfast and big rooms.The downsides - my room safe broke, locking my camera and spectacles inside it! The hotel staff couldn't have tried harder to fix it, and apologised profusely, but it still made for a very blurry evening!But the biggest downside is that it just all looks like an old apartment block that's had some paint and a few other new bits. It's clean but not new. Like so much of the Hollywood area, it feels like it's left over from the 30s/40s/50s and is only half-updated.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bit disapointed We had 3 nights in the double king room. with kitchen  2 TV's. The Staff were good but the room was old !!. we have been to the States 4 times in the past 8 years and I think this is the oldest lookin room we have had. location is OK   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great My friend and I stayed here at the beginning of April. We had a deluxe room which had two bedrooms with king size beds. We were first put in a room at the front but since it was so noisy we asked to move. They moved us straight away to the back and it was great. Really big rooms, staff really friendly and helpful. Definitely would recommend here.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>termoo
<Content>nice, homey place 4/12/04 - 4/14/04My 10-year-old daughter and I stayed here on a trip to Hollywood. The location was great--we could easily walk the couple of blocks down to Hollywood Blvd., Chinese Theatre, Hollywood  Highland Shopping District, etc. The hotel suite was nice--nothing too fancy, but not ratty either--but smelled like smoke. I called down to the front desk and they said all of their rooms were non-smoking. I asked why there was an ashtray on the kitchen table and he seemed surprised. I guess other guests must have smoked out on the balcony with the doors open. He offered to move us to a different room, but since the other room had not been recently renovated like ours had, we opted for airing it out. We left the windows open (nice that they OPENED!) for the rest of the day and that helped a lot. We had a TON of space with a separate bedroom with a huge closet, a living room area with a hide-a-bed and another closet, and a dining area and full kitchen, as well as a large, nicely appointed bathroom. There was a balcony that faced out onto Franklin Ave. I'd recommend asking for a room that has a balcony overlooking the pool instead. Everything was very clean, and all of the employees were extremely friendly. I liked the fact that the hotel used to be an apartment building--it gave it more of a homey feel than most hotels. The swimming pool was very warm, but there was no hot tub. Parking is underground in a locked garage; it's pretty small, so it was tricky maneuvering our car down there. However, we rarely used the car, so that wasn't a problem. Breakfast was homemade croissants, muffins and scones from a local bakery, as well as cereal, toast, danish, fruit juices, coffee, tea and milk. The tables are set up around the pool area. This is a great place for families, since you have a full kitchen and lots of space. I'd go back again!  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value The Magic Castle offers very good value. Our one-bedroom suite was enormous; it had a large kitchen, a small but adequate bathroom and 2 healthy a/c units. The continental breakfast was the best we have ever seen (good scones and muffins.) The parking garage was adequate. The hotel is located a block or so from a bustling area, but our room was perfectly quiet.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Staff, Location and Bargain We lodged at the Magic Castle Hotel from April 6th - 10th and we would definitely book reservations there again. The entire staff, day and night shift, were polite and gave reliable driving, walking and points of interests information. Our accommodations were comfortable, the room rate was affordable, and there is free parking and continental breakfast. You will love the location because the hotel is in walking distance to the Chinese and Kodak Theatres and it is conventiently located to US 101 and Highland Ave which intersects Hollywood Blvd, Sunset Blvd, Santa Monica and Melrose.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value and view We recently stayed at the Magic Castle Hotel based solely on the TripAdvisor.com reviews. While I was pleased with the hotel itself, it wasn't exactly what I expected. We stayed in the Hollywood Hills portion of the hotel. The set-up was unconventional - several sections of what seemed like short-term apartments. The view was great with a nice balcony; however, it was generally foggy/smoggy, so we couldn't see terribly far. It was nice to walk to the Hollywood attractions, though it was a bit tough trekking up and down the steep hill with two small children in a stroller. But good exercise! And watch out for the traffic on the hill at night going to and from the Japanese restaurant at the top. From the hotel's website, it looks very secluded, but it's right off the side of a busy street. The continental breakfast was great with freshly baked muffins and scones from a local bakery. I think my experience at the hotel may have been a bit tainted by the fact that Hollywood generally isn't my favorite place, particularly with two small children.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jane54
<Content>Good place to stay We spent 1 day/night here and I would recommend it to anyone who is not into 'frills' - it was clean, our room was large - king size bed in what used to be a 'living room' and a queen in the bedroom. It's definately a dated place. It was clean but not 'new' - The location was great for walking to Hollywood Blvd during the day. I went out after dark with my husband and felt okay, but it's not the kind of neighborhood I would have felt safe letting my teenagers go out by themselves after nightfall. The continental breakfast in the morning was very nice. Everything was fresh and delicious and we shared our table by the pool with a nicer older couple - but if you just want to take your food to your room, trays are provided. It's a great price, the staff was very, very nice and I would recommend it to anyone, but again, with the understanding this is not a 5 star, thick towels, marble and granite bathroom kind of place.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean  My husband and I spent 5 nights at the Magic Castle Hotel last week and we highly recommend it to anyone going to L.A. It's close to Hollywood  Highland, but it also wasn't a bad drive to the valley where our son lives. Our room was a single with a queen bed, dresser, tv, desk 2 nightstands and large closet with plenty of hangers for once. It was small, but how much room do you need? The front desk staff was excellent and couldn't have been nicer. The continental breakfast was ok. Cereal, muffins, apples and oranges, juices, coffee, tea, etc. Nothing special, but very nice and the muffins were tasty. The rooms are arranged around a lovely courtyard pool--think Melrose Place--as this was once an apartment building. The parking garage is small but we had no problems finding a space at various times a day. On days when we would be sight-seeing nearer our hotel than our son's apartment, they even let our son drive over and park in our space while we were out in the rental car. Our only problem was the maid. For some reason, she missed giving us wash cloths on 3 days. We got towels, but only one washcloth, and one day none! My husband had to go down to the desk to get them. But other than that minor inconvenience, everything was excellent and we would definitely stay there again. One other thing is the walls are a little thin and we could hear a family with a crying baby on the other side of ours. Our son had gone to check the place out before we booked, and he asked them to give us a room away from the street because he was afraid it would be too noisy. I'm not sure it would have been, but it was quiet except for the baby and that didn't really bother us. All in all, a very good hotel for the money. Our AAA rate was $89.10 a night, plus tax for a total of $507.85 for 5 nights. Also, as someone else said already, be sure to drive up to the Japanese restaurant on the hill behind the hotel. It's a beautiful view and it's just a pretty place. My husband hiked up there one morning for exercise. It's a bit pricey to eat there, and I don't care for sushi, so we didn't consider it, but it's lovely. We were up there around 10 pm and the valet let us park for a few minutes and look around. So don't be afraid to book a room at the Magic Castle. You'll be happy you did.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dex1964
<Content>Great stay at a Great Price   showReview(1563092, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great View of the City   showReview(1542101, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DJ_here
<Content>Great Value is Magic   showReview(1513400, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magic Castle suites are nice and big!   showReview(1342913, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great find!   showReview(1341737, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good   showReview(1227904, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location!!   showReview(1135491, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2003
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hollywood's Best   showReview(1107696, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vraff
<Content>Nice place   showReview(1099571, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JCA Hillman
<Content>It's the find of 2003   showReview(970547, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frank_od
<Content>S茅jour "Magique" !   showReview(23117306, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Annie-Francois
<Content>A r茅nover   showReview(21446487, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>nath18
<Content>Parfait a tout point de vue       le patiot-piscine  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Snowlolita
<Content>" Simplemente perfecto "   showReview(20300751, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel bien situ茅   showReview(20554373, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Viajera012
<Content>Muy buena situaci贸n   showReview(19818584, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>TEFAN
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(19619291, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Nusse
<Content>Simplemente genial   showReview(19133825, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super h么tel   showReview(18531567, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>the place to be in LA   showReview(17434967, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accueil fantastique   showReview(15567732, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kurzaufenthalt   showReview(11305930, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Minie1
<Content>Sehr gutes Preisleistungverh盲ltnis, super Service!   showReview(10070537, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage - Segen und Fluch - 3 Sterne? Eher nicht.   showReview(11440166, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(11493118, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TOSCANE
<Content>tr茅s bon emplacement   showReview(5550380, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr nettes Hotel   showReview(11329754, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

