<Author>john-montara
<Content>The night the lights went out in Honolulu I stayed here the night the lights went out in Oahau. They were helpful in getting you set up. The hotel staffing was light most had a fair attitude. The rooms were average for a three star hotel. This hotel is more along the lines of a Holiday Inn Express. The room price was also along those lines so it was a good value. Very easy walk to the beach and close to downtown. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>JasBrisbane
<Content>Room for imrovement       View from room  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>redneckjim
<Content>Fanastic Stay in Honolulu       View from Our Room  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Vacation Val
<Content>Wonderful, Wonderful....... My husband and I stayed at the Outrigger Luana Waikiki for 1 week mid-October. What a wonderful stay. We had stayed there previously before the Outrigger chain revamped it - and it was nice then too. Great centralized location, you can walk to Ala Moana or to Waikiki beach with ease. Diamond Head is a fair hike from here but still do-able. The hotel itself is very nice. Wonderfully maintained. Beautiful lobby - Hawaiian decor, clean, friendly desk staff, always an elevator waiting for you. The room itself was lovely - just like the pictures. We had a corner studio room c/w comfy queen bed w/storage underneath, sofa, table and 2 chairs, tile floor, A/C, t.v., internet, iron  small ironing board, fridge, large kitchen counter w/sink, dishes, cutlery, bathroom had a hairblower, small tub. Balcony had 2 wicker chairs and end table. The carved wooden Hawaiian lamps in the room are great - one is a man the other a woman both in hula poses. There was no toaster or microwave though but for $8 we picked a toaster up at WalMart and saved on breakfasts and lunches by having them in our room - not to mention the pounds we avoided gaining by not eating large meals 3 times a day. The pool was crystal clear, cleaned daily, had lots of pool chairs - towels at the front desk. They also have a very nice gym c/w 2 treadmills, eliptical, 2 exercise bikes, free weights and several weight machines. Overall, only 2 minor complaints. The shower could use a new shower head. A bit of street noise but was eliminated by the A/C running. Neverthe less, we'll be back!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sugarlandmommy
<Content>Eh...won't be back It was our first visit to Hawaii and really had no idea of where to stay. After looking at several hotels I narrowed it down to a few and ended up picking this one, but after our stay, I don't think we'll be back.PROS-location is excellent. just a few blocks from shopping, many good places to eat, nice green park next door, and beaches close by.-room size is good-rooms with kitchenette nice and convenience-quiet in the halls -pool,BBQ area, and work out area on site-room decor nice-really liked the toiletriesCONS-stayed in room with partial city view - NOISE WAS HORRIBLE. Every night could hear traffic, sirens, car alarms, etc...I don't know if rooms on the opposite side of the hotel are much better-if the outside noise didn't wake us up, the in room AC units would. When that sucker kicks in, IT IS LOUD-every time I got in the shower I could smell mold. I actually cleaned some off the shower curtain, but smell still lingered-staff were not that nice. I think only twice were we greeted when we entered the bldg-parking $18/day and only 1 elevator would access the garage so you hoped that would be the one that would stop on your floor when you wanted to leave-first day and a half only one elevator worked. I climbed to and from the 14th floor a total of 5 times each wayIf you're willing to spend a little more I think it'd be well worth it. Stay in the area, but off of this main street.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>maniacmich
<Content>Ok but no honeymoon code We chose this hotel specifically because the online description said to quote a particular code if we wanted a honeymoon upgrade. When we checked in, we asked about the code and were informed that there was no such thing. When we complained, we were told that perhaps the code was useful at one of the other Outrigger locations. Upsides included cleanliness, full kitchen, good value; downsides (aside from no honeymoon code) included lots of street noise for the city or mountain view room we had and the parking isn't free. The parking garage is also narrow and the exit onto a busy street is tricky, so beware if you are bringing a large vehicle. Overall, I probably would stay here again but I am kind of annoyed that the honeymoon upgrade was not available as advertized.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>MLB7
<Content>Great deal in Waikiki This was my first trip to Hawaii and the Outrigger Luana was a great hotel/condo. I booked a city view with kitchenette. All the kitchen amenities you could ask for. Very nice pool with cabanas if the sun gets to be too much. They even have a barbeque area if you feel like getting some fresh fish from the market (highly recommended). The staff is very friendly and accommodating, still allowing me access to the garage and a shower room 8 hours after I checked out. The $18/day for parking is a little steep, but if you want to get out and explore life beyond Waikiki, it is great to have this hotel at the beginning of the main strip. Their Tour Desk was not open (probably because I went off season), but the front desk put me in touch with the tour desks at the other Outriggers in Waikiki, who were happy to make arrangements. The beach is only a five minute walk away, so why anyone would pay upwards of another $100/night to be right on the beach is beyond me!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jam1139
<Content>Enjoyed it all       The view from our room  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>miller_stu
<Content>Great room, free vacation Very impressed with this hotel. I attended a 4 day training class and trip was paid for by the company. The class was relatively easy and left me AMPLE time to enjoy this hotel and other sights. I was on the seventh floor, with a view overlooking the main strip (ala moana blvd) and had a great partial view of the ocean and Waikiki from the balcony. Two queen size beds, which if I dig deep, would be my only complaint; I found the bed to be too soft. BUT this is minor! Room was very clean, with sink and seperate bathroom with sink as well. It had a small refridgerator and service was sublime! John the night clerk recommended a most excellent pub when I arrived late in the evening (The Yard House, 130 beers on tap!) Tired and a little razzzeled from Honolulu's slightly confusing maze of streets, John knew the look and instantly recommended the place. Outstanding! Service was well maintained on all levels! The hotel front is located right on the Ala Moana and within easy reach of everything you want...shopping during the day, nightlife, and Waikiki is but a couple blocks. Not directly on the beach, but who cares...outstanding facility!Another person who attended the class had a slightly different room on the 6th floor, with king bed, and overlooking the park (no ocean view). He did however have a two burner stove and microwave in the room, which mine did not. But I did not care, I enjoyed some fabulous food at other places.Parking is available; however I am not sure if they charge for this or not. As I said, company paid the bill. I had G2 parking with my own slot assigned. My companion had G1 parking and did not have a specific spot assigned. He did try to park within G2 one night, but received a notice not to park there again, only on G1. So G2 may cost more to park.And if you like Ribs, Tony Roma's is a block up the street on the opposite side and a good Thai Restaurant, Keos is located directly across. 'nuff said, enjoyed my time at Waikiki! Brilliant hotel!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CPDHLondon
<Content>Another Fantastic Stay       View from Lanai  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ptklee
<Content>An Enjoyable Stay This was our first visit back to Oahu since 1975. A lot has changed. We booked a week at the Luana. It was everything the other travellers had wrote. Check in was easy and friendly. We had a corner room on the 5th floor. The view thru the kitchen window of the Derussy Park was gorgeous as was the city view from the balcony. The unit was spotless. Daily maid service was excellent. The pool was great. However, non-swimmers will not like it as there is not much of a shallow end. The best part was the location. Easy walking distances to the beach, the Marketplace and shopping at the Ala Moana shopping centre. The only negative was the air conditioner. It was a bit noisy, so we just shut it off just before we went to bed. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would return next time we visit Waikiki.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>StewartSky
<Content>A Little Known Gem in Waikiki This was our third stay at The Outrigger Luana Waikiki, and it just keeps getting better. This 16 story CondoHotel is sparkling clean, reasonably priced, and wonderfully staffed with helpful people. Rooms are good sized, attractive, well provisioned (many have full kitchens with glassware, cutlery, tableware, etc.), and have beautiful views.The Outrigger Luana Waikiki is located adjacent to the only large park left in Waikiki, and is within a short walking distance of the best shopping and famous Waikiki Beach.Definitely a little known gem in this ever expanding city. As my lovely wife says, This is the only way to visit Waikiki!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RARAustin
<Content>Was more than impressed! I needed to book a hotel pretty quickly for a 2 week stay and my agent booked the Luana for me.From the moment I drove up in my rental car, I was greeted warmly. I was upgraded without even asking to a nice room with a kitchenette and a great view. The kitchen came with more utencils and flatware than I needed which was great. My luggage didn't make it with me on the plane and after I checked in and went to get something to eat, the luggage was in my room safe and sound.The fee for parking is a little outrageous, but luckily because of my Military ID, I was able to park at Fort Derussey for $6 or $7 a day.The staff was courteous the entire time and very helpful with advice. The room, when I requested it, was impeccably clean. The location was fanatastic, in walking distance of everything in Waikiki and not too far from H-1. I'd wake up and go on a run to Kapahulu and back which was a good distance.The pool was gorgeous. It was a great alternative when I didn't want to mess with getting sand on myself or with the large crowds.My only complaint would be the rusted weights in the work-out room. I expect to come back to Oahu for the same exercise next year and I will request to stay here again.Thanks so much to the staff for being so wonderful!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Ge_Nets
<Content>Great Secret Great little secret in Waikiki. I always try to book this place during my business trips. It is very convenient having a small kitchen in the room.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>JLW05
<Content>You Get What You Pay For I booked this hotel after reading very positive reviews on this site. For the first two days of our vacation, we stayed at a sister property - The Outrigger on the Beach and were very satisfied. I arrived at the Luana with high expectations. I knew that the rate was $70 less per night than I had paid at the Outrigger on the Beach but felt that I had previously paid a premium for staying at an oceanfront hotel. When I arrived at the Luana, I was a bit taken aback by the unimpressive lobby. It is very, very small. The staff was very friendly. I arrived very early as we had just disembarked from a cruise and I was immediately given a room. I went upstairs to my room and noticed that the halls were very warm. I entered my room and it was OK - on par with a Quality Inn or Best Western. The walls had no wallpaper but were covered in a textured paint as was the ceiling.I had tons of kitchen cabinets - most of them empty and a fridge. No microwave or stove so I have no idea why anyone would need so many cabinets. Didn't really matter as I hadn't planned on eating in anyway. The bedcovers were clean as was the room but looked like they had been washed more than a few times. The remote for the television was actually cracked and the lid to the battery compartment kept falling off. The bathroom was very small and when I looked in the tub there was some sort of small spider. Later, when I went to shower, the water was rust colored and I had to let it run a while. My air conditioner was very noisy. Turned on and off constantly and loudly. The location was nice during the day - a 10 -15 minute to the beach. I went to the beach near the Hilton Hawaiin Village. Since chairs by the Hilton were expensive to rent, I walked a few blocks down the beach and was able to rent beach chairs for considerably less. There is a nice coffee shop on Ala Moana Blvd across from the Hilton. Very crowded for breakfast. At night, I felt the area was less crowded than by the International Market Place and I was nervous about walking about. I am not saying that the area was unsafe but I just didn't feel comfortable walking around the immediate vicinity of the hotel at night.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>kas2337
<Content>Good location if you don't have to walk out your door onto sand       Ocean view from our room  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Cksm06
<Content>Great place to stay! We stayed at the Luana for a week this past May. I have to say that we were pleasantly surprised. We had a one bedroom condo for 3 adults and 2 small children. They were very accommodating and did not require us to book a 2 bedroom due to the fact that we had 5 people total. They took the fact that we had a 2 and 5 year old into consideration and said it was no problem. This was a problem with other condos. Check in was quick and pleasant. Bell man was very friendly and gave us directions to the nearest grocery store. The condo was very clean and modern. Kitchen was wonderful with granite countertops, fairly new appliances, plenty of dishes, pots and pans, glass ware, etc. The bedroom was large enough to fit a rollaway without being too constricting. There was a large walk-in closet with a safe. The bathroom was big enough and clean. The couch bed was fine, my father had no complaints. We did use the laundry facility with was sufficient. Overall we were very pleased. We had been to Waikiki in 07 and stayed at another hotel where the room was tiny, the bathroom floor was old and stunk, and the staff could care less. At the Outrigger Luana it couldn鈥檛 be better. The price is great, staff is very friendly, and the condo was fantastic. As for the location we didn鈥檛 have a problem at all. We were able to walk all the way to the Ala Moana Mall and in the opposite direction to the International Market Place with no problem. It took us a day to figure out a good beach for the kids that was within walking distance. We found if you walk out of the hotel and head towards the gas station, turn left at the park (immediately after you pass the gas station), head towards the ocean, cross the street at the light and turn right. The first side street you come to turn left. Walk all the way down and you will be in front of the Hilton Hawaiian Village which has a really nice beach and the waves are fairly calm for little kids. It sounds far but my 5 year old walked it twice everyday with no problem. There is also a nice patio restaurant there that serves burgers and sandwiches. We really enjoyed our vacation much more this time around because we had a pleasant place to stay. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HeavyTraveler
<Content>Nothing but the best! I don't usually gush about hotels but this one is gushable. Luana means live in comfort and we sure did. Great room with full kitchen, fridge, Flat screen TV (even tho we were out most days) since this location is at the start of Waikiki. From our balcony we could see Diamond head and the Atlantis subs out at sea. And it overlooks a 66 acre park. The Beach walk is 2 blocks and you can't believe the list of big name stores that line the street just outside. It looks like Rodeo drive, too rich for me but fun to stroll and window peek. I would move to Hawaii if I could live at the Luana.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DimMSFT
<Content>A great place to stay This is the third time I am staying at Outrigger Luana and I am very happy that I to have found this place when I came to Hawaii for the first time.The place is always very clean and proper (and new).The hotel faces a lush green park, unlike many other hotels in Waikiki where you would often see a grey wall of the next door hotel from the window of your room. The walk to the ocean is very pleasant, especially when there are a lot of flowers in bloom (pretty much always in Hawaii).This time around, I found that they have added a free internet in every room (which might be a good or a bad thing, considering how many things you can see here if you don't waste too many hours browsing around). Overall, I would highly recommend this place. It may not necessarily be the cheapest one you may find in Waikiki, but it is totally worth your money.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>winniesgirl
<Content>All around great hotel We stayed at the Outrigger Luana Waikiki for 1 week, and the entire stay was fabulous! Right from the moment we checked in - we were upgraded to a deluxe ocean view 1 bedroom from the city/park view 1 bedroom and what a beautiful room. And not only that when we got to our room, as requested the baby crib and high chair were already in the room, which usually we have to call and ask for. The room was very clean, the maid service was excellent. All the staff were very friendly and helpful - especially the girls at the hotel information travel desk. The location was equally great - the beach is a short walk thru Fort DeRussy Park, and the beach there is very nice and not to busy. There is also a bus stop right across the street of the hotel as well as a ABC store and it is very close to the lively beachwalk and lots of great shopping. After seeing some of the other hotels and properties I was considering I was very happy with the location of the Luana. The other amenities at the property were also great - the pool area is very nice, cabanas and lounge chairs. The pool was never to busy and the water temperature was perfect. There was a BBQ area as well with 2 gas BBQ's (no charge) that we used quite often during our visit. They were kept extraordinarily clean - they must scrub them down every day! There were also tables and chairs by the BBQ area to eat there as well. There are coin Laundry facilities and a very nice fitness center. We absolutely loved our room, from the lanai we could see the fireworks that the HIlton puts on every friday and the view was to die for, how sad to come home and look out the window at our boring view of the neighbours back yard! The bedroom was huge and also had a lanai and the bathroom was very clean. The kitchen - we had a full kitchen - was fantastic! All the appliances were top notch. It was a godsend to have such a nice kitchen with 2 small children. And also in room internet was provided at no charge. I just cannot say enough nice things about this hotel and would definitely stay here again when we travel to waikiki again. The only thing missing in my opinion is a hot tub in the pool area.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tripann
<Content>wonderful service spent one night here, as we waited to board a late flight home. The room was very bright and modern. Had full kitchenette, which we were not able to use, unfortunately. Very roomy. Quiet, even though we were near elevators. The walk through the park to the beach is very nice.Hotel staff were extremely helpful 2nd day as we waited on a late flight out of Honolulu. Let us keep car in garage all day for free, held our luggage securely, and allowed us to change out of beach clothes and into flight clothes. Romantic wonderful meal at Orchids Restaurant.enjoyed walking Levers street at night with torch lit sidewalks.Buy your souveniers at the Aloha Stadium Swap Market on Wed./ Sat./ or Sun. Prices better than street vendors.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TLNewYork
<Content>Nice hotel Nice hotel at reasonable price. Employees were very helpful and welcoming. Hotel is centrally located, but in a quiter block which was nice. Some mold in bathroom shower, but rest of room appeared clean. I would recommend taking bus to Hanuamana Bay for snorkeling. Oahu is a beautiful place.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Type-A_Planner
<Content>Not the worst hotel... but not the best My husband and I decided to stay at the Outrigger our first night in Hawaii - assuming we would be tired from a long flight and trying to adjust to the time change. We had some trouble finding the hotel - drove by it a couple times before realizing the correct entrance. The location of the hotel is great - it's right by several good restaurants and shopping. The staff was very friendly - checking-in and out wasn't a problem.We were not very happy with the room we were given - first floor, right on top of the road. The room was missing an element of luxury that other hotels in the area have. In fact, later in our trip we stayed at another hotel in Waikiki for $25 more per night and were much happier. The Outrigger isn't a bad hotel - the room was clean, TV worked fine, bathroom was comfortable. But once we compared it to another hotel in a similar price-range, we were convinced we'll stay in the other hotel next time.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ytfalcon
<Content>Okay Although other review sites, including who we booked with show moderate to high ratings (3 stars or higher), it was less than expected or described in our package. We should of had a kitchette, but only had a partial kitchette. Had a small regrigerater, sink, dishes and coffee pot, but no small microwave to warm/heat up food or beverages. Bathroom did not have a fan. Our room was close to road, so a lot of traffic noise if had door open. Noisy A/C unit. Had a rental car which cost $18.00 per day...no mention of paying for parking in our package. (maybe mentioned elsewhere)On the other hand, we did see some beautiful rainbows almost every day! The pool was nice. The walk to the beach wasn't too bad especially via the park. Nice coffee shop.Our overall stay in O'ahu was wonderful. Would return again, but not sure would stay at the Luana.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>charebear
<Content>Worst experience ever! This is honestly one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had in my life. We are a young couple in our mid 20's who enjoy traveling alot and are not difficult people to deal with. However, this one is truly a hotel experience to remember forever. I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Outrigger Luana and booked it through Travelocity, which I will also never do again. So before booking this hotel, we read great reviews about it on Trip Advisor and searched for the lowest rate. It turned out that Travelocity had the best rate because the site clearly stated that there was Free Parking at the hotel. Since most hotels in the Waikiki area charge $15 to $25 a night for parking, we decided to book it with Travelocity. To ensure that Free Parking was a guarantee, we even called the Customer Service number and was confirmed by one of the staffs that Parking was included for free.When we got there, the hotel manager told us that parking was $18/day even tho we had the confirmation printed out with a print screen saying that Free Parking was included as one of the amenities. She told us that they never had free parking even tho it stated on our reservation. So she called Travelocity on the spot when we tried checking in and they said that they don't have free parking stated on their site. Turns out that Travelocity updated their site since we booked it 2 months ago and deleted the free parking. The manager then insisted that she would try to figure out how the Free Parking even got there in the first place. At one point, they were even trying to accuse us of modifying the confirmation even tho we had a print out of it! Can you believe that? First of all, why the would you ever put your guests in this situation where you have doubts on how the confirmation turned out. I thought that was extremely unprofessional of them and was highly disappointed. We also felt so uncomfortable staying there because all the staff knew that we were the ones who had the parking issue and was not too friendly to us. Anyhow, they really ruined the reputation for the Outrigger chain hotel. If I were them, I would just easily have taken care of the $90 parking especially when we had the confirmation printed out and was so upset over it. I thought overall it was so unfair and that it was a false advertisement. Bottom line is regardless if it's Travelocity's fault or not, they should just cover it and somehow try to get reimbursement with Travelocity and not inconvenient the guests by making us call and contact Travelocity directly. This was our vacation! We did not have to even deal with this! If it wasn't for the parking mess, I might stay here again. But because of it, I rather stay somewhere else where it's closer to the beach and provide me with better customer service. Enough said, just never again at this hotel! Awful experience!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RunningTourist
<Content>Relaxing, Stress-free Stay at the Luana       Fort DeRussy Park view from room  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SpiritFA
<Content>Best hotel for budget travelers       View of the ocean from our room  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tempejim
<Content>Good, but needs improvement       Hotel from Fort DeRussy  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Rcovelo
<Content>Very nice location and room space I went with my wife to this hotel in September 2005 and we had a very nice experience. Good hotel for its price and fantastic location. We have stayed also at the Outrigger Maui Eldorado and have also a nice stay. You can book this hotel without any problems. Just a few blocks from Waikiki beach and easy access by car to all important spots of Oahu. Nice shops close and amazing restaurants just across the street.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>FKS
<Content>Good hotel for the price       Kitchenette area  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Lara67
<Content>Great value for Waikiki I stayed here in early December 2006 and found it to be a great value for Waikiki. I had a studio with a good partial ocean view, also overlooking Fort DeRussey. My room was on the 9th floor over the fans, but I did not find them to be much of a problem at all. Frankly, the noise from Kalakaua Avenue is more of a problem at times. I would say overall that this hotel is a little more noisy than average, given the noise from the street and also from door/lanai slamming. That's really the only negative I can think of.The kitchenette was fantastic!!! I had everything I needed to do light cooking, including an executive sized refrigerator, coffee maker, and microwave. Also, I found the room to be very clean and never had a problem with bugs. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Just a lot of aloha in the place. It is nicely located to walk to good restaurants, the beach, and the rest of Waikiki. There's an ABC store across the street, as well as the Dollar rent-a-car if you want to rent a car for a day. You're also within easy walking distance to several major bus stops, if you want to use TheBus. Oh, yes, and the shampoo, conditioner and lotion that they give you do smell fabulous!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>KYmiddleamerican
<Content>We would go back in a second!       bedroom  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>iliketoeaticecream
<Content>Room was ok We stayed at Outrigger Luana for 5 nights in June 2007. The hotel is located about 10-15 minutes walk from the main beach at waikiki. It was an ok walk, past all the shops :)The hotel has parking available underneath the hotel (keycard activated). It was safe parking, we always managed to get a parking spot, but we often took the last one. Parking is US$18 a day too.We had a partial ocean view room. The view from the window was nice. we were on the 14th floor. We could see over the park out to the ocean in the distance. The hotel is right next to the main road though, so with the window open it was very noisy. The air conditioner was noisy too..so a bit of a no win situation there!The room was large, and included a kitchenette. The bed was a queen bed, but it was not comfortable and the sheets were not big enough for the bed. The bottom sheet was not a fitted sheet, but a flat sheet, and it constantly came up leaving us sleeping on the mattress. The staff didn't make the bed very well each day either, but this could have been because the sheets were so small.The overall room seemed a bit old and in need of a face lift. The bathroom was bit old. But it all worked as it should. Free internet in the rooms too (with your own laptop).The pool was very nice. Lots of lounge chairs for sun baking.Overall, the hotel was ok. Staff were friendly. There are so many hotels in waikiki though, you could no doubt find somewhere better.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>joecdn
<Content>Pretty nice place! We booked this hotel through Expedia based on other people's ratings, and the star rating, as well as the Outrigger name. I read some negative reviews about insect infestations, and bad customer service experiences - and I have no idea where these came from! The hotel was great - the staff was friendly and courteous, and I didn't notice any insects anywhere. Besides - in Hawaii, cockroaches will show up even in the nicest 5-star hotels - that's what you get for being in the tropics. Anyways - the room they gave us was pretty nice - a studio with two queen beds, a kitchenette, and a lanai with a city view. The kitchenette didn't have a microwave - which would've been a great amenity - but otherwise, everything was clean and in good condition. Since the floors were marble - it would've helped if housekeeping had swept the floors during their daily cleaning - as the sand you accumulate at the beach starts to accumulate. The pool was nice, there was a big patio area to relax and sunbathe on - with some shaded areas for those who preferred to stay out of the sun. It was a small pool, but clean - and refreshing. The location was good too, not far from the beaches - but close to other attractions as well. There were lots of places for food around - a short walk to the other hotels in Waikiki - and there was an ABC store right across the street (which anyone who's been to Hawaii knows - you're in there numerous times over the course of your stay). I'd definitely stay here again, and recommend it to other people who are looking to travel to Hawaii. However, there were plenty of hotels I'd also like to try out - hoping that the service and amenities match, or rival that of the Luana.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>FirstSergeant
<Content>Exceptional service       Hawaiian Sunset  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>RossiTourist
<Content>Good location, good price! We stayed at Outrigger Luana Waikiki for three nights on our Honeymoon. We stays first 7 nights in Maui in a private condo. I really wanted to see Wikiki beach and we chose Outrigger because of its price and location. We got upgraded to a suite with an ocean view which was wonderful. This stay was a highlight of our honeymoon. Everyone at the hotel was very nice and full of information. We had a great time staying there. We walked to Wikiki beach several times and its not far at all, just few blocks. Room was very clean, granite counter-tops, new Hawaiian decor. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TPOregon
<Content>geat location Stayed in1 bed OV deluxe 15 th floor.Beautiful view jogged around park evey am Ft DeRussey ,and fitness room clean and equipment in good condition.People commented on bugs in condos.need to be careful in any tropical client with food but the unit was spotless.Pool small but gets sun as opposed to obstructed pools as other condos have.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>trembler
<Content>loved this hotel/condo highly recommend it! had trouble deciding where to stay as we had never been to hawaii before-unable to get clear picture of things from all my research prior to the trip. wanted kitchen facilities as we often prefer simple meals.this place was fantastic and really met our needs.i must admit it is a little tired and could to with new a little freshening up but was spotlessly clean-no cockroaches or ants as mentioned in other posts!we stayed in a studio room with kitchenette-on the 16th floor-had views of the park/city and also could see the ocean! there were 3 of us and we shared 2 queen size beds! very comfortable beds at that!the rooms are quite large so we did not feel cramped but we really only were in the room to sleep, shower and change and occasionally eat.this hotel/condo is very close to everything you need-1 block from beach-easy 5 minute stroll.easy walking to great restaurants and shopping-we walked to ala moana shopping centre twice and found this an easy walk also but the bus is just on the next corner if you're not into walking.kim, the most wonderful, friendliest concierge, ever was a delight and couldn't do enough for us-as were the rest of the staff.the pool has been described as very small but i found it great for relaxing and cooling off and the deck chairs were very comfortable and plentiful-pool no good for lap swimmers however there is an excellently equipped gym if you need exercise and fort de russy park next door which had a great path around the perimeter to run around.we will definately stay here again-we are not into resort accommodation so if that is what you are looking for you will be disappointed but dont overlook this place if you want everything else for much less than similar hotels charge  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>icklecaline
<Content>Good value hotel       View overlooking the park  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>fishoutofh2o
<Content>Good place to stay for the price We stayed in a hotel room at the Outrigger Luana Waikiki for three nights in February. The place was nice, but unspectacular. It's well maintained and the folks who work there were all very friendly and accommodating. Our room had two queen beds and unfortunately didn't have a kitchenette. Internet access was free.Parking is available in their 2-level underground garage. The cost is $18 per day -- it's a steep price, but there aren't too many other options if you have a car.The location was pretty good. While it's not in the heart of Waikiki, it's still close enough to walk to all the restaurants, shops, and beaches. TIP: for breakfast, Eggs 'n Things down the street was a great place to go for an inexpensive meal.If you're not planning on spending much time at the hotel and aren't looking for the perks of a luxury hotel, this is a good place to stay. Most of our time was spent exploring the island, so for the 8 hours a day that we actually were in the room it fit our needs perfectly.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>edboogie
<Content>just cant recommend My wife and I stayed at the Outrigger Luana 1 bedroom deluxe ocean view room for 4 nights on January 21st. We actually stayed at the hotel in October in a partial ocean view hotel room and liked it so much we booked the best room they had. Our first stay we had zero problems, but this stay we had several.The first thing that happened was they charged us $18 a day for parking. It was $15 in October. When they gave us room 1106 we were rather excited to be up so high. When you walked in the hallway and kitchen had 15 inch marble tiles on the floor. The kitchen counters were all granite as was the bathroom vanity. The deluxe room has a balcony off of the living room and a second one off of the bedroom. The living room one faces the ocean and the bedroom one faces the Wyland painting and the gas station with all of the exotic cars for rent. I noticed that one of the kitchen cabinets was locked, as this is a condo owned by someone, as was a drawer in the bathroom.The next morning my wife killed a roach type bug that was hiding behind the toaster. Later that morning I killed one on the counter next to the kitchen sink. I also found a dead one in a drawer. We went across the street to the ABC store and bought a can of Raid and sprayed the entire can in the entire unit. I also killed a live silver fish in the hallway. Before bed I killed a roach on the wall over the bathroom door. In the morning I found a dead roach next to the TV in the living room. When we went out for the day we told the front desk and I showed them one of the bugs that I had killed. We told them that there was rice and crumbs all along the baseboards, and they said they would send the 鈥渟uper housekeeper鈥?up to clean our room and the exterminator would be called. When we got back from our day out, the rice and crumbs had not been swept up, AND I found a dead roach right in the middle of the kitchen floor. I brought the dead bug down and asked to be moved to a different room. They moved us up to room 1506, which is next to the top floor. This unit did not have any cabinets locked in the kitchen or bath. It also had a ceiling fan in the living room, two dvd players, upgraded remote controlled a/c units, and a washer and dryer in the unit. This is what we had expected all along.The location of the place is really good. A 5 minute walk to the beach, right on Ft Derussy park, lots of shopping and dining very close. But the bug thing really creeped me out. But the nail in the coffin was the courtesy room. I have stayed at many Outrigger places in the past and have always used a courtesy room. It is usually the worst hotel room that they let you use for 30 minutes to take a shower on the day you check out. They list this as a feature on the internet and we even asked about it when we checked out. They said no problem just ask. So we put our suntan lotion on and went out all day. We had an 11pm flight and wanted to shower up for a late dinner and a long flight home. When we asked at the front desk they told us the courtesy room was the two outdoor bathrooms by the pool. We were told to lock the doors so no one would walk in on us. The men鈥檚 bathroom had 2 sinks, a toilet stall at the back and a small shower right across from the urinal. The floor was soaked with urine and I wouldn鈥檛 take my shoes off, let alone take a shower. The women鈥檚 bathroom was right across from 2 outdoor gas grills, and my wife said there were so many ants crawling around she was afraid they would crawl into her suitcase if she opened it up. Needless to say, neither of us showered and went home dirty and uncomfortable. When we turned the key and pool towels in the front desk person was so ashamed of what he did he wouldn鈥檛 look at us or ask if things were ok. He knew what he did. I really am sorry to say I can鈥檛 recommend this place to anyone. I love the location and the remodeled rooms. The parking increase was unpleasant, the roach infestation was totally unacceptable, and the courtesy room sealed the deal. Most people were very helpful at the front desk and the bellman was great, but there are way too many other new places opening up on Lewers Street to try rather than stay here. Beware.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>LadyLo
<Content>Many negatives, a few positives We chose to stay at Outrigger Luana after reading the traveler reviews...I believe I'll do more careful reading between the lines next time I read the reviews. Our studio room (515) had a nice and recently renovated kitchenette with a decent supply of dishes for 4, tableware, and cooking accessories. We had a bit of a view of the ocean from the small balcony which surprised me since we were to have only a city view. The air conditioner worked very nicely. My husband liked the exercise facilities. The pool is small but nicely kept. The pool deck is on the smaller side but equipped with comfortable chairs and tents to shield from the sun. Other than that, the positives mostly end and the negatives begin. To start, (and this is a big one for me,) there is no fan in the bathroom...puhlease!! We tried to call the main lobby when we couldn't access our phone messages and couldn't dial through. When my husband went to the lobby, he was told that our phone buttons hadn't been set up yet. What on earth kind of excuse is that? There were cockroaches in the room (I hope we didn't bring them home with us in our luggage.) There was no information book in the room to explain where the pool, laundry facilities, ice machine, etc., are located or to give information on restaurants, boutique hours, check-in, etc., or any of the usual information found in a book in hotel rooms. When I asked the front desk about one, I was told there isn't one. The queen bed was more of a large double. I sincerely doubt that was a queen bed. There was a small baby ironing board...the kind that sits on 2 inch legs on a table and moves all over the place while you're trying to iron. The coffee for the coffeemaker had to be bought at the front desk. The first night is supplied in the room, but after that, the supply is not refreshed...which is fine, I guess. It was poor quality coffee. The bathroom door squeaked loudly and had to be pushed with your weight against the door to close it. The bathroom is supplied with two rough towels, two washcloths, two hand towels, nothing extra. The toilet was the cheap plastic seat type with a rough surface as if something had gotten stuck to the lid and never completely removed. The floor was only swept by housekeeping when I left a tip and a note to request it. The housekeeping staff, however, were very nice and left the room neat. The sheets were barely large enough to go 6 inches down the side of the bed and there wasn't much on top to fold over the bedspread. They do not do dishes. You need to wash your own dishes. The furniture had many worn spots in the wood stain. You pay separately for parking and internet access (which is only accessible in the lobby). I would not stay there again. This hotel was not what I had expected for $200 a night and the many positive reviews I read. Granted, staying in Waikiki is not inexpensive, but when I have it to do again, I'll pay the extra money to stay at a better hotel where the amenities are included in the price, the sheets fit the bed, and the other negatives are hopefully minimized.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>meandersfun
<Content>nice outrigger luana, especially kitchen stayed in early Jan. Great studio, nicely rennovated, great kitchen. only negative was the long walk to beach, but would stay there again--good value  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AS-Manhattan
<Content>Our Wedding We just returned from enjoying our wedding, and honeymoon in Honolulu, Hawaii. We traveled with a small group, and we rented six rooms at the Luana. We were pleasantly suprised by our stay! The Luana staff was very helpful, the rooms larger than expected, and at a very convienent location! Everyone in our group had a great experience. We quickly found out that the walk to the beach is only about three blocks, and there are many restaurants located within walking distance of the hotel.The expedia desk in the lobby provided great, and accurate information to anywhere we were interested in going in Hawaii. This is the place to stay if you want a hotel room located close to Waikiki, but not directly in the middle of all the major hotels. We had friends stay at the Reef on the Beach, and they enjoyed time at our hotel as it wasn't as busy, and the rooms were larger. We will return to the Luana during our next stay in Honolulu!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>nakni11
<Content>Great customer service, location, amenities, price Based on the reviews I found here at tripadvisor, my fiancee and I booked our honeymoon stay at the Luana. We are not big on sunning or surfing, although we like ocean view, and the Luana was perfect. You can see the sunset every evening out the balcony. The rooms are quaint, clean, and the customer service was great. We were put in a room above the exhaust fans from the neighboring restaurant, and while it was noisy, it's not like we expected for it to be peace and quiet. It's Waikiki! There are horns blowing, and traffic noise anyway. If you don't like noise, don't stay in Waikiki. I am not a big fan of it, but the location of the hotel was appealing to us because it was close to everything and we wouldn't have to have a car all week. Most activities provide transportation to and from Waikiki hotels, free of charge. It's right on Kalakaua Street, which has tons of restaurants, shops, etc. within walking distance. We prettty much walked everywhere we needed to go in Waikiki, and took TheBus to places that were a bit farther away. We went to Wailana coffee house (which was a short walk away) nearly every morning because it was the closest place open. I couldn't wait to try it, after reading all of the reviews on here. I was dissapointed with it...it's just like any other breakfast diner with the exception of the guava juice, fresh pineapple (which is served with nearly every meal in Hawaii), and coconut syrup. The pool for the hotel is dissapointing if you are planning on spending a lot of time at the pool. There is no direct sunlight until afternoon, either. I tried laying out there for a short while but became impatient waiting for the sun, and walked to the beach. We had a partial ocean view and a kitchenette, although we didn't even use the kitchen. It has a two-burner stove, a microwave (which is difficult to use I think), a small fridge, and a sink. It's supplied with forks, knives, plates, and bowls. There is a TGI Fridays right across the street, which is convenient for lunch. I would also recommend Todai, which is a short walk away - they have a great sushi and seafood buffet. I think it was $30/person, but it was completely worth it.The activities desk in the lobby is also helpful, as you can just call them, and they will do all of the homework for you and set up basically any activity you want. So in conclusion, great place to stay! Affordable and great location!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>usmcmal
<Content>Fair value for a reasonable price. This boutique hotel was decent for the money. The staff was friendly, the room adequate and clean. It is well located --- virtually across the street from Keo's of Waikiki, Tony Roma's Ribs, and not far from the Hilton Hawaiian Village. On the downside while we had a refrigerator, we didn't have the microwave oven we expected and were told it would cost us another $30 per day for a room with a microwave oven! (We passed). The garden view was crummy, overlooking the adjacent gas station.Neverless, we felt we got our money's worth.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>zosoboogie
<Content>Stayed Twice During My honeymoon in Hawaii I have done a lot of research for all my vacations especially my honeymoon. Furthermore during my Island hopping adventure in Hawaii the Outrigger Luana was the cheapest hotel I stayed in and the most accommodating. For the first night I was there I was in park view studio for a very nice rate and I came back to the Outrigger for my last three nights and I have no complaints the resturant fans did not bother us and we did have the sliding glass door open. I also stayed in the Turtle Bay Resort and the Outrigger in my opinion was better the Outrigger did not have fees and other unrelated charges. When I come back to Hawaii I well most likely stay at the Outrigger again.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alanized
<Content>Clean, great location, outstanding value My wife and I loved this hotel. We stayed in the middle of November 06. Yes, the pool is a bit small but does the job. Yes, there is the noise of the exhaust fans from the Japanese restuarant on the East side of the building. We found the noise to be ideal white sleeping noise however.The location is perfect. Right by the park, and easy walk from the strip, and in close proximity to the outstanding Todai buffet where we went three evenings. The rooms were clean and we saw none of the insects mentioned. The one bedroom with kitchen was perfect for the two of us providing us with a great breakfast and pinapple cutting area. The staff was absolutely as helpful as can be for a non-full-service hotel. Be aware that the concierge at the hotel is from Expedia so you may not always get completely objective advise at that desk. When we checked out we received a bill that was PRECISELY what we had been told when we booked. That single fact pushed me from above average to excellent.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>hatetheroaches
<Content>BEAUTIFUL HOTEL, BUT BIG COCKROACH PROBLEM! We stayed in a one-bedroom suite with an ocean view. The room was gorgeous,  the view was breathtaking. The walk to the beach was a pleasant 10-minute stroll through a park. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Unfortunately, we encountered huge problems which spoiled the beginning of our trip. First, the kitchen flooded and my 3 year old slipped and fell. Apparently the piping wasn鈥檛 connected properly behind the dishwasher. Then came the cockroaches! Lots of them! In the kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, and living room. Total infestation! At midnight, we had to move all of our stuff and our 4 sleeping children into a different room. The hotel manager did very little to compensate us for our inconvenience. Overall, I鈥檇 have to say that I can鈥檛 recommend this hotel鈥nless of course they fix the pest problem. Then it鈥檚 a great hotel for a very fair price.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	4	2	5	4	3	

<Author>Finaffrey
<Content>Excellent room and great service for the price The Outrigger Luana Waikiki proved to be the perfect place for my husband, myself and a friend to stay this past December during the U2 concert. After carefully reading reviews on TripAdvisor, I booked through the resort directly and requested a room on a high floor, away from the restaurant. We wound up on the 10th floor with a park view (I was told the ocean views are all close to the nearby restaurant which several TripAdvisor reviewers said was very noisy) and we really enjoyed the view of the park and the high rise buildings of Waikiki. No complaints about restaurant noise though Waikiki is a busy city so there was noise (lots of ambulances) throughout the night but as long as we kept the windows closed, it was fine.The room was tastefully decorated with an island theme but I do have one complaint: It's hard to call these rooms condos. They are basically one hotel room with a kitchen decked out with everything you would need for a one-week stay in Waikiki. The rooms are a bit small when you factor in the kitchen but we did book a standard room so perhaps the property offers other options (at a higher price). The beds were comfortable, the TV large, a nice amount of drawer space, the shower was OK (some problems with hot water), the service at the front desk was excellent (kudos to Malia at the Travel Desk - very friendly and helpful) and maid service was fair though our tile floor was never vacuumed and we had tracked in quite a bit of sand. We loved the postcards and free postage we were given upon check-in the and hotel gift shop offers a decent selection of souvenirs.Parking is an issue everywhere in Waikiki so, if you are planning on spending most of the time in the city, I would forgo the rental car. We did rent a car to explore the island and learned that the hotel does not have enough parking spaces for all of their guests. We had to park across the street and about a block away (near Nike Town) - not a bad walk. Whether you park at the hotel or the overflow lot, you will pay $15 per day so you really can save some money by relying on public transportation (the hotel is located within walking distance of great shopping and restaurants so bring some comfortable shoes).Other tips: Nick's Fishmarket right across the street is very unassuming from the exterior but was our favorite meal of the trip. Keo's, also located across the street, has excellent breakfast options at reasonable prices. Outrigger Luana is located very close to the Hilton Hawaiian Village - only a 10-minute walk - and the beautiful beaches in front of the Hilton are open to anyone so check those out (great swimming and views of Diamond Head).  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SarahMpls
<Content>Great Value, Nice, Clean and Close to the Action!       Living Room - 1 Bed w/Kit, Partial Ocean  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>ChrissieK
<Content>Would stay again! We stayed at the Outrigger Luana Waikiki on our way back from one of the other islands for a total of 4 nights. We chose it because of the reviews on this site and it also came personally recommended to us by friends who often stay in it. We were lucky enough to get one of the corner rooms with the double aspect ( a sea view and looking out on to the street). We loved the full kitchen in the room and although it got little use from ourselves, if you were wanting to keep costs down and self-cater, it would be perfect.The staff were very helpful, especially the guy on the tour desk and Kim the porter. The lady in the hotel shop was lovely and willing to bargain with you if you were interested in buying anything.I thought the location was pretty good with a nice selection of restaurants in the area and close enough to walk to the shops. The hotel is not much to look at from the outside but the room was big and it was excellent value for money. The only very small negative was that it didn't have a restaurant or provide room service. All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>sazoo111
<Content>Great hotel suite - we'll be back!       Kitchen  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>herm305
<Content>Great Value I have rated my stay as excellent because there was nothing I could find fault with.I had a large clean room on the third floor with fridge and crockery, which I was not expecting, so was a bonus.I had no problems with noise nor with the view since hotels situated in the main area of towns don't usually have panoramic views! The hotel, as far as I know, does not promote itself as being on the beach.I found all the staff that I had contact with to be courteous, helpful and friendly.I only stayed 2 nights (cost about $260 incl. tax) and would certainly return.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buckeyeaz81
<Content>Definitely worth the money       View from our balcony  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>RileyAccounting.Net
<Content>Noise problems with traffic and the restaurant blowers. Avoid the Luana. Over rated. The decor is quite nice but the rooms are dark and uninhabitable due to traffic noise, the gas station, and the restaurant blowers. Your view looks like industrial Pittsburg.You have been warned.There are better places to stay in this price range !!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Rosa2
<Content>Located near beautiful park       From our window, rainbow over Waikiki  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>ak_kimby
<Content>Made our Family Reunion Great!       view of pool from #406  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>NG13
<Content>Great condo style hotel We have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Luana and have to say we are glad we chose this hotel. Yes, the hotel is not in the middle of the action that is Waikiki, but to be honest, we were pleased it was a little bit out of the way, away from all the noise and the hundreds of tourists. The beach, which is a short stroll through the park, is, in our view a much better beach than Waikiki beach itself as it is less crowded. We wholly recommed the bus service which takes you from the hotel directly into Waikik itself if you don't fancy the short walk (especially if, like us, you have young child whose little legs get tired after a while!)We stayed in a city view kitchenette on the 14th floor and the view was amazing (even though the industrial fans were below us - but the easy answer is just don't look down). The room was ample big enough for all of us (2 adults and a 4 year old), it was cleaned everyday and the kitchenette was well stocked. Like many other reviewers, we used to buy our breakfast supplies at the ABC shop across the road and so didn't have to pay for breakfasts at restaurants. The swimming pool at the hotel was absolutely lovely. Although some reviews have said the pool is a bit on the small side, we found it big enough. In any event, the pool was never crowded during our stay and there are plenty of sun loungers and three cabanas. Our only disappointed about the pool was that there was not a shallow end for our daughter to play in.Overall, we had a great stay at this hotel and would go back again. On the whole, the staff are pleasant and friendly (especially the lady on the tour desk). However, the man on duty at reception when we arrived after a very long flight from Brisbane was miserable and not very helpful at all. He told us the room was not ready (which we expected) and that we would be staying on the 2nd floor on the fan side. I expressed my disappointment and he later said we could indeed go straight to a different room which turned out to be on the 5th floor overlooking the petrol garage. This really wasn't a big issue as the room was clean, tidy and ample big enough. The only downside was that there were no kitchen appliances in the kitchen but plenty of crockery. However, the next day we got talking to a man in the pool and he was amazed that we didn't even have a toaster or microwave in the room and told us to ask reception for one. Luckily we were greeted by a different man on reception and he told us we were in fact in the wrong room. He was very apologetic and arranged for us to be moved that night to a room with a kitchette on the 14th floor. After that little hicup, we had a great time and enjoyed the view.The reason we chose this hotel in the first place was mainly due to the rave reviews posted on this site. So I thought I would write our review in the hope that it helps others like us.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>doggar
<Content>Generally a nice, quiet hotel Stayed at the Luana for a week in July. Generally it was very nice, clean, not too noisy (as I asked for the 'quiet side) this actually gave us a nice view of the gas station but that didn't bother me us at all. The water pressure was suprisingly good, as I've stayed in other hotels with very poor pressure. However you could tell it was renovated as some of the taps were a bit creaky.The only gripe I had, was that in 1 week, the key card demagnetized 4(!) times! While this is not the Luana's fault itself, its more the technology which maybe should be updated sooner or later. The staff was generally friendly and we had no other problems with the room. Definitely recommended for those who would like to be away from the main drag in Waikiki.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Danham13
<Content>Very nice stay We stayed at the Luana as the second week of two weeks in Hawaii. This was a Fairfield exchange. We were given a studio which faced to the west toward the park and downtown Honolulu. The unit was very comfortable and the staff was helpful and friendly.The hotel is about 3-4 blocks from the beach which took about 10 minutes to walk. They provide beach towels so you don't need to take your own. We obtained supplies from the ABC stores which are everywhere. We ate at the Shorebird in the Outrigger Reef hotel and at the Cheesecake Factory, which is about a half mile from the Luana. We did not rent a car and walked to the areas of interest or took the tours. We did a tour for the Pearl Harbor/Arizona Memorial.The stay was very good and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>traveljunkiegirl
<Content>Best Value! I decided to stay here based on the reviews and the fact it was a great price (under $150). The location was great. The rooms had just been renovated to be condo/hotel.Rooms were nice size, one bed and one sofa bed, plus a mini kitchen with granite countertops.Pool was very nice on the rooftop. Staff was very nice.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tommyjohnsmom
<Content>Great Family Hotel       Our hotel room  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>giantdino
<Content>nice and clean We stayed there for 6 days two weeks ago. It's nice and clean. 10-15 minutes' walking to Waikiki beach.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rgcs1123
<Content>very helpful employees We stayed here for the first 2 nights of our 10 day/3 island vacation. One of our suitcases took a different route and I waited for hours until I was so exhausted I had to sleep. The hotel clerk was very undertsanding and helpful and left a message as soon as it arrived so we could get some rest.All of the people who worked there seemed very willing to help. That's what impressed me the most. The price was reasonable. It's a walk to Waikiki beach through Fort DeRussy park, which is beautiful. It can be a little confusing to find one's way back without directions.The room itself had a nice view, but we did have one of the rooms above the infamous fan in the roof of the restaurant next door. We had air conditioning on often so it wasn't a problem. The room was neat and clean even though I did spot a roach or two.We were happy with this hotel and felt the information in the reviews provided by this website helped us make great decisions in all our lodgings.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Luana - Our Favourite Hotel of the Holiday We stayed at the Luana for 5 nights in June, arriving to watch all the car headlights streaming down Kalakaua Avenue from our 16th floor balcony - even at night Waikiki is buzzing with life and interesting to watch. Our room had two, large comfortable beds, air conditioning, fridge with large kitchen worktop and kitchen knives, plates, corkscrew and other useful utensils, large TV and handy table and chairs. The bathroom had a half bath with over bath shower. The complimentary soap, shampoo, conditioner and lotion were excellent quality - in fact before leaving we bought some soap and pikake passion lotion from the hotel shop. Each time I smell the lotion it reminds me of our wonderful holiday.The fridge came in very handy for storing juice, wine, sandwiches and the delicious fresh fruit, papaya, pineapple and mangoes which we enjoyed eating on our balcony.We had a partial ocean view and could see the ocean clearly off to our right, with Diamond Head and Kalakaua Avenue straight ahead and Fort de Russy Park - a bit of everything and a first class view if there is a parade on. There are plenty of good places for breakfast in the mornings. We particularly liked Keo's across the road - eggs, bacon and pancakes with freshly squeezed guava or pineapple juice to drink. If you are feeling hungry TGI will give you a large value for money breakfast. There are plenty of stores nearby for buying fresh food and drink.Shopping in the evenings was fun and the shops are amazing. It felt very safe walking around at night as well.The hotel pool was smaller than expected but with plenty of sun loungers. There was a fitness room nearby which looked fine but we didn't try it out.There is access to the internet on the mezzanine floor above the lobby. It did seem to swallow dollar bills quickly.The staff were laid back and low key but at the same time approachable and helpful. We really loved staying at the Luana.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Etheline
<Content>Outrigger Luana was great We just returned from a week long stay at the Outrigger Luana and loved it. I had requested an upper floor room, away from the fans which have been referred to in other reviews. We were on the opposite side of the building and had a great view of the Ft. DeRussy park and the beautiful little city park across the street. There was some traffic noise, which is to be expected in Waikiki, however we were able to sit on our lanai and enjoy the beautiful weather and scenery. We saw absolutely no bugs and everything was clean and well maintained. We had cleaning service every day. I especially liked the fact that the floors were tile and not carpet, which was easier to maintain without the feel of walking on dirty carpet. This hotel is right on the edge of Waikiki, therefore out of the hustle and bustle of tourist traffic, yet close enough to walk to anything you desire. I would absolutely recommend it to anyone who plans a stay in the Waikiki area.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shell8679
<Content>What a wonderful place! I had two different rooms here over Memorial Day weekend and week. The first was a studio room (515) which was large and very clean. It was directly over the fans mentioned in previous reviews. We are a 100% air conditioning family and could not hear the fans inside the room due to the air conditioner being on, and did not find them to be obtrusive when out on the lanai. To me, they were simply white noise. This hotel is located on the main strip that ambulances use, and they use it often. However, being a city person, this did not bother me either.My parents joined me later in the week and I moved to a 1 bedroom suite. (206) The staff was extremely helpful and let me move to the second room early one morning. It was huge! The kitchens in each room were well stocked and had Mikasa china dinnerware. The one bedroom also had a toaster, rice cooker, and porridge maker. I was extremely surprised to see a washer/dryer in the unit, as well as golf clubs! 1) Alway clean the lint filter on the dryer and 2) only use the quick wash on the washing machine because it's a front loader, and it will hold your clothes hostage for 2 hours if you use the power wash setting. This room was directly above the swimming pool, and there was a hula party one night, so I'm glad they close the pool early.I did not observe any insect problems. According to my parents, there was a complementary gecko included with the room to take care of the insects. I presume the gecko and golf clubs are not standard room items.Because of an extremely late arrival, I had to take a taxi to the hotel. I'm glad I did because it is not well marked. If you're driving yourself, as you cross over the canal, look for the Maholo express station on the right and the hotel is just past it. It is centrally located, but I do not recommend it if you are unable to walk much. I had no problem reaching the shopping centers or continually hiking to the trolley/bus stop at the HHV, but the parents usually were not up to it by the end of the day. This hotel seemed to have a lot of overflow from the military Hale Koa, and there were not a lot of children here.I rented a car for the week, and the parking garage is very tight. I'm glad I didn't have a SUV. There are signs that point to the lobby that will take you up a flight of stairs. Go the opposite direction of the arrows, and the elevators are right behind the signs. If you only need a rental car for a day or two, there is Dollar Rent-A-Car right across the street. There is supermarket in the Ala Moana shopping center, and a Superette that was well stocked a 15 minute walk away on Kuhio. There are several fast food places in the food courts of the shopping centers within 15 minutes in either direction, if that is your eating style.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gchu4mkay
<Content>Excellent condo hotel and location We'v been to Maui and Kauai and decided to try Oahu with our two grown daughters. We always try to find a condo for the convenience of meals and more space. The Outrigger Luana was terrific! New facilities, very helpful staff, tour desk on site, full size kitchen -completely stocked (make sure you reserve the 1-BR oceanview). We requested two double beds for our 10 day stay and they obliged. The view on the upper floors was fantastic-could see for miles. Their pool has many chaises - there are none on the beaches so it was a great alternative to lying on small beach towels. A perfect location - the city bus system is excellent and a bonus especially with gas prices so high. We bussed everywhere - Pearl Harbor, Diamond Head Crater, the Aquarium. And you can easily walk to the Ala Moana shopping mall, a huge supermarket and Waikiki is filled with shops, restaurants and more. If you're looking for lots to do, or just wnat some peace and quiet in a spacious, comfortable condo, Outrigger Luana in Waikiki is highly recommended. BTW - the body lotion at the condo smells fabulous!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>May 2006 at the Luana Waikiki The Outrigger Luana Waikiki is a condo-hotel. It is on the park (Ft Derussy) side of Kalakaua Avenue. It also has a small city park in front, so it is surrounded by park land. All rooms thus have a nice view. There are plenty of restaurants nearby. This is the start of the nice part of Waikiki. The hotel is clean and everything is in new condition. The exercise room has glass walls and overlooks the park and ocean. There are 5 washers and 6 dryers if you want to do your own laundry. I also stayed at the Hyatt and the rooms at the Luana are nicer, though the Hyatt is closer to the beach. If you plan to spend a lot of time at the beach, the Luana wouldn't be a good choice. It's a bit of a hike to the beach.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Outrigger We loved the Outrigger Luana. We stayed at this hotel for 8 nights to celebrate our 2nd anniversary. The hotel is centrally located to shopping, a quick walk to the beach, and numerous dining. We took the city bus easily to Ala Moana shopping center, although it is in walking distance as well. Our room was very modern and spacious. We had a one bedroom ocean view that was a corner unit (room 606). We could hear minimal street noise, but this is expected in Waikiki. The full kitchen was ideal, and we purchased breakfast items across the street at the ABC store. The pool was small, but charming. We used the workout room as well. Our only complaint was that the pool was not open long enough, and sometimes an evening swim can be fun! It was an enjoyable experience with superior accomodations.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel I just came back from my trip and wanted to share my review of this hotel. I requested a standard, non-smoking room on the quiet side and got exactly that-it even had a bit of ocean view. The room was not small and the layout was quite nice (with a large kitchen counter). I didn't see any insects at all. I used the fitness facilities every day-the room was small but the equipment was decent as far as hotel gyms go. The location was half-way between the Ala Moana mall and the main beach area-this was perfect because within 15 min of walking, we could get to either destination. There was no restaurant in the hotel but the lobby was nice and the staff were friendly. My only complaint was that on our last day, a marching band was practising at 6:30am in the park behind the hotel-this was a rude awakening, but I think it was a special practise for the parade tomorrow. I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Craig_Woodward
<Content>Extractor Fan Hell !!!!!       View of extractors from our balcony  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bahamamama25
<Content>loved luana waikiki       Sea View  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>U2fanatic
<Content>Fantastic apart from the roaches.       View from our room  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>where was paradise my view may be tainted as having travelled from england to hawaii we suffered rain for the whole five nights of our stay except the afternoon of arrival and the afternoon before departure. I mean heavy rain, so heavy that the sidewalk outside the hotel got flooded at times and some sewers overflowed in nearby areas with no swimming signs up at some beaches and the canal. We stayed at this hotel because we got cheap deal in comparison with other hotels in the area. We had a east facing room on the 9th floor with partial ocean view and on arrival the first afternoon when we looked out over the park at the ocean we thought we had a lovely hotel. then we opened up the doors to the balcony and then we heard the fans from the metal roofed building below. This was a Japanese restraunt but thise fans went non stop 24hours a day so you would not get any peace to sit out on the balcony if the weather was good enough to sit out there. On the western side there is a gas station and also when we stayed there was some form of pump in the street which we assumed was to do with the overflowing sewers. Again possibly due to the weather there appeared to be a constant stream of sirens either from police, fire and ambulance vehicles.The room itself was clean and tidy with adequate kitchen. The staff were all freindly. are no places to eat in the hotel so you have to go out for everything.Due to the weather I even used the gym on occassion and it had adequate equipment to do a decent workout. the pool outside looked small and there were only 18 loungers. Would imagine if sunny would be crowded and no loungers free.what shall we take from the luana waikiki and hawaii in general, noise, rain and sirens. Paradise gone wrong.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel accessible to everything in Waikiki We booked our reservation at the Outrigger Luana mainly due to the excellent reviews that we found written here on TripAdvisor. We stayed at the Luana the night of March 4th, prior to boarding our cruise on the NCL Pride of Aloha. We then stayed another 6 nights after our cruise. We were so happy with the beautiful and well appointed 2 bedroom condo (the only one available to rent on the property at this time). It was so spacious, well decorated, and CLEAN! The staff were always friendly and willing to assist us with any requests. We had not been back to Oahu for about 15 years (we have been going to Maui), and really enjoyed the buzz of the streets below - that is just part of staying in Waikiki - in fact, we kept our sliding doors on our lanais open all night! Our three children loved the pool (the only thing that we would like to see them add to the property would be a hot tub, but we managed - hee hee!) We would not hesitate to stay at the Luana in the future. We enjoyed the beautiful walks through adjacent Ft DeRussy Park. The bus route was very handy for going to the Ala Moana Shopping Centre (WOW!), Sea Life Park and the Waikiki Aquarium. We highly recommend this jewel in the middle of the golden triangle of Waikiki - we know it won't remain a secret for long!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the view       View of parking garage from balcony  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JeaFran
<Content>oasis in waikiki We booked through Travelocity and received a simple saver room for our family of four. This included a one Bedroom City Park View with Full Kitchen. It was wonderful and affordable. Great view of the park and unobstructed views of the ocean from the 2 balconies. The trick here is to get one of the corner rooms (ending in 06 or 07) and as high up as you can. The rooms are big, 2 T.Vs, 2 balconies. Because we were travelling with our teenagers, we used a roll away bed and the pull out couch in the living room and still had some room to move around. The kitchen was very well supplied if you wanted to cook. Hotel has been recently updated with nice touches of Hawaiiana throughout. The only thing they didn't completey upgrade was the plumbing, some problems with the shower valve but we were able to fix it on our own. The place was clean and very pleasant. Hotel staff professional and accomodating. We were able to store our bags and take showers before our late night flight out. We have stayed at several places in Waikiki over the years and this is the best. If you like a clean, quiet, yet elegantly understated place to stay while visiting Waikiki, this is it.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sky22
<Content>Great View We just returned from Honolulu (March 9-12) and were very pleased with the Outrigger Luana Waikiki. We had reserved a City/Park view but were upgraded to a partial ocean view without asking. From other reviews I've read some POVs are a sliver between buildings if you lean out over your balcony. We could see ours when sitting inside on the pullout couch. And it was spectacular! There are no buildings near the hotel to block your view just a wonderful grassy park. I had been a little leary that since it was right on the main street toward Waikiki it might have alot of street noise but I didn't notice and I usually am sensitive to that. Our room (911)was right above those fans from the restaurant next door but not noticeable with the door closed and we didn't have a problem talking to each other when sitting on the balcony. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom had a nice size counter and narrow but adequate tub/shower. The blackout curtains were especially welcome. A microwave would have been a nice bonus but other rooms do have those. The refrigerator was on the large size for an undercounter one and the sink and counter came in handy. It had alot of cabinets and a full set of knives and enough plates, etc. which we didn't use but would be nice if you were staying for a while. The room felt good when you entered it. I would absolutely stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For the price...you can't beat it               More photos  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed our stay We found the Outrigger Luana to be a very nice place to stay. It is far enough away from the hubbub of the most active part of the beach to be peaceful and quiet and yet close enough to walk to enjoy the restaurants and street life at night. We were upgraded to a very nice king bed and kitchen facilities. Everything seemed updated and new, so we were quite pleased. The beach was a few blocks away, but we were more interested in sightseeing, so it was just right for us. The only disadvantage was the parking lot was small and full, so we had to park a couple of blocks away.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only certain rooms are good Our stay at the Luana was great, but not without effort. We choose this hotel because of the great reviews I read here. I booked a 1 bedroom POV and when we got into the room, lets just say I was dissapointed. The room was very poorly arranged with a huge bedroom and a very cramped living room with the couch just staring at a blank wall. T.V was only in the bedroom. The balcony was awful because of the airconditioning fans from the resturant below(and we were on the 9th floor). They we so loud we could not visit or hear any of the sounds of Waikiki. I was thinking then why didn't any of the previuos post mention any of these problems. I immediatly went down to the front desk to ask to move to a different room. He informed me thats all they had and didn't know what I was talking about, he couldn't understand what our problem was. We would realize through our stay there to avoid this man because he was useless. We kept our room for the night and next morning asked frontdesk to be moved across the hall. He checked for space and moved us immediatly. When we got to our new room we realized why there are such good reviews of this hotel. The room was substantialy larger, there were two T.Vs, two balconys, one was overlooking the park and ocean and was completly private and quiet. This was one of the nicest rooms we have ever stayed in(last year we were at the Alii tower at HHV)and this beats it hands down. We really enjoyed the Outrigger Luana but could have very easily hated it. If I would get our first room I would never stay there again, but our second room I would recommend it to anyone. Both these rooms are same catagory, same rate rooms. This hotel is great but front desk will give you as little as they can unless you complain.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will go back I stayed at the Luana 12 nights. I arrived at the hotel from the airport 2 1/2 before checkin time. Check in which was 3:00. My room wasn't ready, and it wasn't ready at 3:00 either. I was very tired from the long trip, and was hoping for an early check in. As it ended up, I didn't get into my room until 4:30. The staff didn't offer me another room, and they didn't make any effort to help make my wait comfortable. My first day was basically ruined, because by the time I got in my room, I was exhausted. I had a partial ocean view kitchenette. High Floor. It was very very clean, and I loved the room. However, one thing I absolutely hated was the restaurant below my balcony. They turned the airconditioning fans ON which were on the roof promptly at 7:00 a.m. and left them on until 10 p.m. at night, EVERYDAY. Thus, enjoying a relaxing time on the balcony or sitting in my room with the sliding door open was out of the question if it was between these hours. They were very very very loud, monotone and drowned out the sounds of everything else. They destroyed the sounds of waikiki and the hubbub going on, which is why I chose this side of the hotel. I had no idea there would be fans. I met my neighbors who were from New Zealand and we could not visit without yelling when we sat on our adjacent balcony's if the fans were on. I tried to adjust, though disapointed, and enjoyed my balcony only early in the a.m. with my coffee and after 10 p.m, before bed. Otherwise I had to keep my sliding door closed with the airconditioner on. The airconditioner was loud, and annoyed me. I didn't want to have to hear fans, or airconditioning fans constantly. This was a real disapointment to me, as I like to leave my door wide open to enjoy the breeze and sounds from the park and city. Atleast they were off at night. I could turn the air conditioner off too. I asked to be moved to a full ocean view room, on the end, and they didn't even seem concerned or even act like it could possibly be a problem for me, even though I was staying 12 nights. They did offer a room, if I wanted to pay $200 more a night. The other alternative would have been to try to move to the other side of the hotel, when a kitchenette became available which would have given me a view towards downtown and would have been directly over a gas station. Not a great trade. So if you don't like the constant noise of an airconditioner or fans or a gas station, don't stay at this hotel. (There are twelve on the roof, isn't that illegal? ). With the door closed the room was quiet if the airconditioner was off. Yes, I hated it! Other than that, I loved the hotel. I chose this hotel because I wanted to stay near Fort Derussy, and loved my walk through the park each day. Went to Sunday service at the Army Chapel which sits directly behind the hotel. Being from a military family, this was a treat. The Army Chapel is the building left standing from the old white buildings that used to stand on Fort Derussy. The bunker has changed, they built a Army museum, and the lockers and showers are gone. There is a newer military hotel standing in place which wasn't there in the 60's and early 70's. The kitchenette was stocked well, and I had no complaints otherwise. Maid service was great. The bathroom was small, but clean, nothing exceptional. I stayed alone, which made the kitchenette studio perfect. But if you're with others, and require privacy for dressing/changing there is no privacy in this set up, unless you go to into the small bathroom. The bathroom exited into the kitchen area, which wasn't ideal, right by the door to the hall.I would stay here again, but would try to get another room, on the end away from either side of the hotel. I still loved my trip, and had a great time. Perfect location for me.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cant Wait To Go Back!!! We stayed at the Outrigger Luana back when it was the Waikiki Terrace-about four years ago. We had reserved a standard hotel room with city views, but when we arived our room wasnt ready yet so they upgraded us to park/ocean view! Our stay was great, very friendly and helpful service for our first trip to the island. The bellboys helped us put up the top on the jeep many times! The hotel is in a fantastic location and an nice short walk to the beach. It is on the main strip with everything right there, but the hotel was suprisingly quiet! The only thing we didnt check out was the pool, but we prefer the beach.. We will be going back in a few months and cant wait to check out the new look! You get more than what you pay for at this great hotel  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice staff, but ant problems reserved a studio w/city/park view months ahead; arrived jan. 10th (during the Sony Classic Golf tourney)but had ant problems. nice staff attempted to move me to another room--still ants cruising along the floor. finally, relocated to another of their properties, Ohana West (no ants), where i had to take a smoking room, above the pool. i received the same Entertainment discount but now had to take the bus to my conference hotel, the Illikai. Throughout, the staff were very nice and accomodating. These were the very tiny ants, and i am sure they would have left me alone but the very idea of their activity would have sent me into fussy mode (go and buy a can of pesticide and spray around the clock). i believe that once they get into the walls it is difficult to dislodge them.Paul  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>2	5	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CosmoMaui
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I just returned from Hawaii- had a wonderful time, as always! This was our 12th trip. We've stayed in several hotels and condos in Oahu over the years and found the Luana Waikiki to be a good place to stay. The rooms are updated very nicely with tile floors and granite counter tops. The Hawaiian lamps were cute too. There is a nice park outside and the beach is a 10-15 minute walk away- take a right outside the hotel, walk across park area, right on Saratoga road, and you can walk through Outrigger Reef on Beach Hotel or use the Beach Walk. They have a nice, clean pool area and Fitness Center also. There is also a Grill area available by the pool. I'd stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gas Station View Outrigger Luana WaikikiMy family and I stayed at this hotel for 7 days in December. The hotel was very clean and the beds very comfortable but, the view was horrible. We had a room on the 3rd. floor and our balcony overlooked the roof of a gas station, a very busy, noisy gas station. Our family had 3 different rooms, ours was the most expensive and had the worst view and the smallest space. I mentioned this to the front desk and they were not helpful and did not offer to change or upgrade our room. We had to ask for the proper number of towel sets daily even though we spoke with the front desk about that also. While I liked many things about this hotel I would have to think about staying here again. I definitly would want to preview the room first.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Waikiki Hotel Very pleased with this hotel. Have stayed in many others on Waikiki often with problems, especially too much cig. smoke. But not here - its a non-smoking hotel. Also, a plus is the fact that the rooms do not have carpet but a type of ceramic tile. Rooms were clean and quiet and ours had a partial view of the ocean.We paid about $140 per night for two beds, so its a good price. Recommend it for the mid price range in Honolulu. Pleasant stay...  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>Good value, dependable hotel The reviews of this hotel are spot on. It's clean, modern, and good value for money. The kitchenette is convenient if you're tired of spending big bucks on Waikiki restaurants and just want to heat up some takeout. The people at the reception desk are friendly and helpful; they got us a taxi to the airport early on New Year's Day, no problem.There are lots of moderately priced hotels in Waikiki that turn out to be disappointing. This isn't one of them -- you should book with confidence.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mrmark
<Content>Great choice for budget concious traveller We stayed here in early December around the time of the Honolulu marathon and it was defintely a great choice. We had a room with 2 queen beds and a view over the park. This is a condo hotel, recently renovated with new furniture, small kitchenettes in some rooms, granite counter tops and a small balcony. Its about a 5-10 minute walk to the beach in front of the Hilton, a 15 min walk to the main mall, close to many restaurants, convenience stores, and a grocery store about a ten minute walk away. The staff are helpful, there is an expedia desk in the lobbey to help book car hire, water sports, airr trips etc which was very helpful. There is a nice private pool with deck chairs. My girlfriend originally stayed down the road at the pacific beach hotel for the marathon and then moved in with us. Although her hotel was just over the road from Waikiki beach and had a nice view of the ocean, the room was old and the furniture dated, with a smaller bathroom. All in all I would defintely stay here again, and at a great price too  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FurElise
<Content>Perfect       bedroom/sitting area  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BigBenNelson
<Content>Great stay on New Year's Eve An overnight stay on business on New Years Eve. Good location. Just a bit away from the main part of Waikiki, but not a bad walk. Rooms are great.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>juditha
<Content>Very Enjoyable We stayed here for 9 days over Christmas and have no complaints. It was clean, comfortable, spacious and had a great location. The pictures on the internet are exactly as they show. We made use of the city bus system and the main terminal was at the Ala Moana shopping center. It is a short 15 - 20 min walk away. There are also many good restaurants close by, an abc store across the street, and close to the beach. The laundry facilities are clean and well maintained as is the small fitness room.We used our entertainment card and got an unbelievable deal for the Christmas season. We booked on line and then when we got our entertainment book, we called central reservations and they adjusted our rate. Would highly recommend it to anyone who is not looking for a glitzy resort.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rwigs
<Content>Very satisfied Stayed here just before Thanksgiving 2005. Very satisfied with the hotel and facilities. The staff was very courteous and helpful. Whenever I travel I want a decent, clean hotel that doesn't cost me and arm and a leg. I fear going somewhere and finding out that I booked a dump. I have learned that booking a hotel on the beach either costs too much(for my moderate budget)or if it is not too expensive, then it is very substandard. Therefore, I try to look for something that is within walking distance from the beach but, not on it. This usually results in finding a place that is within budget, and with the cleanliness, and 3-4 star amenities, that I want. This hotel fit the bill. A short 10 minute walk to Waikiki beach and its contiguous shops etc., and with nice room amenities (basically an efficiency apartment) and cleanliness. No problem with noise etc. And for about a buck and a half (after taxes and parking fees)per night during the off season, I think I made out real well, considering this is Waikiki. I would stay there again, but unfortuately for me it will be a while before I can go back. I would recommend this hotel to anyone on a moderate budget that wants a nice clean place, with nice room and hotel amenities, for a fair price. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cmp_traveler
<Content>Excellent Choice We booked a simple saver room for 4 nights at the OLW that was supposed to be a one-bed and a sofa bed and we were given two beds, for which we were very pleased. Room has a sink, two grills and coffee maker (although they charge $1 per coffee bag after the first night). Plenty of drawers as well, but little room to place suit cases. This hotel is outstanding for the price ($105 on bookit.com). Close to the commercial area, clean, beatiful lobby, and nice views. Extremely convinient, 3 mins from waikiki beach, 5mins from H1, stores and restuarants at walking distance. It can be very noisy in the balcony and the air conditioning can be improved, but overall the OLW is a perfect choice. Very clean, friendly staff, awesome information desk. When back to Hawaii, we will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lilandyprods
<Content>Great Deal Just stayed 5 nights at the Outrigger Luana Waikiki and was extremely pleased. We took the Waikiki Shuttle from the airport and, since this hotel/condo is at the entrance to Waikiki, we were one of the first stops. The lobby was quaint and elegant with friendly staff. The first room we were given on the 2nd floor only had one bed so we requested to move to a higher floor with two beds and were easily accommodated with a room (without kitchen) on the 7th floor. We had a view of Ft. DeRussy Park and had a partial view of the Ocean in the distance. The room exceeded my expectations, as it was elegantly designed with marble flooring and very comfortable beds. The hotel/condo was extremely quiet, although we were facing Kalakaua Ave (a very busy street,) so sitting on the lanai was a little noisy. We were walking distance from the beach (Ft. DeRussy) and got a lot of exercise walking to and from the hustle and bustle of Waikiki beach. If you are looking for something a little away from the business, then this is the place. Elegant shopping is across the street and Da Kine donuts is not too far away (they have the best buttermilk bars). I would definitely stay here again. This was a great deal through Expedia.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nalani65
<Content>Clean and convenient! I stayed here along with a bunch of my girlfriends for my bachelorette party and was very pleased with the service and overall experience at this hotel. We had a one bedroom suite w/ a full kitchen which was great! There are no restaurants on site, but many nearby. You will not be dissapointed if you stay here!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>EXCELLENT CHOICE Stayed October 7 through 14th. Had a one bedroon ocean view (through the park) with Kitchen. All furnishings were in excellent order. The general standard of cleanliness throughout the facility was remarkable. All in all for what we paid it was an excellent choice.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place My boyfriend and I stayed here for five nights and were so happy with our choice. The hotel has just been aquired by the outrigger and was previously a time share. The rooms are exactly how they look on the website, which are very nice. The rooms are comfortable with a couch area as well as a table and chairs eating area. As stated by other guest,they gave us a free upgrade with a better view, because when we checked in early the cheaper room we had booked wasn't available yet. The staff was very helpful and friendly and the hotel gives you a few postcards that they will apply postage and mail for you. Here a few reasons why we enjoyed this hotel:1) It wasn't in the center of waikiki, you are next to a naval park affording all the rooms beautiful views. 2)It was very peaceful, I think only once a day did we see anyone else on the elevator. 3)You are not near waikiki beach, you are close to the fort dereusy beach. You'll find if you explore Ohau, there are definetly better beaches so you wouldn't want to waste much time at waikiki anyways. 4)You could still manageably walk to waikiki for your dining choices, which is wonderful, because it is still warm at 10 pm.The only saddness in writing this review is that this place will become very popular.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel       View from hotel through park  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DaveandJudy
<Content>Excellent Value       Ocean View from Hotel  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rover16NY
<Content>Loved the Luana We stayed here in July and loved it. Its really close to everything. We had beautiful views of everything from our room. Very very clean, nicely decorated, comfortable beds and friendly staff. Having a kitchenette in our room helped save money and we found it to be very convienient. Parking was ok...it cost $12/day and we found a spot every day. Driving around in the area was tough though, as there are many one way streets. Overall, would most definitely stay there again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lynngold
<Content>Luana No Ka Oi!       View of Kalakaua Street from balcony  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cherylroy
<Content>Loved the Luana! My husband and I really loved the Luana Waikiki, a condo-style property when we stayed there in August of 2005. Our upgraded room on the 16th floor was splendid with a full kitchen! We only used the microwave once but used the toaster daily. The standard rooms don't have toasters or microwaves. We took the bus to Safeway and picked up ahi poke and other treats for our week here. The pool was splendid. The workout room very nice. We just loved the whole experience of the boutique style property. The mezzanine level is a win with comfy chairs and couches .. perfect for relaxing or surfing the net. The location is awesome --near restaurants and right on the bus line. We also loved the Kimo's coffee across the street. Buy a travel mug and only $1 for refills! We had requested a high floor and were disappointed that they gave us the fourth floor to begin with , right above the loud gas station. There was one bed that wasn't a king. They moved us the next day to the 16th floor, which was nice and had two beds and a full kitchen. They are very accommodating. This is our fourth trip to Waikiki and this is our favorite hotel so far, by far! It might be nice if they put toasters and microwaves in all of the rooms since there is no restaurant on property.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, small, new and clean hotel Stayed at this property for 3 days in July and could not have been more thrilled with the room and the staff. It was an absolute steal for the price - ($125/night - one bedroom). The kitchen area was fabulous and there were two c-stores right across the street. Several restaurants and shopping are within easy walking distance as well.We were upgraded to a partial ocean view room and loved it. If you are there for a view and beachfront property, this is probably not the place. If you are there for sightseeing and are not going to be living in your room, it's the best value in the area.Only negatives were that the coffee maker was provided, but coffee was $1.00 per bag after the 1st night. It was nice to have the kitchen (including refrigerator) and have our coffee, bagels and fruit on the balcony in the morning without having to get dressed and go out.Parking is available, but there are a small number of spaces that are given out as you arrive. We had to park accross the street at a sister Outrigger the first night, but the price is the same ($12/day) and was so close that it really wasn't a big deal.I would highly recommend this property and feel it is a steal for the price, but once again if you need to be on the beach and/or have a ocean front view (which you are ging to pay for) - the Outrigger Luana may not be the right place.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Luana! We just returned from a 1 week stay at the Luana for our honeymoon. We definitely recommend the Luana! The bellmen were extremely helpful throughout our entire stay, as well as the front desk. Our room was spotless and exactly how it looked in the pictures and the housekeeping staff was great. Also, the tour desk in the hotel booked all of our activities which turned out wonderful as well. We never had any problems with elevators, noise level, etc. It is an easy walk to Waikiki beach but also close to great shopping and restaurants. I definitely would give this hotel 5 stars for quality, but the customer service is what made it exceptional.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience We had a great time at the Luana. They upgraded our room upon check in, so we had a full ocean view and extra bedroom for the price of a studio. All the staff were super friendly and helpful. The hotel pool was perfect. It was at a great location - close to the bus system, the beach, and shops. I booked it based on the reviews I had read here, and was glad I did!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful B@B type of Hotel well appointed! I have lived off and on in Honolulu for 15 years due to the fact I am a traveling Nurse who loves Hawaii. I was very worried that I could not get a room in my hotel of choice ( shearton ) because it was sold out doing my chosen dates of vacation. ( yes, I was not working this time but on holiday.)I read all the reviews for the Outrigger Luana and was a bit nervious because they did not offer the things I enjoyed such as directly on the beach, bar, room service, view ect!Needless to say, I was overwhelmed with how beautiful this small little jem turned out to be!! my room 409 was small but with beautifully appointed NEW furnishings complete with marble kitchen, view and little special touches everywhere. The pool area is again small but the pool is cool with bright green flowers amoung a sea of blue with a modern shape and feel of a much more exspence hotel. The staff is very helpful and friendly and the parking gagage DOES IN FACT OPEN DIRECTLY into the hotel and straight up to your room. The internet is available and they have a small store on property for late night munchies! The restaurants close by are wounderful and the fireworks at the Hilton can be seem from your room. The only negative things are the window shaker for airconditioning, no bathtube, shower only, no additional channels such as hbo show time ect however, that seems small compared to the beauty of a place!I highly reccomend this hotel if you enjoy quiet, pretty, friendly none cheesy type of hawaiian vacations. Some of the units are for sale and I am seriously considering buying a unit! oh and you can hang at the beach at the outrigger reef just a few blocks away. The fee for a rental chair with comfortable pad for the chair is $15.00 dollars a day and they have a wounderful happy hour with great music starting at 4:30 pm daily! Class act all the way...Aloha and Enjoy  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Donyboy
<Content>Couldn't make a better decision I have never been to Hawaii before, and picking a hotel was a complete guess. What a guess it was! The hotel is not very large, not noisy, very clean, staff is friendly and accomodating. I booked the cheapest room on hotels for $114 a day, they gave me a 1st floor room with 2 queen beds, kitchenette (w/out microwave), and large lanai (patio). One morning I noticed the refrigerator wasn't cooling, and before I went to a beach I reported it to guest services, it was fixed before I came back two hours later.Outstanding things:It has a perfect location. 5-10 minutes walk from beach through BEATIFUL Fort DeRussy park with plenty of shade and beatiful sights. Right across the street from Keo's - excellent bacon, eggs, and pancake breakfast for $3.50 per person. Right across the street from Trolley going to Ala Moana shopping center (biggest in Honolulu) and pickup place for tours to Pearl Harbor or Polynesian Cultural center.Rooms are cleaned regularly, towels are clean.EXCELLENT Business floor - or social floor if you call it (M on the elevator button list) - has few computers with internet access and printer, chairs, armchairs, sofas - you'd think you are in a club setting, perfect place to relax, it's almost empty every daySo-so things:Elevator takes longer than you may except. People from upper floors throw their cigarette butts to lanai area (which are properly cleaned by cleaning person).Overall - it is a steal. It is truly a gem, and for the price I got - I couldn't think of anything else. It is no Hawaiian Village, but you know what, it is 1/4 of it's price.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>freykr
<Content>a good bargainm nice hotel For Honolulu Waikiki area, I must say this is a good hotel for the money. I am a business traveler and stay at many hotels, some good , some dumps. This hotel is by no means a 5 star resort, but it was very clean, nicely decorated, friendly staff, and most off, it was in a good area. In Waikiki there are some dumps, many are frequented by unwanted types. I felt safe secure and in a pleasant evironment here at Outrigger Luana. They do not have a restaraunt or beverage service, but after work or in the morning for breakfast there are some very nice places just a short walk away. I particularly enjoyed walking through DeRusey park [which is connected next to a police academy traing facility right next to the hotel.. more safe feelings] There is a convience store downstairs and even though the hotel is not on the sand, it is close enough to the beach. I drive when in Honolulu so I was pleased to find that there is secure parking, however no elevator from the parking garage, but still, not a big deal. One other thing I wished they would have had is highspeed internet connection in room, however I realize most vacationers dont need that [I do for business though] This was by far the best bargain I ever got in HI, good, clean, secure,  freindly hotel. I would stay again. However if you are looking for plush and beautiful, try the expensive places like Hilton Hawiian Village, or Sheritan Surf Rider. For good value safe clean and comfortable, stay at Outrigger. I plan to try some of their other hotels in Honolulu which also seem to have good ratings.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Where is the Aloha spirit? I wish it was just a bad dream but this nightmare was REAL. Perhaps if you are a couple or a man is with you, it's possible you might get treated fairly. My daughter and I were treated so poorly I can't believe it happened. The day after check in-we had business on the island and returned around 9pm. A message was on our phone but before I could retrieve it, I got a call from the front desk. An oriental woman yells at me saying they tried calling me all day and I have to be out of my room in a half hour. I had a confirmation for 3 nights but was told the man at the desk had no right to give me that room. I'm a senior citizen from N.Y. so it was 3 a.m. my time and we had brought in groceries and unpacked all our clothes. NOBODY offered any help. After our move I went to return the key to the front desk and said I hope you appreciate how difficult this was for me. The man was condescending and told me lady your lucky -you were upgraded. I was taken from a view of the street overlooking a flower display and fountain and upgraded to a parking lot/garage view (this is an UPGRADE?!). Check in --the garage is separate from the hotel and the bellman just ignored us. A man and his little daughter were checking in ahead of me-interesting their room was ready but ours wouldn't be available till several hours later. My daughter had Chanel perfume and a Mason-Pearson hairbrush stolen.The staff could care less and just laughed in our faces. Only one man showed any courtesy at all! My husband and I have been to Hawaii before and have stayed with Outrigger before. In fact, on leaving this hotel we stayed at Outrigger Wakiki on the beach and the difference was night and day. There they said hello to you and were eager to please. I would NEVER stay in the Luana again. The rooms were fair but the staff was not. I suggest they all be fired. Maybe then they would treat people decently. We wondered did they think we were a gay couple? shame on them if they feel they can treat anyone that way.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>macjack
<Content>An excellent suite for those who seek some independence in Waikiki's quiet side       the living room area  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The reviews here are a tad overoptimistic After reading all the positive reviews of this place, I stayed here for a week in June of '05. I find myself wondering if many of the previous posters work for the Outrigger chain. I'll grant that this hotel is decent, and the staff is most definitely courteous. The price, too, is reasonable, and the location convenient, though the hotel's entrance is on a one-way street, which makes heading back the opposite direction somewhat of a pain. But contrary to what some reviews imply, this is not a Ritz Carlton experience at Motel 6 prices. During my stay, I had problems with the plumbing in my shower and the air conditioner. Additionally, the rooms along the north side of the hotel face a gas station. Not only is it a pretty ugly view, but when loud cars or motorcycles (lots of folks rent Harleys to cruise around the island) pull in for gas in the middle of the night, you can count on being awakened in a most unpleasant manner, as I was on three of my seven nights. And for reasons that surpass understanding (security, I guess?), the elevators do not descend into the parking garage, so you have to hoof it from the lobby to the garage, which, when carrying luggage, is a royal pain in the rear. On the positive side, however, there's a great little breakfast spot right across the street from Luana called Keo's. Pancake sandwiches for $3.50! Best bargain on the island. And if you're a golfer who likes challenges, you have GOT to play Ko'olau - it's very tough, but spectacularly beautiful.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AM87
<Content>Great hotel ! We stayed at the outrigger from May 23-May27. The hotel is very nice, just like everyone else had stated before. The location was great, close enough to waikiki but also far enough away when you don't want to be near the crowds. The rooms were surprisingly very nice, we upgraded to a kitchentte room and were surprised to find marble countertops, new electric range, and full untesil sets, pots, pans, and even a nice pineapple china set. The kitchentte in the room was better then the one in my own house. The Tv had almost 80+ channels and was a flat screen sony model. The room was very clean and well maintained. The hotel staff was very helpful and accomodating. There are only a couple gripes....The first was having to pay 12 a day for parking, also the parking garage is very very small, but at least was secure behind a key-card operated gate. The second was that the hallways and elevator are not air conditioned, so it can be very hot when stepping out of your air conditioned room. Also there are no restaurants on the premises, meaning you have to either walk or drive to get food. Overall, great place to stay we would definetly stay again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>urbish
<Content>Awesome Hotel Stayed at the Luanna the week of May 1 thru 6. This was our first visit to Oahu. The hotel was awesome, Friendly staff, great clean rooms, and comfortable beds. The maid service was very efficient. The air conditioning was great after a long hot day in the sun. The hotel room do not have microwaves, so please book a kitchenette if you wish to have one. This was a very quiet hotel for those looking to escape the hustle and bustle of downtown, but a very close walk to the Royal Hawaiian shopping center and the International Marketplace. Enjoy a walk through Fort DeRussey park to the famous Waikiku beach only 10 minutes away. Easy access to public transportation and shopping shuttles. Everything you could possibly want was situated right there. We stayed on the fifth floor, park view room and had a great view of downtown and partial oceanview in the background. The hotel offers a discount for anyone that holds an entertainment card. We saved $10 per night. They have phone card machines, pay phones and paid internet service. They do have a small charge for local and credit card calls from the room. The internet service came in handy to print boarding passes for departure. No dispute with billing, everything was on the up and up. Our flight did not leave until 6:30 PM so they stowed our bags free of charge. I am in Love with Hawaii and the Luana and would definately book their again on our next trip to the Islands.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>IN LOVE! This hotel was truly a secret oasis in Waikiki! The exterior of the building can be fooling, bu the interior was excellent! The rooms were beautiful, very clean and very spacious! The tsaff ws friendly, warm, and welcmoing and very patient with me which was very surprsing adn apprecaited by me because often times, being a teenager, our transactions aren't alwasy treated with respect! There are wonderful amenties and everything is brand new! The bed is comfy with nice sheets. The room was free of any odd lingering odors. And, although it's ot centered in Waikiki's hustle and bustle, it's only a few minutes- one to two minutes- away from it! If you're a wsie investor this would be your best move!  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely happy with the Luana       Lounge room of one bed apartment  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mphavel
<Content>Honolulu, Visit We visited Honolulu and stayed at the outrigger. Great Hotel, but no bath just showers, nice breakfast buffet. We are going back this year in april and are staying at the Royal Hawaiian and are looking forward to it. I have read reviews about the Beach area etc. Well my feeling is; if you want a quiet beach go a place that is less populated. Remember this is a major city with tourists and attractions, hussle and bussel everywhere; but its Hawaii and expect to see traffic and people at all hours of the day, you can sleep on the way home in the plane. We went to other islands like, Kaui, Maui and Kona. These islands are less crowded and have different things to see. I recommend a 4 island tour offered by your man tours. This will let you see all the islands and then take your pick. But people in Hawaii are friendly and helpfull. They are proud people and they are fellow americans. You have to visit the Arizona and experience why we are free to make comments and are able to go just about anywhere we want. Remember every day is a beautifull day when you are alive. So live it up and enjoy Hawaii regardless of where you are at. Aloha!!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding stay at Luana Based on our very favorable experience with Outrigger properties over the years, we stayed at the Outrigger Luana Waikiki from February 27 to March 3. We could not have been more pleased. We have stayed at a number of other Waikiki hotels over the years and the Luana was certainly the best value for the money. We booked through the Outrigger reservation system and paid for a efficiency with kitchen. On arrival we were upgraded to a one bedroom unit. The property has been renovated in the past year and everything in the unit was up-to-date and in new condition. The unit was spacious and the bathroom was much larger than the usual hotel bathroom. The unit was equipped for basic cooking and housekeeping although we only had breakfast in the unit. We had a view of the ocean but the property is back from the water overlooking a park so the ocean view is a limited distant view of the waves, but no sandy beach. We were on the 8th floor and the higher floors may have a better ocean view. Being a condo building, the Luana has more limited facilities. The lobby is perfectly comfortable and pleasant but is not fancy. There is no restaurant. There is a small shop facing the street. Coin operated washers and dryers are available. Two computers are available for use on a pay-by-the-minute basis on the mezzanine. There is an attractive looking pool but we did not use it. The Luana is located close to the point at which Kuhio comes off from Kalakaua. A bus stop is across the street, providing service into the city. Two good restaurants, Keo's (Thai) and Nick's Fishmarket are across the street, as are two convenience stores. The well-known stores, hotels and restaurants on Kalakaua are only a short walk away. Some previous contributors have commented on construction. It appears that construction is complete except for some work being done on the mezzanine level in what appear to be conference or meeting rooms. The only effect of this on guests, that we noted, is that at some times one elevator is taken out of general service for use by the workmen. The employees of the hotel are very friendly and helpful. Because our flight home was leaving at 11:30pm, we paid an extra half day of rent to use the apartment until 6:00pm. Then we checked our bags, had dinner and came back and sat in the lobby until we left for the airport. The staff made our bus reservations for the airport. When we reclaimed our bags to go to the airport, the clerk refused to take a tip!!!We would strongly recommend the Luana, unless one wants to look directly on to the beach or wants the classic elegance of a traditional hotel such as the Royal Hawaiian.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room at even better price! As an airline crew member, I have stayed in at least 10 different hotels in Waikiki. This one had the best bed (high threadcount sheets), tiled floors and overall very clean and comfortable. Flat-screen TV was also nice. The view was phenomenal from the 10th floor. Every afternoon we kicked back on the lanai and watched the sun set. Although there was not a restaurant on premises, it was not necessary, as there are probably 50 restaurants in a 10 min radius. Everything from Denny's to the Halekulani. I especially enjoyed being in a hotel without huge crowds. It is above average in almost every way compared to most Waikiki hotels.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a pleasant surprise!!! This hotel is a real gem. It has just been fully remodeled and they did an outstanding job. The hotel has a great location, not on the beach but close enough. Very close to good shopping and good food. Banana Republic and Niketown are right across the street and were having good sales. Keos restaurant across the street is a Honolulu landmark and is a must do. Our partial ocean view was fabulous and included DiamondHead. The room was immaculate. We had a studio with kitchenette which included a fridge and a microwave. Also enough dishes and pots and pans if you want to cook your own meal. Marble floor instead of carpeting....loved it! The staff was courteous and friendly. Parking was fine, just unload your luggage from the front of the hotel so you don't have to drag it up the one flight of stairs from the garage. I didn't feel that the parking was inconvenient at all. Some of the units are condos as there was an Open House going on while we were there. I was tempted to buy one. I would highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luana Waikiki was just right! We stayed at the Outrigger Luana Waikiki for eight nights over Thanksgiving, 2004. I was in one room with my husband and one-year-old. My parent-in-laws had another room. And my sister-in-law, brother-in-law and their two kids had another room. The place has recently been remodeled and the rooms are tastefully decorated, clean, quiet and nicely appointed. I don't know that I have ever slept in a more comfortable bed or ever will. It is slightly off the beaten path, but is truly a short walk to the ocean, the Hilton Hawaiian Village and all the shopping and restaurants you could want. It is next door to a beautiful park that we took our son on walks through when we needed to kill a little time. The pool is small, but really clean and there is nice, new deck furniture and cabanas. If I were returning to Waikiki, I would stay there again in a heartbeat. If you stay there, be sure to walk through the park to the Wailana Coffee Shop and have a bowl of muesli. It was so good that I brought the recipe home with me and e-mailed it to my friends. As for stuff to do, we didn't really like the tourist stuff. The Sea Life Park is a very small, very low budget Sea World and none of the kids really enjoyed it. I heard the zoo and aquarium are not too impressive, so we didn't even go there. The Polynesian Cultural Center is so-so. It was extremely expensive. If you are a real anthropology/cultural studies buff, you would probably think it is neat, but I can't wholeheartedly recommend it, especially at the $100 plus per ticket. If you are going to do it, though, be sure to get the guided tour because otherwise, I think you'd really get nothing out of it. And be prepared for rain. We got soaked. The Horizons show they put on there, however, is utterly fantastic. Our son stood in front of our seats mesmerized for the whole hour and a half and was signing more for the Samoans, who chant and stomp. The water park was great, even for our little one. It has a huge kiddie section with little slides. We had to drag our son out when the park closed. Kids under a certain height aren't permitted on any submarines, so we couldn't do any of those adventures. The highlight really was our day at Bellows Beach, an inactive air force field. The beach is covered in tall trees and the water remains shallow for yards and yards, the sand is white and fine and the waves are more gentle than either North Shore or Waikiki. Our son loved it. It is what you picture when you think of Hawaii. We did go up to North Shore one day, but the surf was too strong to play in and there was hardly anything there in the way of restaurants or shopping. I have to say we enjoyed our vacation and the Luana Waikiki was a very pleasant place to rest our weary heads at the end of each day.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pspercy
<Content>Good Spot       Luana from the Park.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luana - Great stay ! We stayed in room 1011 overlooking the park and ocean from Oct 14-25, 2004. Room was completely refurbished and clean. This was a studio condo, with refrig and coffee, but no microwave or cooktop. Loads of storage space in room. Pool and common areas were great. Staff was friendly and helpful. This is not a full service hotel. Was the best stay in our 5 trips to Waikiki in the past 5 years. Would stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was OK only This hotel is clean but the service desk could be a more friendly. The rooms are clean and are newly renovated but far from perfect. I was told that they were all done with their renovations but I still heard drilling and banging during my 1 week stay. Pray that you don't get a room overlooking the Japanese restaurant because the rooftop ventalation system is UNBEARABLE!!! I wish I could have switched to another side of the hotel. I definetely am not staying here again. For the money I spent I would have expected a better ambience.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice stay at the Outrigger Luana We stayed at the Outrigger Luana from Sept. 12 through Sept. 15. I didn't know what to expect since I had discovered that the hotel was formerly the Waikiki Terrace and was recently remodeled. I was pleasantly suprised to find out how extensive the renovations to the rooms and hotel were once we arrived for our 4-night stay. Rooms were very nicely appointed! We stayed in a studio with a fully equiped kitchenette and found this very useful. We found the hotel staff to be very nice! Our room was on the 15th floor and had a nice view overlooking the adjacent park and partial view of the ocean. The swimming pool was very nice and clean but only used it once as you have Waikiki beach only 10 minutes away. The nearby park provided a place for excellent strolls in the afternoon. The only negatives I could think of is that parking is underground from the hotel with no elevator access. Also be prepared to pay $12 a day for parking. Other than that, I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel as it is a great value for your money--clean, recently remodeled rooms, friendly staff, and a great location.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trvlmaven
<Content>So-So This is a new hotel- actually it used to be the Waikiki Terrace. The good- location is good- at the beginning of Kalakaua Avenue- the main drag of Waikiki. It is a quick 10 minute walk to the beach. We had a 1 bedroom condo- it was very tastefully done- nice art on the walls, new furniture, fully equipped kitchen. We had a nice view of the beach from our porch. The bad- there was only 1 tv in the room, in the bedroom, and we usually like to spend our time in the living room to read or watch tv while we eat. But we weren't able to, and I thought that was a waste- if I knew, I would have reserved a studio. Also, there are doing construction there, which they did not tell me in advance. There were workmen using the elevators all day- it was a long wait to get one. Finally, the parking is underground, but there is not elevator to the lobby, you had to use a stairway to the side of the building and then enter. It was inconvenient.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the place Staff were very helpful and friendly no matter what time of night or day. Had a breakfast 1st day. Not very good. Food was cold and had to be sent back and I thought the breakfast was very poor compared to a normal American breakfast. These I have had on West Coast and on Canadian border. However due to bad weather on 2nd night we had dinner in hotel. Big improvement. Husband loved New York Steak and I enjoyed my crayfish. Room was fine but verandah very small. I would not chose this hotel to visit if I were staying longer than 3 nights due to lack of pool. But Hawaii itself- every thing I every dreamt off!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good hotel excellent location My friend and I (23 year old females) stayed 6 nights at the terrace in March 2004. while it is undergoing construction, it did not bother us in the least. it is affordable and excellently staffed, everyone was very helpful in making our vacation a wonderful stay. i look forward to visiting again and would definitely stay at the terrace. its convenience and warm hospitality make it a wonderful place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shebop
<Content>Great Deal in Waikiki! Returned last week from a 6 night stay! No complaints. The renovations caused no inconvenience. The pool and gym have been completed and are great! Location is perfect in my opinion as it is at the quiet end of Waikiki and still a block from the beach. Rates are supposed to go up around June - so if you're planning a trip it's a bargain - 60.00 a night! Very friendly employees as well!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Priced Hotel, convenient Location, Not Bad Just got back from two stays here, one on our way in and one on our way out. One night each. For the $75 a night rate on Expedia I really thought this was a good place. No the rooms are not immaculate, but clean and very workable. Noise from the street was not bad when we asked for a room up on the 8 floor. Lower it was noisy. Front desk did a nice job accomodating us. Beware, they are rennovating, while that's mostly unnoticable to guests, they did try to send us over to their sister hotel which we didn't want to stay further from the beach, even 3 blocks further, so they did get us into a room at the Terrace, they just felt we'd be more comfortable in their sister hotel. Shows me they understand they are rennovating and that their rooms are nothing special, but we also stayed at the Grand Wialea (you get what you pay for, it was spectacular!) and the Ohana Maui Islander (it was horrible and cost more than the WT) and at the Naniloa on Big I and it was very mediocore, not as good as the Terrace and cost more...so overall I give the terrace two thumbs up! Easy walk to Waikiki beach!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel-great experience stayed here for a week in may of 03. this hotel was just what i was looking for-great location (easy five-ten min. walk to shops and beach-with markets and restaurants across the street) lovely park/museum adjacent to hotel(for the cost of a donation you can easily spend an hour or more wandering around the military museum) great staff(everyone was very friendly, helpful and professional-they really did have the aloha spirit)the room was always clean and comfortable(fresh linens and towels daily)inexpensive rate(about $55/night)nice small clean pool(who needs a large showy pool when the beach is right down the street)business room(internet access for a fee-but who doesn't charge a fee these days)and a tour desk. i really did love my stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very adequate for the price Aloha! We stayed at the Waikiki Terrace for two nights in January, 2004. We found it to be a very good bargain for the price we paid of $65 a night. Be aware that it is undergoing construction as it was recently purchased by Outrigger and will be converted to condos only sometime in the next year. Because of the construction we were upgraded to an 8th floor corner room with an ocean view for no extra charge. It had a queen bed with a small refrigerator. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, especially Cassel at the front desk. The only thing that we found substandard was the maid service. She left us without any washcloths or coffee the second day. The hotel does have a nice location right on Fort DeRussey Park and there is a lot of shopping within walking distance. For a cheap breakfast try Keo s across the street. For a better breakfast buffet on the beach try the Outrigger down the road.One final word of warning for those of you who may decide to visit the Arizona Memorial. They do not allow ANY type of bags to be brought on the tour and this includes purses! Cameras worn around the neck are fine however. Luckily we were warned in advance so we left our things in the room safe.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waikiki terrace saved us This hotel saved us... we had checked in to the pagoda and it was terrible so we were in desprate need of another hotel. I got a room here and we stayed for 2 nights it was wonderful. the staff was great. it was right on the waikiki strip and it was a good price. the rooms were clean, neat and nice. We had a good view as well. We are planning a trip to Oahu again soon and were staying at the waikiki terrace.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again   showReview(1512795, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rkincai1
<Content>Well worth a visit.   showReview(1492018, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the stay at Waikiki Terrace   showReview(1491115, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super Hotel with super front desk staff   showReview(1421127, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful Value   showReview(1399277, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Where was this GREAT hotel??   showReview(1385852, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is outstanding...   showReview(1345631, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, affordable, and clean!!!   showReview(1144652, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Local Aloha   showReview(1109188, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Utilitywood
<Content>We liked Waikiki Terrace   showReview(793227, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ORANGE55
<Content>鏅壊銇屻亶銈屻亜銇у揩閬?#x201d;   showReview(23049413, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(20753047, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏆倝銇欐劅瑕氥仹婊炲湪銇с亶銈?#x201d;   showReview(19170445, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屻亶銈屻亜銇с偣銈裤儍銉曘倐鎰熴仒銇岃壇銇嬨仯銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19168156, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿-prezzo   showReview(11332283, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屾渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(19157729, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉償銉笺偪銉笺伀銇娿仚銇欍倎   showReview(19157472, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉斻偒銉斻偒銈儍銉併兂   showReview(19929554, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

