<Author>rorokimtor
<Content>Beautiful rooms, not great for business My wife and I stayed at Le Germain for a week in November this year. We were primarily there for a business trip, but also held a birthday party for my wife Le Germain's Apartment Suite.The Apartment Suite was the perfect place to hold a small party (12 people) and we loved that Le Germain didn't give us any trouble when we brought in our own food and liquor for our get-together. The staff was very helpful in getting things set up and making sure we had enough dishes in the kitchen, etc. We had a fabulous night and would definitely book there again for that kind of event.For the rest of our stay, we had a standard room with a king bed. The room itself was very spacious and beautifully decorated - it felt very luxurious. It was also very quiet. There were plenty of closets and drawers, even in the bathroom, which is great when you're staying for a week. The staff was very solicitous and friendly and brought anything we needed quickly.The room set-up wasn't very convenient for more than one person working or dining - there was a small desk, a desk chair and a big armchair. They were happy to bring us an extra chair, but it was still crowded - funny, given the size of the room. Also, the TV didn't pull out or swivel, so if you wanted to watch TV and eat dinner, you had to eat on the bed. Not that important and not the kind of thing you would care about during a short stay - but for a longer stay, it was a little inconvenient.Speaking of the bed - I'm not usually fussy about mattresses, but I personally found our bed the most uncomfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. Too hard for me and it took nearly a week after our stay for the kink to disappear from my neck.We were both working in the room at times and found both the wireless internet and the actual internet port very unstable. Our room was at the end of the hall, far from the elevators. If you're there for business, I would suggest staying closer to the middle, to make sure you have a good internet connection.Breakfast was included and was always a lovely continental spread. Coffee was divine and the breakfast staff were really lovely.Overall, I enjoyed our stay - I would definitely stay there again for a shorter time or a special occasion. And it's a great location - close to transit, restaurants, movie theatre, live theatre, etc.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>sungeek
<Content>the only place I stay when in Toronto I travel extensively and find myself in Toronto about ten times a year. My home base is in California and usually by the time I arrive at hotel le germain I鈥檓 very tired and ready to hit the sack. This is when I find the first of the three things I love about the hotel: the bed. The pillows are soft and pliable, the comforter warm and cozy and the mattress is like sleeping on a cloud. In the morning I awake and experience the second joy of le germain: the shower. It鈥檚 an unbelievable cascade of overhead water (not from the side as most conventional showers) that warms you through and through. Then, it鈥檚 on to the third thing I love at the hotel: the free breakfast. Crepes, fresh fruit, muffins, cheeses and nuts served by some of the nicest people I鈥檝e ever met. I love the germain鈥?and after staying at other hotels in the area won鈥檛 ever go back to them again. The price point is perfect for the services I receive.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wheezfixr
<Content>Have Baby Will Travel Stayed two nights at Le Germain with my wife and 6-week-old son for a short mini-holiday and conference. I have tosay that I was most impressed with the staff and their incredible attention to detail. Like previous reviewers with kids, they set up a crib, diaper disposal, baby wipes, shampoos and lotions as well as a place setting for toddlers. Amazing help from the front lobby right to my room. They were extremely helpful in locating a little known resteraunt that I only heard about from a previous visit to Toronto. Breakfast was great with lattes, warm crepes and fresh fruit, all included with your stay.I cant say enough about how comfortable my stay was. I would defintely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jpmf
<Content>Very Special Hotel Just came back from our first trip to Toronto. Perfect location and unique boutique hotel. We could walk everywhere---took only one taxi---to see The Jersey Boys; took the subway back. The hotel was terrific: Breakfast was everything we love---the fresh fruit and juices, lattes made to order, fresh pastries and croissoints, cereals; Concierge who could not do enough for us; place to have a glass of wine---their funky lobby self service bar. The noise level at night on the weekend was as predicted, but so quiet during the week. Just plan to go to bed a bit later.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jsloan
<Content>Great hotel, but!!       Luxury room seating area  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>designfanatic
<Content>So So The positives of this hotel:*Friendly staff*Nicely designed lobby that offers a nice latte/coffee machine, as well as a large library of coffee table books.*Computer use in lobby*Nice restaurant (not open all day)*Good location near CN tower, in entertainment district, lots of theater, restaurants and across the street from Second City comedy and also a few clubs.*Shoppers Drug Mart around the corner (pharmacy and sundries)*Nice large rain shower with great water pressure with glass into the bedroom (options to close the wooden blinds.)*Good quality sheets, bed may be comfortable to most.*Normal size blow dryerNegatives:*No lounge, they offer beer and wine at an honour table in the lobby.*Breakfast is meager (toast, meager fruit, cereal, juice and crepe)*Front reception area smelled of garbage backing up.*Hallway was dark feeling and damp.(may had something to do with the water leaking from the ice machine)*Rooms were very dark and millwork looking damaged and wornthe same in lobby.*Earplugs next to the bed (not a good sign)There are clubs across the narrow little street, although we did not require ours perhaps because it was a weekday*Dark grey ceiling all cracked and stained.*1 electrical plug, have fun finding it, it must be a game.*No slippers in the room although can be requested*Aveda bath products although that may be a positive for someOverall this was not a horrible hotel.I think it is overpriced for what it is.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>bacaboo
<Content>best baby friendly hotel ever! I stayed here with my 11 month old daughter while I was in Toronto on business. The hotel set up the room with a crib, diaper pail, toddler friendly plates and cutlery. The hotel staff was excellent, friendly, helpful. The rooms are beautiful and even though you are in club central, you can't hear anything at all at night. I can't say enough good about this place. I am a loyal guest from now on...  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYCNY1
<Content>(Almost) perfect stay! Stayed there two days for leisure. Location perfectly suited just around the corner of the CN Tower. Room was very stylish and in absolute proper condition. Staff very friendly and helpful. Despite the fact that the hotel is located next to the Entertainment District, we hadn't had an issue with noise. The only negative experience: We scheduled a wine tasting event with the Restaurant Manager of the hotel restaurant (Chez Victor), but eventually he did not show up. So we asked him what is the issue? His answer: He had to take care about the restaurant. No excuse, nothing. Not very professional.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Hen-nyTN
<Content>Do hotel designers ever stay in their hotels? On the plus side - The location of Le Germain is very convenient for tourists and visitors to the Convention Center.Beds are very, very comfortable.Breakfast is good, although not outstanding.Service was generally friendly, pleasant and helpful, except for doormen who were always too busy chatting to their colleagues to open doors.The negatives were -The hotel is very highly designed. The most prominent feature is an open window between the shower and the bedroom. This may be wonderful for honeymooners, but I suspect that most guests prefer a little privacy when they shower. Also, who really wants to enjoy a view of a messy bathroom from their bedroom. Fortunately, one can use blinds to close the open window. As in many hotel rooms, lighting is extremely inadequate. All the fixtures are attractive, but they only light the perimeter of the room. We kept misplacing our fashionably black clothing in the middle of the room.In this 21st century hotel, there was only one useable electric plug in the room. When we asked what we were supposed to do with our computer, cellphones, blackberries, etc., maintenance brought us an extension cord. Odd we thought.The room had a thermostat, but it had no influence on the room temperature. Considering the many imperfections, the price, after all the now usual nickel and dimeing, was very high.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>fluffy_dazzler
<Content>Stunning hotel This is a stunning hotel. Very modern yet inviting feel to it. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious and exciting with the peek-a-boo shower. All the detail of the room is clean, contempory yet very cosy. The mini bar options are pretty extensive, I was suprised that there is even oxygen there. The room I stayed in was a shower room and the whole bathroom was massive in comparison to many hotels I have stayed with nice little touches as the hidden(ish) cupboard with the hairdryer and a makeup/shaving mirror. All the reviews about how fantastic the bed linen is spot on, absolute bliss.There is a 'terrace' to smoke on up on the 11th floor which is nice but it was very windy when i was up there.Also a nice little touch that i had never come accross before is instead of hanging a do not disturb sign on the door there is a little switch in the room.Bad Points: 1.) I came back to the room at 14:30 and the room had not yet be turned down. However when I told the staff of this the next day they comped all my mini bar expenses so not all bad at all.2.) The breakfast everyone seems to rave about I thought was incredibly sub-standard for the price I was paying. Although the cheeses and bread were lovely it would have been nice to see some meat protein and some more hot dishes such as eggs (the only eggs were hard boiled)3.) No ipod dock or flat screen which i would expect from such a contempory hotelThose bad points though are minor in comparison to the enjoyment of all the great points of this hotel. I would never stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	3	5	2	-1	

<Author>cubalibre3
<Content>Romantic Hotel, Not the Best Location Le Germain is a beautiful hotel. Very sexy -- with glass shower that looks into the bedroom. Definitely book the room directly through the hotel because they have specials all the time. The only problem with this hotel is its location. It is between the business district and the entertainment district, so there aren't so many things to do or see during the day. They sometimes offer complimentary breakfast, which just continental from what I could tell. The staff were very nice in person, but over the phone when I was negotiating between two deals, they were a bit annoyed, but professional none the less. I would highly recommend this hotel if you don't mind being a bit away from stuff. Honestly, we wouldn't have minded much, but we relied on a friend who lives there to show us around, when we would have been better offer learning the sites to see before we went.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>gd78
<Content>Nice hotel, noisy location The room was very spacious (even if the plasma TV was someway not working fine) and the bathroom very nice. However in the area the are a lot of discos and during the night you cuold hear a very loud music.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	3	3	4	

<Author>IzPoti
<Content>Wonderful, but so what! Look, we love this hotel. We have stayed there before. The staff are friendly, the rooms are great, the bathroom is wonderful, but so what!!! You are in the middle of Disco City. When I tried to go to sleep the other night, there was a boom-boom-boom coming out of the club next door which was like one of those idiots with a boombox for a car parked on my pillow. It's a shame. We love it, but I don't think we'll ever stay there again. It was a nightmare.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>myp22202
<Content>excellent hotel Great boutique hotel in Toronto. Complimentary breakfast is excellent. Service was quite good. Rooms are comfortable and roomy. Can be noisy at night because of a club across the street; rooms have ear plugs for guests. Room service is pretty good.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CanadaFlygirl
<Content>Loved it! Stayed one night at Le Germain. The office booked our room so we were not prepared for the experience. The only complaint I can come up with is the location. I'm not sure I'd feel comfortable walking in the neighborhood at night. That being said, daytime you're close to King street and the subway as well as shopping and everything else. The subway system got me across town in a flash! You're also within walking distance of the ball park. We loved the room, the added extras such as bottled water, chocolates, bose sound system and high end bathroom amenities. The unique floor-to-ceiling windowed shower was a surprise, especially to our business associates (two men) who found it freaky! (the window covering opens from the bedroom side). The outside of the building is misleading as others have mentioned (former warehouse) but as soon as you're inside, your impression changes. We loved the breakfast which provided everything buffet style but in a very nice atmosphere as well as the lobby bar/library with fireplace. It was very welcoming and cosy, along with internet access. I'd stay at Le Germain again anytime I'm in Toronto.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mizzie
<Content>Absolutely love the Germain Having stayed twice at this hotel in the last couple of months, it is hard to want to stay anywhere else. The first time we stayed, I actually extended the stay by 2 days because of the luxury. The most recent stay, we stayed for 5 days, and the luxury continued. We have only stayed in the Luxury suites, and for the extra dollars (which was not that much), it is one of the nicest suites ever stayed in. From the efficient and friendly door and check in staff to the extra's found in the room, I will only consider the le Germain on my trips to Toronto. For movie/TV buffs, the 50 inch plasma TV in the Luxury Theater room is a huge bonus. The king size bed and the luxurious bedding is one of the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in...we even wondered how we could sneak the bedding and pillows out...BUT...you can purchase these on their website for an incredibly reasonable price. All in all, from the staff, to room itself, the le Germain is an oasis!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wereldreizigster
<Content>Trendy boutique hotel Lovely hotel with a great lobby. Rooms spacious and with all the luxury you can wish for with great palsma screen tv etc.Pity the area around it is not so nice..although there is a great theatre opposite the street where we went one evening for a comedian show.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tommytraveller
<Content>top notch Very rarely do you pay top dollar and then realise you have fantastic value for money-this was one occasion.From the moment the doorman welcomed us with a hand shake till the minute we left, nothing was too much for the wonderful and knowledgable staff. The highlight was the room , including bathroom. We like modern and this was up there with the best in Barcelona,,which I think has the chicest hotels. Bed,lights, decor, Bose sound deck, TV, shower and thoughtful facilities designed by a woman for women, particulalrly in the bathroom- all so very tasteful.Breakfast just perfect, library and huge log fire in a modern style so relaxing!Look no further, if its chic, friendly, clean and modern that you like, book now!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYCkittie
<Content>Affordable Luxury I had an absolutely fabulous stay. The staff was extremely friendly and went out of their way to help suit my needs. The breakfast took me back to what a European morning consists of. Being welcomed to the hotel with a hand written card and delicious cookies and truffles was a great touch. The location was ideal - I HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone that enjoys luxury at an affordable price.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steviem71
<Content>a bit disapointing I was a bit disappointed in Le Germain. I had the impression that it was a new hotel but the rooms already seem a little dated. The TV isn't flat screen, there's no iPod dock and the decor in general feels a bit cheap. The toilet door didn't even close fully.Staff were very helpful but for the price and in comparison to the other hotels I stayed in around Canada on my trip I expected a little bit more.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoeKo18
<Content>Nice place, but not worth the price My wife and I stayed in this hotel on out wedding night. The lobby is small but the front desk staff were courteous and check-in was fast (It should have been at 1am!). The room was very clean and modern and of average size. The bathroom was nice and large, but my wife thought the peek-a-boo shower was weird. Overall nice hotel, but nothing spectacular and very expensive. I think you can find a better stay elsewhere for the price, or a the same stay at a cheaper price.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gunnarh
<Content>Beautiful The staff was very attentive, helpful, and pleasant. The room was amazing. In fact, the air conditioning in our first room wasn't working well enough for our tastes (we like it ice cold). Without any hesitation, they found another room for us and it was phenomenal. The room was quiet. The bathroom was well-appointed, the decor was hip and comfortable. The breakfast each morning was delicious and a real treat. It also was nice to have the Internet access in the lobby library. We'd definitely stay here again...we really felt spoiled the whole time we were here. The central location proved to be very convenient, too.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jiuyen
<Content>Beautiful decor; you might need the complimentary earplugs This boutique hotel is off the beaten path, located on a just off the main road back road in a very trendy part of town. I was surprised when the taxi stopped and thought, This can't be location, can it? But then I saw the nice entrance and waiting staff, and I knew I was in the right place.As others have mentioned, the decor is high modern. Like the W and other hotels adopting the trendy theme, green apples were used as decorations. I was told that the hotel was a converted warehouse.The good:* Room service was great. The food I ordered arrived promptly (within the 45 minutes quoted) and was delicious.* The room included plenty of creature comforts: complementary bottles of water (with an ice bucket filled every night), fluffy bath robes, a Bose radio, and Aveda products in the bathroom.* The working space was more than adequate. The desk in my room was surrounded by other flat surfaces that made it easy to spread out my paperwork.* At check-in, the staff was top notch. They had guessed who I might be and already started the process before I reached the desk.* Above-ground walking distance to lots of fun, small restaurants and bars (not connected to the series of underground passageways that make moving from building to building in Toronto in the winter easier).The not-so-good:* My room was on the street side, overlooking a little bar that had rooftop seating and, on one night, a movie playing outdoors. Fun, right? Also loud. Luckily, earplugs are provided. I was on the 9th floor, so the noise wasn't as distracting as it might have been, and I didn't have any problems sleeping. I am sure that this is not an issue in the Toronto winters!* I checked out at an odd time (6:30AM on a Saturday morning), and the staff was unprepared. I was running late, so I called downstairs to ask them to begin the process during my elevator ride. No one answered the phone. When I arrived at the desk, no one was there, and the bellman had to search for the gentlemen manning it. When he arrived, I mentioned that no one had answered my call. He never apologized, but provided an excuse: this was the time during which he did his paperwork.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>KeyWestFAN
<Content>Across from Second City Decor reminded me of a Nikko. Very nice. Definitely deserves 5 stars. Impressed with earplugs and umbrella in room along with everything else. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful. The Second City is across street along with Wayne Gretzky's - we walked to The Rex on Queen St. for jazz - was looking for Opal Jazz but turned wrong direction. If you can afford it, stay here. Oh, and while in town, be sure to check out Jamie Kennedy Wine Bar, 9 Church St. - great!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>PenA1976
<Content>Modern  We stayed at Hotel Le Germain for 6 nights in June 2007 - our first holiday to Toronto. In summary, the hotel was very clean, in a good location, the staff very helpful and overall, we were very happy with our stay. We stayed in a deluxe room (1006) which looked out of the back of the hotel which gave good views over the entertainment district. The room was very clean, tidy and of course the bathroom with the window into the room. We tried the room service which gave very large portions and well worth the money - especially after a hard day of sightseeing. Our rate included breakfast which was buffet style and always stocked plentifully with homecooked pastries, pancakes, muffins and also cereal, fruit, yogurt etc. During our stay, I celebrated my birthday. Upon our return to our room, there was a handwritten card from the conceirge and a handmade cake waiting for me. We didn't tell the hotel that it was birthday - it must have been the maid who noticed the birthday cards in the room.We used the conceirge to book a tour to Niagara Falls and a town car back to the airport. In both instances, they gave us the information and let us decide. They then organised everything on our behalf.The hotel is in a good location for the many restaurants and cafes of the entertainment district, the CN Tower, the Roger's Centre and the lake front.The Eaton Centre is within walking distance, and there are many streetcars that stop in the vicinity.We have stopped in many hotels around the world, and this is one of the best - highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>go_extreme
<Content>The best in Toronto       The Gym  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CantabCambridge_MA
<Content>Very stylish, yet still warm -- one of the very best I stayed for one night in the Le Germaine recently and though my stay was brief it was memorable. The hotel's decor is modern  stylish but still very warm, like the treatment I received from the front desk personnel and the concierge. The highlight of my stay was the room. I stayed in a Luxury Room. The dark wood tones coupled with the sophisticated lighting made for a stunning room. The room was spacious, with an incredibly comfortable king-sized bed, a chaise lounge, and a great walk-in shower in the bathroom. The shower has a rainfall showerhead and since the room's ceilings were 10-12 feet, it truly felt like rainfall! This was the nicest room (in a contemporary hotel) that I've ever stayed in, including stays at multiple W hotels in different cities.The small gym was well-equipped and the hotel has a great terrace on the 11th floor. The hotel is located in the entertainment district so there are the cute restaurants of King St nearby and lots of lounges  nightclubs also.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>partyofsix
<Content>Wow!!! What a wonderful hotel! Attention to detail is such a nice touch. After check in they remembered my name every staff member calls you by name when you enter the lobby! Our room glasswear was in french when we checked in at turn down they where in english! The management sent cookies and a g/c for chez victor to our room for my husband's birthday. Everyone was so great and so nice. The rooms are wonderful! So comfty the sheets are to die for! Every amentie you can image. First class all the way! I highly recommend this hotel if you are in town for a special occasion, or a want a romantic retreat for your stay we could not have asked for more. I've stayed at some very nice hotels and now le germain is the standard! Harbour house in NOTL was nice but nothing compared to this place. We had a tub and shower and my husband LOVED the shower i enjoyed the tub. And the peek a boo glass in the bathroom is very fun. It's pricey and so worth it. I did'nt feel cheated or let down at all. I would'nt consider another hotel on our next trip to toronto the location was terrific! Right in the heart of the downtown entertainment district.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bilgong2
<Content>Awesome! Similar to the W Hotels I really liked the hotel. The decor is very chic, minimalist, modern, very sophisticated. It has a feel very similar to the W Hotels. They have a library where you can borrow art books. Staff are professional and courteous. They remember how you like your coffee even after you stayed there only for two days (2% cappuccino). The rooms are immaculately clean, there's a huge workdesk. Very well lit rooms so you can work if you need to. It's the first hotel I've been to that every time you get back to your room, instead of silence, you're greeted with soothing music coming from the radio. The showers are great. Oh! They have a three sided mirror too. The breakfast consists of healthy food. Their attached restaurant though has small portions. When they can't get you a cab right away, they provide complimentary transportation to nearby places. Oh, I'm enjoying this hotel tremendously. Anyhow, the amount of attention to detail and care that went to this hotel is incredible. Definitely recommended.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cstaples
<Content>Nothing else comes close... I stay here up to 30 nights a year on business. I chose Le Germain after trying virtually every other hotel in Toronto-- from the Four Seasons to the Drake and everything in between. No other hotel has nicer rooms, friendlier staff or a better breakfast buffet. The only things Le Germain could improve are the room service menu (the current one is a bit esoteric) and the gym (a bit small). Everything else is perfect.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JSPrima
<Content>This is such a great hotel I really love this love this hotel. I've already planned my next trip back. The staff is super friendly and competent. A rare combination. The concierge consistently delivered on what they said they were going to do. My room was elegant, simple and functional.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Antheia
<Content>The best hotel I ever stayed at! I was traveling to Toronto for business. I always check Tripadvisor before booking any hotel. The reviews were mixed, as you can read. I like the pictures so much I thought I would give it a try. I stay at hotels often from the Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton to boutique hotels like Hotel Le Germain. This is the best hotel I have ever stayed at! I have stayed at 5 star hotels in the US, Paris, Rome and Switzerland. I am the ultimate critic, this place surpasses the word, superb. Wow!!Room 611is unbelievable, I assume all the rooms are equal in quality and decor. The bed is huge and comfortable, the bathroom incredible. One wall in the bathroom is glass with wooden blinds so that they can be closed or open. This wall is the the shower wall where you can look directly to the bed from the bathroom. I have never seen a room designed in this manner. It was very cool! I never take a bath in a public tub, this one you could have eaten off of it. The tub was trimmed in black slate, the shower head powerful with multiple settings. One thing I noticed, that towels smelled and looked so clean. I only remember the Four Seasons as having towels that are comparable and not at all Four Seasons. I sometimes travel with my own towels since they never seem to smell clean and I always attriute this to diluted detergent. These towels were clean, soft and fragrant. The details were incomparable to any place I have ever been. Recessed lights, custom furniture. The library has a computer and printer where I printed my color presentation for free. The living rooms downstairs have comfortable white couches with a cozy fireplace. The staff were exceptionally courteous; they went over and above to ensure I had everything. There was an expresso machine for complimentary capaccino, expresso, tea, coffee, etc. in the library and in the breakfast room. The breakfast spread had salmon, black olives, fresh pastries including croissants, jellies, fresh fruit, crepes, everything. You can order any type of coffee you want they make it right there. I felt like I was at Starbucks, but better. Simply superb. I was amazed at the attention to detail. I told my husband that I would return to Toronto just so that he could experience this hotel. I didn't want to leave!Dinner:Dinner at Rodney's oyster bar. I sampled different oysters from various parts of the world. The fish dinner and beer selections fantastic! If you like fresh seafood, you'll love Rodney's. I can't say enough about this hotel. I hope that someday I can return. I wish I could only have shared this experience with a family member or friend. This is how exception Hotel Le Germain really is.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hatehardpillows
<Content>Nothing special When I walked in to the hotel the lobby looked very nice and aroused interest in how the rest of it will look like. The room was all right, but not special in comparison to other hotels I'd been to in Toronto. The overall location is OK, but it is in a random side street, and the entrance's location is a bit incognito. There was a big window in the room, looking to some office buildings windows, and nothing more. Sort of like having your view blocked by bricks. When I stayed at the Toronto Hilton, they had gorgeous view in comparison. The toiletries were pretty bad - I personally don't like Rosemary Mint (Aveda). It's the least favorite toiletries I had so far in any hotel. The menu was extremely small and a little too complicated. The staff was very friendly, but did strike me a bit amateur. My heating was making a bad sound and I had to call them several times about it, and then changed rooms. The gym could have been a bit better. Their wine selection is very good. Their self-served breakfast is very nice and cozy. In general, The hotel is OK, but if you're looking for something special, I wouldn't recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>workplayrest
<Content>Honeymoon We recently spent our honeymoon at Hotel Le Germain, prior to arriving we upgraded to a Luxury suite with a 50鈥?plasma TV. If you like to lie in bed and watch TV the upgrade seems necessary as the shape of the rooms and size of the TV in other rooms are not conducive to this activity, otherwise the seating and desk area is sufficient. We were happy with the indoor valet parking offered by the hotel. We were very happy with the room and public areas. The housekeeping and turndown service was adequate. The daily complementary breakfast was delicious. The concierge was helpful securing dinner reservations and the front desk people were always able to accurately answer our questions. The service of the doormen were inconsistent, often they were MIA as we were coming and going and sometimes they stood by as I struggled with the door myself. The location is about a half block away from entrance to the underground PATH system. Overall a great honeymoon experience here.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>busymomtraveller
<Content>One of the Best EVER!! This amazing boutique hotel is in the heart of the theatre district in Toronto. When you get out of your car, the friendly valet service escorts you into the chic lobby, of course with a real fire burning in the glass enclosed fireplace, to the front desk, where once again you are greeted by friendly, smiling faces. We were checked in very quickly, given all the info for the special occasion, as it was New Years Eve. When we entered our room, it was exactly as it looked on the internet. Absolutely amazing!!I cannot express how wonderful this hotel is. I've stayed at some of the best hotels in the world, including the Ritz in Paris, and this one ranks with them!! They had a wonderful brunch for New Years day, which was included in the price of our room!! Unbelievable!!! The entire staff are truly over the top with every detail covered. I wish we could have stayed longer! We will definitely be staying there again soon!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jowers
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We stayed here on the last night of our honeymoon, having stayed in the Soho Metropolitan at the beginning of our trip. Le Germain was superior in every way.We were extremely impressed that, for such a large hotel, they made a special effort for our honeymoon, providing complementary breakfast in bed, a card from the Concierge and a pair of glasses engraved with the room number. Our room was beautiful and extremely well appointed. The glass-fronted bathroom was fabulous and could only have been improved with the addition of a bath in addition to the walk-in shower. After our special welcome, we found the staff helpful and attentive throughout.The only let down was the restaurant, where the food was overpriced and average quality; the breakfast was also not quite as good as we'd expected given the quality elsewhere. If you avoid the restaurant, though, this is a really beautiful hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SurfJogger
<Content>Liked this place a lot Stylish, modern hotel. The rooms are nice. Upscale, modern looking, maybe pretentious, furniture. Big, elegant bathrooms. Staff was helpful and the location was perfect -- most of the key points of interest are within walking distance. Good restaurants are nearby. The hotel's own restaurant is also nice, if pricey. My only complaint -- no draft beer. Breakfast is really good.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>eskimopou
<Content>Nice rooms, amateur staff The hotel has a lot of potential. The rooms are very good, stylish, spacious, well appointed and quiet with great bathrooms. Breakfast is very good.However, the hotel staff are hopelessly amateur. The front desk staff didn't know where the Ontario Art Gallery was nor when the hotel's restaurant 'Chez Victor' opened (in fact they got it wrong).The bar staff were slow, not customer-focused and not very competent (someone should tell them a martini with a twist is not a martini with a slice of lemon stuck on the side of the glass....- when you're charging $15 - get it right!).This hotel charges 4 star rates and has 4 star rooms, but has 2 star staff. For the money, one can do a lot better.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	2	2	2	

<Author>CitizenMark
<Content>Is there a manager in this hotel? Staff unable to provide accurate information about the hotel's services and about the hotel's neighbourhood. Staff was rude on multiple occasion and laughing at the fact that they were wrong about some of the hotel's services. No manager on site to resolve our problems. This hotel is an empty shell... Very nice, but no substance.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	5	5	4	4	1	2	

<Author>JohnTheGeologist
<Content>Still as good as the first time We had first stayed in Le Germain a few months after the hotel had opened in 2003; this time the hotel had added a restaurant, a gym and a larger mezzanine breakfast area. The rooms are clean and modern with a lot of dark wood, a powerful glass-enclosed shower, and a very large bed with Frette linen. We didn't need the optional DVD player, as the hotel has a very large list of current movies on-demand through the TV. The staff are polite and helpful, with an added touch of French-Canadien charm and laid-back urban cool. The double-height lobby is a great place to relax with a drink, catch up on emails or just people watch.The continental breakfasts were good - I can particularly recommend the cinnamon buns! The restaurant menu looked interesting, but unfortunately the restaurant was fully booked the evening we tried to eat there. However the hotel is just a minute away from King St W and the variety of eateries there. We didn't go hungry!I would not hesitate to stay there on my next trip to TO.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Gorgon12
<Content>Stylish Choice I'm a regular in Toronto for business living in New York and have stayed at most of the higher end/luxury properties. While it isn't a match for the Four Seasons, it's a stylish choice, with a great downtown location in the entertainment district, with very luxe rooms (comfy duvet, soothing modern color scheme, great glass showers). Although the service may not live up to 5-star standards, if you can get a decent price on the rooms, it's an excellent choice for business and leisure travellers. (in comparison, however, the Soho Met accross the street is a better, if somewhat more expensive choice).  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Jasperfrog
<Content>Stylish and Cozy with great staff I decided to book this hotel based on feedback left on Tripadvisor and I'm so glad that I did. The place is stylish, yet cosy. The rooms are an absolute treat - the Frette linen on the bed is amazing, the size of the room was bigger than we expected and the bathroom was wonderful with an amazing rainfall shower - you may never want to leave the room, but if you do, make sure you indulge in the complimentary breakfast, which kept us going throughout the day.The hotel reception is very trendy and all the staff are dressed in impeccably. Everyone was friendly, courteous and overall very professional.The lounge area has a lovely 'bar' corner and shelves of books that you want to pick and browse through.Toronto is an amazing city and this hotel fits in so well.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BuddyMalloy
<Content>Good, not Great I've been to T.O. more times than I can remember, and have stayed at many fine hotels. This one's nice, but certainly not the best (check out the Four Seasons in Yorkville for that).Yes, the room is very good - deep soaking tub, rain like shower, plenty of towels and amenities. The LCD TV is awful, as it's very complicated to get the DVD player to work, nor can you adjust the television screen (it's like they de-activated those buttons...?) - and the picture is not great. My room, a suite, came with both a empty fridge and a bar fridge, nice touch. Unfortunately all the creamers in the fridge had gone bad. Not great when you have people over for a meeting and you find out the hard way. Maybe it's because they had turned the fridge to its lowest setting...?The service is just plain wrong though. Awful. The reservation system was always down, nor do they make any attempt to call you back after leaving repeated messages. Front Desk told me half hour till your room is ready and left me waiting in the lobby well over an hour with no update. The valet guys who got my car for me upon checking out were too busy fighting to notice I was standing there. My suite had a terrific balcony, huge. But be warned, they only seem to exist on the 7th floor. Room service? Yes, it exists but not for breakfast (please explain that to me...). If you want an ideal location, great room and fantastic service, try the Four Seasons in Yorkville. The prices for a suite are much, much cheaper and you can't go wrong there. Le Germain's bathrooom has them beat, but the Four Seasons wins on everything else by a mile.I would not return, not when I can get far, far better for much less.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	-1	1	3	

<Author>pushplay
<Content>Le Germain Toronto: what dreams are made of!       The luxurious bath - you can watch TV thanks to its glass wall  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lesliek
<Content>reason enough to go to toronto absolutely fabulous. chic, elegant, great service, fabulous design, incredibly comfortable, spacious rooms. i'm looking for an excuse to return to toronto just to stay there!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MGSUCH
<Content>Amazing!!! My now husband and I came to Toronto to get married and stayed at Le Germain. The staff greeted us by name when we walked up to the counter. When they found out why were there they sent turffles, glasses etched with our room number and a certificate for breakfast in bed to our room. The room was beautiful and spacious. The bathroom was amazing. The shower was a giant rainfall showerhead that was not to be believed. This is an exquisite hotel. They made our wedding trip all the more enjoyable.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ExperiencedTravelers
<Content>Ultra Chic Having never been in Toronto we were quite pleased at this hotel. It is clearly a boutique hotel in every sense of the word. The room was very large, with a flat screen T.V. and huge bathroom. Service was impeccable - as good as any 5 star hotel we have been in. The front desk went out of their way to help, and the maids were there almost before you left the room. Of course they had turn down service and chocolates on the pillow, but also nice touches like a bottle of water by your bed in case you are thirsty late at night. Since the hotel is in the entertainment/fashion district they give you ear plugs for the night noise. We were on the 4th floor and only heard some music one night; I am a very light sleeper and it did not bother me. If you can afford it (yes, the place is pricy) it is well worth the extra money to stay here.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>larkoolaw
<Content>little bit late night street noise Hotel Germain is a very relaxing hotel in a good location if you are interested in checking out all the various neigborhoods and sights. It is in the entertainment district so late night noise is heard. We were on the highest floor and could still hear music and talking late into the night. The hotel does provide earplugs but the best earplugs can be found at Target- made out of wax. We used these and all was good. Obviously we heard the normal street sounds in the morning- construtions, etc- but it is a big city!The complimentary breakfast is very nice and the servers are very polite and helpful. The actual dining area for breakfast is nice but with a cafeteria/business feel to it-- but oh well.The lobby is nice with great art books and free internet. Rooms are nice- great beds- bathrooms are a bit dark but nice- hallways to rooms are kinda ugly- but who hangs out in hallways. Only disappointing issue was the workout room. Really small and only one machine had a tv to work out to. I assume they were working on the others or replacing them.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>northerndecorator
<Content>Without a doubt the best hotel in Toronto       Powder Room  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>melycapa
<Content>Le Germain - A slightly confusing experience I treated my boyfriend to a night at Le Germain in February of this year. We had a great time luxuriating in bed (sheets are divine) but also had a few problems.One, the valet parking was quite confusing. I was driving my car, and my boyfriend was in the passenger seat. As it was pouring rain, the doorman came to the car, opened the passenger door and escorted my boyfriend to the door. He didn't come back for me!! So I hopped out of the car, grabbed the bags and made a mad dash for the lobby in the rain. (somewhat embarassing!)The same thing happened on the way out for dinner - The valet guy opened the passenger side door for my boyfriend and didn't do the same for me!In the morning, we received a SPECTACULAR breakfast in bed which we pre-ordered the night before. It was perfect, and the coffee was awesome. Don't be shy to order anything off the menu - we realized too late that we should have ordered a bit more. (it's just one price for the whole spread)We had paid for the late checkout, (3 pm) but around 12.30 pm, there was a rattling of the door, and a bellboy appeared in our room uninvited!! I was quite shocked to see him as I was quite unclothed at the time! The mini bar is very well stocked albeit expensive - we indulged in the portable oxygen tank for an extra 15 dollars. An interesting experience, but I didn't really feel that it made much of a difference.All in all, we had a good time hanging out, eating breakfast and being together - Hopefully the valet guys will get their act together and the communication between the front desk and the bellboys will improve!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Heaven!! After spending many hours researching Toronto hotels for our first two nights of honeymoon (early December) before heading to sunnier climes, my husband booked Le Germain. We were thrilled with our experience.The staff were friendly, attentive to detail~ (providing me with a vase for my bouquet) and they went above and beyond.  The room was very tastefully decorated and I love the Aveda products in the bathroom:) We wish we could take up residence and sigh every time we pass it now... maybe another few nights for our 1st anniversary...I'll start hinting now.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LtDan
<Content>Spectacular I treated my wife to a stay at Le Germain for her birthday, and I practically had to drag her out of the room the next morning. It was stunning, from the decor -- dark wood, high ceilings, luxurious bed, comfortable chairs, beautiful bathroom -- to the service. The staff was professional and thorough, check-in/out was quick, the lobby and library are gorgeous...even the continental breakfast was impressive!I also *highly* recommend eating downstairs at Luce if you have the chance. Be sure to book a table when you make your reservation.It's not a cheap hotel, but I'd recommend it over the comparably-priced Soho Met any day of the week. That said, if you stay at Le Germain for a second night, you might want to sneak over to the Soho Met for a meal at Senses!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tinkerbeth
<Content>Wish I Could Live there We picked Le Germain after reading about it on Trip Advisor. It is pricey! But worth it. Huge walk in shower (no bath tub) and a continental breakfast to DIE for. Smoked Salmon, cappuccino, fresh fruit like berries and pineapple, crepes. Free papers and not just the National Post! Also a wonderful cozy lobby/sitting room with a wood fire and free internet access in the sitting room. Aveda toiletries, free bottled water and granny smith apples everywhere, and lovely robes. Can't wait to go back but have to save my pennies first! We went to Second city as it is right down the street. That was great too! :)  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'll be back! After a terrible reservation mixup at the SOHO Metropolitan we checked into the Germain. The staff was great and very helpful (and we had 2 little kids with us).... King sized beds only but rooms were certainly roomy enough to accomodate a cot. Bathrooms were really well designed with high quality fixtures. I thought the lighting in the entire hotel was well. Hotel was in a good location right across from Second City. Some nice restaurants within walking distance. Brunch at the hotel was good and the staff very friendly. The best part of the lobby was the self serve espresso machine and the log burning fireplace. For the negatives - and keep in mind we stayed New Year's Evening - some other guests were a little loud (we've started expecting this with some of the more popular boutique hotels) and a fire alarm was set off at 3 am forcing everyone to evacuate their rooms. However, there are earplugs in the room and fireman arrived at the hotel very promptly.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dreamy..... I am so thrilled to be giving a hotel such a wonderful review. My husband and I are from NYC and travel often. We are PICKY to say the least. I can honestly say I could find no fault with this luxurious little boutique hotel. The rooms were very spacious and user-friendly. They really paid attn to detail with the make-up mirror in the bathroom, to the excellent use of storage/closet space. The Frette sheets made me want to stay in bed all day. Hotel staff always friendly and helpful. A few restaurants to recommend: Trattoria Giancarlo in Little Italy is fabulous and rustic and intimate. JK Wine Bar was really fun and delicious--definitely go for the small plates and sit at the very comfprtable bar rather than reserving a table with the more traditional dinner menu. You'll love it and Toronto is a fantastic city. Have fun!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lbdivorcelaw
<Content>Sublime What a perfect weekend at Le Germain. The lobby is minimalist and comfortable at the same time. The concierge helped me with finding shopping in TO...but it was the room that made the stay. Great closet space, bathrooms to die for, perfect bedding, tons of cable channels, windows that open and a view of the CN Tower. The free breakfast was a perfect way to start the day. Really, I am a tough critic on hotels, but this worth every penny - and it is a pricey place to stay. If you are going to TO - which is a great city, don't overlook Le Germain.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>makis1
<Content>Great Experience When you stay here you feel really good. Especially when coming from the Metropolitan Toronto.It is very well worth the extra few dollars for a little peace of heaven.This was my second stay here and this time I got the Deluxe room over the Superior (standard). Wow what a difference 50 sq feet makes. The lobby is fantastic and soothing with a real wood burning fireplace. The design of the hotel is nice but what set's it apart are the materials. equisite woods and stone and stylish concrete. The bathrooms are fun with the rain shower and peekaboo wall to the main bedroom.Location is great as well right downtown but just off the main streets.One minor issue was that the room was not ready on time but hey I made the booking that morning so maybe it's ok.PS the Aveda Products are a nice bonus  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KeithTalent
<Content>Noisy and let down by some service howlers, but generally OK Nearly gave this 2 out of 5 following some incompetance and rudeness at checkout, but to be fair it's not that bad. Good lobby (no bar though, which is a let down for a boutique hotel), breakfast fine (coffee terrible - throw that machine away!), rooms well designed (although only showers - why no baths?).Biggest problem for me was the noise - lots of construction nearby, and this is in the heart of the Entertainment District. This has its advantages, as it's only a short walk to numerous bars and restaurants, but there is late night noise. They provide earplugs in the rooms, but there is no double-glazing. So lightsleepers should not apply!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lack of Lighting This is the 5th Tablet hotel we have stayed in around the world and I always look to them first to find something for a special occasion.....the only (and I mean the only) downside at the hotel was the lack of adequate lighting for make up application, but this often seems the case at most hotels (probably has much to do with the hotels we stay in being designed by the male species!). Otherwise our stay was great.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Boutique Hotel Great place to stay in Toronto. Nice hotel, modern amenities. Very clean and comfortable..Very neat bathroom. I stayed at this hotel for three days. From the moment I arrived they did everything to make my stay enjoyable. The rooms were impeccable. The beds were so comfortable and the pillows too...made it hard to want to get up in the morning. The shower was great too...u didn't want to get out of the shower either. The hotel was in a great location...close to shops, the CN tower, Harbourfront...and plenty of restaurants...if you like night life then this hotel is for you...you are close to several bars and clubs. I would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone.....and I will stay here again should I travel to Toronto....Also the conceirge was so helpful...extremly professional and dedicated to making your stay nice...her name is Marie-Eve Balla. She is very helpful in recommending things to do, to make reservations...no task to big or to small...I hope you stay here you won't regret it!!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great weekend ! My wife and I spent a great weekend at Le Germain. The hotel manages to be both very stylish and comfortable at the same time. The rooms are large and furnished with comfortable contemporary furnishings (great beds). The bathrooms are the best I have ever experienced ! We didn't have dinner at the restaurant but did have drinks and found the space to be very cool and the sevice excellent. The staff could not have been nicer with one doorman braving a rain storm to ensure we had a cab available to us quickly. The gym could be significantly better but given the rest of the experience we would go back in a heartbeat !  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RichardKW
<Content>Excellent Hotel Spent the weekend of July 29th - mirror what many have written here - great location, excellent service and modern, funky and spacious rooms.Note - the hotel does not have a liquor license and there is no hotel bar but there is a tiny alcove of a bar in the adjoining restaurant - btw, my wife and I had a outstanding meal here - pricey but worth it!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just perfect. The way good hotel should be. One of the best hotels I've stayed in. Absolutely perfect. Spend two days there in March, and was totally pleased.Room was stylish, modern, cosy, quite big, with interesting view from the vindow. Glass wall to the shower was very unusual and entertaining. Everything was clean and nice. Bathroom is very stylish too. It was Very quiet (probably hotel wasn't really busy).Lobby was so cosy I'd stay there. Bookshelfs, sofas everywhere and fresh logs in the fireplace all the time. Hotel stuff was effective. Registration/checkout was fast, and our car was ready in a few minutes every time.Breakfast was very good, no meats, but not usual ameircan-chain breakfast. Lots of cheeses and bakery and fruits. Modern looking and stylish breakfast room too.I don't really know what for people paying double price to stay in fancy rich hotels that really not that fancy and just plain old and boring.HIGHLY RECOMENDED.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>psod
<Content>worth the money I spent one night here recently and must say that I was VERY impressed. This is one of the top five hotels I've been in, anywhere in the world. The rooms are beautiful and the location is amazing. Since I was staying with my wife I must add that the shower was a nice touch!If you're looking for a hotel to treat yourself in Toronto, this is the one to chose!  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KateKirk
<Content>Wonderful well-located hotel! We recently enjoyed an anniversary weekend in Toronto and stayed at the Hotel LeGermain in the entertainment district. It was well worth the boutique price and I made a followup reservation for a business trip to the city 2 weeks later.This is a gorgeous modern hotel that is blocks from all the restaurants/shopping as well as the CN tower, ballpark and convention center. It has a chic but not slick lobby with an espresso/cappucino machine and many art/culture books to leaf through without thinking too much about anything. A 2-sided fireplace was warm and beautiful (on an April weekend when it snowed 48 hours straight). The lobby only warms you up for the well-sized and extremely comfortable rooms. The bathroom is generously sized and tiled in natural slate. The shower is a dramatic glass tower that is nearly in the center of the room -- with a blind on one side in case you are not an exhibitionist. It's got a dual shower head that pours all over and makes you want to spend the day there. The ceiling is really high and the windows are quite large. The concierge was exceedingly helpful and pleasant, as were the young women staffing the breakfast room where breakfast--continental but varied-- is served until about 11 am. Note to those who travel when the weather is nicer and all the adjacent clubs/restaurants are hopping...this hotel could be awfully loud. There was a large roof deck bar just 20 yards across the street from our window and we noticed that the hotel provides earplugs in the room. Part of the thrill of staying in a hotel that's cooler than you are!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I have to agree with some of the others I recently stayed at the Le Germain and I have to agree with some of the previous reviews. The rooms are nice, building is very new, but the service is lacking. I was let down in the end by the total package. You can't have a boutique hotel without the service. I'd stay elsewhere.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swankmommy
<Content>A nice stay. We had a wonderful room here. We had stayed at the one in Montreal and loved it, so we thought we would try the one in TO. We found the rooms in Toronto much bigger than Montreal, which was a nice bonus.We loved the atmosphere. We were there to see Madonna, so it went with the fun and glam theme! Great bathroom for getting ready in and it has a sexy glass window for taking a peak at your partner in the shower/bath (with blinds for those who are slightly prudish!). Our only complaint was that the room service menu was way too complicated. We just wanted some snacks and had to go get them ourselves at some stores near by. We also came in late and wanted something yummy for dinner, but found to menu way too picky and posh. That's great for the restaurant and we are all for ambiance, but for room service they need to be more grounded with their offerings.All in all a great stay and a much needed boutique hotel for TO. A little off the beaten path, a tad noisey on weekends being in bar district and they need to work on the food. We would still go back though (just with some treats in our bags and earplugs just in case!).  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aussiedogz
<Content>Le Germain Intimate, understated luxury I am so glad I stayed here for my recent business trip instead of one of the same old boring chain hotels. This is a really beautiful, intimate place. My room was a nice size and from a design standpoint, unbeatable. I can't wait to stay here again. Without a doubt the best, most stunning to look at, shower I have ever experienced in my life. I do have to reiterate the criticism of the TV reception. However, a few moments under the thick down comforter and crisp cotton sheets and I was out like a light. No need for TV anyway.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the Best Hotels in Canada!!       Le Germaine - Room 910 (Note Cool Glass Shower Beside Bed!)  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SandyB
<Content>It's the little things at Le Germain Hotel ... We thoroughly enjoyed our long weekend stay at Le Germain Hotel in Toronto (although the changing exchange rate between the American and Canadian dollar made it more expensive than we'd anticipated). First of all, it has a fabulous location in the middle of the Entertainment district. We enjoy walking and, from Le Germain, we were able to foot it to Queen Street, Kensington Martket, Chinatown, and even Little Italy. (We enjoy a more neighborhoody, authentic experience, so stayed away from the Bloor Street high couture thing.) We had a standard Queen room, but found it absolutely wonderful. Nothing standard about it -- the best bed I think I've ever slept in, outfitted with high count cotton sheets, down comforter, 4 huge down pillows ... ahhh. There was a large comfortable chair with a large, soft throw, for curling up and reading. One side of the shower is a glass wall (visible from the room, with blinds for the more discrete). The shower itself is wonderful with a choice of either a ceiling rainshower or hand-held shower head that can be attached to a lower level (for shorter people, or those who don't want to wash their hair). There were shelves and cubby holes everywhere in the large room that enabled you to spread out and really claim the space. Also, there were many large drawers and two closets for hanging articles, which also had shelves. There were many small touches throughout the room that showed alot of thought had gone into the design -- for example, a 3-way mirror mounted on the wall at face level that opened like a cabinet and, below that, a drop down shelf to hold make-up or whatever. Also, the lighting was varied and generous. I (as opposed to another post) enjoyed the breakfast food: coffee, expresso, juice, homemade jams, hard-boiled eggs, breads, pastries, bagels, croissants, fruits(citrus' membranes removed), crepes, muesli ... dunno what else you could want, unless you were looking for fried food. There were two servers who were helping all the while and remembered the next day that I liked cappucino with extra milk and brought it over immediately. A nice and welcomed touch. The lobby has two levels with a glassed-in fireplace separating the two burning real wood, as well as a laptop connected to the internet, comfortable furniture, a floor-to-ceiling library, and a free expresso machine. I would term the decor as european sleek, but very comfortable. The hotel staff is young, extremely polite, and eager to please. They've obviously been well-trained. There was also a free, fitness room on the top floor with a weight machine, two treadmills, and an eliptical trainer. All the cardio machines had individual TVs. I found the one drawback being the concierge desk. They tried to be helpful, but really weren't well versed in the city. I was wondering about a few places I had read about in various travel books, and they weren't familiar with them. They were very responsive with specific requests like restaurant reservations. I asked my questions elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>Chic and comfortable We stayed in this hotel last June and found it excellent. The rooms are chic and very comfortable, and we enjoyed the generous continental breakfast in the gallery. The lobby is stunning, and the restaurant (Luce) very good. We didn't consult the concierge so can't comment, but overall, we had no reason to complain about the service. In any case, the service here was better than at the Soho Metropolitan, where we also stayed.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing - but nice from a distance. Having booked a special weekend as a Birthday suprise for my husband (who usually does all the holiday booking) at first I was really pleased to read the reviews and especially the Conde Nast Hip Hotel Award. Sadly, at first glance the hotel certainly did look good and hip. However, the room was damp, there was no room service, a concierge desk that was never manned, and really no atmosphere of anything vaguely hip (except perhaps the art books in the lounge). The rooms looked good and the bed really comfortable - finally after having requested the bedding being changed again nearer bedtime as the air conditioning created damp bedding during the course of the day. A plasma screen TV in the suite was nice, but not tuned in correctly and therefore a fuzzy picture was the best to hope for and the DVD not connected to the TV, which was strange since they charge for DVD rental! 4 workmen later in the room on 3 separate days did nothing to solve these problems.The coffee (only available in the lounge on a help yourself basis) was nice. Breakfast was help yourself but limited to bakery and cereal and in a room more suited to a conference facility. Earplugs in the room might make some worry at the noise levels, but this was fine. The Aveda bathroom goodies were a nice touch. In fact, everything looked good at first glance, but as a guest/user of the faciities it did not live up to expectations and already looking worn around the edges. Calling for the Manager who says i'll be with you in a minute and then takes 40 minutes is never going to be a good sign at customer satisfaction.Would I go back? NO. Did husband enjoy his birthday surprise? Politely he said Toronto was nice. Later he admitted the hotel left him more stressed that before he got there!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of erroneous charges Hotel's bar, called LUCE, is not bad, but the waiter had made an upward error on our check. Once it was pointed out to him, he advised us to just sign the top copy of the credit card receipt. The charge posting to our credit card was inflated even more - because in addition to making an original error the waiter has added himself a tip of 22%. So beware of having to pay CAD20 for a coctail priced at CAD12. Also, think twice before using your credit card here.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cooltorontoguy
<Content>Looks good but's that's about it. One of the best and at the same time one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. The place looks great, but that's about it. Staff are aloof: I've had better service at a McDonald's drive through than I did checking in and out of this place. Asking for recommendations, I felt as if I was talking to myself.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No bar snacks?? The bar is nice, the whole place is very wallpaper-y, but they have no bar snacks, no bar snacks menu, and the request threw the all-black clad staff into a bit of a tizz. I felt like I was being waited on by Dieter.Yes, we could have ordered the antipasto platter, invented daily and no price given on the menu, or they could spring for a bowl of almonds at the table!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichaelInTexas
<Content>Nice hotel We found the Le Germain very nice, above average furnishings and amenities. The houskeeping and waite staff were very good, and the continental breakfast was also above average. The gym, although very limited, was high-tech and very nice;offering free water bottels etc. Of the two problems we had only one can be addressed by the managment. The concierge was not very good, referring to the Toronto magazine for information. (which we had of course already done), we never felt that we received fresh and usefull information. The problem they have that they cannot help, is that there is a rooftop club right across the street, and if you have a room that faces the front of the hotel, you have music and loud people till 2 am, then drunk loud people leaving the club till about 2:30 am. So all in all this is a very nice hotel, just do not depend on the concierge, and request a room facing the back of the building, just remember this hotel is in the entertainment section of Toronto, and there are clubs in every direction!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Northerngirl1
<Content>An Exceptional Downtown Hotel!! We recently had the pleasure of a four-night stay at Le Germain Hotel in Toronto and must offer our comments about this wonderful hotel. We had read about Le Germain in Conde Nast magazine and when we compared rates, we found that the cost of the vastly superior rooms at this smaller upscale hotel were very reasonable, particularly with the superior continental breakfast served each morning. We鈥檙e very glad we booked. The rooms, although modern in design, are warm and inviting due to the extensive amount of beautifully finished hardwood, soft room colors, and clever lighting. Added touches such as: glasses etched with the room numbers, robes, free internet service, DVD players, the espresso machine in the lobby, and a small, but top-notch, exercise room - makes the hotel truly first-class. The beds, with their soft cotton duvets, huge feather pillows, and sleep-forever mattresses are fabulous. The bathrooms with the stone, marble, glass and wood design elements are a vacation unto themselves, particularly the rain shower faucets (oh my but they are nice!), and Aveda bath products. The breakfast each morning was one of the best we鈥檝e encountered in years of traveling. The fair-sized breakfast room on the second floor is quite nice, where you can either enjoy a relaxing, leisurely start to the day, or a quick start to a business work day. We found the staff to be exceptional (contrary to a few comments in other earlier reviews). Whether it was the front desk or concierge, the doormen, or the very friendly breakfast servers, Le Germain鈥檚 service staff is courteous, professional, and first-class in all respects. I and my family were very appreciative of the fact that we received the benefit of a complimentary upgrade to two rooms when our booked room became unavailable. Even without this quite exceptional gesture, we concluded that Le Germain is one of the most impressive hotels in downtown Toronto. We鈥檝e already booked again when we are next in the city.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best chain in Canada I stayed at Le Germain Toronto last April.Great hotel, well modern design, delicious included breakfast, best bed I ever slept, spaciously room, marvelous shower, good location. During my 12 day vacation around Canada, this was the best hotel I stayed.The Quebec branch is as nice as the Toronto one, but more cosy and cheaper.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>okay but internet is hit and miss Good looking place. Experienced similar problems with the internet. Staff didn't seem able to correct the problem - the approach they seemed to take was well it is free. They did let me use of of there computers where the internet seemed to be all right, just not very convenient. A colleague of mine who stayed here a few months back also had a similar experience with the internet. Restaurant is really small, but there are a lot of great places in the neighbourhood.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mistrosmom
<Content>Attention given to the smallest details.   showReview(1742197, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shemtov
<Content>A Qualified Thumbs Up A very nicely designed hotel, nice bed, rooms, bathroom, furniture, etc. Beautiful bathrobes, etc. Below the surface, things were a little shakier. The high-speed internet port in my room did not work and other than confirming that it wasn't working, nobody really tried to do anything about it and the offer of a different room was exceedingly half-hearted. Also, the temperature control system in the room wasn't working very well. All not great signs in a brand-new place.Anyway, I definitely liked their style and will definitely give it another try, but if I have similar problems next time, I will probably move on.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sufenta
<Content>nice place to stay   showReview(1643189, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>genevieve1976
<Content>A Little Touch Of Montreal   showReview(1559297, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fab-location-hunter
<Content>This is the place   showReview(1550569, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The place to stay when in TO   showReview(1518081, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alibasher
<Content>Really relaxing and very comfortable!   showReview(1491368, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just great   showReview(1435984, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Looks can be deceiving   showReview(1396756, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stop searching   showReview(1331285, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Did Not Disappoint   showReview(1218297, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>minikat
<Content>Superbe h么tel   showReview(17373426, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仌銈屻伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19159031, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

