<Author>NathalieMH
<Content>Unfriendly staff, small and noisy rooms Unfriendly staff, small and noisy rooms. The first room we got was at the back of the hotel. There was no noice from the street but we could hear the people in de next room breathing. We got another room but this room was even worse. A little bigger, but a lot more noisy (from the street as well as from our neighbours in rooms next to ours and above and under ours)! We stayed here for six nights (it was very busy in Barcelona and we could not find another hotel) and every night there were lots of shouting and drunk people in the hallway. Cleaning started early with loud sounds in the hallway from early in the morning untill the end of the afternoon (so no siesta for us). The restaurant of this hotel was closed, this was not mentioned on the website.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	1	2	

<Author>LaurenA1
<Content>Perfect for practical travellers My boyfriend and I stayed for two nights during July and found the hotel to be pretty much as its shown on the website - whihc is a good thing. The room was a decent size, fairly basic in that it consisted of a bed, desk and chair, but then that is exactly what we expected. The decor - all red, white and black gives a clean, modern atmosphere. There is also a safe in each room and loads of power points - handly for computers/ipods/phones etc. The staff we encountered could not be described as super-friendly but were certainly polite and attentive.The location is great - the northern part of El Raval so on a narrow street packed with funky music and clothes shops as well as some cheaper cafes and bars, but also less than 5 mins walk to Las Ramblas and into the Gothic Quarter or north into the rest of the city.I did notice a few things that didn't really bother us in the end but would certainly bother others:- the AC seemed to have two settings - Arctic or off;- the corridors smell very strongly of cigarette smoke (although our room was fine);- there was some street noise in our room on the second floor - people during the night and traffic (seemed to be a lot of trucks loading and unloading) during the day so earplugs are recommended if you're a light sleeper; and- the lifts take an age to arrive so we usually took the stairs.But overall I'd recommend this to travellers, especially younger travellers who like somewhere more upmarket than the hostels who might appreciate the modernity and basic aesthetic of the place.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Efrat120
<Content>A Great choice! After a very, very long research I decided to choose this hotel for our 5 day trip in Barcelona, and I am very happy that I did so.Hotel Ciutat Vella is a new hotel, situated very close to placa catalunya, on the border between Raval and L'eixample- perfect. In spite of the central location, it's situated in a narrow, beautiful street- and yes, a quiet one! Our room faced the street, and we had a nice little balcony that allowed us to sit and enjoy the liveliness of the street when we wanted to, and to sleep quietly once we shut the doors. The Universitat Metro station was exactly 1 minute walk from the hotel, and it was extremely comfortable. buy the T10 ticket at the ticket machine!The room was not big but just big enough, with a desk, daily room cleaning service, TV, closet, reading lamps, a balcony, a safe and a bath. one afternoon we discovered that our key (which is a card) stopped working and that anyone could enter our room easily just by opening the door. The man at the reception was extremely helpful and fixed the problem immediately. There's a jacuzzi at the top floor, with a nice view- it was fun even though the water was lukewarm! There's free internet access at the computer at the lobby, complimentary water, coffee and sometimes a pastry too! we didn't have breakfast at the hotel since there were so many appealing - and cheaper- options at the streets. This is a new and comfortable hotel not yet discovered by the masses.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NetherWallop
<Content>Good value and central location Overall I would recommend this hotel. The positives:* Good location - only a couple of minutes walk to Plaza Catalunya, La Rambla, and also to the Museum of Contemporary Art* Very clean room with both a bath and shower (you'll be glad of a soak in the bath after walking all day around the city!)* Lovely roof terrace with views over the city and a hot tub* Free internet access * Staff were very helpful and will store luggage until it is time to check in* Free bottled water at receptionThe negatives:* The rooms are quite small* The hotel can be rather noisy at night due to British hen / stag party guests slamming doors and shouting when they stagger back from the bars / clubs.* I had a room with a window that opened onto an internal atrium so no fresh air which I was disappointed about as I prefer fresh air to a/c.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Singa
<Content>Location location location       Side rd off Universitat to hotel  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>anonymous52
<Content>Clean, Basic and Central After searching many hotels in Barcelona I decided on this hotel mainly because it was new and the rate was reasonable. The hotel is located just off the Ramblas (2 mins walk) Just outside the hotel there was major road works going on, which although was an eyesore once in the hotel we were not bothered by this. We had a room on the 1st floor with a small patio, although no view (a wall) we appreciated the outdoor space. Lighting in the room was not great but all in all the room / bathroom was very clean and comfortable. Amenities are limited however enough to make your stay comfortable for 2 or 3 nights. If staying longer I would try to find something with a few more amenities. The complimentary water / coffee / pastries were a nice touch. Overall a clean, basic central hotel  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>seoulsister
<Content>Hotel Theft Ruined our Vacation This hotel opened on Sept 17, 2007, so we were among the first guests of the week. We were happy to stumble upon it while scouting hotels as our apt stay (booked through GoBCN- to be commented on another post) was unexpectedly cancelled upon arrival and we were stuck without a place to stay - this during the La Merce festival, Barcelona's biggest of the year. It's like trying to find a hotel in Times Square on New Year's Eve! There were vacancies because the hotel was 1. new, and 2. not ready for guests. How new? The hotel towels were straight from the factory, and therefore not washed, and therefore pilling all over you after your shower. How not ready? For the entire week we were there (Sept 21 to 28), we slept without a proper blanket or comforter - they hadn't arrived yet. It got chilly at night and they gave us a fleece throw (supplied by the sister hotel, Ciutat Barcelona Hotel, in lime green; the colour scheme here is red, black and white), could only spare one, and we were still cold. Another drawback is that the double beds are two singles adjoined, which hasn't bothered us at other hotels as much, but here the linens are also made up separately, so you have to fish out the sheets in order to sleep together as a couple, and fall through if you lie in the middle. Otherwise the beds are hard and firm, so-so quality foam pillows. One of the best qualities of the hotel is its location, very close to Las Ramblas, and so while you can hear the street noise somewhat, it's very walkable to attractions in Bari Gottic, etc. It's designed as a clean and stylish hotel (but not so clean as 10 rooms were still under construction, so things like cement drippings not scraped off the linoleum floor in our room, etc.). And, most importantly, the room safe not securely bolted to the floor.I never travel with much cash, but we were coming from Korea with an unfavorable exchange rate, preferred not to use my Canadian visa card, and were unsure if our Korean credit cards would work overseas; as it turns out, mine did, my husband's didn't. So I carried a moneybelt for the first time in my life (like everyone, have heard of Barcelona's petty theft problems, and when witnessing the mass of humanity that Las Ramblas is, can see how your wallet can get separated from your person in the blink of an eye). When I saw the hotel had a safe, I stored the money in there, as explicitly advised by the hotel in a security briefing form given to all guests upon check-in: Use the Hotel safe and do not leave valuable objects or large amount of cash in your room. There is no central safe at reception - they meant use the safe in the room. On the third day of our stay, I discovered the contents of our hotel room safe were missing. I couldn't open the lock, my code wasn't working. So the receptionist came up with the master code and unlocked the safe...all gone! 1,700 euros and my husband's passport missing. We were incredibly shocked and shaken. Hours of police report and investigation, the staff were fingerprinted, our room brushed for fingerprints. And it was later discovered that a guest (with a fake Belgian passport and invalid credit card) in the adjoining room had broken in through the terrace into not only our room, but the room on the other side of her room, to steal a bag the day prior. She then came into our room, unbolted the shelving that the safe was bolted to, dragged the shelf (with our safe) into her room, and dragged her shelf and safe into ours. She switched safes! And used the rolling carry-on bag she stole from the other room to carry out the safe!!! Talk about an ingenious crime.We suffered not only from this theft but also the aftermath, primarily dealing with the hotel manager, who also manages Ciutat Barcelona Hotel, who was not only elusive (he refused to meet us in person, only accessible by telephone through his staff), but evasive about how, when and if we would be compensated. In the end he says he expedited the insurance process so that our euros were returned to us finally on the day of our departure from Barcelona (we were going on to Venice that weekend) rather than waiting out a usually 2 month-long process - and for that we should be grateful, and we are - but would not compensate us for the costs of recovering the passport (my husband's nationality is Korean so, upon going to the consulate in Barcelona to discover it is only an honorary one and doesn't issue passports, we were informed that we'd have to go to the embassy in Madrid to get a new temporary passport -- we traveled to Madrid by train the next day, a 9 hour+ return trip, another wasted day) - because his insurance would only cover the stolen money, he said.After the theft, we were shaken enough that we had no energy or appetite to tour the sights (I've wanted to see the Gaudi buildings and Park Guell forever, since I was a teenager, and had planned for months for this trip - my husband himself has one week off in a year, notoriously short Korean vacations, we managed to link two weekends this time - so our vacation time is particularly precious) and we squeezed everything in on our last day. and our belongings never felt secure in the hotel thereafter.They gave us a cheque compensating us for the lost euros only upon signing a document (in Spanish) that indemnified them against any other claims. We didn't want to sign this document and they said they couldn't give us the cheque. We needed cash at this point, and basically we were blackmailed into signing this document.To add insult to injury, when we were checking out we were informed that our hotel bill was payable in full (the robbery is one thing, and the hotel bill is another. When I balked at this, he offered 25% reduction. When I refused, he threatened to call the police for not paying our hotel bill! Unbelievable. (I think any other hotel would be extremely apologetic and offer no charge for the stay - as that night and the next 3 days of our trip were absolutely ruined). I told him we would have gladly paid the entirety of our hotel bill if our trip went just as planned, without such an incident caused by the hotel's negligence (lack of security, flimsy locks, not checking guests properly, not informing guests about room theft) that completely marred our stay in Barcelona. I said we'd pay for the room up until the theft occurred, and that we should be compensated for the costs of recovering my husband's passport. He reiterated that his insurance covered only the lost money (I don't see why this is true; usually insurance would cover the entire contents, no? the guests with the stolen bag would surely receive full reimbursement from the insurance company. i do plan to pursue this further with the hotel but wonder if it will be in vain) and was a real stickler, who didn't take any responsibility or liability himself (It wasn't our fault, it was a guest. And you were unlucky.). In the end, we had a plane to catch, and paid for the nights up until the robbery and gladly left this hotel.Incredibly (and this attests to the petty crime problem in Barcelona, an absolutely beautiful city otherwise), the hotel guest in the room on the other side of us got her bag stolen from under her restaurant chair as she was eating dinner. She was alone and shaken, and we accompanied her to the police station so she could file her report. When we returned, the hotel still hadn't fixed her phone connection, as she needed to contact her family and boyfriend in Germany, and appeared all together unsympathetic. I also had problems with the Wi-Fi connection. Before the theft, I found the staff to be fine, and afterwards, they (save the manager) were professional and apologetic over the theft. The manager himself offered the weakest apology the night it occured, and was hard-line thereafter -- it would have meant a lot if he met us face to face. It's the minimum he could have done - a sincere, heartfelt apology - in my opinion.In all this, the Mossos d'Esquadra (Barcelona police - young, undercover and vigilant) were excellent and thorough - very impressive. We got the whole story about the theft from them, bit by bit, as they uncovered things, not from the hotel, who never gave us any news. As opposed to random pickpocketing (a problem that Barcelona should be working hard to resolve, if they don't want to lose tourists, and it also affects Barcelonins themselves), they treated the crime quite seriously, as it first appeared to be an inside job.All together, it was an incredibly sad, disappointing and frustrating experience. How the hotel reacted affected things a great deal -- if they were stand up and proper, we could have felt free to actually go out and tour the sights after the incident, knowing they were working hard to recover our loss, instead of feeling even more insecure and victimized.This hotel was clearly not ready for guests, and opened before they should have, before security was properly established. CCTV cameras would have been helpful, but there is not one at the front entrance, only affixed on the top terrace and at the back of the building. It's a very night area, still hopping into the wee hours, and C. Tallers, where the hotel is located, is more brightly lit to deter muggings, and there are 4 star hotels around the corner.One of the receptionists himself said the hotel was overpriced for a 3 star hotel, although you're paying for location, newness and minimalist style of the hotel. He also said he never walks around with more than 40 euros in his pocket.There are a wealth of good hotel rooms and apt stay opportunities in Barcelona (and the city itself is fabulous), I would encourage you to seek them out.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	4	1	2	

<Author>SmrOrng
<Content>Recommend Ciutat Vella This hotel appears to have only been open a month, but I found the room very comfortable and most of the services as advertised. I paid 120 Euros a night for 4 nights (internet special), and bought a Aerobus ticket for less than 4 Euros at a ticket machine at the airport which took me into the city, getting off at the Universitat exit, in under 30 minutes. I got a map at the Airport tourist information desk and was able to follow the bus route to see where I should get off (combined with information from the hotel website showing where they were from the Universitat metro exit), and from there it's a minute walk. All very easy. In relation to Placa de Catalunya and La Rambla the hotel is less than 5 minutes walk to each, plus there's a tourist information office just another couple minutes walk on La Rambla. My one less than satisfactory issue was that they advertise wi-fi but that appears to only be reliably available in the lobby, from my room I was never able to connect to the hotel signal and intermittently connected to one very weak signal in the area. But that aside I really recommend the convenience, price, ambiance and cleanliness of this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>domisolea
<Content>Vol de 200 euros dans le coffre !   showReview(20497677, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	4	2	1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo vicino alle Ramblas ed...   showReview(20237490, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mamarc94
<Content>Vol dans l'hotel   showReview(19204463, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in posizione strategica...   showReview(17965309, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>susette88
<Content>Sehr neues Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(10533173, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	3	3	3	4	

