<Author>AussieDave99
<Content>Not a Pleasant Stay We traveled around the U.S from Australia staying at 4 star hotels booked using a mixture of Priceline, Hotwire and hotel chain corporate websites. All but this one were fantastic. This one was a disappointment.We arrived from New York on Dec 29 after a delayed flight and were so tired that we did not check the room(869).As I tried to get to sleep I kept hearing a noise that I put down to the cable cars outside on Powell Street. At 2am I realised that the noise was not the cable car but the elevator and our room was directly behind the elevator shaft!! On thinking back to the checkin I remembered the woman behind the desk grimacing when she saw what room she was giving us and a slight look of panic as she handed us the room keys.At 6am, after getting no sleep I rang down to the front lobby to get a change of room as we were staying 4 nights and the room was too noisy. The clerk on the front desk asked what room I was in. I told him and he said he understood perfectly. He told me we could go to 874 and I should come down to reception to get the keys. After packing our bags and moving them to outside 874 (at the other end of the hotel) I went down to the lobby to drop off the old keys and pick up the new ones.I asked the clerk if 874 was next to an ice machine, stairs, elevator etc and he said I wouldn't do that to you, brother. I'll just make sure.He opened a drawer and consulted a sheet of paper which I guess contained all the Priceline rooms. It took him 15 minutes of consulting the computer and the sheet of paper before giving me the keys to room 867 (two rooms from the first room, 869). So I went back up to the 8th floor, told my partner that we had to move the bags back to the other end of the hotel. I wondered what was wrong with 874.So, after carrying our bags all the way back to the other end of the hotel, I opened the door to 867 to find the new room was a lot smaller than the first one and we had been downgraded from a king-size bed to a queen. I rang the front desk again and was told that I was given a standard room with a queen bed and the only standard rooms with a king size bed were next to the elevator shaft.I am 6'6 tall and am used to sleeping in a king sized bed but having had no sleep that night I resigned ourselves to this room. The room did not appear that clean- it looked like it had not been vacuumed in quite a while (there was visible dust and the bath looked like it had not been cleaned with a creme cleanser in a while). Little did I know this was just the start of our hygiene problems.On New Years Eve, the 8th floor rooms started filling up with what appeared to be frat aged guests. The hotel was hosting a New Years party and the atmosphere became quite lively which I enjoyed.In the early morning we stepped out of our room to go on a tour to find a pool of vomit just outside our neighbor's door. A few more yards along another pool of vomit and then another one just outside the elevator. I thought I should mention this to the front desk as it would be hours before the housemaids would be coming around. With the smell still in my nostrils I mentioned this to the woman behind the front desk. She did not look surprised and asked if we would like another room. I said no as I had already been moved and I was just mentioning this as it should be cleaned up as soon as possible. I told her where the vomit was.She consulted her computer. After a few seconds she said Priceline to herself out loud without looking at me and opened a drawer. She removed a couple of complementary coffee coupons from the drawer and asked if could she offer me them in apology. I said no thank you but felt quite insulted by her manner. First of all, a coffee costs 20c to produce and secondly, she categorized me by the fact I was a Priceline customer.When we returned to the room that evening the solid bits of the vomit had been cleaned up but the smell and stains were still there. I rang the Express Service number and mentioned it to them. Two hours later, after no action, I asked one of the housemaids cleaning a room next door (late checkout) to address it. The stain outside my room was shampoo'ed but not the others. Is Express Service an oxymoron at Westin??In our travels around the U.S we used a mix of Priceline, Hotwire and hotel chain websites to get good value rates. In comparison to to other hotel chains where I received excellent service and value for money I don't think I can recommend Westin either for this hotel or their approach to service.On the plus side, the hotel is the oldest hotel in San Francisco and oozes history. Have a look in the ballrooms get get a feel of the old San Francisco. The location is perfect in Union Square. You can walk from the Market Street BART station (3 blocks slightly uphill) straight from the airport. Only $4.35 each.P.S I lodged the above comments via their website and got a response email offering me 5.000 (sic) points Starwood Guest Points. In the response they called me by another surname 3 times and my surname is the 15th most common surname in the English language. Is this indictive of the customer service?  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Cactuspete2009
<Content>Westin can do better Our room was on the 8th floor and faced an office building. The room was smaller than standard and odd shaped, as the hotel is odd shaped. There was no sitting area so we had to climb up on the bed to read or have a cup of coffee. The bathroom was equally small, the door barely clearing the toilet. There was no towel rack, bar or hook to hang towels around the wash basin; ditto in the bath/shower area, except a hook on the door. The deadbolt was not aligned properly and useless. A call to the front desk promptly brought the hotel engineer who slammed the door several times--a stop gap measure at best. Opening the door with keycard and deploying the deadbolt remained tricky throughout our stay. On the plus side, the room was simply furnished with contemporary furniture with a big-screen TV. The bed was comfortable with two duvets--one light weight and the the other heavy weight, the latter being so uncomfortably heavy that we removed it off the bed nightly. The coffee making supply was replenished every day; the cleaning staff was courteous  efficient. Also the hotel staff was helpful.  We had a satisfactory stay at this hotel some years back when it was known as the Argent. This time, however, our reservation was made thru our conference organizers, and we most likely got one of the least desirable rooms. Overall, our latest experience with the hotel left much to be desired, and we would avoid this particular Westin in the future.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Photokate
<Content>Modern elegance       What a view  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	3	

<Author>surrealus
<Content>Dog Friendly Hotel / Good Value for Business Travelers Great rates for a Westin in a great location. Most importantly, the room was clean and the internet worked fine. Complimentary tea and coffee in the room was a nice touch. I wouldn't stay here again for vacation. The rooms are on the small size and service and amenities are lacking. We learned it was a dog friendly hotel when we heard the barking on our last night. The front desk did offer to move our room, but luckily the barking didn't continue all night.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>rhodeweary
<Content>Solid choice A good, predictable choice for those who want to be downtown and near the Moscone Center.Pros: Westin beds; Westin consistency; great location.Cons: Lame bar scene (it's hidden in the back - open that baby up!); too few rooms to score a preferred guest upgrade.There are many Starwood options in the neighborhood. The Palace takes you back 100+ years (and doesn't put coffee makers in the room!). The St Regis gives you coffee but the rates are more than my company would pay. The W's throbbing nightlife keeps me up at night. The Westin Market Street isn't the most exciting choice, but it's usually just right ... and when the upgrades happen, they're worth it.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>Fifiann
<Content>Nice, but rather corporate Westin I stayed in The Westin Market Street on November 23rd for a pretty good non refundable internet rate of $129 through the hotel website. However, if it hadn't have been for the fact we were just three stays off making Platinum with Starwood, I would have preferred to have paid less than $100 using Priceline for an equivalent 4* hotel.This is a perfectly acceptable nice, clean and comfortable corporate hotel but there is no wow factor about it at all. The decor is all a bit grey and gloomy and lacks the charm of many Westins, although it is no where near as dismal as the recently renovated Westin Galleria in Dallas (which I have also reviewed).The room and bathroom are well sized and from the Starwood Preferred Guest Floors, you get very good views of the city. It is conveniently located a block away from the Bart, MOMA and The Moscone Centre and two blocks from Union Square.If you are attending a convention at the Moscone Centre then it is ideal, but I would not recommend it for romance or fun and would suggest the more historic Westin St Francis on Union Square instead, or one of the many chic city centre boutique hotels (eg The Hotel Monaco or Palomar).I will say though, all the staff were extremely nice, friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>10Sgal55
<Content>Beware of rooms near the elevator! We checked into the Westin on the day after Thanksgiving for one night only. We booked our room on the Starwood website-we are Starwood members. We got a good rate, $149.00, which guaranteed us an upper room floor. Upon checking in, the front desk informed us all they had was a room near the elevator. I have had numerous problems in the past with rooms near the elevator and try to avoid elevator rooms (and ice machine rooms) as much as possible. The room was located on the 31st floor, and we know the Westin is a very reputable hotel chain, so we thought it wouldn't be a problem. BIG MISTAKE. We had been out all day shopping and ice skating at the Embarcadero, returning to the hotel at 6:00 at night to get ready for dinner. While getting ready, we thought we heard jet planes overhead but in reality it was the service elevator. Or maybe it sounded like a freight train?? Needless to say,we were able to change our room (no rooms with 2 queen beds as reserved, so we took a king + 2 roll aways for our children). We will stay at the Westin again, the hotel is very nice with great beds, but we will make sure NO MORE ROOMS BY THE ELEVATOR, especially rooms with numbers ending in 17 (as in 3117).  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>tkolner
<Content>Didn't Love This Hotel I'm in San Francisco for a couple of days on business and I'm spending my first night here. I got a pretty good rate ($160), but I don't see what all the excitement about this hotel is.On the up-side, the hotel is near the Montgomery Street B.A.R.T. station, it was warm and sunny here today so the two or three block walk was nice.As for the hotel, my room at the end of the hall is pretty small. The flat-screen Philips TV is on the desk, so I can't actually sit there and get anything done on my computer. I've stayed at the Sheraton Fisherman's Warf, and the St. Francis and they both offered larger rooms.The rooms do have a sound issue, the walls are thin and the noise in the hall carries right into my room. My neighbors just opened their door and for a minute, I thought they were coming into my room.One suggestion I would make, when you check in, request a low level floor. The elevators are pretty busy. The restaurant has an Italian theme. The food was pretty salty, and the service was off. My waiter was working two tables, mine and a table of six, and devoted his time to them. It would have been nice if he'd checked on me at least once. The water and glass of wine I requested never arrived.BTW, If you're an SPG member, they don't have a club lounge here.This city if full of really great hotels. Including several other Starwood properties. I think next time I'm in town, I'll try one of the others... even if it costs a bit more.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Elizabeth7
<Content>Very comfortable central hotel Stayed here for 2 nights and really enjoyed it. The hotel was comfortable, central and very good value for money.The staff were very helpful of particular note was Scott the concierge.We were upgraded and the room was pleasantly decorated.Definitely would stay here again if in the area.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SaMajestee
<Content>Always a good experience My boyfriend and I go to San Francisco once every two months. We both lived there for many years, and have a lot of friends to frequently visit. This hotel is the first one we consider staying at each time. The rooms are clean, the location is great, and the floor to ceiling windows offer great views. Westin also usually has great deals.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bubbafb
<Content>Convenience and Comfort The Westin Market Street in San Francisco is centrally located and walking distance to the Moscone Center (where I was attending a conference) and Union Square. The hotel is not elaborate when you enter its lobby ... but definitely elegant. It has some hidden nooks for informal meetings and relaxing in the lobby.The rooms are typical Starwood - great beds and clean. As the hotel has only been a Westin for about a year, the rooms were newly renovated and modern. The hotel had a restaurant called Ducca that looked nice but we did not eat there. The bar for Ducca extends out to a sidewalk and is great if the weather permits. We ate at Joe Dimaggio's Italian Chophouse in the North Beach area of SF. It was an old-style steakhouse but not quite as ridiculously priced as many high-end steak places. The workout facility was small and it was often tough to find a machine in the morning. But it was also new and in good shape. Overall, a great place to stay if needing to be close to Moscone.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>SnoopidAJW
<Content>Nice hotel but horrible concierge and desk staff The room was comfy and clean. Then we used the concierge service to make our dinner reservations since we were unfamiliar with the area. We had 3 bad meals in a row! The check-in process wasn't exactly seamless either.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	1	3	

<Author>shaybabby
<Content>Okay, but walls are paper thin! We love the Westin chain for their rooms and great beds! This was not one of my favorite. It's new, but the walls were so thin I could literally hear the maid down the hall rustling paper. We could hear other people using the bathroom!! Every time a door opened or shut on our floor it would echo through the hall. Stay at the W or the Westin St. Francis (new wing) if you want to sleep.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>nwterp99
<Content>Nothing to complain about If you don't want to deplete your bank account to stay at a nice place in SF, then this is your place. It has everything you need for a comfortable stay. The decor is very modern and rooms are clean. It's like a 'less is more' approach done very well, as other places can get cluttered with decorative 'stuff' all over the place. This one is simple yet modern and stylish. The rooms are outfitted with 'heavenly' beds, clean bathrooms and large flat-screen TVs...(the important stuff, right?) Pay a little extra for a grand-deluxe room or greater and you'll end up with a terrific view of the city or bay. The lobby is welcoming, staff friendly, and location superb. Good job Westin!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PhTravelling_Guy
<Content>Great Hotel for the Price After the tiny room at my hotel in New York (see my review of the Hotel Mela, New York), my room at the Westin San Francisco Market Street was a truly refreshing change of pace.Hell, I had an actual work desk, a 32-inch (or maybe it was larger) LCD TV, two very comfy lounging chairs, a full mini-bar, a full closet, and, a king size heavenly bed. The room even had a small ante-room leading to the main bedroom! (The fact that I paid considerably less per night for the Westin compared to the Hotel Mela sweetened the deal considerably.)I should also mention that the room was very clean. I quite liked the lobby and the hallways. Further, the location was very convenient to the SF MOMA, the Moscone Convention Center, Yerba Buena Gardens, and shopping (Westfield San Francisco Center. Virgin Mega Store, Apple Store, ROSS, and Old Navy, to name a few.)Some stuff to note, however:(a) the bathroom was plain jane. Nothing distinguishing about it at all. (b) some of the extras I was hoping for were AWOL. No complimentary bottled water. No slippers. No shower gel. No toothbrush kit. No sewing kit. No shower cap. None of that mattered (well, except maybe for the complimentary bottled water) to me though since I had the necessary toiletries with me.(c) I got charged for mini-bar consumption despite my not having actually consumed anything from the mini-bar. Apparently, as explained to me by the front desk, the fridge has an electronic sensor such that, the minute you move anything in the fridge, you're automatically charged for consumption. As such, when I moved stuff around to accomodate perishables I'd bought, I got charged. (I'm not sure I actually believe the front desk's explanation by the way. The electronic fridge system, if it actually exists, just seems like a great way for the hotel to get into unncessary arguments with guests.) In any case, the hotel reversed the charges without giving me a tough time about it. So, I'm not complaining.(d) I came back one day to find a cleaning rag left behind by housekeeping on top of a cabinet. No biggie for me, I just placed the rag along with my used towels, but I can envision how such an episode could irritate other less sanguine guests.(e) The lifts had a key card security system to control access to the guest floor. However, the system was apparently not yet up and running during my stay.Lastly, I should mention that I was able to book my room for about USD180 (including tax) a night directly through the SPG website. Considering that the average room rate in San Francisco for a hotel of this quality seems to be closer to USD250 ++ per night (based on my own research), the size and quality of the room, and the locaiton of the hotel, I feel that I got a very good deal indeed.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>trip2sf
<Content>Loud Loud Loud Elevator Noise! There is just no excuse for a Hotel of this quality to have such a serious problem with the elevator system. We got in a room next to the elevator and it absolutely ruined the trip. We couldn't sleep! The noise was terrible. If they force you in to a room next to an elevator demand your money back.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	5	1	2	2	

<Author>marytini
<Content>Stayed for our Honeymoon       Our first room, #2721 with King bed  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>MinnChiLon
<Content>Quite happy The hotel is very comfortable, the location is good (very near Union Square). There are other places I like as well or better in the area, but you can't go wrong here.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dtud
<Content>Great. Period. Stayed here over the weekend in September for $167/night (plus tax). So worth it. Great safe neighborhood. Near the BART. Lots of small markets near us. Lots of real shopping. Service was fine. Nothing special - but absolutely no problems and everyone was friendly.Mini bar ok -- would have preferred a regular 'fridge, but this was fine.CLEAN! Big, pretty bathroom. Nice bed. Clean chairs, etc. It was nice. No complaints. Gorgeous view. Everything was just as expected. Really nothing out of the ordinary, but everything working so perfect was wonderful. Also got great weather in the city and so that was nice. Enjoy.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Aruba2004
<Content>Good Bed, Bad Service The Westin Heavenly Bed was the highlight of this hotel.Since the hotel has renamed itself to Westin (formerly Argent), they have cleaned the rooms, new carpets, removed electocution hazards, and put in the Heaven Beds.The location is also great - just steps to Market St and lots of public transportation. A couple blocks from Moscone.The servcice here was poor and unfriendly. Poor service ran throughout the hotel, it wasn't just one desk clerk. Here is what happened:*) Arrived at 7:00 a.m. and had to unload my car myself. The valet only showed up as I was dragging my luggage into the hotel by myself. Did he offer to help? NO, he wanted to know how long I was going to be! No one ever offered to help with my family's luggage.*) Since it was so early, my room wasn't ready. This was no big deal - I didn't expect it to be ready at 7am. However, they promised to call me on my cell phone when it was ready, and they never called. I only found out the room was ready because my wife went back and asked.*) Evidently my room (which was booked by someone else) included free valet parking. The hotel never told me it was included. How did I find out? My wife randomly asked about the room rate and they happened to mention the free parking.*) The laundry service . . . I took my laundry down to the bell desk to drop it off, and the bellman rolled his eyes when he took the bag.*) The laundry service . . . was supposed to drop drop off my clean laundry by 6pm. They did not meet their time committment, and didn't bother to call or apologize.As if that isn't enough, this is the big one. After reporting activities that violated hotel policies to the manager, he offered to relocate us! Rather than fix a problem, all they wanted to do was move me and not deal with an issue.Oh yeah, the hotel is STILL owned and operated by ARGENT. Maybe this is why they still suck.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>califamily4
<Content>It's all about the LOCATION! We stayed at this hotel overnight on a recent Saturday. I am fairly local (just over an hour away) and I have to say that this hotel is an outstanding value for anyplace in the Bay Area, let alone San Francisco, and let alone Union Square! You can not go wrong.I booked the hotel directly with the hotel website. If you compare all the sites and prices, you will find that the hotel's own prices are the most reasonable, so I recommend booking directly. I was a little worried when I read some of these traveler reviews, but it is as if the negative posts stayed someplace else. Every detail was beyond satisfactory. I'll start at the beginning. We parked across the street at the Hearst Parking Garage. 24 hour parking cost only $20--um excuse me, actually this is cheap!! It is safe and secure and literally across the street. Just map everything before you go and you will find it alright.When we checked in, the clerk read my special comments and without asking, she upgraded us from a Grand Deluxe King room to a Premier King at no extra charge. We were on the 29th floor. The floor to ceiling windows make for a breathtaking view of Yerba Buena Gardens, the Metreon, Zeum carousel, the bay (even AT  T park if you know what to look for) and the hills of San Francisco. Imagine that at night time, with the lights. Just fantastic. I highly recommend asking for a room that faces Yerba Buena Gardens. Some of the complaints here were that the view of 3rd Street did not impress and I would agree, that if we had a room facing 3rd, it would NOT be the same experience. But remember, you get what you pay for. The Grand Deluxe rooms clearly state, High Floor.The bed looks exactly like the online photos and is extremely clean. That is precisely what I look for in a hotel, is cleanliness. The bathrooms are large, spacious, fully stocked with a hair dryer, bath robe in the closet, etc. The large screen tv, well stocked mini bar all says chic, elegant, modern. That is what you will get from the minute you walk into this hotel: modern elegance. From the huge white orchids in the lobby to the hotel lounge with the urban vibe, it delivers upscale taste at an extremely reasonable price. I can tell you that the price for a standard room here compares to that of a far inferior room in the wharf area (such as a Best Western.) As to other hotels in the Market Street area, you are looking at THE best priced hotel for the value in the area. This place can't be beat! Quality and affordability. You are getting upscale, quality service for a bargain rate.The concierge was helpful. Cabs come straight up to the door and took us to the Curran theatre, which was a $5 cab ride away. Everything is in walking distance. If you leave the hotel, go left to Market and left again and walk to Union Square. Go right out of the hotel and you are steps away from the SF Museum of Modern Art, the Metreon, St Patrick's Cathedral, Jewish Museum of Art, Yerba Buena Gardens (beauiful), Zeum, and the Children's Carousel. This location puts the value of the hotel far beyond the price they are charging.From the time we walked up to the front desk clerk, who upgraded our room in celebration of my husband's birthday, and offered him a glass of wine to boot, to the convenient parking across the street to the LOCATION beyond belief, to the cleanliness of the room and the comfort of the beds: I highly recommend this hotel!Note: if you are looking for a historic looking hotel, then you want to stay at the Westin St Francis or the Sir Francis Drake. That is an entirely different type of experience. At the Drake (where I've also stayed) the rooms are small and the bathrooms are closet small. But you are at a historic, older building. Totally different types of hotels and different experiences.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CFNOBIS
<Content>Great Location and Service! I am a Starwood Prefered Guest and used points to stay at this hotel. I choose this one over the other Starwood hotels based on the reviews here and of course its location. We flew up for five nights and took the BART from Oakland to the hotel. The Bart stop is about 1 1/2 blocks away and is only $7.10 (roundtrip). Best deal in town! We arrived late Sunday and were immediately upgraded to a corner room in an upper floor due to my SPG Gold status. Check in was fast and efficient. We then walked across the street to CPK (California Pizza Kitchen). Very good and conveniant.It is close to Union Square where you can shop and pick up the cable cars. It is also close to the shopping mall and Chinatown. The bus stop and F trolly, that takes you to Fishermans Warf is also steps away from the hotel. Best way to get around San Francisco and cheap too $1.50. The hotel room was fantastic. Great view from the room. The bathroom is a little small but so what, you don't live in he bathroom! Housekeeping was good for the most part. However, they forgot to give us wash clothes one night and we did not notice until the next morning. Not a big deal! The concierge was very helpful and provided us with a map that had the bus routes on it and helped us get to Golden Gate Park. She also printed our airline tickets when I inquired about the business office. Overall we were very pleased with this hotel and when we go back to San Francisco, we will be returning here!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dermotswoman
<Content>Good Location disappointed with standard My husband and I stayed here as our final hotel in a 15 day stay in the US. We booked in for 4 nights and agree with previous reviewers that the location is ideal for exploring SF and far enough away from that hub of tourist activity called Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39 which is a definite miss in our book.Our initial contact with the hotel was in leaving our bags with the concierge while we handed back our hire car. They said they would not be able to put them into the room until we were present which seemed strange to us as we had already checked in and had the room allocated to us. We definitely felt they were looking for the tip on delivery. The room was on the 25th floor as we had asked for a high and quiet room, height was perfect and the view was terrific but the noise was a bit much for us from the cleaners room which was located next door and they banged their trolleys from 6am each morning getting the set up for cleaning. (2519 is the number if you want to avoid it). We returned to reception to get our bags after an hour as they still had not been delivered and they insisted that they were just about to bring them up!! Another 20 minutes later they arrived. The rooms are not very large but as US standards go they are probably standard. We had a king bed and desk area. Bathroom was very small with only shower over bath available(they have no rooms with seperate showers only a disabled room - I checked!). Only one bath towel and robe in the room on arrival and it took ages to get the second one delivered, in fact the cleaning was very hit and miss depending on when we remembered to leave a tip!Our biggest disappointment was that there was no pool in the hotel even though we had specifically requested a pool in all our hotels. As the temperatures were in the early 90's it really was a downer for us but we went over to the park across the road and sat in the sun a couple of days.The hotel is located close to Union square and all the major shops so if you are there to shop it is ideal. We had room service on one evening and it was good but not brilliant, very basic menu. We used the gym which is small but open 24 hours. Should meet everyones needs if they like to use a gym unless the place is full of kids with their parents hogging the 3 treadmills on offer which happened us on two occasions.Valet parking for your car is $48 per day and they only offer valet parking at the hotel.All in all, would not rush back here, did not find the staff overly friendly or welcoming, just functional. Room noise was annoying but no other room available (that's what they told us - we were even willing to upgrade).  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>danmiller3
<Content>Excellent stay with a great location       Living room of Suite  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TripperA61
<Content>Westin vs Expedia We booked in May through Expedia for four people and requesting a room with 2 double beds. We arrived in early August and found they had us in a room with one king size bed. The clerk told us the best they could do was add one rollaway bed (a single) and no other room was available. But since we booked through Expedia, we were told we were Expedia's customers, not Westin's customers and we'd have to take it up with Expedia. I argued that regardless of how it was booked, the hotel received info that 4 people were arriving and someone at Westin knowingly put the 4 guests in a room that could only sleep 3. Clerk was apologetic but reiterated that we were Expedia's customers, the hotel was completely booked, and perhaps we could squeeze 3 in the King size bed, or have one person sleep on the floor. While we are extremely upset with Expedia, we are equally disappointed with this Westin for knowingly putting 4 people into a room only capable of sleeping 3.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>biz_tripper08
<Content>Service on a decline, location great This is the second time I've stayed at the Westin SF Market Street. The first time, it had just opened after its conversion from the Argent Hotel, and I had a terrific experience. They gave me a corner room on the 31st floor with stunning views, and service was prompt and friendly.Location is terrific, as the other reviewers write. But I think the staff is starting to take that for granted: with the exception of the gentleman who checked me in, staff was often surly, unhelpful, and unconcerned, especially the Service Express folks. And it often took 10-12 rings for anyone to pick up.I also had a nearly identical room this time -- same location but on a slightly lower floor. But in the year that has passed, the bathroom (already small) has gotten musty with grout stains, peeling ceiling paint, and runny toilets. The housekeeping was sloppy -- some days I had a bath mat, other days I didn't.As for noise, if you are a light sleeper, bring earplugs. The Westin is right around the corner from the fire station, and sirens run often and loudly. I've also stayed at the W, which is across the street and down one block on 3rd; perhaps that building is better insulated (it's right next door to the fire station!), because I don't recall hearing as much street noise.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	2	4	2	3	

<Author>MossiDivo
<Content>Nice hotel, Great location!!! We always enjoy a Westin, espically the white tea scent that always welcomes you to each property, so we were looking forward to checking in to the Westin. We were on the tail end of a train trip across country (a whole other story) and were delayed by almost 5 hours, so once we arrived at the hotel we were very late. The bus driver did not know where our hotel was, (and neither did we), so we got off near fishermans wharf and went into the Sheraton to ask where the hotel was. They were very friendly and since it was the same company they directed us to the property. The signature scent welcomed us and there were great flower arrangements in the lobby. The lobby is kind of strange and does not match the rest of the hotel. The guest floors and rooms are in earth tones with modern patterns and design. The lobby is in dark woods and marbles, and is very heavy and non- Westin like. The front desk agent was very short and rude, and perhaps just tired. We got up to our room and it was great! Huge queen beds, huge flat screen and a nice work area. The windows are also large, but we didnt have a great view, but we didnt mind as we were out most of the time. We ordered room service and the food was fine, but all of it was pre-prepared according to the service express agent. It limited the choices, because i didnt want something that was sitting around all night! It arrrived promptly and the attendant was very kind and gracious. Westins beds are the best we have ever experienced and were very, very nice. So thick and fluffy and the sheets are divine. I want one as soon as possible!!!! The stay was very nice over all and had some nice front desk agents when we checked out or had questions. The only thing that I still dont get is the fact that lots of big full-service hotels still charge for their internet!!! Very strange considering the amount of travellers that find this service so valuable. I would probably check out other hotels in the area on my next trip to SFO.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	2	3	1	

<Author>flos
<Content>Great location We wanted a little luxury with a great location and that's exactly whet we got. Self-parking right accross the street was not cheap but convenient (cheaper than the valet parking offered by the hotel at least). Check in was personable and extremely quick and we were straight up stairs within minutes of arriving; we had paid a slight premium for a city view and were not disappointed with a great view accross to Union Square. The room itself was triangular, which was unusual, but which meant that the amount of window space (therfore the view) was maximised - great by day and night. The decor was modern and attractive, the room was quite spacious and the beds very comfortable with crisp linens; so comfortable in fact that I kept on falling asleep when we were supposed to be heading out! The bathroom was small but okay with nice toiletries and complementary bathrobes. The location of the hotel is excellent; the upscale Westfield Mall is a block away and Union Square three blocks at most with cable cars and the muni right around the corner. SFMOMA is right down the street and convenient for a early start. Some reviewers mentioned being uncomfortable with the area and homeless people being around... This is really not a problem and typical of any modern city (or indeed town) - we came back to the hotel well after midnight and felt perfectly safe as we did throughout the city. Other reviewers have been critical of the Westin's business facilities (internet etc.) but I felt that the hotel offers a great deal for leisure travellers and tourists; much better to be at the heart of the city instead of being stranded at the end of a cable car line in tacky Fisherman's Wharf. We were going to stay at the Argonaut but I'm glad we chose the Westin instead.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Etem
<Content>Excellent value in prime location ! Got a fantastic deal through Expedia (4 nights for the price of 3)and found this hotel to be a perfect location for exploring San Francisco.Our room (2double beds) was spacious,modern and smart , with comfortable beds, flat screen tv, well stocked mini bar and stylish bathroom.The hotel even provides a guide to interesting and well priced cafes/restaurants in the area. 'Mel's drive-in diner '( a truly 50's dining experience with juke boxes) is one not to be missed in Mission St , nearby.Ps Please avoid staying in the truly dreadful Fisherman's Wharf area.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>N0a
<Content>Great Location in SFO We stayed at the Westin for 6 nights in August and I must say that the location of the hotel is excellent for sightseeing and shopping. The rooms are great, fully renovated and very large. Good flat screen and amazing bed. All in all a great hotel for a stay in SF if you donot want to stay at Fishermanéº“s Wharf (too busy for our taste)  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>RBM1
<Content>Great hotel! This was a great hotel right in the heart of SF. We were able to take the BART from Oakland airport and we walked about 5 minutes from the station to the hotel. There's a Starbucks right across the street and many other restaurants in the area. The hotel's newly renovated so everything was clean and new. Hotel staff was great.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>derek1407
<Content>Good locaton Very good location. Very good room - clean, large and nice flat screen tv.Centrally located and perfect for walking just about everywhere in the city.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kristad314
<Content>What a bed!       View from the 17th floor looking right  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VASusan
<Content>Enjoyed the Westin We enjoyed our 3 night stay at the Westin. We are a family of 4. We checked in on a Friday evening. There was a long line to check in with only 1 employee behind the desk. After 20 minutes in line 2 adnl employees appeared and the line started moving. The hotel was sold out as there was a baseball game in town. We were assigned to a room on the 6th floor with 2 beds. We asked for a higher floor with a view as the kids had never been to San Francisco. We could only do so if we took a king bed, so we opted for a king size room on the 30th floor. The hotel sent up a rollaway(we had an aerobed for adnl child). The view was great! We could see the Bay Bridge and Alcatraz. from the floor to ceiling window. The room was large enough for the 4 of us. We did not check out any of the hotel services. We parked across 3rd street in the deck at the corner of Jesse for $20 per day. Housekeeping was very good. She saw us leave and noticed there were 4 of us in the room. We were left extra shampoo and towels. I asked for extra plastic cups 1 day and they were received. We were able to walk from the hotel to China Town and North Beach. We took a cab to Pier 39 for $8. We thought the location was safe and convenient. We walked to drug store on Market, 7-11 is around the corner. Del Taco is around the corner and SUbway and Ca Pizza are aacross the street on 3rd.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>BusterCT1K
<Content>Problematic stay I stayed here in December. A fairly problematic stay. I enjoyed the Palace and Westin St Francis more. But it is OK if you get a cheap rate. Problem 1: Got a corner room with no drawers! Fortunately I was only here for 1 night, so I just lived out of my suitcase. But really.Problem 2: Bed was short-sheeted. This is becoming a common problem at all chains. Housekeeping used a sheet that was too short, so my feet were scraping against scratchy mattress fiber. I had to remake the bed myself. A complaint the next morning at front desk garnered compensatory SPG points. When I asked for late checkout, I was offered 1pm. I had to press for 4pm, which I am entitled to as a Gold member.Problem 3: At check in (late in the evening), I asked for my package. The staff member said to come back tomorrow when the concierge was there. Since the package contained toiletries, I needed it immediately, and only when I pressed did she send a bellman to unlock the concierge's closet and retrieve my package. Problem 4: Rate was 20 dollars higher on the bill than the booked rate. This was solved at checkout.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Peterhoff
<Content>nice, but parking kills nice place, cheap (priceline), but parking is $50/day  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicolalavery66
<Content>First class experience My husband, daughter and I stayed at The Westin, Market Place for 3 nights in July of 2008. It was a lovely hotel that I can thoroughly recommend. The hotel gave us an upgrade without us asking and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious and airy and offer fantastic views over the city. The location was superb and right in the centre of everything. (I don't know why another reviewer said she'd feel unsafe on her own - I certainly wouldn't.) The area is full of tourists and very well lit.In short a wonderful stay and I look foward to coming back in the years to come.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ame2001
<Content>Great Location -- Nice Rooms We stayed here 3 nights in July 2008 while on a family vacation. Westin offered a stay 3 nights for the price of 2 deal, and this rate made our time in SF very affordable. The hotel is older, but the rooms have a nice Westin touch. Our room had 2 queen beds which were comfortable, and the room was an adequate size for my family of 4. The location is great -- just a short walk to Union Square, but not on the main square area (so there is less foot traffic).Our complaints about this hotel are minimal. First, our room was near the elevators and they were very noisy at night. We finally turned the A/C on to continuous run to drown out the noise. Second, there really is no comfortable common area in the hotel to relax and spend time.One tip I read about which saved us a lot of money. Parking at the hotel is $49 per day. We parked across the street at the Hearst Parking Garage for $20 per day. Although that lot does not have in/out privileges, and is not open 24 hours per day, that did not matter to us because we did not use our car while in SF.All in all, we enjoyed this hotel and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>NickiB543
<Content>Poor Service, Uncomfortable Beds, No Wireless Internet in Lobby We called a day before we arrived to see if there were any complimentary upgrades available. James the night manager, said he could move us to a corner room with king size bed with a great view.When we check in at 4PM (even though guaranteed check in was at 3PM) the front desk clerk said the room James had reserved for us was not ready and that he had nothing available. The only corner room he had was a queen bed on a lower floor. So he put us into a stanard room and just handed us the keys. With no explaination of the hotel, where the restaurant was When we got to the room, it was small and had a bad view, so I called the Service Express line and that person was able to move us into a corner king suite ... just as we had discussed with James. (This was within 5 minutes of us checking in and the room was on the same floor, so we knew they had not just finished cleaning the room.)That night we both woke up at 4AM with back and neck pain. Clearly this was not a heavenly bed. Because it was so early in the morning, I was able to call down to the front desk and talk to James. He said that he has heard the complaint before that the beds are not the traditional Westin beds. He offered to move us to a one bedroom suite with a living room for the remainer of our stay. We agreed ... the new room was bigger which was nice, but the bed still was not great.We decided after the first night, that we probably were not going to stay there for all five days we had originally booked. So on Thursday (7/17/08), we asked the concierge about renting a car. They said they had a service (City Rent-A-Car) who would drop off a car for us. We filled out a form, the rental would be for $55/day and the car would be dropped off at 8AM on Sat. 7/19/08. The afternoon of Friday (7/18/09) we stopped by the concierge to confirm the car had been reserved and would be there at 8AM. He said it would and showed me the confirmation fax printout.On Saturday morning, before we checked out I wanted to check my e-mail one more time, as our 24 hour period ran out the night before (which they charge $14.95 for. I took my laptop to the hotel lobby only to find they had no wireless internet in the lobby. The front desk person said I would have to go to the hotel room to use it and pay another $15 even though we would only be using it for 7 - 10 minutes before we checked out.So at 8:10AM, with our room packed up, luggage with us, and being checked out of the hotel, we went down to the lobby expecting to see the car there. It was not there and there was a very long line at the concierge. When I got to talk to the concierge she said the car would be there in 5 minutes because they don't open until 8AM, so we waited ...8:15 no car ... 8:30 no car ... so I went behind the concierge desk pulled the reservation book opened up to our reservation and called them myself. I talked to several people and finally the owner, who said he did not have a reservation for us, he had only a few cars available and the whole city was rented out so we were his only hope ... and by the way, the price doubled.When the owner brought the car, we signed the contract and wrote under it signed under duress because he had pulled a bait and switch on us. At which point the owner of City Rent-A-Car took the key, refused to rent us the car, and went to talk to the hotel manager, Jojo. Jojo was no help as he completely took the side of the car rental owner. He hardly spoke english and was not the least bit interested in our side of the story. We rented a car from Enterprise, who picked us up in a Mercedes and we moved on from our vacation ... never to stay at Westin Market Street again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>MongDublin
<Content>Good experience Fantastic location to view a wonderful city. Great shopping close by. Get a Travel Pass $20 for 9 days ( cheaper for under 17yo ). Cable cars 400 yards away great experience.Brilliant value for us as we were there for 6 days. Can be used on 5 different types of transport ( but not BART ). If interested in art go to SF Musuem of Modern Art 300 yards away and get a CityPass booklet which costs $54 and includes the travel pass Look it up online and see if you are interested in paying the extra $34. Included was the Aquarium which was good as was the cruise under the bridge. Bike the bridge and take the ferrry back. Go to a Giants baseball game. ATT Park is 15-20 minutes walk straight down the street from hotel or about 10 minutes on the F maket trolley. I had not been to a baseball game before but I am a sports fan. My daughters ( 17 and 14 ) were not. They loved the experience so much we also went on the BART to Oakland a few days later to catch another game.Book Alcatraz at least a week before you visit. Well worth the money, very interesting.Don't bother with a car , use public transport. We got a car only when leaving SF. Lots of car rental offices about 800 yards away. We travelled south towards LA. If going on a similar trip catch the Mystery Spot in Santa Cruz on the way south. Entry $5/person and $5 for parking, well worth it, a great laugh.Found hotel staff helpful. We arrived on evening of 4th July and consierge booked a restaurant for us as he said we may have difficulty getting in somewhere. Eating expensive around Union Square area and found food and drink in hotel expensive.As said elsewhere be carful with bar in room. Charge showed up for when we were checking out but as we had not used anything and there was not a problem taking it off bill.I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Aussie2urist
<Content>Nice location, big room, good coffee. My wife and I were happy with this hotel. We were given a big room and had a nice quiet part of the hotel.Location is great and service is ok for a big hotel such as this.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Critical_Mind
<Content>Shocking service, average facilities During our trip to the US West Coast, we stayed in San Fran several times at different hotels. Overall, we thought we 'shop' around in terms of hotels: we stayed at the Mandarin Oriental (by far the best hotel with impeccable service and amazing views from the rooms), the Fairmont (grande dame of hotels in San Fran, but really no longer up to scratch with its facilities) and the Westin. First of all, I rang the hotel to confirm that we would get a king size room on the upper floors as set out in our booking. However, upon our arrival (which was at 20.45pm - the hotel was aware of that) we were told that this was impossible and also never confirmed. When I saw the room we got (next to the lifts), I went back down to the lobby and requested a change (which we eventually got after much debate). By 21.30, we unpacked and went to the receptionist (who had been exceptionally rude upon check-in) and asked whether there would be any good restaurants in the area that would still be open (it was a Tuesday night after all). The answer: he did not know (he was the receptionist and concierge at the time!), but there would be a 7/11. Tired of arguing with hotel staff that clearly did not like their job, we went out and around the corner to the Four Seasons where I explained the situation (sorry, should have stayed at your hotel, we are stuck with the Westin now and an incompetent concierge) and their (friendly) concierge pointed out three closeby restaurants which were open and the one we chose was a real hit!I am not going into any further detail of what else happened when we stayed at the Westin (wrong final bill - when I pointed it out, they acted as if it was MY fault that the bill was wrong and they generally could not care less), but it was one of the most irritating hotel stays I have ever had (and I travel around the world a lot as part of my job). As a general rule (by now): when hotels start giving their mattresses or showers special names (heavenly bed or heavenly shower), just stay away from it. A properly good hotel does not need to turn to poetry when describing its facilities!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>explorer6380
<Content>Great location, wasn't overwhelmed Stayed at the Westin Market Street while traveling with family. The hotel location is the best part of this hotel as it allows great access to the publicj transportation lines. The cable cars, street cars and bus lines are all steps away. The neighborhood is also good with surrounding hotels including the Fou Seasons, St Regis, Palace Hotel and the Hotel Palomar. The service was average, not overwhelming but not underwhelming. Our breakast server was very good and attentive to our needs. We arrived back late one night right about closing time for the restaurant and we wanted to order dessert. They allowed us to which was very nice and the desserts themsleves were just OK. I really only had 2 issues with the hotel, we stayed in room 405 and for the entire stay we never had a trash can in the bathroom, only under the desk which is unusual. Also, every night we stayed the room attendant short sheeted the bed by 2 inches. I dno't know if the sheets they buy are too short or if this attendant is making the bed wrong but being six foot five it became annoying to constantly rub your feet on the mattress and mattress pad. Otherwise, the room was well maintained and cleaned consistently, had a great 42 inch flat TV and in room safes. The only other downside would be the bathrooms are on the small side.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Maynards
<Content>Great location We are glad we stayed at the Westin Market Street for our first stay in San Francisco. The location is perfect as a base to tour the city. We were in walking distance to all the fabulous downtown shopping, restaurants and museums. The service was friendly and helpful at the hotel and our room was lovely. I would pick a downtown/Union Square hotel over the Fisherman's Warf location again. Transportation by trolley car or taxi is reasonable and easy to catch in San Francisco. There are so many interesting neighbourhoods that are near the Union Square area to explore. San Francisco is a wonderful city! Do remember to layer dress as the wind can be cool off the bay and the daily temperature was in the 60's when we were there in July.Love to travelEdmonton, Alberta, Canada  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>le-canuck
<Content>Good experience overall My husband and I just returned from our annual vacation and I submit my review because I consult trip advisor religiously myself before planning trips. Hope this is of help to someone!We thought our (10 day) stay at the Westin Market street location was fair for the price. We found a special on Expedia, and the value was good- I believe that it worked out to be around 150$ Canadian, per night, taxes included. I think we likely had the least expensive type of room.The highlights were an EXTREMELY comfortable bed, a great location, and the outdoor terrace located beside the restaurant. The terrace provided a small, quiet haven in the middle of a bustling city and you could order drinks, food, or even bring your own items and enjoy the atmosphere.There is a gym in the hotel and it has enough equipment to provide you with a fair workout while away.We ate at the hotel's restaurant Ducca one night and also quite enjoyed that.To elaborate more on the location, we found it very convenient. It's right downtown, with endless great restaurants and the major shopping section just around the corner. Chinatown is also a very short walk away.A short cab ride will take you to the wharf, telegraph hill, Mission Delores, etc.. We are big walkers so we walked to these sites- but they are around a 45 minute walk and more in some cases so not for the weary! Cable cars (as well as other modes of transport) are all around and probably a more fun way of travelling to your chosen site.The only drawback of being in such a central location would be the noise level. Market and 3rd streets are busy - the traffic  the frequent sound of sirens were well heard within our 7th floor room- which faced the street. Maybe a room which doesn't directly face the street might help somewhat. We got used to the noise, and the really comfortable beds do help to encourage restful sleep for the most part.Also- the rooms are not huge but we found them fair enough for our purposes. Lastly, for those looking to vacation in San Fran like we did - I want to mention that we really enjoyed the Alcatraz tour (great audio guide available), a wine tour through Tower Tours (67$ pp 3 wineries  tastings incl), renting a car through Budget car rental (5 minutes walk away on Howard) and driving down the scenic HWY 1 (not to be missed if you have the time), as well as dinner at the Cliff House restaurant overlooking the Pacific. And my last comment is that the Museum of Modern Art is current showing Frida Kahlo's work which was such a pleasant surprise. This museum is literally a 3 minute walk from the hotel.I hope you enjoy your visit to San Francisco as much as we did!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MineralKing
<Content>Heavenly They're not kidding with their Heavenly Bed and Heavenly Bath slogans at Westin. And while there's nothing like an awesome bed and bath when you're traveling, it's the other services and amenities that made this property stand out for us.The lobby was beautiful with the mesmerizing scent of what seemed like 100 orchids displayed in the center on a beautiful huge pedestal. The dark wood and marble everywhere was elegant.Our 7th floor room (by request) overlooked Yerba Bueba Gardens and Potrero Hill in the background. We had 2 queen beds for my wife and I plus our two teenage boys. Normally, they tug and push and kick each other, but not this time. The bed was large and comfortable. We all slept great. And the room had plenty of space when we had friends and their kids over for a glass of wine.The concierge and bell staff were knowledgeable and courteous. Housekeeping left extra towels, soaps and shampoos at our request. Everyone was extremely nice.Virgin Mega Store and Old Navy down the block were a hit with the kids. We walked thru Chinatown from the hotel and back. Union Square. Embarcadero. Everything was within walking distance. The only shock was the parking. $60 a day to park a car with the parking fee plus 25% taxes added in. Not to mention tipping the valet every time you took it out. So more like $70 a day for us. But we didn't care. It was such a great hotel stay that we can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ed-London
<Content>Good experience at the Westin on Market Street Good experience at the Westin on Market Street (although itéˆ¥æªš actually on 3rd Street). My fiancèŒ… and I stayed in San Francisco for 5 nights in June 2008. Overall the Westin on Market served us well éˆ¥?thought Iéˆ¥æª’l be the first to admit we donéˆ¥æª› spend much time in the hotel room when we travel! Location: Excellent. Right in the hub of Downtown, just off Market Street. Between two BART stations (which Iéˆ¥æª‡ recommend for ease of use, speed  low cost from SFO airport). 5 minutes to Union Square, 5 minutes to Westfield Shopping Centre (huge!), 5 minutes to the two major Tourist Tram stops, get the idea? Youéˆ¥æªe got buses, streetcars and trams within a few minutes walk that service the majority of the City, and public transport is pretty decent (and relatively cheap) in San Fran so thereéˆ¥æªš no reason not to use it. Youéˆ¥æª™e also near a number of the big conference venues, as well as the Yerba Buena Gardens éˆ¥?a very pleasant city park! This was our major factor for choosing the hotel and it didnéˆ¥æª› disappoint.Amenities / Rooms: We had a standard Queen-bed room on the lower floors, but asking politely at the front desk got us moved up to a higher floor, corner room with nice City views éˆ¥?a good start! Room was well equipped, good TV with plenty of channels, nice bathroom and a very comfy bed. Soap / Shampoo etc all good quality and a free daily USA Today. Our room was a little crowded, but it wasnéˆ¥æª› a problem for us. Good quality Starbucks Coffee / Tea, however we had a gripe with the paper cups (itéˆ¥æªš a hotel éˆ¥?not a coffee shop!) - it took us 2 days and a couple of conversations with housekeeping before they would bring us proper mugs éˆ¥?not flimsy paper things éˆ¥?though I appreciate the business traveller may want the convenience of coffee to go. The fiancèŒ… said the shower wasnéˆ¥æª› hot at times, though I never noticed myself. Lastly for international travellers éˆ¥?the hotel doesnéˆ¥æª› provide complimentary power adapters, so donéˆ¥æª› forget yours from home like we did! The rest of the hotel was very pleasant, nice lobby / lounge area with a fireplace(!) and a good bar éˆ¥?however we didnéˆ¥æª› try the restaurant or the gym éˆ¥?so canéˆ¥æª› comment there!Service: Everyone at the hotel was great, housekeeping were very pleasant (we had to call for coffee / tea top-ups nearly every day, they only replace the packets once a day) and very quick to respond to requests for extra hangers and the like. As I said the only problem was getting proper mugs instead of paper cups éˆ¥?which did take a few calls to different people before theyéˆ¥æª‡ help us! Lastly the Concierge was very pleasant and helpful with the couple of queries we had.General San Fran: Hit the major tourist spots (Alcatraz, Haight Ashbury, Fishermans Wharf, Chinatown etc) as theyéˆ¥æª™e all worth seeing, but book Alcatraz in advance as it sells out often! Nobéˆ¥æªš Hill is great for some views down the very steep streets. And lastly we really recommend Yoshiéˆ¥æªš for great Japanese food with an excellent Jazz Club to follow éˆ¥?plus you get to see Japan Town that way!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ambishen1981
<Content>Awesome location!!!! This hotel was in a great location. A half a block to a major transit stop. About 2 blocks to the cable car end of the line station. About 3 blocks to Chinatown or Union square. We had 3 days in San Fran and had no problem getting around the city on transit. Definitely get a transit pass your first day. It is so worth it. This hotel is on the edge of the financial district as well. So if you are there for business this is a great hotel. The majority of the clientele is business travelers. So the restaurant is pretty much empty by 9 am so it worked well for us. We only ate breakfast at the hotel and it was always really good. The concierge was really helpful. Talk to them first about things to see and tours to go on. They will also have a transit map that you can get. This is very helpful! If you want an amazing meal down on Fisherman's Wharf go to Scoma's. This was our favorite meal by far. It is down a back alley off of Fisherman's Wharf at the end of a pier. Go early or make a reservation. We had to wait 15 minutes to get a table. When we were leaving the wait was up to an hour and a half. The wait is well worth it though. The chowder was really really good. Plus it's about a 15minute walk to Ghirardelli Square and an awesome chocolate sundae. All in all, I loved this hotel and city. I would definately recommend it to my friends and i would go back in a heart beat.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>biggyboy123
<Content>great location, service and clean, comfy rooms Former Argent Hotel. Stayed here 2 nights with family in two queen bed room. Some peeves: arrived, nobody helped with bags from taxi/curb into lobby. Friendly front desk personnel and bellman (yes, saw only one) once inside though. Room was very clean, nice view facing bay, flat panel TV, large-clean comfy beds, large, clean comfy bathroom, large desk. Beware of touching minibar due to sensors, called after touching to make sure wasn't charged. Room w/ safe inside. wireless costs $15 unlimited access per 24 hrs only. nice gym on 4th floor. Business center charges $ for pc/printer use but was free for flight confirmations and printouts only. Museum of Modern Art and Moscone center one block away. Very close to many attractions- Chinatown nearby for good food too. Employees working night shift very courteous, helpful but parking in downtown SFO is ridiculous- about 30-40 per night on top of car rental fees. Checkout was better than arrival since friendly bellmen were available to help this time.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	2	4	2	

<Author>ChaninSydney
<Content>This is not what I thought I was staying for 2 nights (28-29 of APR). The first impression of the building was OK and it has a fantastic location. But when I walk into the lobby for checkin, the unexpected experience started:First: My baggages were unloaded from the taxi by the bell-boy and the trolley which contain my baggages was left in the middle of the lobby unattended and the bell-boy was disappear. There is no tag or paper to state those baggages belongs to...Second: After a unhelpful and slow service provided by the Conciege, I finally got my room key, my baggages still unattended, I decide to unload my baggages from the trolley and carry to my room myself.Third: My package deal should included 2 bottles of water per day and breakfast. However it never show up on thier system and charge us wrongly. It took them ages to correct the invoice during checkout. However, it still over-charge me on my credit card. When I got back to Australia, it took them weeks to correct the adjust the payment on my credit card account.Finally: I have place my baggages into their storage after check out in the morning and continue my final day sight seeing. When I back to hotel and pick up the baggages from their storage from the staff. The staff does not show the appreciation when I gave him tip.I am very easy to please person. But this hotel not worth the name and way below standard....  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>urbanshopper
<Content>What You'd Expect from Westin...       complimentary coffee  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>claszyldy26
<Content>Great Service at The Westin! My best friend's parents treated us to a weekend in San Francisco to celebrate her college graduation. When I found out we were staying at the Westin I kept quite about my horrible past experience with the Westin in Los Angeles. I didn't want to upset anyone as I was lucky to be on this trip for free. I was hoping this Westin would fare better than the one in Los Angeles, and thankfully it did! Personally I did not have any complaints! The rooms were spacious with great views. Flat screen t.v.'s were in every room as promised, unlike the L.A. Westin. The hotel staff was very nice and accomodating. When we removed items from the mini bar to store our food in we simply called down when we were checking out and told them to please remove the items from the bill that we had put everything back, and it was done, no questions asked! I think the only small complaint might be that my friends parents rooms smelled like smoke even when the requested a no smoking room. But other than that things were great! The concierege was extremely helpful as well arranging a car service for my friend and printing her boarding pass for her! We also tried the restaurat, Decca??, I think. The food was amazing! A bit overpriced but very good. They have fancy names for everything but if you ask the waiter they will put it in lamens terms for you. I had the burger which was delish! Especially the special fries that come with it! There were a couple of complaints that the service was a bit slow but I personally didn't experience any of that. When I blistered my feet from walking around all day I left a message for the concierege asking for band-aids and within 20 min. there was a knock on my door with a man holding band-aids for me on the other side. The same thing happened when my friend forgot her toothbrush! They brought up a toothbrush and toothpaste within minutes! And even if they didn't have a certain item they didn't tell you where you could get it, they went out and got it for you! My friend's mom asked for something they didn't carry (I can't remember what exactly it was) but they said they would run down to the local Walgreens and pick it up for her and asked if there was anything else she needed...(she asked them to get her a green tea since they were over there). It was awesome! My impression of The Westin has much improved since my last stay at one!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>u2greek
<Content>Nice all around Westin Stayed at the Westin Market Street for two nights while visiting SF on vacation. Several nice things about the hotel..Location - can walk to many of the key areas in SF... all the shops on Market Square and around Union Square... 20 min walk to ATT Park, walking distance to the Powell street cable car line...We were given a king sized room at the end of the hallway with floor to ceiling windows throughout the entire room facing directly East. Nice views.. Room was a tad on the small side though, but can't complain. Bathroom was a good size with all the goodies, but didnt have the usual heavenly shower I've been accostomed to while staying at Westins.Plenty of pillows.. and comfortable bed - standard for Westins.Staff was friendly throughout our stay and with any questions we had. Were awoken from time to time with door banging and the high pitched Housekeeping from the maids, which was odd considering we were at the end of the hallway, and actually went through another door to get to our room. All in all, would recommend staying at this hotel - we did alot of research of the hotels in the area, and for our rate (~$200), cannot complain one bit.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bilboSussex_UK
<Content>iffy cleanliness we stayed for a couple of nights...great location for downtown,floor to ceiling dual aspect windows were great that we had(room at the end of a corridor on the higher floors)but the room was pretty small for a kingsize,the toilet was malfunctioning repeatedly and there was a lot of tapping,knocking,and other irritating noises throughout the night(sounded like mice!?).In addition the cleaning of the rooms was poor...we had rubbish from the previous occupyer left in the drawers and wardrobes,and coffee cups etc weren't replenished.We realise it is a busy hotel and san fran is expensive but for the rates paid for the rooms, you'd expect a slightly better standard,wherever you stay.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>valueaddedCanada
<Content>great location We booked 4 traditional rooms (floors 4, 6,7) for 5 nights for 8 people aged 19-82 years. The location is excellent for tourists as described in recent reviews. Half our group took the airport shuttle while others used BART to get to the hotel. Easy access to BART from SFO- and 10 minute slow stroll (not up steep incline) to the hotel from Montgomery BART station. (Best to have exact fare for the BART ticket machines-limited change given)The rooms with two queen beds were spacious. The room with one king bed was tiny and cramped. Book a two-bed room-its the same price. Obviously, there are noisy, windy rooms but our rooms were very clean and quiet, despite the wind. Rooms were located away from the elevators, midway down the hall, not in an alcove. No view except for the rooms on the 7th floor. The hotel is not pet-free. Members of our group have allergies and we were lucky that no one reacted to any dander that may have been left behind. We asked for non-feather bedding. Did not eat in hotel. Used gym daily-great facility. Front desk personnel varied greatly in friendliness and helpfulness. Used public transport daily. Best bargain was the $10 (monthly) seniors' pass-bought at Walgreens on Market Street (about 1 block from hotel) and 3-day adult pass-bought at visitor's center on Powell St. (or any station). Lots of bus stops on Third street or Market street (1/2 block away). Catch the F-line antique street cars on Market St. to Ferry Bldg/Fisherman's wharf or stroll 10 minutes to the Powell street cable car. #71 bus (stops on Market Street) goes directly to Haight-Ashbury and Golden Gate Park.Food: Teens liked the BBQ chicken pizza at California Pizza across street from hotel. Try the upscale food court at Westfield Centre on Powell and Market. Mistral Rotisserie Provencale (check their website) at the Ferry Bldg serves well-seasoned lamb, duck , beef and pork dishes for under $12.00 for combo plate. We got there just before closing so seating for 8 was not a problem, and got huge portions. Chinatown tips-for a traditional experience, avoid restaurants that have a greeter. Look for a place with a lot of locals. After souvenir shopping on Grant Ave, go along Stockton Ave. Excellent egg custard tarts at Cafe Honolulu (between Post and Clay) and directly across the street, tiny You's Dim Sum serves OK dim sum-their $1 congee was OK too. Red Blossom tea house on Grant was fun (buy their tea). Scoma's on Pier 47-mediocre /expensive food but big portions. crab cakes were good (share your meal)-no seating problem at 5 pm. Had to have chocolate ice cream sundaes at Ghirardelli square. Lunch at Trattoria Pinocchio in North Beach-homemade pasta/sauces and desserts-20 minute walk from hotel along Kearney to Columbus(easy walk for the 82 year old).Would stay at Westin again because of location and as long as standard rooms are under $160.00/night.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>bluefairyprncs
<Content>Definitely Heavenly       Traditional King Heavenly Bed  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>leroyk
<Content>Great location location near Moscone The Westin is in a great location about two blocks from Moscone Convention Center. Rooms are tad bit small. Although bath and entry are quite large. It must be the width of the room as a king eats up all the space. Great LCD and traditional Westin features. Views from higher floors are good.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hls1209
<Content>Loved this hotel......great experience....... Stayed here on our honeymoon for two evenings before heading to other parts of California. (actually, in 2002, not 2003) Originally booked other hotel, but upon arrival, realized it was in a HORRIBLE section of SF, and so we drove around and happened upon the Argent. They were so nice, and did everything to reassure us about our trip and SF. They helped us organize activities and transportation to and from those activities. Would return again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yowzatx
<Content>Great Hotel This was my second stay at the Westin Market Street and once again I was very happy. I booked through Hotwire, having to make two separate reservations for a weekend visit. The desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful, always smiling and eager to be of assistance - and didn't seem put-out when I requested a late check out. Got one of the odd-shaped corner rooms, but all the windows were wonderful. I love the clean, contemporary decor, and the location is excellent. I will definitely try to stay at this hotel whenever I visit San Francisco.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>MatthewManchester
<Content>Good In Parts.. Booked the Westin with Expedia and paid extra for a Grand Deluxe room. the rooms get more expensive the higher up you go and a Grand Deluxe was described as being between floors 14 and 26. We particularly wanted to be as high as possible (within our budget) and overlooking the city skyline.We arrived around 8pm and upon checking in asked to be put as high up as possible. The receptionist told us he had a room on the 32nd floor as someone hadnt turned up and it was now available. We were delighted, he tapped away on the computer and gave us our keys.... for a room on the 14th! I challenged this and asked about the room he had just mentioned on floor 32 and he said he couldnt give us that as it was allocated to another guest and assured us that he had given us one of the best rooms in the hotel. Too tired to argue, we accepted.The room on floor 14 overlooked the Yerba Buena gardens and a ground level building site which is immediately behind the hotel. Beds were fine, but the shower curtain was hanging off the rail and the water level in the toilet bowl was so high that you almost got wet when you sat on the loo! there was only one bathrobe supplied and the towels were a bit on the sparse side. We stayed there for the night and tried again at reception the following morning. We were told to leave our packed cases in the room and they would be moved to an alternative room by the time we came back from sightseeing in the afternoon.You guessed it, we came back around 4pm, asked at the desk and clearly nothing had been done. We were found a room on floor 26 but had to move our own luggage which I thought was a bit much given that the foyer is swarming with door staff, cocierges and bell boys! Overall the reception staff were a bit aloof... not the sort of service i was expecting really.The new room was identical to the other one, just higher up. The bathroom was in a better condition but still only one robe was supplied and again the number of towels seemed rather mean. We never got our city skyline views, bit the view from the back of the hotel over the Yerba Buena gardens, Moscone Centre and the bay in the distance was nice.We experienced the creaking of the hotel later in the week when the wind was really high (mentioned by another reviewer) but it wasnt an issue at all and not loud enough to disturb. We also experienced the fire alarm but were allowed to stay in our room until the hotel had checked it out and we were told it was a false alarm due to a problem in the garage. All of this was done over a PA system in the room.. very efficient and we were pleased not to have to walk down 26 flights.We didnt use the restaurent, way too expensive for anyone not on a business expense account! Breakfast items were individually priced and franky outrageous. There is a starbucks, a pizza restaurent, a Subway and a well stocked deli immediately outside the hotel so getting supplies to use in the room room isnt a problem. The mini bar is overpriced as is usually the case with hotels.The day before we left, i asked the guy who looked after the door how much time to allow for a cab to get to the airport during rush hour. He asked when we were leaving and said he would be on the door and would arrange for us to use the hotel limo as it was free. I took this to mean it was complimentary but when we arrived at the airport we were told the fare was 40 dollars! Thats more than a cab and I felt we had been misled somewhat. Beware if you are offered this service. It was nice to travel in style but you'll pay extra for it.So, positives:Great locationComfortable beds - and you can have a change of bedlinen every day if you want it.Fire alarm handled well.NegativesReception staff aloof and not very efficientProblems with initial check in and subsequent moveCharges for limo service not made clear.Breakfast prices outrageous.Overall, it was fine but I would look for an alternative hotel next time I visit.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>FrankDrebin
<Content>Great location but lacking... My wife and I stayed at the Westin, Market Street about 2.5 weeks ago over the weekend. The main reason I chose to stay there was a) the great location for shopping, and b) the decent/above average reviews on TA, and c) because I'm an SPG Gold Member. I went ahead and booked a Deluxe King Corner Room thinking that sounded pretty nice and a definite upgrade on the standard Kings..boy was I wrong.Let me back up though. Indeed the Westin is very well positioned just off Market Street on 5th. It's a great spot not only to head out shopping for the day but also is a little less scary then a few blocks north up towards the Tenderloin (where a number of big chain hotels are.) The building itself is modern and the lobby is clean and functional. We were checked in and recognised as Gold Members and everything seemed to be fine.Unfortunately when we got to the room we discovered that our 'upgraded' Deluxe Corner room was certainly not on the corner and looked like a standard King at best. I immediately went down to the front desk to only be told that I not only was in an upgraded room, but this room was an upgrade on the one I'd booked! After many discussions and the usual 'we're booked solid so can't move you' routine, we let it go. TIP: Be sure to triple check the room type you want/book..it is very easy to be fooled into thinking you're getting more then you are!This being said the room was fine and clean, although the bathroom was hardly what I'd called 'upgraded' and certainly not up to the dozens of Westins I've stayed in around the world. The gym was decent although small, but the bar downstairs was lively on the Saturday night and the staff fantastic.Overall the stay was decent but certainly below expectations for this price point and this chain. Redefined what a room upgrade means!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>whatsinitforme
<Content>NEVER stay at this hotel! The Westin Hotel at market street is a hotel to avoid at ALL costs.Its a very very very OLD Hotel which the Westin have taken over off another chain and i wish they hadn't!Its possibly the worst stay and hotel i have ever stayed in.The Hotel shakes,rattles and rolls in wind....YES...the whole building makes strange noises and if like me you are a light sleeper,you cannot sleep through it.Hotels explaination is all Hotels in SF are old and they all shake,rattle and roll.The Hotel completely refunded my stay to their credit although even this required follow up by me to get all of the credit due.And such a shame as location is good and some of the staff were lovely except for the Night Manager who should be sacked.The lady manager who helped me at 6am in the morning was lovely and was understanding saying many people were complaining of the same thing.Stay at this hotel at your own peril!!!!!!!!!!I moved to the Hyatt Regency in SF and that Hotel was great!I am sorry Westin but this Hotel should be shut down!And i have not even started on the rooms.Just do NOT stay there!  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	4	1	2	

<Author>ChelseaGirl98
<Content>Nice room in great location My husband and I stayed here for four nights after booking through Hotwire. The location is excellent, between Union Square and Moscone Center, and one block from the subway. Someone complained about noise in a review, but if you're staying in the heart of a big city how can you possibly expect it to be quiet? We were on the 9th floor, so we didn't hear too much noise anyway. Our room was spacious, nicely furnished, and the mattress was very comfortable. The bed linens were of good quality and there was a down comforter. The room had the usual amenities (coffee maker, iron and ironing board, hair dryer) and the towels were thick. My only complaint is that the bathroom (the room that contains the toilet and bathtub--the sink was in an alcove outside the bathroom) was extremely tiny. I literally had to move my body sideways to get the door open from the inside or there would have been no room to open the door without smashing it in my face. We had a corner room, so perhaps the bathroom in those rooms is smaller. Also, there were no towel racks by the sink so we had to leave our hand towels on the counter. Otherwise we were happy with the room.When we received our bill under the door, we saw that we were charged $20 to receive two packages. These fees had not been disclosed, so we complained upon checkout and the front desk clerk removed the fee without an argument. Internet access is $15 per day from your room. The business center fees are steep, but you can print your airline boarding passes for free.Overall, the service was good. The concierge recommended an excellent (though expensive) seafood restaurant in the area called Farollan. (I don't think I'm spelling it correctly...), and the bell desk got us a taxi to take us to the airport (it's cheaper than taking the house car, which is a limo) in the morning. Our Hotwire rate for this property was $139 a night, which is very inexpensive for San Francisco. The regular rate is around $350 a night, which is way too expensive for us, but if I got this property again on Hotwire or Priceline I would be happy.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlynchie
<Content>Windy Westin My girlfriend and I stayed in the Westin for a few days (4/19-4/22) during our recent trip to San Francisco. The hotel is in good condition and the rooms are small (but definitely reasonable). Unfortunately, when we were there it was exceptionally windy. This wind caused the hotel to literally creek, moan and make endless amounts of noise. It was really crazy. We called the front desk to explain the situation. They were not willing to give us another room. I gave it some more time and the noises still didn't stop. As a result, I went to discuss the situation with the front desk. The man at the desk was understanding and helpful. He gave us another room and there was (thankfully) no more noise issues. . .that is, until that night. . .the fire alarm went off later that evening. A series of announcements followed and we were told that there was an issue in the garage, but not to worry. These things happen, but it was just the cherry on the top of a loud day.Overall, the hotel is nice, the service was decent, but I would not stay there again. There are so many hotels in and around Union Square that I'd just assume try somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>kiwitravelerpdx
<Content>Excellent Location; Nice Property       View from 3603  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CellarDoor15
<Content>Bad Customer Service Stayed there for business. Gave them a CC for incidentals, but charged entire room amount to my card, plus $120 extra. The reason? I received two answers, first, we were told the woman who checked us in was in training and did everything wrong. Secondly, they said it wasn't our fault you didn't fill out the paperwork. Prior to checking in, they hadn't sent any paperwork to our company, nor did they ask for any when we checked in. Since then, we've called to rectify and have since gotten the run around about getting the charges reversed. It's a beautiful hotel, and normally, I would give them an excellent rating, but since having gone through this experience, I don't think our company will be staying there any longer.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	3	5	1	4	5	

<Author>travelsavant
<Content>Good Stay at the Westin Stayed at the Westin Market Street on Valentine's Day 2008 and hotel stay was perfect. Newly renovated room was spotlessly clean, very nice modern furnishings, floor-to-ceiling windows with great views, comfortable heavenly bed and had good amenities for both leisure and business travelers, except Internet for a fee. Location is good  very easy walking to MOMA and shopping. Did not use room service or restaurant, so no comment. All staff was friendly, polite and accommodating. Would definitely stay again and recommend to my friends.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>richvabrew
<Content>Not Impressed...Stayed at Better Hotels It seems the hotel was fully booked the first week of April and the only room I could get was on the 4th floor. I requested a higher floor but was told nothing was going to open for a few days. We did arrive early and was accomodated with rooms. The hotel was average, nothing spectacular about it. I am not much of a person to spend time in a hotel anyway especially when in San Francisco. The room was noisy from the street sirens and the view wasn't great. Higher floor rooms are probably better. It was clean and the housekeeping service was great (be sure to tip them.) I didn't use room service but the room beside me used it constantly and the doors banging closed were extremely loud.The location was good...go get the muni pass for $24 for 7 days. You can ride on anything except Bart all week. Overall, I would say this hotel was okay if you can get a reasonable rate.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Escapefromthedesert
<Content>Great New WI in SFO I was very pleased with this hotel. In a bit of confusion thought, I had confirmed the Westin St Francis. I stayed at the hotel when it was the LArgent. I was impressed with the Westin takeover . The valet let me park my rental car in the front, while I checked in. The front desk was very professional, helpful and friendly, when US Airways vacations failed to confirm our room. There was no wait, arguement or problem. The room was spacious, had a great view and quiet. The in room coffee was great. We ate breakfast in the hotel and the food was excellent. The price was typical for a hotel stay on the expensive side. The gym was large and had several types of equipment. It was stocked with towels and has a great set of weights. The location is great it is a 2 minute walk from the cable cars and Union Square. There is allot of great shopping near the hotel. There was only small concern, I rented a car as I took a day trip to Carmel. Parking is a nightmare in downtown SFO. The hotel charged $40.00 per night. The valet was kind enough to advise a city parking garage next door to the hotel that charged only $28 dollars per day. It was my own fault, since a car is not a necessity in San Francisco. This is a welcome addtion to the Starwood family  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rl743
<Content>Beware the Fees! I was at the hotel for a conference at Moscone Center earlier this week. Generally the hotel gets high marks for location, cleanliness, design/decor, service, etc. However, the fees they charge are borderline outlandish. Examples:1. Internet Service - $15 per day. Should be free. Max I've seen anywhere is $10 per day.2. Package Handling Fee - Charged me $15 simply to receive a FedEx package at the concierge desk. Outrageous. Sort of like American Airlines charging to use Skycaps, except worse at $10 per bag. Tips only please.3. Business Center - Charged something like $1.50 per page for black and white printouts. Go across the street to the copy center.4. Bottled Water - $4 for a mini bottle at the mini-bar, no freebie offered. Would be a nice, and inexpensive, touch to offer at least one decent bottle free. Competitors do it. Go next door to the nice little deli mart and pick up a 2 liter bottle for $2.Apart from the fees, the other little nuisance is their booking policies. I could not book a room a week early directly with Westin because they were sold out. However, I could book through Expedia, so clearly they are selling blocks of rooms to Expedia (confirmed by front desk). It is fine, or even wise, for a hotel to do this to guarantee occupancy. However, they go the extra, and offensive, step here by using these Expedia blocks to manage their placement of guests. They could not give me a King Bed room despite the fact that I had selected a higher premium room with a King Bed and paid more than the basic room. They also placed me near roaring elevators claiming there were no other rooms. When I resisted on both fronts, they essentially said don't blame us, blame Expedia - room types are not guaranteed through Expedia.It's one thing to sell room blocks to manage occupancy, quite another to willingly sell rooms off to a third party, forcing others to book through that third party because you are sold out, and then blame the third party for their own lack of proper inventory management.Notably, after more fuss, a quieter room away from the elevators magically appeared.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	2	4	2	3	2	

<Author>MarkKim00
<Content>My Personal Choice for SF Location is right off 3rd and Market St. Right in the Financial district. Easily accessible to the BART stations, shopping in the Union Square area and the restaurants and arts in the SOMA area. Rooms were very clean and crisp. Beds are great. Furnishing is simple and modern. Businessy to Chic. Bathrooms were above average.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>joolee501
<Content>great hotel, great location! i've stayed at this hotel multiple times. the last time was with a group of girlfriends~ we had a blast. the location is great for walking to the westfield mall and union sqaure. the room is very nice and there always seems to be a great room offer!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>BeforeSunrise
<Content>Great for business travel This hotel has been tuned to the business traveler - ergonomic work chair, wifi (although for a fee), good lighting, plenty of outlets, etc. The Heavenly beds are fantastic and the room was pretty spacious. It's easy to get a cab out front or walk easily to many nearby attractions. The front desk staff was courteous and quick. Overall, a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>video4all
<Content>Wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wanted to let you know what a wonderful stay we had at your Westin Hotel on 50 third St. You have a wonderful staff and wonderful accomidations. Out of all the hotels I've stayed in yours is by far the best. Thank you. Keep it up. Best, E. Rothwell  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ava73
<Content>Excellent hotel Everyone of the hotel staff is excellent, surpass expectations. Room was fabulous, exactly as I requested. Very modern, cheery, location was perfect !! Highly recommended!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sum_yung_gai
<Content>Overpriced and behind the times The Westin Market Street in San Francisco is a nice enough hotel, but the first thing you discover is that much of the stuff that normally comes included with your room at other hotels, costs extra at the Westin and this quickly starts to leave a sour taste in the mouth. Breakfast is not included with the room and the menu prices are horrendous - $8 for a bowl of Special K! The Wi-Fi service offered by the hotel is also extra - $15 a day for a pretty slow connection with an awkward and clunky login procedure. This, in combination with the lack of electrical outlets in the room make this hotel seem very behind the times when you consider all the electronics that the typical business or even personal traveler might carry nowadays. In this day and age, Wi-Fi in most places is pretty much a necessity like running water in the bathroom and hotels that keep charging for it as if it were some great luxury, simply brand themselves as dinosaurs. The rooms at the Westin are comfortable but bland and impersonal. The Westin charges a very upscale rate for a hotel that has few distinguishing amenities - not even a pool for example - and their policy of pricing extra for all the stuff that other hotels give you with the room, definitely left us feeling somewhat disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	2	1	

<Author>ngaminova
<Content>Convenient and Comfortable       The view from our room.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>ccgworldtraveler
<Content>Converted from another hotel - needs more work This hotel was converted from another hotel brand within the last 18 -24 months or so. However, it did not feel like a Westin - from the rude front desk staff to the lack of helpful doormen, the service at this Westin was really lacking and not up to par with other Westins - I suspect this is one of those licensed properties and not under the direct control of Starwood. This is reflected in the standards of service which were low. The room was ok - i was on a high floor as a Starwood Platinum. LCD TV in the room, nice bed, and individual coffee maker was nice. Bathroom was small, and wireless internet was always weak signal the entire time, and it kept disconnecting. When you pay $14 or so, you expect that the signal is strong and that it doesnt keep dropping you. I had to ask for the toiletries to be replaced since the maid didnt replenish shampoo or shower gel. Room service menu is limited and expensive - plenty of nearby restaurants thankfully. Location of the hotel is great as long as you dont expect the staff to go out of its way to help you. Have already changed my future reservations for San Francisco to stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	1	1	2	

<Author>konacat
<Content>cancelled without notice or negotiation Your reservation was cancelled. This was the greeting we and many others suffered on arrival at the front desk of the SF Westin Market street property. We were in SF for a professional meeting that I had scheduled in September; we reserved and paid in full for our room on Sepember 30th through WWTE (an Expedia affiliate). We were told that the Hotel had decided to cancel resevations randomly, based on use paterns due to a overbooking situation that they claimed was due to a technical error.Tthey had informed Expedia of the cancelations expecting them to notify those cancelled. The hotel had overbooked 60-80 rooms and did not discover it untill a week or two prior to the meeting.The Hotel denied any responsibility for notifying us of their decision, nor did they feel the situation was up for negotiation even though they had accepted payment in full over five months earlier. We were left at the front desk with the offer of alternative housing at an airport area hotel for the same price, 30-45 minutes away. There was no negotiation for us, just I'm sorry, there is nothing else we can do, you have been cancelled and reassigned to the airport hotel;we may offer you a complimentry one night stay here in the future. We were not alone in this situatuion as others came from a great distance and got the same message, some from the UK that had no other options but to accept such poor treatment. We were all informed at the front desk and left in the lobby; we were abandonded and disrespected by the management of this hotel. They let their front desk people do the painful task of informing the guests of their decision and then taking the reaction in a public place while they sat in thier offices. We have stayed at many Starwood properties in the past (including this specific hotel in December 07) and have been pleased with their quality and service, but his was our worst travel experience .  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>entjohns51
<Content>Great but Expensive       Downstairs to sit and relax  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>kmd74
<Content>Good value       oatmeal - delivered early - hooray!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	3	5	4	

<Author>jrmgu
<Content>They Cancelled My Confirmed, Pre-Paid Reservation 3 Days Before I Arrived I know what you're thinking. That can't be possible. Well I would never have thought a hotel (especially a 4-star Westin) would act in such a sleazy manner, but it is 100% true.I booked my stay over two months in advance and pre-paid my reservation. I received a reservation and a confirmation number from the hotel. Then, two days before my arrival when I called the hotel as a courtesy to inform them I would be arriving late, they said my reservation was cancelled. When I pressed for how this could happen, I was told that the hotel was overbooked and there was nothing they could do to accomodate me. Making matters even worse is the fact that the hotel did not even call me to let me know they cancelled me. They were perfectly content to let me fly six hours to San Francisco and arrive at midnight only to then tell me I had no place to stay.It is painfully obvious that they cancelled my reservation because I was at a less expensive rate (since I booked two months early) than what they could get from someone else booking last-minute. I am still in shock by their actions and by there total disregard of customer service, including their refusal to do anything to accomodate me (such as finding a room in a nearby hotel). Beware if you book with Westin...you might not have a room when you show up!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>FreqTravellerDC
<Content>Great hotel and location The Westin Market street is probably my favorite among the W Hotel, Westin St Francis, Grand Hyatt, and Palace Hotel in San Francisco. It has nice, modern, clean rooms,. It is next to Market Street, near Yerba Buena gardens and a short walk from the Financial / Embarcadero area. The staff is friendly and helpful. The workout facility is clean and has plenty of equipment so that you shouldn't need to go elsewhere for a workout. The XYZ restaurant at the W Hotel nearby is a better dining option than the Westin hotel itself.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Clrich56
<Content>Great Place To Stay While traveling to San Francisco on business I stayed at the Westin on Market Street. This hotel was extremely clean and the staff was great. It was well within walking distance from China Town and the office. The only complaint was that I had to pay for internet access. For the price, internet should have been included.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spudsmama
<Content>Great experience       suite--bed room  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SenorBert
<Content>Very Good stay at the Westin on Market St. My wife and I,stayed at the Westin for three days Feb 14-17, 2008 and found the hotel to be above average.  Check-in was quick, and they gave us a choice of King bed or two Queen beds.  Room was clean, safe didn't work, was fixed within 10 minutes. There was a large screen plasma TV. Extra coffee on request was provided. Bed was comfortable, linens were of good quality, made up daily.  Hotel staff was prompt and courteous. Hotel was close to Union Square and cable car line, close to SF Museum of Modern Art, close to the Ferry Bld. Just a cable car ride away from Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf. In house limo service provided for return to airport for $8 more than a cab. Driver was great. A few cons; Street noise was noticable . We were on the 9th floor, quieted down by 11:00. We had breakfast there; the food was good but as in general for the Westin, pricey. In room bar fridge overpriced but convenient, has an automated system and we were charged for one drink we didn't have. Stores are close, just around the corner. Area tips: We ate across the street at the California Pizza Kitchen (fusion style menu). Food was good and priced okay. We also ate at Lefty O'Doules, (big comfort food menu), by Union Square. Unique sports decor, self-serve food, good sized portions, fresh bread. Try it--priced under 10$ for good-sized sandwich and side. If you stay for more than a couple of days and don't have a car, get a transit pass. Lets you use cable cars and buses. Bart is extra. Car parking is expensive; 40$ at the hotel, 20$ across the street and the streets are tough to navigate. We give the hotel our recommendation and would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TrvlDva
<Content>Okay, but not great Recently stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, and I thought my stay was okay, but nothing great. Good points: the Heavenly Bed and good location. Negative points: service was decent but not great, maid service was spotty, and I thought the food was okay, but really expensive. Overall, not a bad hotel, but for the price I paid, I think I'll try somewhere else next time I go back to San Fran.Tips: if you have a car, park across the street, because the hotel parking is $42 a day, and you'll save about $20. Also, if you eat in the restaurant, and you're wearing black, ask for a black napkin. I ate breakfast at the restaurant one morning, and was covered in tiny white pieces of thread from the white napkin I used. When I told the hostess, she said that they had black napkins that I could have used (but was never told about them).  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>jongin
<Content>Pretty good BUT Mostly good review. We had 2 connected rooms since there were 3 adults, 1 toddler and 1 baby. The rooms were nice but basic. The beds are comfortable and that is coming from someone who does not sleep well away from home.We got a great rate on Hotwire - $160.00 per night per room. I am an avid runner and I found the treadmills to be awesome in the workout room.OK - the not so good.The bellhops are not helpful at all. They helped me by opening the door and I did the rest of the loading. Then when he came to the room the key did not work so he had the cleaning lady open the door but he promised to return with a reprogrammed key - after 45 minutes we went down and got it ourselves.Paying $15 per day for internet access is a total ripoff. The wifi stinks- I am pretty tech savvy and I don't think they have enough access points.Other than that, the hotel was clean and quiet, conveniently located to Chi town and the docks and across the street from an Office Depot and around the corner from a Kinko's.I would stay there again as long as I brought my own isp card.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>herbkim
<Content>Mixed Experience I stayed at the hotel recently for 5 nights so got a good dose of a highly variable experience. THE GOODThe Heavenly Bed is heavenly. It's not that these beds are overtly super-comfortable or luxurious; it's just that I effortlessly went to sleep without once thinking about it. Almost like freakin magic. Amazing.The gym is decent. Not amazing but better than average. The running machines need better maintenance.The restaurant for b'fast is also decent and above average for the price point.THE BADI had an order from Amazon.com shipped to the hotel which Amazon split into 3 deliveries. The hotel had the audacity to charge me $15 for each small box or $45 to receive $30 in CD's! Absolutely criminal if you ask me. The concierge refused to reduce the charge to one $15 delivery fee which is bad enough. In addition, they charged me for $29 in minibar charges when I had exactly $0 worth of items.Worst, they charged me twice on the same day for Internet access and refused to deduct one of the two charges.The Heavenly Shower is not bad but an overengineered gimmick. They'd be better off with rainshower heads in my personal opinion.OVERALLThe hotel is good looking and has a pretty good position in town. The staff are unacceptably rude for a hotel of this cost and class. Put simply, there are plenty of better options not far away. I have no plans on returning but hopefully they will improve with time.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	2	1	

<Author>NyOshi
<Content>would have been terrible if I had paid the full price We have experienced unpleasant service not normally expected from any level of hotels. I have experienced the first time a rude operator in the Westin Market Street. I didn't know until then that this kind of operator exists in the hotel (Jan 20, 2008 in the morning). The survival of anything in westin environment?Key box in my room didn't work (jan 25,2008) and a mechanic fixed it. It took 30 -40 min. A security called hotel manager so that he or she can arrange for us a place to wait in but manager was not available and didn't apologize in any way later.Maid service was not consistent, failing to provide some trivial supply such as hand towels one day and some other the next day, etc.The service at the Argonaut Hotel (jan 26-30) was much better and this contrasted the loose service of the westin.Otherwise, I think that you may get what you can expect from 3-4 star hotels.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	2	4	

<Author>cherishee
<Content>Good Experience       View from our room  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>mrsslovestotravel
<Content>Loved it!!       Front of Hotel  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ohiocouple
<Content>Will Stay Here Again! First off I am a Gold Starwood Prefered Guest. I used my points to get a room for one night. If you are a SPG using points I highly recommend calling to book your room. We got an upgrade that was unavailable on the SPG website. I got a corner King Suite on the 30th floor. The hotel was built in April 2007 and everything was like new. Service was excellent. When I checked in, the front desk ordered a rollaway for the room. It promptly arrived no more than 5 minutes when I walked in the room. Great location! If you are driving I would park across the street. We paid $19/ day. Not bad for the city. Everything about the hotel was great and I would Definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ritchard
<Content>Great place to stay! Booked a great deal through expedia. This hotel is centrally located for all the shops. Clean, well maintained, friendly staff and AMAZING beds. Westin promote their beds as an experience and they truly are! I wouldnt hesitate in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travebunny
<Content>Very Nice for picky snob. This hotel was very nice. I am a snob when it comes to my hotel rooms and this hotel was perfect for me. We got an awesome deal with Hotwire and they upgraded us because I was a Starwood prefered guest. But I think if they can they will upgrade anyone. Every employee was super nice. Service was above average. The location was unbeatable and the food was increadable. I really loved this hotel and San Francisco was so much fun.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LostIinNY
<Content>Better the Second Time Around I stayed at the Westin Market Street for 4 days and really enjoyed my stay. The concierge was extremely helpful, recommending and making reservations at several wonderful restaurants (including Tommy Toy's). Much better than when I stayed here for several days back in September and the service was terrible, totally unresponsive.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>su_o
<Content>Great Location, Great Stay We stayed here for 5 nights in July and had a fabulous time. The hotel is close to Union Square where there are lots of shops to be found. We ordered room service breakfast one morning and although it was on the slightly pricey side the service and food were excellent. The hotel itself has character and we found the concierge extremely helpful. The only downside was the room location; it was close to the elevator shaft, which we found a little noisy throughout the night. We would just make sure next time we stay here we got a room a little further away from the elevators.The rooms and beds especially are fantastic and we loved the floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was elegant and plenty of accessories were provided. The Westin Market St is exceptional and great value for the quality offered.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Majabra
<Content>Great location, great room, great service. When we first arrived at the hotel my initial impression was not that great. I felt the hotel lobby was dark, cold and not at all welcoming. We had requested a room a high floor to make the most of the city views, however, althogh the room was on a high floor, the room was on the back of the building looking over a very non -descript view to say the least. We did request another room with a front facing view which the staff more than happily arranged, and our new view was spectacular, so if you are fussy about the view from your room, request a front facing high floor room. The room itself was very comfortable and the mattress on the bed was to die for. The consierge at the hotel were very helpful. My only critism of the hotel is the restaurant. It was not only over-priced but very pretencious, and I fely I was sitting in a wind tunnel. Yes, Ok the food was alright, but this is San Francisco, there are plenty of better and cheaper places to eat, please learn from our mistake!! The location is great for the public transport links, and we found it ideal to use as a base to explore the city. I would definetly stay at this hotel again in the future. We did all the tourist destinations, and planned for many before hand via the internet, so please feel free to email me should you want some information. One must is to hire a bike and cycle over the Golden Gate Bridge to the village of Sausilito. This was definetly a highlight of the trip.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MoreTripsPlease
<Content>Great Location!       Another view of 3rd and Market  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>napameritage
<Content>Not the Westin Service You would expect 1. Rude front desk2. Breakfast buffet has very few choices3. Valet Parking takes forever4. Rooms are ok, but lack of attention: i.e. no cotton balls, not q tips, no shoe shine, no in room slippers  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>JoM_9
<Content>I loved this hotel We stayed here for three nights and I didn't want to leave. It is in a really convenient location and was very comfortable. The room was beautiful and staff very professional and obliging. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Get-in-round
<Content>Great view! location! bed! staff! This property was recently renovated and is very comfortable for business or leisure. The beds are heavenly, showers with dual Speakman heads, plasm TVs with cable, complimentary fitness center and terrific location near shopping, public transportation, and restaurants. The entire staff professionally accomodated our every request promptly (and we had many!). The hotel is conveniently located in an upscale area of Union Square with wonderful views of the Bay Bridge and the city--the higher the floor, the better. The valet parking entrance is on Third (away from the loud, busy tourist area) which did get a bit congested on Saturday with cars entering the city. I recommend the Westin 100%!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maria70
<Content>Westin a great hotel. We had a great visit at the Westin - service was excellent, room was lovely, food great. Very cool, modern lobby. No complaints - very pleasant!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>heatherandjohn
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We got a really good rate of $109/night on hotwire. We weren't expecting much, but we really enjoyed our room. We had a huge, comfortable heavenly bed, large flat screen television, huge desk and nice bathroom. We didn't eat in the restaurant or go to the bar. The location was convenient. Lots of shops and places to eat within walking distance. The only complaint was that parking was expensive, but that is typical to San Francisco. I would recommend this hotel, especially if you get a good rate.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>BenBM
<Content>Very Comfortable, Good location for shops Stayed at the Westin Market St (used to be the Argent) for a couple of nights before travelling onward to NZ. The hotel enjoys a good location near to the BART station (30 mins to the airport) and a stone's throw from the shops, Union Sq and cable car stops. The rooms are very comfortable (great heavenly beds) with floor to ceiling windows and nice (what looked like) newly furnished bathrooms. We ate in the restaurant for breakfast on one of the days which was excellent. I would recommend the hotel as a great base for exploring the city.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dbsk8dance
<Content>Westin Market St. Hotel Stay- December 7-9, 20072 couples (2 rooms)  1 ToddlerWe had a fantastic experience at the Westin Market Street in San Francisco. 1. Excellent service- we arrived very early (9:30am) from the airport and just wanted to check our bags but they checked to see if a room was available and one was, so they let us check in. Our other family was arriving later in the day and we checked them in as well as requesting a crib. No problems with this and the crib was exactly what they needed. (No moving sides, though, so if your baby cannot sit or stand up on their own, it might be hard to get them out.) They also requested a fridge to keep the baby's milk cold and it arrived in a timely manner as well. 2. Location:The hotel is located just off of Market St. on 3rd. It was a block and a half from the Montgomery BART station and directly on the line for the trolly cars and the #30 bus that took us around town. It was a quick 10-15 minute walk to Union Square and had many restaurants in close vicinity. 3. ComfortThe legendary beds at the Westin were great! Super comfy pollows and beds. Our bathroom was tiny, but clean and the maid staff was super friendly. A pod coffee and tea machine was free in the room and when we asked the maids for more of both tea and coffee, they gave us tons! My husband even liked the shampoo!Our one issue with the hotel was the mini fridge. They had the normal stocked fridge with the weight sensitive billing process. When we arrived there was an item missing from one of our rooms. We called this down immediately, but it did show up on a bill when we were ready for checkout. When we called the front desk, however, they took care of the problem right away with no fuss.Overall, this was an EXCELLENT experience and I would definitely try to stay at this hotel again. We got an amazing deal on hotwire. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KrisKros
<Content>Loved everything about it!       Bedroom  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>af847
<Content>Love This Hotel This is a very nice place to stay. There's very little to find fault here. The lobby is beautiful and spacious. Staff is courteous and efficnient. Bar and restaurant are beautiful with a nice selection of food and drink. Great location. The room seems very new and modern. Spacious desk to work. Wish I had a desk-level outlet to plug in my laptop, though. Gorgeous bathroom, sparkling clean. And the bed. .. ahh, the bed. I wish I had one like this at home. I suspect I got a somewhat smaller room because I bought the room on Priceline. But I think many hotels do that. Anyway, I'd definately stay here again. Thumbs up!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vegasjit
<Content>Nice Hotel Nice Hotel and good location. The hotel is not on Market Street as teh name states. It is one block away on third street. Not a big difference.I was upset only by the following. Upon my departure, the doorman got me a taxi to the airport. Not only did he accept a gratuity from me, but he also, not so discreetly, took money from the taxi driver. A tip for TripAdvisor readers. There is no need to tip your bellman at this hotel if you are going to SFO. The cab drivers will tip him for you.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>luv2travel16
<Content>Weekend friends getaway We enjoyed staying at the Westin San Francisco Market Street. The location was superb- walking distance to Union Square, China Town, and the cable cars to go up to Fisherman's Wharf. The rooms were clean and comfortable. We were very well rested after staying in this hotel. We booked this hotel with the winery tour package and got an excellent deal. All in all, the Westin San Francisco Market Street made our weekend in San Francisco very enjoyable and extremely relaxing. Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TerrySF
<Content>Nice and comfortable Although I live in the Bay Area, I stayed here for one night as a part of a business function.My room was clean and more spacious than I expected. Super comfortable bed, nice linens and pillows. Noise level was low, I couldn't hear the people upstairs walking - only people walking by the door in the morning. Don't bother with the restaurant - it's overpriced and has a young, snotty staff. Great location too, nearby shopping, restaurants and transportation.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Finngirlnh
<Content>Westin Market Street is nice in San Francisco I found our stay at the Westin Market Stree to be very pleasant. It is in a good location to the streetcars and the cable cars. Nice for tourists like us. The concierge service was EXCELLENT! It was our first time in SF and it was very nice to have such delightful people to help us out. They even helped us get tickets to the Alcatraz Tour! The room was nice and clean and the amenities were great. There is a nice restaurant in the hotel which I find very convenient for breakfast. (no searching a strange city for food!) Upon arrival, the front desk found out that it was our 10th anniversary and upgraded us to a higher room (for the view). That was the first time any hotel had done this for me. It is a little pricey, but I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>racb
<Content>good hotel in great location I have stayed there twice now and have enjoyed both times. The rooms are standard Westing decor...modern and clean looking which some may find spartan. Its a great location particularly if you are doing things at Yerba Buena arts center or going to SFMOMA. Also convenient to shopping and public transportation. I ate at the Venetian restaurant Ducca at the hotel and it turned out to be great meal...would highly recommend for the food --its not a generic hotel restaurant. They have a nice outside bar with a fire which would be great weather permitting.The staff has for the most part been very accomodating. The only quibble I would have is the at the latest checkin the front desk made ia big deal about my arriving early and saying the room may not be available. etc. etc. For the life of me cant figure out why they say that without first checking on the room...which was indeed available.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>issy221
<Content>Very nice..impressed! I stayed at the Westin San Francisco Market Street for a couple of nights for a business trip. The rate was a little high, but they normally are in San Fran and the hotel was very nice and clean. The room was spacious and very comfortable. The staff was very friendly and I appreciated the doorman offering their limo service to the taxi I was about to take back to the airport. It was a much more comfortable ride for about the same price.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Sweeper
<Content>Good Hotel - Great Location My gf and I stayed here from 8/10 to 12/10 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.As as been said before this is primarily a business hotel and so the room was therefore rather more functional than anything else. They were however a reasonable size and very clean. The internet access in our room wasn't working but we didn't realise this until our last day and so declined the hotel offer to move rooms.The best thing about this hotel, certainly for us, was the location. It is situated a few blocks from Union Square with all the associated shopping and restaurants. The cable car line begins a 5 min walk away although its probably better to walk on to a later stop where you won't have to queue. If you want to get to Fishermans Wharf quicker than by cable car it was only just over $10 by cab.I would recommend this hotel if you are only staying for a short while but for any longer I would choose one that is more tourist oriented.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>sarahandpaul99
<Content>Great Base for SF, but average room for the money Good clean hotel. Great lobby, but not matched by the functional room, which bizzarely had a fridge placed in the middle of the floor!Great beds but the hotel was expensive for the quality of the room. Hotel internet was next to useless!On the plus side it was a good base for seeing San Fran. Close to the main shopping area and public transport (including the trolley bus).  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	3	2	

<Author>bobshady86
<Content>Perfect Hotel I booked a stay at the West Market Street in SF on Oct. 13-14. It is a GREAT location. Very close to shopping, Union Square and Westfield Shopping Center and only a $10 cab ride to Fishermans Wharf, Pier 39, Ghiradelli Square ect. The BART system is extremely close. Paying a little more for this hotel is worth it because of the location and proximity to all of the tourist attractions. The hotel itself is sepctacular. There were a lot of people checking in so it took about 5-7 minute to check in but I find that normal for a busy hotel like this. It is better than having no guests and being empty in my opinion. It definately gives it a much more lively and upbeat feeling. The room was smaller than most of the hotels I've stayed at but very elegant. Simple decor yet stylish. The thing I look forward to the most is the Heavenly Bed and it was no exception. I always fall into a deep sleep. Overall I had no complaints. Express checkout was great cause of course, it was busy at the front desk. Consierage was very helpful and when I checked out I left my bags at the hotel for free in a room which was great. Stay at this hotel and you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shasni
<Content>Couldn't cool the room In general, I enjoyed my stay at the Westin a lot. The room was extremely clean, and the very white duvet felt especially so. The beds were very comfortable. I always want fitted sheets because I roll around a lot, and although these were not fitted, they were tucked in well enough to stay in place through the night. My beef was that there is a typical thermostat in the room but it seemed that it is set with a very narrow range that the guest can change. I am ALWAYS cold, yet I could not turn down the thermostat enough to feel comfortably cool. I can't imagine how a hot blooded person would feel. Finally I turned it down 60 and still felt hot. This was in a 7th floor room. I don't know whether they're all like that. Other things that some prospective guests might be interested in: The sink is inside the bathroom, so one person cannot be showering while another is outside the bathroom using the sink. The windows go all the way to the floor, which is very nice, but some parents with young kids might be wary. The plusses were a helpful staff, good location and as I said earlier, very, very clean. Fancy, wide screen tv. Internet option was $9 a day, $15 for wireless.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>InstantNoodles
<Content>A Basic Hotel We stayed at this hotel property this past weekend for one night in a Standard room category. We are Gold Starwood Preferred Guests and this hotel was not able to extend a late check-out nor was it able to upgrade our room category upon arrival. Although I understand that this hotel caters generally to business travelers, for leisure travelers, I would not pay more than $200 for a Standard Room, even during peak-times in San Francisco. We booked this room initially for over $300 per night but two days before arrival the rate lowered to $199, as went as low as $159 several hours before check-in. For business travelers that will have their expenses reimbursed, then I guess it would not matter what rate you are paying. When calling the hotel directly, it takes the hotel operator sometimes in excess of 10 rings to answer a call. I am not sure if this hotel offers its guests' Concierge services but I would be sure to inquire about it before making plans to stay here if you are going to require the assistance of a Concierge. We made no use of the fitness/spa or restaurant faculties so I will not comment on those aspects of the hotel. For your information, valet parking at this hotel is $42 per night plus taxes. Hotel accommodation taxes is 14%. You can park your car across the street in a public parking garage or turn into the Four Seasons alley way and find the Jesse public parking garage where you will pay $20 max/ per day. Be advised that the Jesse parking garage closes at 10 or 11 and DOES NOT open until the next morning. Your car WILL BE stuck until the next morning so if you will be needing your car throughout the night, do not park here. Check-in at this hotel is consistent with any other convention hotel. It was busy and the check-in staff did not honor their priority check-in line for Gold/Platinum Starwood Guest members. The Standard Room we were given was on the lower floors of this 36 floor hotel and our view was of another rooftop's A/C unit. We were looking down the alley way of the Four Seasons where their guests bring their cars to valet park. It was really a small room. Generally I prefer to stay at hotels where rooms start out at 400-500 sq ft in the Standard Room category but this hotel's standard guest room was half that size. There was a king bed, a desk/chair, a dresser with a flat screen television, and a bath with shower/tub combination. It was not very well ventilated, even with the air conditioning set at 65 degrees throughout the entire during of the stay. The toiletries are of the Westin brand variety (not really good) and all the sheets and towels are available for sale and made exclusively for the Westin hotel chain. If you are a tall individual you may feel that your head may hit the ceilings as they are set really low. We left the DND sign on our door and housekeeping honored the sign so I can't comment on that aspect of the hotel's service. You have an option of whether you want your sheets changed daily or left alone for the entire duration of your stay. We did order room service: three drinks, an entree and one order of an appetizer came up to around $80 dollars. A significant portion of our bill went to taxes, fees, and gratuities. The food was average but it did come up in half an hour. The bell-desk is ALWAYS busy. The valet brought up our car in less than five minutes. We were left waiting for a housekeeping attendant to bring down something we left in our room, granted it was our fault, but it took 10-15 minutes from when we made the call for someone to be sent down. I thought it was an excessive amount of time but maybe it should be expected. Check-out, like check-in took a fair amount of time of waiting as well even though there were 3 front desk agents and 3 guests in front of us. We waited probably 10-15 minutes to check-out. Again, they did not honor their priority check-in/out line for Gold/Platinum guests. The bill they sent up to our room before check-out was correct so there was no need to dispute anything about the bill. The location is excellent and I it would be a fair assessment to say that this hotel is able to get the job done when all you need is a clean and comfortable place to stay while in San Francisco; however, if you want a more personable hotel, this is not the place to stay. And like I mentioned above, for leisure travelers do NOT pay more than $200 for a Standard Room, I assure you unless you are upgraded to a better room, you will regret it as the price is not consistent with the value that you may expect. I know I would have been mad had I paid $300 for this room.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>flyer07
<Content>Nice base for SF activities Stayed at the Westin market street for two days in SF before a friend's wedding. The location is great -- right on the trolley line, one block to BART, walking distance to all the shopping of Union Square -- and the recent hotel refresh did a great job of taking an older, dowdier SF property and bringing it to Starwood standards. The rooms are modern, the beds are comfortable, the bathrooms are spacious, the air conditioning works and the TV is sufficiently large and luxurious. For a large, business-centered hotel, the staff does a good job of dealing with the crowds in the lobby; our rate ($224/night) included the breakfast buffet, a nice touch for a reasonably large buffet. Of course, this is San Francisco and there are great food options very close so keep that in mind in picking your rate. The gym was nice and expansive for a hotel gym. Negatives: The one thing that seems not to have gotten an upgrade is the elevator bank which seemed overmatched to the number of people trying to get in and out of the hotel at crunch times. Getting into the hotel seems to consistently involve dodging lots of cars coming out of the parking garage/valet stand.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sresje
<Content>Loved the Westin San Francisco Market Street We stayed from the 5th through the 9th of October. What I can say is EXCELLENT! Service was superb! Room was fantastic. We stayed on the 36th floor. Very clean. Staff was excellent. Definitely a hotel you'd want to stay at. Only downpoint is the area. Being a female walking alone, I did not feel comfortable in this section of the city. Other than that, the hotel is highly recommended by my husband and other co-workers who were in for a convention.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SantaAna
<Content>Westin Pluses and Minuses I chose the Westin specifically for their heavenly beds. I decided to go for the suite and wish I hadn't spent the extra money. Modern decor is not my style. The rooms are oddly shaped, and the decor is, well, bland. Two chairs, a short, shallow sofa, huge wooden coffee table, work desk and chair, and a dresser with TV make up in the living room. The bedroom had a king size bed, a chair, another dresser with a TV on it. Both the living area and bedroom had flat screen TVs. The closet in the bedroom is miniscule and the closet in the living area was locked. No clock in the living area, only on the clock radio in the bedroom. My 16th floor suite had nice floor to ceiling windows on two sides, but looked over numerous ugly rooftops. The bed wasn't as soft as I remember, and that was my reason for choosing the hotel. There is a beautiful work desk in the living area though, lots of plugs if you are a business person with many electronics! I brought my laptop and the WiFi worked great (extra charge, of course!) There is a mini bar with sodas and drinks in the corner of the living area. Coffee maker with coffee and a CD player.My room wasn't ready when I first arrived, so I left my bags and went out for awhile (the lobby is, indeed, very dark). When I returned, I found out the restaurant didn't open until 5:30 for dinner. I had been walking for a couple of hours and was very hungry by about 4:30. The nice doorman pointed me towards Thirsty Bear, a Spanish restaurant just a block or so away. Delicious food there. I loved the showers at the Westin. They have two shower heads. Since I travel solo...always plenty of towels! The bathroom was fine with soap, shampoo, conditioner, makeup mirror, hairdryer. Nice marble counter and floor, which makes for a cold floor...but...did you know standing on a cold floor in bare feet, if you have a leg cramp makes it feel better? That is a helpful tip when you are walking up and down hills in San Francisco!Another reviewer said that you had to weave your way through numerous cars that are parked in front of the Westin's entrance. Correct. Later in the evening, when I came back from the theater about 10pm, I could barely get from the sidewalk to the door, there were so many cars.However, I did find the front desk, room service, and everyone who assisted me in person or on the phone to be very polite and helpful. A late checkout was graciously handled for me. They have WiFi (charge) and in room movies (you'll pay more for one than if you went to the theater yourself). I had room service twice, both for a late snack and breakfast. The food was fine and the service was friendly.The hotel is nice enough, I found it quiet except for sirens from the street at all hours. Close to everything and the room was exceptionally clean. All things being equal, I think if I came back, I'd try another hotel. Nothing against the Westin, really. I just don't like modern decor and the bed was a disappointment.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gking
<Content>westin only ok Was really looking forward to our stay in the Westin Market Street, following its revamp as a westin hotel. Unfortunately we were rather dissapointed.The lobby area is both dark and unwelcoming, which, when combined with the impersonal manner of the staff gave a poor first impression. You also need to manoever your way through numerous cars in the process of entering or leaving the hotel, you certainly need your wits about you.There are 6 lifts, dont know if they were all working, however we had to wait for a lift for quite a while on some occasions.The rooms themselves are both clean and functional. The bed is comfortable, and the rooms are quiet. The shower provided a moderate water pressure, but the washbasin failed to hold water for more than 30 seconds. I thought the hotel had just undergone a full refit!We had breakfast on the first morning, not a good experience. The food was both overcooked and cold, although there was a good selection of fresh fruit to choose from. As a result of this, we had no further food or drink from the hotel.We enjoyed our time in San Francisco, but would not stay at this hotel if we returned.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>GreyGooseFremont
<Content>Wonderful At The Westin The hotel is a business type hotel but we were there for a weekend away and found it wonderful. It was a good rate advertised by a grand opening or something. Our room was clean, very comfortable (the beds were fabulous!!!) and the room was quiet at night.On a negative note, we tried two different times and attempted to be waited on in their bar. We were ignored both visits by several cocktail waiters and after 10 minutes had to go up to the bartender to get a drink which took another 10 minutes. One drink and we left. The second time we were again ignored so we never made an attempt to enter the bar or eat at the restaurant in the hotel, assuming it was the same type of staff. The only other negative thing which we were really disappointed is, on their hotel tv, they advertised rather than to go out for the night, to stay in order a first run movie, relax and enjoy yourself. Well, on our second night after dinner, we decided to do that. We got all ready with our snacks and cocktails we purchased from the local store and nothing. For two hours that we attempted to try and order a movie and enjoy our room, the system was down and we were unable to order a movie. A very big disappointment!!!Overall we were quite pleased and as long as their rates are about the same in the future we will definitely go back to this hotel, but bring our own cocktails next time!!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Asksteve
<Content>Mixed Experience Rented two rooms here for an overnight stay with my elderly mother. Her room was quite spacious, whereas mine was on the small side and oddly shaped. Both rooms were nicely furnished, with large HDTVs and smallish bathrooms. The price was right for a weekday in San Francisco at $179 per room. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was fine, though the room could have been warmer (both temperature-wise and design-wise). The main problem here was unpleasant encounters with rude staff personnel. The attendant who parked our car (valet parking only) was quite unfriendly, and, when I remarked on the steep $48 nightly charge, rolled his eyes and told me it was a bargain compared to the rate at another hotel down the street. He then gave my car a rough handling. Three front desk staffers were also unpleasantly indifferent, while another was very gracious.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>MJN_slc
<Content>Good Stay My wife and I recently stayed at the Westin for a weekend vacation. Everything in the room / hotel had been recently remodeled, including a flat screen HDTV in our room. The location is ideal - next to Martket St, and close to all public transportation (we didn't rent a car - took the BART into town for $5 each from SFO - the BART stop is a short walk from the hotel). We had no problems with the service or the staff - they were helpful. We booked through Expedia and received a discounted rate for booking the flight and hotel at the same time about $165 per night. We stayed on the 5th floor. The only downside is you do get some street noise - but it wasn't bad enough to interrupt sleep. We'd stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>apudme
<Content>The Argent Reborn a Westin I stayed here for three nights on a Starwood 3 nights for the price of 2 offer, which worked out at about $154 per night.Be warned the exorbitant 14% room tax is not in the rate at booking; this is added on check out, which could be more transparent.As SPG Gold I was given a corner room, with a great view over San Francisco to the water beyond.Had a superb, and massive, flat screen plasma in the room, though the mini bar nibbles had not been stocked as yet (seemed the sensor tray was installed, ready to go but empty).Check In was noticeably fast, and my 4pm check out was honoured without a problem; the maid even refreshed my room on my last morning which helped make packing a tidier affair for me.Bathrooms were small, but that seems to be the norm in all SF hotels.The location cannot be beaten; four minutes walk from the South Side of Union Square and just round the corner from the Four Seasons and opposite the Fantastic San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, with the new and unmissable Olafur Eliasson light show.Wired web connection was easy to access, swift and affordable ($15.99) though if you just need to check emails, pop over Market Street to the Apple store where you can get online for a few minutes free.Two tips; if you are renting a car, get a Hybrid (Prius) as they charge half price ($22/night) for these environmentally friendly cars vs. $42 for a regular vehicle.Second: if you go to Macy's take your room key and out of state ID to Customer Services for an 11% discount.VERDICT: Dependable Westin heavenly beds, now in a modern, clean property which is a great improvement over the very variable experiences I have had at the Westin St. Francis in nearby Union Square.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Doraemon79
<Content>Nice New Hotel~!       Heavenly Bed  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>cohlookout
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Location This is a great hotel right in the middle of everything downtown. I would highly recommend the Westin, especially if you can get a good deal on a site like Hotwire. -Short walk to the BART station on Market St. A little longer walk to ATT Park and many other attractions.-Rooms are very nice and clean (although a little small). -There is a state-of-the-art gym on the 4th floor with brand new equipment.-I was only on the 5th floor, but rooms above the 10th floor or so look like they would have a nice view of downtown.-Nice flat panel TVs and Aeron desk chairs in the room.-Only complaints: there's an extra charge for internet access and the business center is very expensive. On the other hand, you can probably find a place nearby with free WiFi pretty easily and there's a Kinkos right down the street. I just think a higher-end hotel should provide a services like this for free.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>allsportsfanG
<Content>Was expecting more       Golden Gate bridge  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>LeannaKentucky
<Content>Loved the Westin. The Westin on Market Street in San Francisco was a great place to stay. It was very clean and classy and the check in was very smooth and quick. My boyfriend and I stayed there on his birthday and walked up to the Cigar Bar and had diner and drinks that night. This hotel is centrally located and within walking distance of the cable car.. The Westin rooms were great we had a very large flat screen tv in our room and a very comfortable bed. The view wasn' t much but we didn't request a great view upon booking the room. I would recomend this hotel to all travelers especially business travelers.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GGK
<Content>Very nice! Aahh...could it be that the Westin brand is worthy of redemption? After staying in some realy Westin dumps lately this hotel was like a ray of sunlight. Very nice room, nice lobby, good restaurant, pretty good room service. My only gripe is that the room needed some tending upon check-in as hairs were left behind from the last guest but housekeeping came and took care of it asap. If housekeeping steps up a bit I think this hotel will be a real winner.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	2	4	4	4	

<Author>Marnz
<Content>Hotel primarily suited to business travelers The hotel location is nice, simple walking distance to great shopping, chinatown and good restaurants. About $12 cab ride to Pier 39. We did also appreciate the well appointed room, the heavenly bed and large flatscreen tv. The bathrm, tub etc were all similar to any average room.That said it must be noted that the hotel is designed for business travelers (who's companies are paying for their stay) and as such there are minimal complimentary or value add services for the tourist. To park your rental car at the Westin will cost you $50 per night, to make a local phone call is $1 per call, to use the internet or get a coffee in the morning is also a charge per day and so on.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>NickovS
<Content>A great refurbishment The recent refurbishment of the old Argent is a great improvement. The lobby and rooms now have a very Westin feel; simple and stylish but highly functional. The heavenly beds and large flat-screen TVs make staying in for the evening after a long day a pleasure. The location is great for both conventioneers and shoppers. I didn't try their restaurant Ducca for lunch or dinner but the breakfast was very decent and, at $20, I'm sad to say it's actually a fairly good price compared to the other hotels nearby.The opening of the Westin here makes four Starwood hotels in the space of a block and a half. It's less in-your-face Hip than the W, less frilly than the Palace and less expensive than the St Regis. The only thing I can find to say against the place is that it is _exactly_ like every other Westin, but sometimes that's a good thing. Oh, and the valet parking is painfully expensive ($40), but that's more a problem with San Francisco than the hotel :-(  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>eztravelertoo
<Content>Staff here is exceptional! On a recent and very stressful business trip to San Francisco, I stayed for the first time at Westin's Market Street location. Every time I had to call on the staff for help -- TV remote quit working, in-room internet service was terrible, I left my completed bill behind in the room -- I got unbelievably great service. A new remote was delivered in three minutes; all service charges for Web access were removed from my bill; the bell captain went up to my room and fetched my forgotten paperwork!But probably the very nicest gesture was made by the hotel restaurant (Ducca's) manager: I had a midday flight and knew I'd miss both breakfast and lunch because of last minute meetings. While I waited in the lobby for my shuttle at about 10:30 a.m., I popped into the restaurant, which wasn't yet open for lunch. I explained my predicament to the manager, whose staff was mostly on break in anticipation of the lunch rush. He sat me at the bar, went to the kitchen himself, rustled up a snack and a cup of coffee for me and brought it to me within minutes. I bolted down the much-needed food, thanked him and asked for a check. There was none. I couldn't give you want you wanted, so there's no charge.Is this any way to run a hotel? You bet it is. I'll be staying there again and again and again. Great job Westin! And many thanks.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oregonzied
<Content>Great location! We stayed two nights -- booked via Priceline for $130 per night. We were on the 7th floor with a great view of the parking lot across the street. A bit of street noise from Third Street but the bed more than made up for it. Awesome location close to Union Square, Chinatown, North Beach BART and the F Street car line.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>onvacation619
<Content>Good deal, can't complain My BF and I planned a weekend getaway in SF and got a good deal online. The Argent is in a great location, in Union Square, and within walking distance to the historic trolleys, and all public transportation. This was good because we flew in and didn't want to rent a car nor drag our luggage through the city. The desk staff were neither rude nor extra friendly. The first room they gave us had stains on the bed spread, however, when we asked for a different room, they promptly apologized and gave us another up higher with a nicer view. The hotel was undergoing construction at the time, so the lobby was very noisy, half covered in plastic and smelled of paint. It's more of a business hotel, but for the price and location, it was a good find.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>micdenton
<Content>Beautiful hotel, great location Booked thru Hotwire, got a great rate for SFO. Hotel lobby  decor is beautiful, great lighting. Check-in quick and easy. Room looked down at 3rd St, no view of the bay or bridges, but I'll sacrafice that for a great rate. Restaurant was pricey as hotels are. They ran out of empty refrig's to replace our pay-mini-bar, but allowed us to remove and replace items without a charge to store our leftovers  drinks. Beds were comfy with lots of fluffy pillows. Valet staff was more friendly and helpful than concierge. Parking, valet only, was $42/day + $5.50 tax. May look into public parking across street next time. Very close to subway stations, large mall,  trolley stops.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dorbie
<Content>Lovely beds We, a family of two adults and two teenagers, stayed here for 6 days in August. It is in a great location for both sightseeing and shopping. Our room was spacious, the bathroom very clean, and the beds wonderful. If you want a great view of the city we recommend you request a room near the top of the hotel. (Floor 35?) The hotel staff were very efficient and helpful, and the atmosphere was good. Breakfast was very expensive, so we would reommend Sears Fine Foods, or Dottie's True Blue Cafe. One thing you should know. SF seems to get up early so if you want to avoid long lines for good restaurant and well know tourist attractions then so should you. Try and book to go to Alcatraz before you leave home, it is very popular and on some days if you hadn't booked you couldn't get on the ferry. To avoid the 2 hour waits for the cable cars, try going at 7.30am and reward yourself with one of Sears huge breakfasts. There is plenty to do in SF, but by far our teenagers favourite was going to see the SF Giants at the AT  T park. What can I say Barry Bonds was fantastic and the atmosphere electric!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>tln99
<Content>Westin on 3rd St. was adequate We stayed at Westin on 3rd St. and Market for one night on Aug. 11. The room was rather small, but adequate and clean. The lighting in the room was not bright enough if you intend to read a book, as I did. The layout of the room was different than what I am used to, with the TV at 45 degree angle from the bed. After sitting on the bed to watch TV for 15 minutes, my neck was very sore. I used Priceline and paid $175 plus tax for one night. So maybe I got what I paid for, a standard room with no view and nothing extra. There is a parking garage directly across street from the hotel so it's convenient for those who want to save a few bucks on parking. We used the hotel valet parking ($42 + tax + tips) and was happy with it. We did have a good time shopping and dining nearby as the hotel is in easy walking distance to Union Square. All and all it was a nice stay but nothing spectacular.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>mabellaMiami_Fl_
<Content>Loved the hotel We recently booked 3 rooms at this hotel for a short stay in San Francisco. While this is primarily a business hotel, they were able to accommodate our children by providing bed rails. Even though they offer stepping stools, they didn't have any when I asked. My children loved the floor to ceiling windows. (Mom  dad did also). The beds were incredibly comfortable, and included tons of pillows. While their mini bar is electronic, and while charge you within seconds of something being removed, they will supply you with a mini fridge free of charge. They brought this up almost immediately. They don't have a very large lobby to hang out in, part of it is used for a sitting/bar area, that I didn't feel comfortable having the children at, They do have an outdoor eating/sitting area that is nice for waiting/eating, etc. The best thing about the hotel is their location. They are on Market street, we walked to the Ferry Bldg, Westfield center, Union Sq. Chinatown, The cable car turnaround at Powel  market. Yerba Buena is literally behind the hotel and was a favorite of my children. We loved San Francisco  would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trock24
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location The hotel is your typical Westin. Great location, very clean, and nice bed. If we plan to come back, we would definately bring warmer clothes (or travel in a warmer month), and book our hotel at the Westin.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>vanessa83
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Lovely Location My partner and I stayed here for a few days and were very pleased with our stay. We are Starwood Preferred Guests and the Westin Market Street is definitely up to par with other fantastic Westins. Check-in was a breeze and we got a lovely room overlooking the city and bay. The bar is very happening and we enjoyed a few drinks very comfortably. The gym is fully equipped and you never had to wait for a machine on the busiest of mornings. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Aside from the decor, the location is the best part of the hotel. It is extremely centrally located, you can walk anywhere in the city within a very short distance or cheap cab ride. Avoid bringing a car because you will pay throw the nose in valet fees in downtown San Fran. The staff were very helpful in getting me an appointment when I need medical advise and that was great appreciated. The only minor complaint we had was the advice we received from one of the concierge staff. We requested a more upscale dining option and upon arrival to the restaurant realized it was not. Perhaps we did not provide enough detail, but that's why I'm stating it as a small complaint and everything else was wonderful. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mystical1
<Content>Now thats what I call customer service!!! I am a member of starwood club and have earned alot of points from stays at the sheraton anaheim...I was bringing a friend and her kids, who were from las vegas and had never been to SF before...she wanted to stay overnight and I never really do because Im about 2 1/2 hours south of there...I looked around and was having problems finding rooms that werent almost $300 and I had knocked my list down to about 3 ...One of them was Westin Market st...I didnt think I had a prayer of getting into this property but found out they were part of starwood as well and I could stay there using my points...I asked for a room with 2 queen beds and reconfirmed this the day before I came but when I checked in they had me down as a one king bed...no problem just change it...well they were saying Im sorry from here till doomsday and I just kept telling them it was ok...your not going to get fired ....well for my inconvenience which wasnt one at all but ok....they bumped me up to a DELUXE room on the 11th floor...I had a HUGE ceiling to floor window overlooking right down on the city...gourmet chocolates and coffee....also they forgot to deliver a crib and didnt have another on site and they searched other of their properties till they got one and they delivered it to the room with chocolates:)...and we also needed extra towels and the guest services called us constantly to make sure we got what we needed....that was amazing service!!!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>scmk3000
<Content>Nice hotel First, just to let you know some taxi driver still think of this as Argent. A couple of times we asked for Westin Market Street but they still drove us to St Francis The location is very very good. A short walk from Union Sq and BART, MUNI, bus stops are only minutes away. Right in the middle of shops as well as the Westfield shopping arcade just ten minute away. Office Depot is right opposite and there is a Starbuck just round the corner.Reception has a nice ambience and scent and hotel generally nicely decorated. Quite clean except I noticed a bit of wrapping left lying on a slightly dusty table in the elevator lobby throughout my 4-night stay.Check-in staff was efficient but did sense a cold tone when she mentioned Priceline. Hotel has a well equiped fitness room but small and a bit cramped. Strange thing is that there didn't seem to be a restaurant within the hotel, I could be wrong though.Conciege was very helpful when we tried to arrange transport to the airport. Valet parking was $40 plus + tax (ouch) but only used them for one night as rental car was to be returned the next day. I couldn't be bothered looking for a cheaper parking for that reason but did notice cheaper garages close by.Unless absolutely necessary, I would avoid driving in SF - a lot of roads are one-way.. Beside, public transport is the way to go to get around - cheap and easy to use and many options - just get a muni/bart pass.Front of hotel could get a bit chaotic as 1) small and 2) cars waiting to be parked are left everywhere, even onto the pavement.As the hotel was completely full, we couldn't get a king bed so settled with two queens. I stayed on 26/F so noise wasn't a problem but being on a very busy road, I can imagine lower floors can experience some noise from the traffic. My room was 2616 and I noticed all the other rooms are 'Starwood Preferred Guest' rooms (say so on the doors). Maybe that's why the room was relatively more spacious. Again simply and nicely decorated and clean. Room overlooking main roads. Being on a high floor, I was glad to see the tops of most surrounding buildings..Bathroom was reasonably sized with towels and toiletteries refilled/replaced daily. Shower wasn't that powerful though. Small wardrobe with a safe and just big enough for our two cases.Refrigerator has sensors so you remove it, you pay for it.Wouldn't say a luxury hotel but overall a very nice one. Would stay again given the chance.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>mickeysis
<Content>Loved Our Stay at the Westin on Market Street My daughter and I stayed at the San Francisco Westin on Market Street for two nights on July 24, 25, 2007. We totally enjoyed our stay. The room was immaculate and the 2 queen beds were sooo comfortable. We happen to get a pretty good rate because by the time we got there the rates jumped sky high. The view of the city was outstanding. Having never been to San Francisco before, we found ourselves in an excellent location within walking distance. The restaurant inside the hotel was excellent though very pricey as most things are in SF. We ordered room service and it was out of this world expensive (for a small pizza and two waters and one dessert it came to a whopping $59.00!). We walked and walked around the city. The conciere (sp?) was very helpful in where to go to eat and ordered us a car when we left on the 26th. We were going to try the mall's food court which was very nice but the power kept going out so we ended up at a small restaurant named John's - stay away from that one - overpriced and gross food. Then we went to an excellent place a day later named Two which was outstanding food. Do not visit SF if you are on a tight budget.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mandjbay
<Content>Better view than the St. Regis We stayed here the night prior and the night of our wedding. The hotel was just rennovated recently from the Argent Hotel. I think we had an executive suite and the view was amazing. Everything seemed brand new and we had 2 plasma t.v.'s. We also held our reception for our wedding here and everything ran so smoothly. I can't think of any negatives off the top of my head, but maybe because of the sentimental attachment I now have of this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tmcclure4816
<Content>Hotel and Staff need work We just came home from a weekend in San Francisco and stayed at the newly refurbished Westin at Market Street in San Francisco.The staff seemed overwhelmed during check-in - which was about 6:30 PM on a Friday night.We had 4 bags (2 large and 2 carry-ons) and were at no time offered assistance or bellmen. When we asked about it - we were told that the wait was 35 to 40 minutes so we took our own bags up to the room.The room itself was fine. We were on the 26th floor and had a nice view of the city. The Westin is one hotel that charges a premium for internet service and it is not wireless- making it less than desirable for someone trying to transact business while staying there. In fact, we had to connect two separate times at a double price of $14.95/day. They still have not credited the first bill although they told us that they would take care of it.The hotel --although refurbished is showing signs of wear and tear. The carpet was frayed and bald in areas- and the furniture marred and chipped.There were several large groups staying at the hotel. On Saturday night- one of the took over the entire lobby area, monopolized the elevators and the lobby absolutely reeked of marijuana. No one at the hotel seemed to care or take any steps to do anything about it. There was a large pool of vomit in one of the elevators that was left there for at least an hour because my husband encountered it a second time when he went down to the lobby to print boarding passes.Speaking of boarding passes- one of the consierges tried to charge my husband $20 to print two boarding passes (something that EVERY hotel does as a courtesy) and sent him to an Instant Print place around the corner because they charged less. Another consierge heard him and agreed to do it for no charge. My husband was wondering just how many people agreed to pay the exorbitant charge just to do this simple task.Checking out- once again - no bell men. They also did not take my Priority Club card stating that they had no record of it when I had the card in hand.All-in-all, although the hotel was a bargain and the room adequate, the treatment from the staff was nothing short of rude and the other guests in the hotel (drunk, obnoxious, and out of control) made the visit less than enjoyable.At a minimum, when I go to a hotel that is rated a 4 star, I would expect good service at check in and check out and a safe., clean environment in common areas. The fact that we had to breath in marijuana smoke just to get through the lobby only to be assaulted by the stench of vomit after nearly a 10 minute wait at the elevator is reason enough not to return.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	4	2	2	1	2	

<Author>avillebud
<Content>Nice new hotel       bed  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>CA627
<Content>Enjoyed the Westin Market Street My husband and I stayed at the Westin for a week-end getaway in SF and we both enjoyed our stay. The only bad was that the valet parking fee was outrageous ($50 a day), but that's to be expected in the city. The room wasn't spacious, but it was wonderfully clean and we had a nice view of the Moscone Center from our giant window. Our bed was wonderfully comfortable! The resturaunt (Ducca's- Northern Italian fare), was nice as well. We both would love to stay there again in the future!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>AnotherHoustonian
<Content>Great, just short of superior This hotel is almost top notch and just barely falls short. The valet is a little too busy, same with the concierge, same with check in. The rooms are fabulous. Very spacious, well appointed, modern and posh. Overall, this is a great hotel in a super location. However, its a large, busy business hotel. If you are looking for an intimate, elegant experience, this isn't it. If you are looking for a great value in the city that is still very high quality, look no further.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>hatteapear
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, but bad Service My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin for his birthday this July. The room and the view was beautiful, however we were disappointed in the service. We had booked the indulgence package along with our room, which was supposed to include strawberries, champagne, breakfast, and a late checkout. When we called down for the champagne we were informed that it was not on record. The first two receptionists we talked to were very rude and argued with us. Eventually the third person we talked to was able to find the record of it and it was all straightened out, however it was a lot of hassle that somewhat ruined our experience.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	1	1	3	

<Author>dansaiahari
<Content>Great Place... Loved it, the staff was wonderful, the view was fabulous (except unfortunately I was given a supposed upgrade, like the previous review, watch out for the rooms right next to the elevators, very loud and annoying) other than that, absolutely wonderful!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sacajk
<Content>best price... great choice! I just returned from a visit to this hotel, needless to say it was perfect... for those of you looking for a nice, comfortable lodging option in the city -- you should give the Westin Market Street a try. I went to the city to shop with my mom for a few days. I used this website quite a bit to choose a place that would not break the bank. Some of the reviews said it was not conveneit for shopping in Union Square, so I was a bit nervous. But upon arrival I realized it is less than 2 blocks from the BIG Nordstrom/Bloomingdales mall. And, just adjacent to all the flagship stores and not far from Neiman Marcus/Saks Fifth Avenue and everything). So, if you are going to the city to shop it is great!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>awelch2000
<Content>Nice job renovating the old Argent       View from the room  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Ireland3
<Content>Great location   showReview(8081658, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>PSTravelingMan
<Content>Nice, newly Remodeled but not Great   showReview(8071794, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Interalios
<Content>great location and generally a good quality and comfortable hotel   showReview(8033059, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>huibrela
<Content>Renovations at the Westin   showReview(8014899, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>hawken
<Content>Nice hotel   showReview(8002198, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>zoomer-7
<Content>Brand New - nice!   showReview(7842678, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>bw331
<Content>Great hotel...everything is brand new   showReview(7729572, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Londoner29
<Content>Loved the Westin   showReview(7724213, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aussie_advice
<Content>Happy Traveller My husband and i stayed at the Argent for a few nights in san fran. what a fantastic surprise - we expecting something relatively nice, but it was great. the room was huge and impecable and the location was handy alsoI have recommended it to other friends and would definately stay there again. Didnt eat at the restaurant or room service - there was just too much to do in san fran!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ERIKVERO
<Content>Great Stay - Horrible Billing I stayed here for business one night in Feb. of 2007. The hotel room rate of $120 was amazingly cheap for the quality and location. It is in the financial district, right next to the Four Seasons (which is charging $350 a night). The room, stay, service, staff was exceptional....BUT the billing experience was a nightmare!!I traveled with a business companion, who upon returning home found out that their credit card was was charged for 2 additional nights (plus mini bar charges). The staff said that she had left her credit card open and left her bag in the room. Though my companion had proof that she had flown home (with her bag) and was not in the city during those nights; it took 2 weeks of disputing with managers to get the charges removed. The customer service during the dispute was exceedingly poor. Then upon returning credit to her card, they didn't need to ask for her credit card number, because they had not destroyed the number from her original reservation. Obviously, fraud controls are not in place.Great room - High fraud risk  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	5	5	5	5	1	1	5	

<Author>mghtmck
<Content>Loved the Argent, it should still be great as a Westin i'm a city boy, and so am not turned off by the realities of a city. so i was expecting a few rough edges. and in fact, some services were a bit limited (cause the property is being renovated) but i was pleased to find a staff committed (and prepared) to deliver top notch service. so.. yes parking in the city is expensive, but if you want to take your car in and out - and you may, then pay the valet fee. and please tip. i stayed on the 31st floor, in what i was told was a renovated room. it certainly looked up to snuff. if you book lower, you may be in an older room. but i think even then, you should enjoy the hotel and your stay. but..... if you expect a resort hotel, don't come, cause SF is a real city, and you'll just be disappointed.by the way, room all (i'm told) have great views. ours did. but i suspect, the views are better up high. but that would be true with every property.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pjs2780
<Content>Lovely hotel, less-than-great front desk We stayed at the Argent for 2 days during a recent visit to SF. We chose it mostly because of the price and location (very close to public transportation). We read some of the reviews on here and were hopeful that we would leave wanting to write a glowing review. I'd have to say we came out neutral, mostly because the front desk left a sour taste in my mouth. We arrived at 3 p.m., the check-in time, and no rooms were available according to the surly woman at the front desk. Because of the special rate that we had gotten, she alleged that she could not upgrade us. When we stated that we would come back after parking our car (we did this at the Hearst Garage across the street and paid less for 2 days than we would have paid for one in the Argent's own garage), she asked us to return in no sooner than one hour -- we had just flowin in to San Jose from Chicago (4 hours) and then driven to SF (another 90 minutes) -- I was tired and wanted to rest before we started sightseeing, but this was not possible.However, everyone else at the hotel was lovely, from the kind valet who watched our car while we were inside dealing with surly-front-desk-lady, to the gentleman who put our bags in holding while our room was prepared, to the concierge, who was able to let us know the best way to use public transportation to get where we wanted, the cheapest way to do it, what side of the bus to sit on for the best view, and even recommended a few of his favorite restaurants to us. Our room was fine, on the 5th floor (not yet a Westin room) with a cruddy view (we looked at the Metreon) but we didn't spent a lot of time looking out of the full length window anyway (too much to do in SF!), a clean bathroom, and a comfortable bed. Overall, we would probably stay here again, but only if the price were right as it was this time -- there are too many other hotels in SF to commit to this one after our experience there.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	4	1	

<Author>travellover13
<Content>Great Location Stayed here March 16th thru the 19th, 2007 and it was perfectly located for our plans. Didn't eat at the hotel. Pleasant employees -very accomodating. Maids knock rather early - 8:30am. Was charged foritems in the refrig that we didn't use (almost all expired) but they removed them promptly when I called. I upgraded our room and we looked out over the gardens and a construction site. Don't think it was worth the $20.00 extra a night.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>skaterdad
<Content>Great stay, My family and I (Spouse and 2 daughters aged 14 and 12) spent 4 nights in San Francisco at the Argent Hotel from March 17-21st, 2007. We got to the hotel very early (noon) and was just expecting to leave our bags with the bellboy but the hotel was able to give us our room early. They upgraded us to a room on the 22nd floor and the room was spotless. There was a slight paint odour on the 22nd floor and that was because (I found out later ) that we were the first guests to stay in the room after the renovations on that floor. New carpets, heavenly bed, floor to ceiling windows, great view of Market Street and city and even Starbucks coffee in the room. Front desk staff were very efficient and professional. The room rate will certainly go up once the hotel is fully renovated and the Westin name is official- so the opprotunity is now. The only negatives are: you can hear the street cars going down Market Street, and the street people along Market and also on 3rd Street on the way to the hotel,  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skelly3055
<Content>Great location After reading some reviews, we had some concerns about the room and staff. But to our suprise, we had a great stay, with friendly staff helping us check our bags early and returning later to our rooms 9th flr. We didn't get a free upgrade,but the rooms were very decent and beds comfy. The pillows could be better , but we agree the hotel was alot better than some other high end ones that we have stayed at in Union Sq. on past visits. Rooms were large/ Bathrooms didn't have air vent, which caused mirrors to steam up alot. But price was great through priceline for the room/location. Otherwise asking $200 for standard room was high for this hotel. Especially during the renovation. For those who complain alot, please pay more for the upgrade and realise that you get what you bargain for.I would return to this hotel for future visits when the renovation is done because of the location.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Aggie05
<Content>Excellent Place to Stay         
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Philly_Guy
<Content>WOW Great Hotel We stayed at the Argent on 2-21 for 4 nights. What a wonderful hotel. The lobby was beautiful, the rooms were nicely furnished and the bed was heavenly (a W Hotel standard). Floor to ceiling windows allowed for a great view of the city. The Hotel is located just blocks from all transportation (Bart, Muni, buses). Union Square and all of it's shopping in steps away. Arrived late at night had no problems at check-in. Checked out early in the am and the doorman was able to grab a cab for me right away. Every staff member I saw was very friendly. The hotel is officially changing over to a W Hotel in late April but it's already happened in my eyes. Get in now before the rates go through the roof!! Awesome Stay  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>annemarienz
<Content>Fantastic place to stay! After reading a couple of very recent reviews from visitors I was concerned that my vist to the Argent would not be a good one - there were a number of complaints regarding the upgrading to a the Westin chain and the impact it was having. I have to totally disagree. The staff were fantastic, my hotel room was stunning, clean, well appointed and obviously a completed part of the upgrade to the Westin. I was visiting San Francisco on my own and the hotel was the perfect setting for shopping and sight seeing with an excellent location and felt very secure. My only criticism would be the automated mini bar system which made it impossible to keep soft drinks I had purchased myself cool due to the sensors designed to generate charges for mini bar purchases. A minor irritation though in the grand scheme of things. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MsAH
<Content>Horrible Experience updated My boyfriend and I celebrated my birthday in the city. We primarily chose this hotel based on ratings and location. However, we were highly disappointed in the service and the cleanliness of the hotel. We upgraded our room to have a éˆ¥æ¸§iewéˆ¥?and were guaranteed a room between the 15th floor through the top. Of course, we were put on the 15th floor as there were no other rooms available. With that being said, our room was not very clean. The comforter had black stains, the bathroom door looked like the bottom had been chewed on by a dog, the toilet was leaking all night and the shower drain was loose. On top of that, the bed was ridiculously uncomfortable. In the morning, we decided to check out using the automated check out on the television. That would have been smooth, but the service was éˆ¥æ¸¢emporarily unavailableéˆ¥? We had to call the front desk anyway to confirm that we were in fact checked out. We werenéˆ¥æª› leaving the city until later that afternoon, so we thought weéˆ¥æª‡ leave our bags at the bell desk. No one was there at the time, so we waited. Ten minutes later, we asked the registration desk, and he said someone will be back. Ten minutes later, still nothing. We ask the concierge, but the two employees were too busy deciding on which restaurant had the best dim sum. After a full 25 minutes of waiting, someone finally showed up, but not surprisingly, they gave us horrible service. When we returned to the hotel to pick up our bags, there was however, a nice gentleman that helped us. That was by far the only positive experience I had there. Oh, plus the floor length window was pretty nice.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BluemoonSanFrancisco
<Content>Not bad but in transition I will start by saying that I knew going in that this hotel is being transitioned to a Westin. You can tell. The hotel lobby is a mess and there is little dining choices to speak of. Additionally, they oversold the first night and they had to send us to The Palace to get us in that night. Not huge deal since they comped the room AND the parking for one of the cars for TWO days ($85). Frustrating but nice way of making up for the error in my opinion. Staff is moderately friendly. One porter watched me lug my own bags out of the elevator and kind of laughed when he saw I was struggling a bit. He at least got the door for me, but not the kind of service I would expect from this caliber of a hotel.Overall the room was good. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was adequate. It isn't luxurious but the view is fabulous. The TV is microscopic and there are hardly any channels! Be warned, this has one of those honor bars that if you pick up a candy bar it charges your room in 14 seconds even if you put it back. That must be some new thing.Anyway, I would probably stay there again if the rate was right but not top choice if you are looking for luxury.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	2	1	

<Author>ire_ger
<Content>Wait till it becomes a Westin! My room at the Argent Hotel was atrocious. I didn't realize it was being converted to a Westin, so the whole lobby area is blocked off due to construction. The staff and bellhops were very nice, but when I ever got to my room, I was stunned. I stayed in room 1921 and it was a dump. In college, I stayed at youth hostels in Europe for $20 a night that were cleaner. There is NO WAY this hotel should be categorized at 4-star. There were big black marks and scratches all over the walls, doors and moldings. It looks as though a dog had chewed the corners and floorboards. The rug was dirty and dusty and there were black marks all over the linens and duvet. The bathroom wasn't clean either, there was mold and black marks all over the tub, not to mention that there was some sort of sauce on the bathroom countertop.I stayed here just for two nights, on business (thank god), so my biggest concerns were location and the ability to access the internet. I will have to say that the Argent's location is perfect, at the corner of 3rd and Market, so you're just a few blocks away from high-end shopping, such as Bloomingdale's. But the internet access was terrible! First of all, I must comment that the desk was the cheapest piece of furniture I've ever come across. The drawer kept popping open everytime I sat down and the outlet plugs were tucked away underneath (amongst dirt and dust) the desk along the floor, which was difficult to get to. I had to climb under the desk and push the legs over to get to it. The ethernet cord they provided was actually broken, it didn't 'click' into my laptop, so it kept sliding out. I do travel with my own, but since the jack for the internet was near the electric outlets, it wasn't long enough (most 4-star hotels have plug outlets either in the desk or in the wall ontop of the desk and they have wireless internet in the rooms). Normally, I would have complained, but it was the end of a week-long business trip and I was so busy/tired that I just didn't bother.I love the Westin, so I would consider staying here when it's converted over, but in the meantime, travelers beware!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	-1	1	

<Author>JMtl
<Content>Pleasant stay at The Argent I stayed at The Argent in August 2006 for a week of sightseeing; it was my first visit to San Francisco. The location is very convenient for tourists, since the cable car is just around the corner, and you can get to many attractions just by walking. All the best shopping is right up the street around Union Square, and there are great restaurants in walking distance. The run-down Tenderloin neighborhood isn't too far, so you have to be a little careful where you wander.The hotel has a nice lobby, and the room was fine. The floor to ceiling windows are really nice, and the view of the bay was beautiful. When we first got to the room, the air conditioning wasn't working very well; we called front desk, and within 15 minutes the problem was solved. On the negative side, there were a few small stains on some of the furniture and throw pillows. Also, the bathtub was showing a little age. Neither of those things bothered me, and the positives definitely outweighed the negative.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>drickyt
<Content>luxurious hotel Very upper scale hotel with a fantastic price! Very sound proof rooms with great views of downtown San Francisco. Concierge was always very nice and helpful. Room was very spacious and luxurious.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AJMartin
<Content>Hard To Beat We stayed 2 nights here and loved every minute of it.Our room had views of the Golden Gate bridge to our left, Alcatraz in the centre and the Bay bridge to our right.Great place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>hungrycat
<Content>Had to fight for our room, Nice accomodations otherwise This was a corporate stay for a company function in the city. Although we checked in at 7:30pm (checkin is at 3pm), they said they were overbooked and had no rooms available (the company had blocked out rooms weeks earlier), and that we could wait at the bar. When I asked if it was true that not a single room was available, the clerk said, after pausing, 'yes.' Thus began a string of inconsistent answers. As we had to change for a formal event that was starting immediately, I said it was unacceptable and insisted on a room. Then he said there was a room ready for us, but they had to clean it and it would take at least 1/2 hour. Then the clerk told us to change in the gym! We said that wasn't acceptable. Suddenly, a smoking room became available. As this was also unacceptable, we asked that they at least waive the high $42 parking fee if we had to wait, since we technically had paid for the room since 3pm. When we asked for the manager, a non-smoking room miraculously became available. No apology or explanation. Needless to say, we were not happy with the service, even if we eventually got a decent room with some serious prodding. On the plus side, the daytime front desk staff, housekeeping, and valet were very nice. The night desk clerk and manager seemed to needed some training in customer service. The room itself was nice although the bathroom was a bit dated. Overbooking and the lack of apologies would not surprise me at 2 star hotel, but for a 4 star I expected better service and a more forthcoming staff.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>Bruce58
<Content>Luxury Hotel at a Great Value Our family (with two children, ages 12 and 14) stayed at the Argent Hotel for the first time. We reserved a room through Hotwire and received a very reasonable rate. Also, when we checked in, we received a free upgrade in rooms. Our room was on the 19th floor and the view was spectacular. We had a view of downtown and could see Kearny Street all the way to Telegraph Hill. The window is from the floor to the ceiling. I get a little bit of vertigo in high places but this did not bother me. My children loved the view. The room and bathroom was clean and was in good condition. In fact, the hotel looked like it went through a recent renovation. The beds were a little small but very comfortable.Parking at the hotel is overpriced ($40-plus) but there is parking nearby at Fifth and Mission Streets ($23 for 24-hours). There are countless restaurants nearby from fast food (Quiznos, Subway, Del Taco) to high class. There is also a liquor store/market next to the hotel on Third Street.I highly recommend this hotel if you desire to stay near Union Square.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SuzyCA
<Content>Wonderful Stay! Stayed weekend of Dec. 16th in Rm. 2105. Gift from our son who has stayed here many times on business, so valet parking was included. Beautiful hotel, lobby inviting and warm (beautiful wood accents), helpful friendly staff and great location. Right around the corner from Market Street, short walking distance to Union Square (all lit up for Christmas, just beautiful), and the new HUGE Westfield Shopping Mall on Market. Nice view from our room's floor to ceiling window. Looked toward bay, and down on Mascone Center grounds, surrounding streets and to the right we could see the architectually beautiful huge Marriott Hotel. We enjoyed a very quiet and comfortable stay. Room size nice, non smoking, with King bed. Two comfortable upholstered arm chairs with ottoman, beside round table with lamp. Also, a nice size desk with chair in room with phone near window, adequate standard , regular tv and a mini bar that we we did not look in, or use. Coffee maker with pre-pkged Starbucks Coffee in bathroom/sink area. There is also a Starbuck's right across the street that we frequented. We did not eat at the hotel, but Jester's restaurant looked very nice. They do serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. We did notice signs stating this hotel is to become a Westin Hotel after the first of the year.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LAGirl
<Content>Great location, bad parking The hotel itself is very nice and the location (Union Square) is excellent for easy access to shopping and restaurants. The room is average, nothing to brag about. The view from our room was of another hotel a few feet away, blah. However, we found parking to be the biggest problem with the Argent. The hotel only gives you an option to valet park for $42 plus tax per night. Other available parking structures are either far to walk to, are closed on Sundays, don't allow in and outs and are also fairly expensive ($25 and up per night). The hotel staff is unfamiliar with the parking options when asked.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SuzannW
<Content>Just OK First off, let me begin by saying that I'm a hotel snob. I'm overly sensitive to decor and cleanliness. That said, let's begin...1. Bring your printed confirmation with rate noted. I read a review about a rate check-in issue by another traveler on Tripadvisor. I always bring a printout, but I wasn't going to take any chances with The Argent. Upon arrival I was given the room rate of $336 for a one night stay. My confirmation (which I printed from their website) noted $189. They handled the issue in a professional manner. 2. Room: Clean and cozy. The glass on the work station needed to be wiped down. The furniture and bedding were upscale in appearance. The TV was freakishly small. It must have been an 18éˆ¥?TV. I have a 52éˆ¥?at home, so I felt like I was a teenager in my childhood bedroom. I reserved a Deluxe room with king bed. The passageway between the TV center and end of bed was about a foot and a half wide. I did say cozyéˆ¥?:)3. Bed: The mattress was hard. It needed a featherbed as you could feel the springs thru the padding. The sheets were standard, say 210 thread count. The pillows were down éˆ¥?big bonus. If I had to rate on a scale of 1-10, the bed was a 6. A simple featherbed liner and higher thread count sheets would make a huge difference.4. Bathroom: Nothing special. Standard tub. The water took about 10 minutes to go from cold to hot.5. Hallway noise: The ice machine was located across the hall. Every hour or so, the ice machine would dispense a load of ice, which made a crashing sound. I woke up a few times during the night due to the noise. Try avoiding rooms next to the ice machine.6. Location: Great location! Shopping 1 block away. Starbucks directly across the street. Liquor and munchies store nearly connected to the hotel. 24 hour 7-11 around the corner. Seriously, the location was the best.7. Workout room: Nothing special. 3 treadmills, a few ellipticals, a recumbent bike, some weight machines. I would say this hotel is more like a 3.5 star hotel. I wasnéˆ¥æª› impressed, but I wasnéˆ¥æª› disappointed. For under $200 bucks éˆ¥?it was pleasant enough for me. Would I go there again? Nope, but only because I like to try out other hotels. Btw, The Argent will be morphed into a Westin in the very near future.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>AndrewJH16
<Content>Good, comfortable hotel We stayed at this hotel in March 2006. We found this to be a lovely hotel. Being a short distance away from Union Square it was quieter and did not have the level of traffic and pedestrian noise that some hotels must suffer from on Union Square. We had a room high up and in doing so we did not hear the traffic noise. In addition our room had a floor to ceiling window and a view over towards Union Square, which was fantastic especially at night. The room was comfy and spacious. We had a problem with a constant noise from the extractor fan in the bathroom. When we ask reception to stop it they were very prompt in our request as an engineer came to the room to switch it off. The only down side was the check in which took a long time due to the queue and the length of time it was taking reception to book people in.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>sushikick
<Content>Mixed Bag Clean rooms and nice lobby.They forgot to put shampoo and conditioner in the room. They don't offer late night room service. On the way out the hotel receptionist was extremely rude.Overall, didn't like the taste leaving, however good deals for the hotel can be found on lastminutetravel  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>L0renHenmi
<Content>A Wonderful Labor Day Weekend in SF My friend and I stayed at The Argent Hotel over Labor Day Weekend 2006 in San Francisco. Now despite living nearby the city, I have never had the opportunity to stay downtown. Despite the city was packed that weekend, we were able to get a very good room at a good rate. I thought the room was elegant and well furnished. Despite that we didn't have a fantastic view it was a very comfortable room. The lobby staff was mostly helpful, but were less than proficient at check in. We both feel that it was an excellent value for our dollar.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>rmendell7244
<Content>Nothing special..but comfortable The rooms were clean, the gentleman at the check in desk wasnt helpful or friendly at all. The hotel wasnt anything special. It had a great location, only minutes away from all of the shopping. We will stay somewhere else when we return to San Fran.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	1	4	5	

<Author>ederko
<Content>average hotel, good location The Argent is a tired old hotel in a good location. Signs posted there said it will be renovated into a Westin in 2007, which will be a much-needed improvement. Views from the rooms are great.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Lockwood
<Content>Good base for Union Square We stayed at the Argent for the first leg of our honeymoon. We found the hotel to be in a great location for shopping/Union Square and the hotel staff to be very friendly.We had taken a 10 hour flight from Heathrow to San Francisco so were feeling very tired and weary when we arrived. We made the fatal mistake of leaving behind a bag in the taxi that dropped us off at the hotel from the airport. We didn't realise this until we walked into the hotel to check-in. The concierge were fantastic! They played back the CCTV footage, retrieved the cab number and registration plate, and managed to track down the cab driver. Thankfully, we managed to get our bag back, complete with contents, so in our eyes the concierge are our heros!!It took us a while to get checked in - even though there were only 2 people in front of us in the queue. Each time we walked through the reception area/lobby we always found lots of people waiting to check in/out.Once we got checked in we found that they had upgraded us to a deluxe room given it was our honeymoon. The room was spacious, had amazing views with floor to ceiling windows and a well stocked mini-bar. If we were to be picky, the only down side was the bathroom which, in our opinion, is in need of some modernisation. The bath wasn't particulary comfortable which is a necessity when you've been on your feet sightseeing for 8 hours each day! All in all, this was a lovely hotel and in a great location. We fell in love with San Francisco and it's people. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcome. What a great way to start our honeymoon .... our next stop, Kauai'i (Hawaii) to rest our weary feet!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>nvayupak
<Content>It is OK A group of us stayed at this hotel during Labor Day Weekend. Our room was not ready until 5:00pm and once we checked in we found that we had sheet stains on our bed. I reported to house keeping about the stains and they didnt get back to us until 3 hours later. We even had problems with our toilet and asked for a room change. They were unable to accommodate us and the only thing they said was sorry. Also, the front desk services was just ok nothing great about them. They will even charge you $5 if you need to print out your online boarding pass. Even the 3 stars hotel will give it to you for free.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>briantjong
<Content>Terrible hoitel I stay in this hotel for my nephew wedding. The services of the hotel is terrible. The front desk staff took us a long time to check out. The room that we stay is next to the elevator. So there was a lot of nosie. The coffe marker they put in the bathroom. Terrible. The TV is so small. The parking is not valet from the hotel guest . Terrible.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>woohooitsmel
<Content>had a good time... after reading the reviews here, i was scared to see how the hotel would turn out, but i actually thought it was a pretty nice hotel. but since i know most people like to read what the cons were, here you go:-our room wasn't ready at 3pm (check-in time) which was a bit annoying because i was in dire need of a nap (and the main reason i didn't give the full 5 star rating). we did get a free upgrade. it wasn't a room with much of a view or anything, but it was a corner room, which i'm guessing was more spacious than most rooms. it was definitely much more room than we needed...-parking is $42 a night... so we decided to park at the 5th  mission garage (yerba buena garage), which was $23 for 24 hours. i DEFINITELY recommend parking here... just make sure you park at the northeastern-most corner, and the hotel is only about a block away!-other than that, our stay there was pretty great!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>iandel
<Content>liked it the Argent is a good quality hotel in an excellent location just off Market St and close to Union square. The room was big with a couple of armchairs, and all furnishings seemed of a high standard. The bed was v comfortable. In addition, there was a nice gym just down the corridor with a decent selection of machines to use. Any staff we dealt with were friendly and helpful. We booked at short notice and got a good deal from the internet - approx $100 per night. For that price it really is a bargain.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>artfulsouls
<Content>A Terrific Hotel My husband and I are very glad we did not listen to the reviews we read about this hotel on Trip Advisor. The hotel is beautiful and the staff was fabulous. The location is terrific. The rooms are nicely appointed and very clean. Everyone was helpful and very friendly. I can't image why anyone would say anything bad about this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pascalph
<Content>Average I am just back from a couple of days stay at the Argent in SF, and am not very enthusiastic about the property. Sure this is a 4 star hotel, but there is nothing terrific about it. Checking in at 3 pm after 12 hours flight out of Paris, we found out that they were totally mixed up in the reservations. The agent was quite unable to use the check in system, and we had to wait for 45 minutes before this was sorted out. No really appologies, and not even an offer to have a sit and a drink while the issue was being solved. After a long flight, this is all that you don't expect from a 4 star hotel.The room was quite small, although well appointed. Good point : we had a terrific view.No gym, no spa. Just a basic hotel, with unexisting staff.I shall not return any more.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>scubastrong
<Content>not four star booked through hotwire but contacted hotel direct to upgrade to a superiour room with a city view at fee of $40 per night.Arrived at Argent after 15hours of flying only to be told my confirmed room was not available due to the hotel overbooking and my 2 children were going to have to sleep on roll aways!!!After much argueing we eventually got our 2 queen bedded room.I say queen bedded well they may be queen beds in the 7 dwarfs house but not when you have 2 grown ups not overly large grown ups at that!!!We asked for extra pillows but got cushions(sofa cushions)in a pillow case as they had no extra pillows not very 4* im sure you will agree general cleanliness was good but the city view was of a crane on a building site(save your $40 and spend it on the city tour!!)And my last gripe is the $40+upto25% parking tax per night was ridiculous.Now onto the good points great location for att ball park and the rest of the city cable cars 5 min walk Chinatown 5 min walk Liquor store next door and a starbucks accross the street.Well thats it for the good bits.Even at the $476 to hotwire and our $120 upgrade fee this place seriously wasnt worth the money.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Kchic
<Content>Loved It!!       Room 3620  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>HRHW
<Content>Not a 4 Star Hotel The hotel is not a 4 star service hotel. Had to wait for room to be made available upon checkin. Upon getting to the room found it to be 1 king bed, not the requested 2 double beds. Taking a massage in the hotel's gym was a mistake. The massage room is located in a room in the middle of the small gym and every noise in the gym can be heard - so it was not very relaxing. A note sent to the hotel manager after the stay expressing dissatisfaction was never answered. The morning breakfast buffet is not 4 star and overpriced for what you have in the way of chocies. The hotel is ideally located and the valet parking was very quick and efficient.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>duffyskid
<Content>pleasant surprise I booked the Argent on priceline for just $100 a night. After booking, I started reading the recent reviews and was very nervous about staying there, but it was already paid for so we tried it. I sent an email asking for a bay view room but with the price we paid I wasn't really hopeful. I received a speedy reply that they would try to meet my request. We arrived at 10:30 pm. Even though it was late, the front desk clerk was very friendly. Our room was on the 30th floor with the most amazing view of the city and the bay! The floor to ceiling windows are just awesome! Every employee went out of their way to be helpful and friendly. The door man chatted about our day and offered to give any help we needed with directions and suggestions. I never opened a door. The bell staff was attentive and helpful though not pushy. All in all it was a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Biztravler
<Content>Okay for price Booked on their website, they had my name wrong when I arrived (weird), so couldnt find reservation until I gave them confim #. Minibar had 1/2 filled water bottle from previous guest. Booked executive king, got delux with only shower and two doubles - did not adjust the rate. Would not book again, there are better hotels more central.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	3	2	

<Author>SamSpencer
<Content>Great Location at a good price I recently went to SF for a one night vacation. A friend had booked a hotel, telling me only that it was a 4 star. Ive stayed in some pretty shoddy 4 stars, and its location in SoMa was disconcerting.However, upon pulling up to the Argent, I was amazed by the friendliness of the staff, and their eagerness to help with every aspect of my trip.The room was pretty standard, but well stocked, well appointed. However, as with most hotels, I found an accumulation of dust in out-of-the-way areas. The rest of the room was spotless, and the view quite pleasing. The location of the Argent, 1/2 a block off of Market, made getting around the city by cabbie very convenient.I would reccommend the Argent to anyone travelling to SF, as I would definetely stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again It pains me to not recommend this place, because I used to think it was one of the best-run independent hotels in SF. I stayed there for business a few times, recommended it to friends and associates, and even had a surprise birthday party for my wife there (booked rooms for her parents  best friends for the weekend).I've had happy stays at the Argent over the last couple years, but I'm definitely not going back. The place is starting to look  feel run down, and the service, especially from front desk staff, has been borderline rude. The first time this happened I was willing to give them a second chance, only because of past history, but when the same incidents happened again last month I decided to never go back. I don't appreciate it when I make a reservation for a non-smoking room w/ king bed, and all that's available is smoking rooms w/ 2 twins, and then I'm blamed because I booked through Orbitz or Travelocity (I won't be using either of those sites anymore either). Apparently if you book through an aggregator web site the hotel doesn't care if you get what you asked for, and doesn't care that you've spent thousands there previously.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be careful of this hotel! I would avoid this place for now. Very disturbing the hotel does not want to help the police with its investigation.My weekend stay there was ok. The service at the hotel was below average on the verge of terrible. The room was nice. I could never reccomend this place to anyone.http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2006/06/19/HOTEL.TMP  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wincherr
<Content>Four Star? Hotel was fine. Location was good. Just a few things that suprised me for a four-star hotel:* Stains on the bedspread (very obvious dark stains in three places)* Stains on the neckroll on the bed (again, very obvious)* Stains on the carpetOther than the stains, I felt the room was clean. Everyone was friendly.I will have to say that paying $15/day for internet access at a four-star hotel was a bit of a suprise. However, I have to stay in touch so I paid. $229 for a run-of-the-hotel room and another $15 for internet. Wow.If this place was rated a three-star, I would have given it a four.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>solarchem
<Content>I'm moving on... I'll start with the positives. The staff (particularly the grunts: maids, etc) were very friendly and helpful. I didn't find the check-in people particularly pleasant, but maybe they were just stressed. The rooms are clean and the location is great. Its just a short walk to the cable car, bus, and BART station. I love this area in SF.The downside is the cost. I paid $170 per night for 4 nights through Travelocity. You want internet access? That's another $15 per day. Parking? $40. You would think with the amount of business travellers they must get being next door to the Moscone Center that they would cater somewhat to that demographic. At the prices they charge you would think they could throw in the internet rather than trying to wring every last dollar they can out of you. I have to go back to SF in June, and I'll be looking for somewhere else to stay.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mr. Paul Kemp
<Content>Not What They Think They Are I should begin by saying that I'm only being generous and giving this hotel 3 stars because the room we ended up in was a free upgrade to one of the deluxe rooms on the 31st floor, and once we were settled into it, it wasn't that bad. The view was fantastic.Everything else however, not so much.The guy who was checking us in was a decent fellow, but certainly not the kind of person who should be alone manning the front desk of a hotel that really wanted to win the hearts and minds of San Francisco visitors. We booked the room on a whim via Priceline and got a pretty good deal all things considered, but I honestly can't see what people see in this hotel. We must have been marked with a little 'price-line' dart when we walked in the door which signaled the staff to be rude and completely ignore us. Ironically, both of us avid travelers and people who tell other people about things like... umm... hotels.The restaurant seems to be a haven of overpriced faux-fancy meals and the staff overall were about as friendly as a bunch of 10 year olds who had just lost a baseball game. We were also told 3 times that we shouldn't expect to receive the same great room next time we came. Well, after that 3rd time, I assured them that there was no need to worry, because we wouldn't be back.In a city as amazing as San Francisco there are just too many great places to stay that will welcome you with open arms, no matter how much you pay for your room.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>travelingGs
<Content>Great For Business Trips I was in San Francisco attending a trade show at Moscone Center and chose the Argent because of its close proximity to Moscone. It was overall a great experience. The rooms were attractive and the beds comfortable. The Argent is also walking distance to major shopping areas and museums. My only complaint is that the walls were a little thin which meant that conversations taking place out in the hallway were broacast loud and clear into my room. I would recommend the Argent for business travelers but not neccesarily for romantic or family trips.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>frodo&sam
<Content>Someone else's underpants at the Argent! My boyfriend told me good things about the many times he stayed at this hotel before, so I was very curious to find out for myself.Upon arrival, people at the reception were friendly, and check-in went very quickly. We received one of the corner rooms, away from the elevators, with floor to ceiling windows. There were some small details that didn't make the room look fabulous (thorn curtains, burn stains on sheets, thorn carpet,...) but overall it looked nice so I didn't complain about it. The bed was very good and the bathroom was clean.On the first morning we opened only one pair of curtains and left the other pair closed. When we arrived back in the room (after housekeeping went through it) the curtains were exactly as we left them, and it stayed like this for the 7 days we spent there. On the third day I moved the chair standing in the corner to the middle of the room (just to see whether they would put it back), and again nothing happened.But all this is nothing compared to our last evening there: When we were packing, I found a pair of underpants on the floor in the walk-in closet (carpeted, so normally a place that should at least be vacuum-cleaned) which didn't belong to my boyfriend or me! I was completely stunned, and I called the front desk to complain about this. The answer of the receptionist to my remark that I had a complaint about house-keeping was: Oh no. She transferred the call to house-keeping, I explained the problem (I heard her laughing on the phone, very professional), and the only thing she said was: Do you think they have been lying there all week? (What the ** do I care, I don't want underpants of someone else in my bedroom.) Would you like someone to pick it up? No excuses, no nothing.Needless to say I don't think this hotel is worth the money, and we will definitely never be staying there again. Avoid this place!  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>GRIFKIRCH
<Content>Quite a Nice Place!! We were just in S.F. for 4 nights at a meeting event held at the Argent. Everything was great. We asked to have a room overlooking the bay and were given a room on the 34th floor - we could see the Golden Gate Bridge, Bay Bridge, Alcratraz and Angel Island. Very nice king bed, wonderful decor. Nice bathroom. As others suggested, TV was small but so what - we weren't there to watch tv. All in all a great experience. We would choose this hotel if returning to S.F. in the future.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hytechguy
<Content>The Argent has gone downhill-watch out! I have stayed at the Argent a few times before this visit and, while not a great hotel it does have a good location and have grown use to it, faults and all. However this last visit was just after an ownership change and it has gone downhill considerably. We changed rooms a couple of times and each had their own problem from elevator noise to clogged sinks. The thrid room we finally ended up in was a very small corner room that barely allowed us space to get around our luggage. I figured since we booked through expedia they didn't give us a choice of nicer rooms.The usually terrific staff has been cut to the bone. There was never a bellman visable at the desk the entire weekend and the concierge was the worst I've ever come across. When asked to reccomend a restaurant they handed us an outdated list of so-so places and told us we had to call them ourselves! The only service they were eager to provide was a city tour. They must've asked us a half a dozen times to book one, even after we told them we'd been to the city numerous times. This is not an award winning concierge team as advertised. The room service food was late and cold. Our dirty tray sat outside our door until the late evening, along with numerous others. What's going on here? This hotel use to be nice but, no more for me. I come to SF a few times a year and will go to another hotel in the future. I would advise everyone to do the same.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CiaoBella13
<Content>Lost my heart in........... After reading some of these reviews I was worried having booked through hotwire and being from the UK. Main complaints seem to be about the TV - I am sorry but you are in San Francisco one of the most beautiful cities in the world and you are worring about the size of the TV??????? Maybe being british we can't understand that one! We were traveling as a family (2 adults  2 kids aged 12 and 8) and we loved it. I called ahead direct to the hotel for a high floor room  we ended up on the 25th floor with views to the bay and to SOMA. The Argent is a welcoming place with a great bar, decent sized rooms, bathrooms are clean and with plentiful shampoo, gel etc. Valet, checkin - really friendly and gave great advice on what to do (we've been before but appreciated the update). Location surely cannot be beaten. The Argent is changing owners so who knows what may happen next however our experience was v good so my advice would be to go for it!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chris509
<Content>Loved Argent! Would come back!       desk by the window (in the room)  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointing Just returned from SF yesterday. We had a suite with a good view, but the decor was barely a step above Days Inn. The bathtub had builder's grade tile, for example. As someone else mentioned, the TV screen was too small and too far away from bed. I asked maintenance to come up and move it closer to bed, so we sat for our five-night stay with a TV cabinet moved five feet away from wall toward bed, just so we could see. (Hey, we had to watch the Academy Awards.) Room service food was not great. Room service was not open 24 hours. They would not deliver papers to the door in the morning (although they had them downstairs.) There's no sundries shop. Temperature in room was often too cold and could not be adjusted properly.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bueller555
<Content>Very good experience After reading some of the reviews here, I was expecting the worst, but we had quite a different experience. Rode in on BART and got off at Powell Street. The hotel is a couple of good sized blocks away, but we had no problems with two large suitcases. Because it's a downtown area, there are street folks who live there that make life interesting. Check-in was non-eventful and the young lady there was quick and courteous. We got a 12th floor room that was quite roomy. My only complaint was that the tv was tiny and tough to view from the bed, but there was ample room for us and our suitcases. The bathroom was nothing spectacular, but clean and towels were decent. We had a view of the Moscone Convention Center. Since that was where we were going to spend the next 3 days, it was actually a pretty good view. We spent $160 per night. This was a discount due to the Fancy Food Show block rates. We didn't dine at the restaurants at the hotel. Very pricy. Lots of great restaurants nearby.If you can get a good price, I have no qualms in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All smoke and mirrors Shabby, despite the glossy lobby - rooms had stained covers on beds, knocked-up furniture, mold on the bathroom walls (which were mismatched tile), and large stains on the carpet. My first room (any room with 17 in the number) apparently backed on the service elevator shaft, which was, as the name suggests, in service all night - the entire room shook! My second room was better, and the front desk staff were accomodating enough, but no one (not even the deaf) should be put in those rooms without being forewarned! A friend's room was similarly worn and tired, and barely big enough to turn around in.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>RobSu
<Content>Don't expect much Stayed here for 7 nights, the only plus for this hotel is its location. Our room on the 4th floor, the only one available they said, overlooked the fabulous concrete car park opposite the hotel. The room was far too small for a hotel boasting a 4 star rating. Dodging parked cars at the entrance was just not exceptable. The sink was cracked, towels far too small and the toileteries were only supplied on an ad hoc basis. Overall a 2 star rating would suffice this hotel. We would avoid this hotel if visiting SF again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mme_X
<Content>Wonderful hotel in a great location Our recent stay of 5 nights was everything we wanted in a clean, decent, business-class hotel at a great location (short walk from Union Square.) The Argent feels more comfortable than the nearby Marriott, which can feel like Grand Central when it's busy. Our room on the 24th floor felt spacious, even with 2 queen beds (I'm not sure why the folks on the 31st floor in other reviews were disappointed, but perhaps their room was smaller for some reason.)Nice views from floor-to-ceiling windows on the even-numbered side of the hotel to downtown and beyond. Excellent housekeeping and amenities typical of a business-class hotel, e.g. coffee maker, comfy and stylish cocktail lounge, fitness room, etc.The staff were uniformly friendly, helpful, and welcoming, with knowledgeable concierge services and very chamring, friendly doormen (Slumming at Gumps again, ladies?.) (We're nice middle-aged ladies, so maybe we reminded them of Mom.) We've visited San Francisco a few times for business and leisure, and have stayed at a number of hotels. We've stayed here before and would stay again. Excellent price/value.'Not a far walk from many attractions -- Moscone Center for conferences, Union Square, Ferry building, SOMA, cable car terminal, etc.Minor flaws: we had to ask for robes, even though an earlier email confirmed that robes would be in the room. They wre promptly delvered. A lamp in the dressing area was missing, making the area dark. I'm sure it will be replaced soon.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dubnerw
<Content>Argent: B+/A, Service: A We stayed at the Argent Hotel for 3 nights as part of a ten day tour of California. We received red carpet treatment during our stay. I don't know if being part of a large tour group caused us to receive VIP service, but our experience does seem much more positive than other reviewers.We arrived at 11 a.m. from a cross-country flight. We were fully prepared to drop our luggage off at the hotel and entertain ourselves until the 3:00 scheduled check-in. To our surprise, our room was ready and we were permitted to check-in immediately.Yes, the rooms are small, but of the hotels we viewed in the immediate area, they are all condensed being in the middle of downtown San Fran.We had a terrific bay view on the 29th floor and the decor was updated and contemporary.Eric, one of the conciereges, rocks! He was able to procure reservations for us at prime times at two highly desirable restaurants. We had tried on our own to get into one of the spots, only to be told that the waiting list to eat there was months long. He definitely went the extra mile to make our stay unforgettable!The hotel dining room has average food and okay service-typical hotel fare. There are many restaurants within walking distance, with so many choices we tried to eat off the premises when possible. Overall-rooms were small but spiffy and staff went above and beyond to make our stay relaxing and special.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hbriverrat1
<Content>VERY small rooms... overall just OK hotel I have gone to San Francisco several times in my lifetime and wanted to try a new hotel. After much research we settled on the Argent for its location to the BART station, proximity to Union Square and Chinatown, and some good reviews here on Trip Advisor. We were really questioning why we decided to try something else from the moment we walked in the door. Nobody offered to help us with our bags which seemed odd but whatever. We then made our way over to the check-in counter. There were two people in front of that were waiting in line. They did not appear to be together and both looked quite puzzled. After waiting 10 minutes with nobody at the front counter to help us, I fear that we had the same puzzled looks on our faces. I finally asked them how long they had been waiting... 1 said about 10 more minutes than we had and the other simply said too long. My boyfriend then took a tour of the rather small lobby area to see if anyone was working that evening after no offer on the bags and a empty counter at check in. He found someone who must have made a call because only then did someone come out of the little office adjacent to the check in counter. He looked as if we had woke him up from a nap. We finally were helped after a 30 minute wait and the gentleman that checked us in was quite nice but still looked a little groggy. On to the room! We thought... THIS HAS TO GET BETTER. Well, not so much it turns out. The room was very small and very outdated. We were in 3224 which did offer a decent view but that is the only plus to this room. I completely agree with the other reviewer that said it was possible to change the channel with your toes from bed as it was that small. It is worth noting that we were in what was considered to be an upgrade room which is the deluxe. They have three categories standard, superior, and deluxe before getting into the suite category. So the deluxe was the best of the standard so to speak. I would have hated to see the other rooms. In closing, the only pleasant experience we had was with the doorman on our way out on the town two times. He was very nice. Who knows where he was the night we came in. There are far better hotels in SF for the price of this one. We will NOT be returning to the Argent. Thank goodness there are many choices so as not to be stuck with a sub standard hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bye
<Content>Tiny room 31 floors above San Francisco The Aregent Hotel was built in 1983 by Air France perhaps that is why the rooms in the hotel are more European (small). We joked that we did not need a remote control for the TV we could lie in bed and change a channel with our toes. The bath was very small and very basic. We were rather more fortunate with the view. The first room we were given was a corner one (even smaller) on the 12th floor; it reeked of smoke. We refused it and were given room 3110 the 31st floor is smoke free. We had a great view of the city, Union Square, parts of the Oakland Bay Bridge and one Tower of the Golden Gate in the distance. The fog rolling in is very interesting to watch. Room service for breakfast was much better than Jesters downstairs. We ate breakfast at Jesters one morning. Toast was beyond them...first effort was simple wheat bread sent it back and it returned burned. The staff were friendly and helpful. Other people in our group agreeded with us the Aregent is a good location but a real disappointment.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarah333
<Content>Nice but nothing spectacular. We stayed in the Argent for our first hotel on our honeymoon at the start of our tour down the west coast of America and as we had just got married we were obviously excited and were hoping to get a really nice room. We checked in at about 8pm after a really long day of travelling from the UK and the guy on the front desk (Jean) was soooo rude - we couldn't get over how rude he was. My husband actually said - sorry to put you out - because all we doing was checking in and he was huffing and puffing and just generally had no communication skills. So we were not too impressed with our first encounter!! The room was nice, a bit dated but fine. We were on our honeymoon and didn't just want fine but... The consierge was very helpful and that made us feel better about the hotel. The portors and door staff are also fantastic. The room service food was lovely but very overpriced. There were a lot of business conferences going on and it did feel like we had no personal attention and weren't important guests. The location of the hotel is perfect - a few minutes walk from Union Sqaure and the cable car station that takes you down to the Fisherman's Wharf. Our stay was fine but not what i wanted for my first nights as a married couple. San Francisco was amazing though!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>agh721
<Content>Business traveller  I stayed at the Argent September 11th-14th, attending a conference being held there. ROOMS - were average - nothing really luxurious. I saw a couple different rooms - the room set up seems to be quite varied. CONFERENCE FACILITIES - the rooms were very cold! The lunches were good, although the morning and afternoon snacks were not varied at all day to day - not sure if this was a result of catering, or the conference organizers. LOCATION - well situated downtown - less than a 5 minute walk to Union Square - a $10-15 cab fare to Fisherman's Wharf. SERVICE -no problems checking in - I was able to have really early check-in. Room service and phone charges are a bit outrageous. Consierge was not overly helpful - we ended up going to the consierge at a different hotel to get further help. Overall - I agree with the last review - it is a hotel more geared to the business traveller. I likely wouldn't stay there again unless I had a conference to attend there,  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ca_dub
<Content>Didn't feel friendly The hotel was good, rooms were fine, location was grand, resurant was nice, but my overall feeling for the place is that they cater more for business people and large groups and aren't interested particularly in tourists.Maybe it's just because it's a large hotel in a large city, but was not made to feel welcome/at ease - almost as if they looked down their nose at you. There was no particular incident that can support this, but we just got an overall inpersonal service, which is not what i would expect from a 4 diamond hotel.I would recommend this hotel if you are a business traveller but not if you are a couple of tourists like we were.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jdsu
<Content>Underwhelmed. Not deserving of 4 stars/diamonds. A bit overrated, hardest mattress this side of the Mississippi. Front desk is understaffed. One overworked, over-stressed worker checking people in, while 7 people were in line waiting. This occurred at 8pm, not midnight! Obviously, he was not very friendly at all. Many tours send their guests here. Don't expect 4 star service. One good point, the lobby was very sleek and clubby. Unfortunately, rooms were dated, shabby, stained. The bathroom felt like a Residence Inn.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We stayed in this hotel for four nights towards the end of a round the world trip. From the moment we arrived until the morning we departed, we were delighted with the hotel and the courteous and helpful staff. Our attractively furnished room was very comfortable, with a beautiful view over the the park and the city. We found the location ideal for shopping, restaurants and tram rides to the bay. We had dinner in the dining room once and breakfast twice and enjoyed good food and service. Our stay was rounded off nicely with a trip to the airport in one of the hotel limousines.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mattjas
<Content>Very nice visit We checked in on a Saturday around 4:00pm. Without even asking we were upgraded to the 36th floor. What a wonderful surprise this was and the view was very good. Could see part of the Golden Gate bridge, and the view of Alcatraz was very neat. Very quiet hotel and that is a good hotel for me.We booked through Expedia and got a very good rate. I would defintely come back here.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>squattr
<Content>Room service closed during the day I stayed at the Argent last month and was dissapointed with several things. I was at a convention across the street at the Moscone and came back to my room around noon for a conference call. I called room service and was told that it was not open for lunch only breakfast and dinner. I therefore had to rush next door to the liquor store and buy a sandwich. Unacceptable for a 4* business hotel. The next day I had a late meeting so decided to go to breakfast after a run at around 9:30AM. I was told the restaurant was closed and wouldn't reopen until 11:30AM. Again, Unacceptable. Fedex tried to deliver me a package for pre 8AM delivery, but noone was present at the loading dock. Next time I will be staying round the corner at the Marriott.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Googin
<Content>Boutique style and fairly nice Had a corner room, high up, with a nice view of the city. Fairly close to Union Square and the financial district. OK check in, nothing too friendly, but accomodating. Marble-style lobby with lots of black and brown. Rooms had the usual amenities, were quiet, and bathroom was nice. Room was in good shape. Didn't eat at the restaurant. Hallways were bright. Elevators were quick. Decent gym. Overall, a good stay.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LauraDLawrence
<Content>Great view and location! We reserved this hotel through priceline and paid $150 a night for it. We stayed there for 3 nights in July. I was very satisfied with my experience at The Argent. My husband and I came to San Francisco for vacation, and even though The Argent seems to be more of a business hotel, it was great for tourists as well. For starters, the location is unbeatable. We were able to walk to some great cafe's for breakfast (cafe venue and boudin). The conceirge's provided us with helpful restaurant recommendations and directions to sights. The hotel was clean and staff friendly and helpful. We were upgraded to the 19th floor with a great view of the city (no extra charge, though we did have to ask for it). The bed and tolietries are my only complaints -- the bed in our room was HARD and uncomfortable and the pillows were very small. They didn't have very good shampoos, soaps, or conditioners. I felt the hotel would more appropriately considered a 3 1/2 star hotel as it lacks the plushness and amenties that a 4 star hotel has. But for the price, location, and service, and if you get a good price on a room, it's worth staying.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rackensack
<Content>Great location, good value I've stayed here twice now; once on business last summer, and over the July 4th weekend this year with my wife and 20-month-old daughter. I chose it over the Union Square boutique hotels I usually frequent for a couple of reasons -- the location (closer to to Yerba Buena Gardens and the carousel, half-block from Market for convenience to the street cars, etc.), the size of the rooms and the potential for a decent view, and the fact that they were offering a decent holiday weekend special rate.Despite booking via hotels, we had no trouble getting a 23rd floor room. It was a bit close to the elevator, but we had no complaints about elevator or hall noise. The room, as I expected from my previous stay, was larger than those in most of the affordable Union Square hotels -- an important consideration with a toddler in tow. Our floor-to-ceiling window afforded a nice, if unspectacular, view of Yerba Buena Gardens, SBC Park, and the bay beyond. We elected to skip the crowds of the Pier 39 fireworks on the Fourth, but got to see at least five different fireworks displays from different areas around town from our window -- a pleasant surprise.The room appointments were perfectly acceptable and clean; the fabrics on the chairs showed a little wear if you looked carefully, but were clean and stylish. The in-room safe provided a convenient place for my wife to park her purse and some of the small but expensive items she purchased while there.I've never had occasion to try the onsite restaurant , Jesters-- it's pricey, and didn't seem like someplace that would deal very well with a toddler. There are plenty of other places to eat nearby, and we were there to see SF, not hole up in the hotel all day and night.In-room internet access is $14.95/day, which is the highest I've seen anywhere in the country (including several Manhattan, Boston, and Chicago hotels). In a way, that was a good thing, since I decided it wasn't worth it and had a good excuse to ignore my e-mail for the duration. Phone charges can also be exorbitant, as I discovered on my first stay there -- my cell phone battery died and I'd forgotten my charger, so I had to use the room phone for a couple of local calls and a toll-free conference call, which altogether cost me nearly $100. Didn't make that mistake this time. Since I've been to SF at least two dozen times, often for a week at a time, over the last 15 years, I know my way around and know what there is to do. Given that, and since we weren't trying to do shows and such, I only had occasion to consult the concierge once -- to find out whether the cable car schedule was different on the Fourth of July holiday. Didn't know, and was distracted and not particularly friendly; otherwise, the staff was at least cordial and in some cases friendly.If your usual accomodations are the Four Seasons, Ritz-Carlton, Hotel Nikko, Pan Pacific, or the like, you'll probably find the Argent a bit of a come-down. It doesn't have the character of the Prescott, or the affordability of the Andrews. But if room size and location are among your prime criteria, you should definitely give it some consideration.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ZaiZaiLv
<Content>liked it If I could, I'd give The Argent a 3 1/2 stars. Since I don't have the option to give 1/2 star, I am giving it a 4. My boyfriend would have given it a 5 because of the hospitality, so we compromised. The room was average. We had a corner room so the setting was a little strange and we found it a bit small. We were told at check-in, it was the best guest room they had. The TV was not exactly right in front of the bed, but a little to the left of the bed. We found it a bit difficult to watch TV while laying on the bed. The bathroom was small, and the water pressure was low. Like most hotels in downtown, no matter how high you are, you can still hear the loudness of the city... Despite a very comfortable bed, I had a difficulty sleeping due to the noises: police sirene, church bell, etc.. However, the employees were very friendly and very helpful. I am giving the service: 5 stars. Staying here also made it very easy to go places... a few blocks from Union Square, a couple blocks from Metreon, SF Shopping Malls.. No problem finding things to do... I will recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Henny52
<Content>Disappointing We found The Argent Hotel very ordinary and easily forgettable. The bedroom was adequate, but the bathroom was tiny and outdated and the bathtub so small that any normal sized person would have difficulty fitting in.We had read reports from other tripadvisor members of rooms being dirty, but we could not fault the cleanliness.The public areas were nice and the location was good, but that's about it. If we visted San Fransisco again, we would not stay at The Argent, but would check into the Westin St Francis which is in a better location (overlooking Union Square) and has much more character.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not worth the price We stayed at the Argent hotel from the 22nd June 05 for 4 nights. We had requested a king bed high floor room, and had spoken to the reservations dept on two separate occasions regarding the request. We had the displeasure of being checked in by an extremly hostile lady who proceeded to advise us that the company that we had booked our rooms with only had rooms from the 1st-7th floor as they paid a discounted rate. Since i work for that particular company, I was appalled that she would tell myself and other customers this. She did not offer any infomation about the hotel and im convinced she gave us one of the worst rooms. The room we had on the 5th floor overlooked a moss covered roof and the car park, it was depressing to say the least but after a long journey and busy schedule we stayed put. Aside from the view, the carpet was dirty, the bath stained and had mildew and long black hairs in it. The carpets in the corridor were filthy. The next day i asked if their was any other rooms available and was offered a 9th floor next to the elevators, which i refused. At that point i decided to unpack and not worry. The staff were mostly snobbish and rude, like working for the Argent gave them some kind of status that was above yours. The prices were outrageous and the concierge staff distracted and lukewarm. The location wasnt bad, but since the main reason we booked the hotel was because of its floor to ceiling windows offering a great view, without the view and with the poor attitude of the staff, its really not worth the extra money.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty, tired and unfriendly hotel I stayed at the Argent in May 2005 and found 1. absence of valet to assist with a rental car, 2. absence of a bellman to assist with luggage when i attempted to check in at 10pm, 3. front desk staff un-attentive and un-aware of the layout of the hotel by giving me a room with a connecting door when i requested no connecting door and far from the elevator 4. room service was not available after 9:30p -- and that was just the check-in to the hotelThe room was small and smelled of smoke, plastic and ---. There were hairs on the floor of the bathroom and the view of an alley. There was a connecting door and the sound of an arguement next door.When I went back to the front desk to ask for a different room, i was told that the only other room available was on a smoking floor. When i went to the smoking room, i found the room to have the same smell of the first room.The hallways of the hotel were dirty (dust, wall stains, scratches), the room was poorly designed so that i could not see the tiny tv from the bed, the pay-per-view movie was of terrible quality. I called the front desk and ask that it be removed from my bill after hoping that the quality of the movie would improve and was told that it would be removed.The bed was ok. Bathroom small and without the amenities of a luxury hotel (i.e. conditioner/body soap, shoe shine kit, sewing kit). Room was unorganized with power chords showing. Only good thing about the hotel was the floor to ceiling windows (which showed fingerprints and smudge marks).I was charged $15 for internet connection, and wifi was not available.Breakfast in the morning at Jesters restaurant was mediocre (at best) where there was a wait for a breakfast table with almost nobody in the restaurant.I will never stay at the Argent hotel again.The W, 4 Seasons, Marriot, Palomar and Palace hotels are 1 block away and know how to take care of a guest.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

