<Author>bigplayray
<Content>Enjoyable Experience       Room  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TheCobbler
<Content>Bus or Taxi ~ The Only Way In  My Wife and I have twice this year been to Australia and use Hong Kong as a stop-over, and on all previous occassions have stayed at the Harbour Plaza ~ (wish we had again) ~ but felt another Hotel in same group was worth a try and a different experience. We had pre-booked via the internet direct and had a confirmation of price, so were hugely irratated upon a late night arrival after a long flight back from Sydney to be told by a none too friendly receptionist that the price was only for locals and to show our Hong Kong ID (which of course as UK citizens we don't have). At that hour we were not inclined to argue but however small an issue it set the tone for the next two days.Perhaps the Harbour Plaza has spolit us, as we felt the room furniture was a little tired and shabby, albeit the breakfast restaurant was good. The service was not as good as the Harbour Plaza, although perhaps only marginally less so.The one point I do wish to highlight however is the location, which solely by looking at a map one might think it is reasonably more central. The Hotel is however ringed by all sorts of roads and apart from being able to walk to the railway station via an overhead walkway, anywhere else absolutely requires either a taxi or bus  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	3	1	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Roo3
<Content>First impressions don't always count My husband gave me a wonderful Mother's Day gift, a trip to Hong Kong, without the kids!! (Our first time away together in a long time!)When we first walked into our room we were a little dismayed at how small it was, our suitcase would not even fit in the room, we had to put it on the bottom of the wardrobe! However, what the room lacked in size, was made up by comfort and cleanliness. We found we were in our room so little of our time, just to sleep....(!) on a very comfortable bed. We found we were too busy exploring Hong Kong, by day and night, to spend too much time in the hotel! (Gotta love that freedom with no kids!)We loved the location, in that we could escape the hustle and bustle, yet it was so easy to catch the shuttle bus downtown. We also found being so close to Hung Hom train station was a bonus as we mainly travelled by train, and it was the right train line to head to Shenzhen, China, for more shopping!Having the shopping centre right there was great as well. We tried a few of the restaurants there and can recommend Cafe le Must for a cheap, but huge meal, served by lovely staff.Whenever we would walk back into the hotel I noticed a lovely aroma, something like fresh flowers. I did ask the staff, but they didn't notice it, maybe they are used to smelling the lovely smell all day!Speaking of the staff, they were very helpful and friendly.I did use the pool twice for a morning swim, which was great.'We also had a drink at the bar and breakfast in the hotel (ground floor) which were both great.We found the internet access easy and useful for keeping in touch with the kids and our business at home.Overall a great stay, and don't be put off by the tiny rooms, get out and explore this amazing city!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>sukhwani2003
<Content>Great Hotel Great location. Hotel is clean and is 20 minutes from the hustle and bustle of Hongkong. If you want some quietness this is the place to be. Rooms are cramped.Hotel sits on top of a shopping center and is close to the train terminal for those of you going to mainland China. The Hotel operates a regular shuttle to one of its other properties on the Kowloon side of Hongkong.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Truska
<Content>A pity I couldn't enjoy the pool as it deserved       Window view  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>AUSIRE
<Content>Highly Recommend this Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis in Kowloon for 9 nights in Mid September 2008. The hotel is an excellent place for a long stay as it's away from the hustle and bustle of the Nathan Road precinct. The hotel minibus bus to the city (drop off and pick up from/to The Kowloon Hotel) runs every 20 mintes as regular as clockwork from about 7.00 am till 11.00pm.The Hung Hom Station is a short walk away if you want to catch a train to the Ladies Markets. The shopping Centre (more or less next door) near the hotel has everything you could need...Chemist, Supermarket, Clothing stores and more. There is a fantastic laundry called Piggy White where you can drop off your dirty laundry and pick it up washed the next day for approx $1.00 AUD per kg. The Hotel meals are fantastic, especially the Afternoon Tea on weekends.Rooms are small by Australian standards and having space to put our suitcases under the bed helped.We would definately go back......  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nothingbutthebest
<Content>Good business class hotel Located in Hung Hom on the Kowloon (mainland) side of Hong Kong, this hotel is 2 minute walk from the Hung Hom train station, and 5 minute walk from the Star Ferry to Wanchai, Central, and North Point. It is a five minute taxi ride to Tsim Sha Tsui. If all this means nothing to you, then the bottom line is that it is very well situated near main transport links, so it makes a good base. Rooms are spacious by Hong Kong standards, and some have basic cooking facilities. There is a really excellent buffet dinner in the restaurant every night, with somthing to suit every taste. The hotel has everything the business traveller needs (comfy bed, room service, choice of restaurant, great access to onward travel). It is clean, modern, and represents good value for money. If you are travelling onwards by train to China, it is in the absolutely best location, because the train to Dungguan and Guangzhou leaves from the adjacent station.A good choice, and one I can recommend.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DrandNurse
<Content>Hong Kong Brilliance It was always a dream to go to Hong Kong and we certainly were not disappointed. It is a magical city. The hotel was first class too. Friendly staff, excellent facilities and good food both from room service and in the restaurant. Rooms were very clean and anything we required we got. Very good shuttle service into Kowloom too. Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>martinagb
<Content>Would stay again, but not the best We stayed in Hong Kong in February 08 for a week. This was our first time in Hong Kong  1 week might be perhaps too long. Receptionists were not friendly on our arrival, we have booked our holiday with Virgin  had requested smoking room with balcony. First that room wasn't available, then no smoking room was available, so they put us in a room  head receptionist said we should have a cigarette in the bathroom if we want to. Room was quite small as everybody says, but big enough for people who don't spend much time there. Windows can't be opened so even though we came back after a day out to a clean room even with the air con it smelled of cigarettes. Room service was good, as we were disapointed with Hong Kong chinese food (every meat had a chewy skin on) so we had dinners at the room. The breakfast was good choice of european, chinese  british breakfast, so we made most of it. We only had 1 dinner at the hotel restaurant as it wasn't the best food  quite over priced. There is another chinese restaurant in the hotel complex behind the shops, which was ok, but not to our taste again. While you are in Hong Kong I would definitely recommend to go  see Big Budha - cable car ride to the mountains with a massive budha on a hill. Also Victoria Peak has good views if you are lucky not to have pulluted day. Ocean world is a good day out for everyone.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	1	2	3	

<Author>mzjkmg
<Content>Great hotel The Metropolis is a fantastic hotel to stay at. The one bedroom (superior) suites were HUGE and included a full kitchen. Great air-conditioning in the rooms too.There are several restaurants in the hotel to choose from. The main restaurant has an amazing buffet for around NZD$80 per person, which includes all you can eat bbq, grill, tepanyaki, Indian, sushi, sashimi, traditional Chinese food (rice, noodles, dumplings, 100 year old egg! etc), cold meats, cheeses, salads, pastries, desserts, ice-cream, fresh crepes made to order, souffl茅s and more鈥?br/>Breakfast was also fantastic鈥?br/>The hotel is slightly out of the main section of the city, however, there is a train station next door to the hotel which takes you to the Tsim Sha Tsui station, where you can change to head north to MongKok (markets), or south to Hong Kong Island (the peak). There is also a free shuttle bus which leaves every 15 mins and runs between Metropolis and the Kowloon hotel (which is right next to Kowloon station, and only about 5 mins walk to the Avenue of Stars (which is the best viewing place for the nightly light show)). This shuttle really makes it much easier to use this hotel - stay outside of the main city, yet easily get into it.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pabs1981
<Content>Great Kowloon hotel.       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Flora1972
<Content>Great Hotel... off the beaten track but good transport links       The outside of the Hotel  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>happyhols3
<Content>good service stayed here as part of mercury direct global tour. easy to travel from airport to hotel and check in was fast slight problem over booking re- breakfast but was sorted the following day was offered room upgrade to suit as holel not full then got free upgrade to harbour view with a nice view of the pool which was busy from early -late. Breakfast buffet with lots of choice and some friendly staff pleasent walk along the harbour to tourist center and ferry easy and cheap to find must see attractions although locals are very loud always seem to be shouting and personal space is limited in restaraunts,bars and transport  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Emielou
<Content>Great stay Myself and my friend stayed here for 3 nights in August in our first trip to Hong Kong. We got an excellent deal  we booked a twin room with breakfast included.Prior to our arrival we had some questions which we submitted to the hotel via email. The responses were quick, detailed  helpful. I would recommend taking the airport express to the hotel rather than the hotel bus service as it is cheaper  quick  arrives every 10-15 minutes.Room - Upon arrival we were told the hotel was overbooked  that we would be upgraded to a suite! The room was a double with a sofa bed. Sharing the double bed wasn't a problem for us but the offer of a sofa bed for some may not have been suitable. The suite was adequate in size- a double bedroom wiith plenty of wardrobe space, a seperate lounge  well equipped kitchette. The bathroom was on the small side for a suite room but with the most powerful shower I have ever come across. The view was fantastic- straight across the harbour. I believe that some of the rooms do not have such good views but when visiting a city like Hong Kong you are there to explore the city, not to stare out of your window all day. The room was clean  the air conditioning almost worked too well. Staff - The staff were helpful  courteous. Food  drink- t Breakfast was fantastic  a good set up for the day. There is plenty of choice for everyone with some odd but yummy editions of bread  butter pudding, quiche  salad?! We did not eat at the hotel for other meals but the downstairs restaurant appeared busy in the evenings. Drinks were not the cheapest but no where in Hong Kong was cheap for alcohol  it was reasonableprice for a hotel. A tip- take a corkscrew  buy some wine from a 7-11 or a nearby shop!Location- after reading some of the reviews on TA I was slightly concerned about the location as we only had 3 days in Hong Kong  didn't want to waste too much time travelling each day. The bus service to the sister hotel Kowloon hotel is excellent. We spent no longer than 5 minutes on the bus even at rush hour  used it every day. A taxi after a night out cost us $16 (just over 拢1) pretty good considering the starting rate is $15. The hotel is not far out  some of the negative reviews on here are exaggerated. If you want to be in the very busy centre of Kowloon  pay a lot more then that is a personal choice but this hotel is ideal- it is so close to the centre but you can escape the bustling streets at the end of the day  get a good nights sleep. Gym/pool - I made use of the gym  pool every day  I was impressed with the facilities. Take some headphones for the gym so you can watch the personal TVs on the cardio equipment.Overall I would definately recommend this hotel  I will certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>TBBvvv
<Content>Subpar service, view poor Upon arriving at the assigned room, it had not yet been cleaned. There were half-finished cups of cup-o-noodles and other trash in room.That the room is small is expected of hotels in Hong kong. However, the harbor-view room was really mostly an apartment black across a freeway. The view of the harbor is there, but largely blocked and from an unfavorable angle. The YMCA (in TST) may have better harbor view and is at the same time cheaper.Some staff members at the poolside exercise room was grumpy and unfriendly and bossy. I complained by email, but never received any acknowledgement (let alone apology) from the management. The other staff members were courteous.The lunch buffet in the restaurant on the ground floor is decent in value. most patorns there are locals.Some mainland Chinese guests could be loud and discourteous and unpleasant, but this may well be true for most hotels in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>rain1973
<Content>It's fine... not anything special This is my second time in Hong Kong and this time, I wanted to stay in Kowloon. And quite honestly, I accidentally booked this hotel instead of the Harbour Plaza Hotel, which is much nicer than this one. This hotel, although closer to the Star Ferry and Tsim Sha Tsui (the central shopping and entertainment area of Kowloon), it's not that exciting. The rooms are on the small side, the decor is rather pedestrian and the food is a bit overpriced for what you get. (Tip: For food that is less expensive, go to the Metropolis Mall which is located on the ground floor of the hotel in the lobby.) The views are not all that great either since there are quite of few tall building that obstruct your view. It is not really an area in which you can really walk around to absorb the culture and is located next to the Hung Hom train station... but it's not the MTR station that you can take to Central. The saving grace was that they have a free shuttle bus every 20 minutes to take you to their sister hotel, The Kowloon Hotel in the heart of Tsim Sha Tsui. However, the price was right. Pretty inexpensive for Hong Kong. Had an okay gym and the pool was good to look at the harbor. It's a bit of a snore but if you're on a budget, you get your money's worth.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	4	2	3	4	

<Author>wbchong
<Content>Good hotel, but not the location Overall is a good hotel to stay. I stayed for 5 days during my business trip to HK. The room is clean but small. A typical hotel room in HK. I have a side-window view of the harbour. Can see the light performance at 8pm, but with limited view.The hotel location is far from the MTR subway. However, it is next to the Railway station to China. Have to use the shuttle bus provided by the hotel to TST MTR station. The shuttle ride is about 10 mins. It is free and in interval of 20 mins. The service is good and punctual. It stops at Kowloon hotel in TST. TST MTR station is next to Kowloon hotel. You can the same shuttle ride back to Harbour Plaza. The hotel is next to a shopping mall, but shops there mostly are bridal shop. Not really an ideal location for shopping vacation, but for a business trip it is fine. One thing strange about the hotel, I stayed for 5 days, but I only got newspaper for 2 days. I wonder why. Didn't bother to check with hotel staff.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Dyane69
<Content>Disappointing We stayed at this hotel for 14 nights. The rooms are adequate if a little small. They are cleaned daily, but you are only allowed 2 tea  coffee sachets, so once my husband  I had a cup of tea that was our daily allowance gone for the day! The shuttle bus runs every 20 mins in and out of Nathan Road, so you never have to wait around for any length of time. The gym was okay, but gets very crowded, so it can be difficult to get to use any of the equipment. The pool is nice, but if you want to sunbathe after 11 am forget about getting a lounger as they'll all be taken. Breakast was by and far the biggest disappointment. The food was fine, but no matter what time you go it is always very, very busy. All the tables are squashed in together, and there are so many that one morning I couldn't find my table and another guest - who I'd never seen before - had to point me in the right direction. Most mornings, if we even got offered a cup of tea, I had to go and get any refills as no one was interested in serving you, once I even had to get our cups - however they could always find you to sign the bill!!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	4	2	4	

<Author>worldcruiser
<Content>Perfect Hotel Spent 5 days at this amazing hotel. I was a little unsure as I had read comments about small room and distance from city but found nothing to worry about. The hotel is almost resort class, magnificent pool, poolside service, lounge areas top class restaurants and views and a free shuttle service to Nathan road. The hotel is a quite oasis from the noise and bustle of Hong Kong. We were upgraded to the club floor but without any of the priviliges as all rooms were booked. The room was large enougfh for two, magnificent harbour views and the best bed we have ever had in a hotel - It was a side Harbour view room and the ones on lower floors are exactly the same. Breakfast is magnificent as is the dinner buffet. Room service is inexpensive and fast. Beer in the inroom mini bar is around AUD 4.50 a can but we got 50% off to $2.25 (cheapest mini bar i have ever seen !)Cool drinks around $2. Supermarket in adjoining shopping plaza stocks everything you could possibly need at great prices. The shuttle is efficient and fast although at only HKD 30 a taxi to Nathan Road is a good option. One tip though when coming back to the hotel always stipulate HUNG HOM before you say the hotel name as there are many Harbour Plaza's it seems. All in all I couldnt recommend this place enough. Friendly staff and exceptional service make it a home away from home.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PatSandyHookCT
<Content>Good value, liked location My husband has happily stayed several times at the Harbour Metropolis for business so when I decided to fly over for my first visit to Hong Kong at the end of a busines trip for him, he chose this hotel for my stay. We got a suite with a harbour view and frankly I could have spent the whole trip in a chair pulled up to the window watching the harbour!! The rooms were average, middle of the road-not luxurious but clean and comfortable. But the view was spectacular! one night we watched the harbour light show from our windows and it is a sight I won't soon forget.We liked the location of the hotel-after a day of sighteseeing in crowds and noise, our rooms felt like a nice, quiet oasis. It was VERY easy to take the shuttle to the downtown and that location was very close to the ferry, Nathan Road and the promenade,The mall was very handy and interesting-it is geared towards residents that live and work locally and I enjoyed browsing the supermarket, watching the people and having a light meal at one of the restuarants. I also got a kick out of the weddings and all the stores and decorations that support this hotel being a wedding destination. I kept trying to sneak pictures of the different wedding parties much to my husband's embarrassment!We had a couple of great meals at Knutsford Terrace (El Cid for tapas was particularly enjoyable) and found the History museum a good destination for a rainy day on the advice of the staff. The hotel staff was always helpful in getting us transportation for various ventures (writing out our destinations for cabs, giving advice on options etc..) although communicating in english wasn't always easy.We took the train from the MTR station to Mong Kok and visiting the Ladies Market was an inexpensive and fascinating experience. I don't think we would have done this if it wasn't so easy to walk from the hotel, through the mall and over a covered walkway into the train station.I was alone for a day or two and felt very safe in the hotel and was treated well by the wait staff when going to the buffet breakfast (which has a lot of choices but the food is average in my opinion.). I used the car service when arriving from the airport and the bus service going back-I would highly recommend both options-both were a very positive experience.Overall, if you are looking for a 5 star hotel for the ultimate Hong Kong experience, this isn't it. But if you are looking for a moderately priced stay in a comfortable environment as a base for visiting Hong Kong, then I would highly recommend the Harbour Metropolis. I will definitely stay there next trip.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>gismo
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       SSVirgo  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>kat13bris
<Content>liked hotel we paid for upgrade as was offerred as soon as we got there paid extra $300 au for 4 nighs beautiful apartment had separate kitchen and bedroom and lounge room great views of harbourdon't psy for breakfast trhough pretty ordinary and always cold!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KTJM2008
<Content>Fantastic!       View from the Club lounge balcony  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hrona123
<Content>Great Value Stayed at this hotel last October purely due to the reviews in here, and we were not at all disappointed. The hotel was well located with the train station right across the street. The hotel itself was very clean spacious and friendly. The manager let us have our room until 18.00hrs on the day of departure so we were able to get freshened up before our flights home.My husband and I very rarely use hotel facilities because we never stay in the hotel long enough to need them, but from what we saw and gathered from other guests they were extremely good. Due a slight mix up in checking in the hotel gave us some complimentary drinks which of course we didn't say no to.It was our first time in Hong Kong and although we are not big shoppers Nathan Road is a must, the bling on the markets and the haggling are 1st rate.We did a couple of excursions which we booked through the tourist information centre in Hong Kong and can definitely recommend the night cruise which takes in a trip over to the small fishing island, Victoria and the Harbour Light Show which was amazing, we also did the pink dolphin trip which was very good. Hong Kong is amazingly cheap and your 拢 will go a long way.We will definitely return to Hong Kong and probably stay on the main land next time, but Kowloon and the hotel in particular was very good, Love these reviews on trip advisor and never book anywhere until I have read the comments on here and I can safely say that the positive comments regarding this hotel are true  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>PinoSydney
<Content>Good Value Hotel My wife, 2 陆 old son and I recently spend 2 weeks at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis during March 08 and found the hotel to be great.Check in was smooth and quick and we were in our room relaxing after our flight within 5 mins. We booked a partial harbour side room. The room is small as mentioned in previous posts but it鈥檚 well designed/modern and it didn鈥檛 feel small. It was big enough room for our son to play with his toys.We had breakfast included in our package. During our time there we had breakfast at the restaurant on ground floor (actually level 7) and up on level 20 in the Harbour Club Lounge. We were upgraded halfway through the trip. Breakfast was great at both locations. We found that on the ground floor there was more variety of food but Level 20 had the fabulous views of the harbour. Overall breakfast was excellent with quality food and the egg station chef was excellent. The hotel is attached to a shopping mall. The shopping mall is more catered for locals 鈥?no big name brands here. He used the laundry service there; it鈥檚 the first shop on your left as you enter the shopping mall. $32HK for up to 7ibs. There are several restaurants within the shopping mall that always looked busy but we never ate there. We did grab a quick bit at the food court on level 3 which was good and cheap. It鈥檚 also attached via a small walk way to Hung Hom MTR which makes getting to China very easy. We caught the train from there to Shenzhen. The station has a McDonalds, star bucks and other small retail shops much better than the shopping mall.Don鈥檛 let the hotels location be an issue for you as they offer a highly efficient and on time every 20 minute shuttle service to the Kowloon Hotel (on Nathan road). The shuttle takes 5 mins to get downtown which compensates for its location. Over all we found the Harbour Plaza Metropolis a good value hotel and recommend it to anyone. There service was excellent and friendly. We plan to be back next year and will book this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jade81
<Content>Views and location Loved this hotel everyone is very polite, mall and food court attached and very close to mtr  shopping  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>PhilInSuffolk
<Content>Excellent stay I stayed one night in the Harbour Plaza Metropolis at the end of a week's business in Shenzhen. The room was booked by the company I was working for, and some of the reviews here led me to believe it might not be a pleasant stay. I can only say that my experience was excellent and I can recommend the hotel unreservedly.When I checked in, I asked for non-smoking. After a pause, the receptionist said they were short of non-smoking rooms, so he'd upgraded me to a suite. This had 4 separate rooms - bedroom (2 single beds) lounge (2 chairs, sofa, table, TV), bathroom (shower - no bath) and kitchen. There was complimentary bottled water, dressing gowns and slippers. Although it in no way compensates for the cost of a hotel room, I was also pleased that there were good tolietries, etc.I would say that the bedroom was on the small side, but adeqate as a bedroom. There was good internet access, but this had to be paid for.Breakfast was included in the room rate and was excellent. Possibly the best choice I've experienced in visiting quite a few hotels. I also dined in the hotel and found the service very good, with reasonable food.All in all, I can say that for the price, I would not expect anyone to be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>MasterHotel
<Content>Terrible service - DO NOT STAY HERE I stayed at this hotel for five days last week and all I can say is if you have any other choice in Hong Kong, then take it! It started off badly - you cant check in before 2pm, so if you have an overnight flight and arrive at the hotel to want to take a much deserved nap, you will be told to come back after 2pm at the earliest!The rooms are tiny - i had a upgrade which only gave me a DVD player! If it was supposed to be for two people, I am not sure how you would get around the room without falling over each other.As it was a business trip, my company paid two days and and I paid the other two - however, you only get hotel points if you paid for it yourself - a real frustration if you are a businessman who collects hotel points and wants to use them for pleasure.Finally, when you check out, dont pay the final bill in US dollars - the rate outside the hotel is 7.70, inside the hotel its 7.17!When I asked to see the Manager, I was told he would call me within 20 mins - he didnt. When I asked him to call me on my mobile on the way to the aiport - he didnt...and now I have asked him to email me - and you guessed it...no email!There are plenty of other fanstastic hotels to stay in Hong Kong - I strongly suggest you give this one a miss - unless you like to pay for terrible service, be ripped off at check out and enjoy tiny spaces!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>CFSurrey
<Content>Good value for business I have stayed at the Harbour Plaza several times over the past few months whilst travelling on business around SE Asia. The location is excellent if you need to go to Shenzhen in China (just walk downstairs to Hong Hum station for the train) and also for convenience Kowloon side - allow 20-30 minutes to get to Hong Kong Island. The room rates are much more reasonable here than in Tsim Sha Tsui onj on the island and the overall quality of the hotel and service is much better.I have upgraded a few time to their Harbour Club which offer drinks and a very good buffet every evening between 6 and 8pm. The extra cost is no more than adding breakfast, internet and a couple of drinks to the basic room rate and I find it is very good value. The view over the harbour to HK Island (polution permitting!) is fantastic. The staff in the club are excellent, very knowledgable and eager to help.The rooms are compact but functional with good bathrooms, fast broadband internet and excellent service at all times. The Metropolis mall next door has a range of shops and a few restaurants (the Japanese one is good) and there is an excellent laundry just outside the hotel in the Mall (much cheaper than the hotel).  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Lynn018
<Content>Fantastic 5 day break We have just returned home from a five day trip for the Chinese New Year. We booked our trip with Virgin holidays and from start to finish there was nothing to complain about.Arrival at the hotel and check in was very smooth. We were upgraded to a harbour view room which, although small as said by previous reviewers, it suited our needs perfectly because when you are in such a vibrant city you do not want to spend time in your hotel room.We had complimentary breakfast each day, this was through our booking, in the harbour lounge. Service was excellent as was the choice and variety of food.We did not eat in the hotel other than breakfast as there was many nice places to eat in Kowloon itself. Hong Kong itself is a fab place to be but be warned it is not cheap. For souvenirs there is a lot of 'tat' and then the very very expensive but not much in between. In Nathan road be prepared to be hassled to buy but a polite no and walk away does the trick. Do not accept cards or leaflets from these people unless you really want to buy from them. They take this as you do and will then not leave you alone.What is cheap is the travel. Try the star ferry over to Hong Kong island. Less than 15p each way. The trains are also very cheap and very efficient and safe. Puts Englands transport to shame.The hotel is within walking distance to the harbour but we found the hotel courtesy bus very reliable and efficient.Overall an unforgettable experience.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>catcat18
<Content>Disappointment at this 4th stay My husband and I stayed in this hotel every year when we visited HK in the past 4 years. We chose this hotel because it was new (opened 4 years) and it is easy access to MTR with hotel shuttle bus and KCR rail. We booked the hotel through Qantas Holidays, with bonus offered to upgrade side-harbour view room and free breakfast at the Club Lounge on the top floor. In this stay, we started to find it is not a very good value, the furniture and fitting became old and the carpet is soil and dirty. The guest room is not in good size. The breakfast in the Club Lounge is terrible, fruits are warm (as the room temperature in the Lounge is too high) but the croissants are cold and chewy (only on the last day of my stay, I found they put a heat-light there to keep the pastries warm). Extra charges is now required for the use of the computers in their business centre, but there was no charges for this last year. Because all of these, I may not consider this hotel again in our next visit to HK, instead, we will try some other new hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	4	1	4	3	2	

<Author>dougly
<Content>Good value, tiny rooms, nice location away from hustle  Cons: tiny room. We were ok since we spent little time in the room. We booked business package which came with breakfast. At check-in, we were informed that only one breakfast was included. This seemed odd given it was a double occupancy room with two beds.Pros: location away from noise and stress of Tsim Sha Tsui, yet a pleasant 20 minute walk to TST via the Harbour Walkway. Also very convenient shuttle service to/from Kowloon Hotel in TST. Buffet breakfast was great- wonderful assortment. Nice fitness facility with good selection of cardio and strength equipment. Staff was helpful and friendly. Nice pool. Clean modern bathrooms. Adjoining mall had great restaurants- we found a wonderful family style Chinese restaurant that we loved.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	2	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Holiday-Jetset
<Content>Good Hotel Just returned from 6 nights at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis Hotel in Hung Hom, Hong Kong. Not to be mistaken for the Harbour Plaza Hotel in Hung Hom.The hotel is great. Large reception area with plenty of staff.BEWARE: if you get a taxi ensure you tell them that the hotel is the METROPOLIS as there is a Harbour Plaza Hotel in Hung Hom centre (near the Harbour) and our taxi driver took us there one night by mistake even though I told him 3 times during the journey that he was going past our hotel, and then he tried to charge us the full fare ( we didn't pay it we just gave him the fare it should have been if he had taken us directly to the Metropolis as we asked him to)We arrived at 10:30am but our room was not ready until 2pm. So we checked in and had a shower in the Gym changing rooms (very nice and clean) and got changed. Left our luggage and then went into Tsim tsa shui for a walk about.Returned at about 5pm. Our room was ready and our luggage was brought up immediately. Admittedly the room was a little on the small side (compared to the Sherritan Hotel and Miramar which we had previously stayed in) but we didn't intend to stay in the room for long as we had lots of shopping and sightseeing to do.Hung Hom KCR station is directly outside the hotel (accessible via the Metropolis Mall (a nice shopping centre). If you buy an Octopus card you can travel the KCR, MTR, Buses freely and it can also be used in 7-11 shops etc. This can be purchased at the station. Travel very cheap. Even taxis outside the hotel 24 hrs a day and they are extremely cheap.We used the Spa which was fantastic. We had a Jet Lag Eliminator Body Massage (1 hr) and foot massage (陆 hour) cost HK$ 780 (about 拢48) but so worth it. I travelled with my firend for Christmas Shopping Trip and we had a double treatment room so we were together. Massage was superb and the whole Spa was so beautiful and professionally run, and most of all relaxing.This hotel is a little bit out from Nathan Road. It can be walked via the Avenue of Stars (approx 15-20 mins), but only 1 stop on the KCR to the Harbour end of Nathan Road. Also the Hotel Courtesy Bus runs over 20 mins to Kowloon Hotel. A Taxi to Nathan Road costs between HK$ 15-20 depending on traffic (95p to 拢1.25). The cost on the meter is HK$15 when you get in and it doesn't click over for quite some time.The Taxi from/to the airport should cost you approx HK$300 (拢18-20) plus HK$30 for the road toll and HK$ 5 for each suitacase. BEWARE! they will try to charge you an additional HK$ 30 for their road toll on their return journey which you don't have to pay, so always check the metre and know how much you need to add on. Our driver tried to add the return toll fee and HK$ 10 per bag. Its best to have enough HK$ in change so that you can just give them to correct fare. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PGATOURtraveler
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This hotel has it all for a good price. The rooms were a little small but very modern. The location is in Kowloon and is easily walkable to the Walkway of the Stars and really great shopping since the hotel is linked to a mall. The internet is not free but affordable. The hotel offers a car service for about 70 US dollars which is easy and highly recommended. The breakfast buffet is amazing and also highly recommended. I would recommend this to anyone on a budget but likes a nice hotel in a great area.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Linda Hotham
<Content>Great views We were offered the harbour floor upgrade upon checking in but I believe you can do it in advance.It was about 拢30 per night for a couple. As well as the buffet breakfast in the lounge on the 20th floor,free cocktails and hors d'oeuvres in the evenings there were other perks like free papers, fruit in the bedroom and free internet in the lounge. Used the swimming pool and jacuzzi a couple of times which was on the 9th floor with tremendous views and although I didn't eat there the snacks looked superb.Had a meal downstairs the first night. It was very busy and we were put out in the marquee. The air con was very effective, we were frozen but the food was good. The free shuttle was very efficient and punctual.The adjoining mall had a little supermarket and a few restaurants.Lots of brides seem to visit for wedding photos. We saw 6 on the Friday afternoon. All sorts of wedding backgrounds, quite amazing.The train station was next door to the hotel too.It wasn't easy to walk anywhere from the hotel for a stroll after dinner,it took a few days to find our feet.Our room had tremendous views although very small. Cases had to go under the bed. Had a desk and a fax machine.Our friends two doors along had a kitchenette with sink, fridge freezer and a microwave.All in all I would return for sure.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>SailorUK
<Content>Go for the upgrade! Stayed 4 nights at the end of a Virgin Holidays tour of China. Read about the Plaza club before departing UK and arranged an upgrade by e-mail (cost about 拢30/night per couple - more than offset by cost of breakfast  cocktails consumed) prior to arrival. Views from the club patio at breakfast and for cocktails (inc beer, wine) are excellent but main benefit is that the hotel lacks any real decent bar/sitting out area in the main facilities and the Plaza lounge is a great place to relax before dinner and is also available for tea  coffee late afternoon. Breakfast in the club lounge is very peaceful and avoids fighting the rest of the guests down in the main facility. Location is a bit out of it but the hotel shuttle is very efficient, running every 20 mnutes to/from the centre of TST and close to the Star Ferry. We also walked one morning and it only took 25 minutes to get to the ferry and was a pleasant walk along the waterfront.. Handy shoping mall next door for those last minute essentials.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gail5863
<Content>Excellent Hotel The Harbour Plaza Metropolis in HK was recommended to me on this forum, and I am so pleased I took this advice and stayed there. I was pleasantly surprised on arrival, this is indeed a very nice hotel in HK - good 4 star standard and perfectly adequate and nice for a couple of nights or longer stay. The staff on check in were polite, helpful, friendly, courteous and efficient. The room I had was quite small but perfectly comfortable and adequate. The breakfast served (buffet style) was extensive, hot and catered for both Chinese and Western tastes very well, but the most spectacular was the evening buffet dinner. What a feast! This was very busy though, so you might need to book if you want to be sure to get in, but they had almost everything you could imagine for about 35 British Pounds - from steak, fish, chicken, pork, to lovely selection of salads, starters, chinese food, chocolate fountain, fresh crepes made to order and also souffle cooked to perfection while you wait. Overall - exceptional and would give this hotel 9/10 for everything. The only downside / well perhaps not really, is that it is a little out of the centre of HK, but there is a shuttle bus every 20 mins which is never full and being just out of the centre means I think it might actually be a bit quieter. This was no problem for us, also as taxis are so so cheap, travel around HK is really no problem at all.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>PJBYYZ
<Content>great service, great value We found the hotel to have fast efficient service. Rooms are a good size for Hong Kong. Proximity to KCR railway, bus terminal plus shuttlebus do mitigate the location which is a tiny bit off the beaten path. But overall it was enjoyable. The Harbour Club upgrade is well worth the price, decent breakfast, use of internet, a few other freebies.Gym and pool are excellent. Did not try restaurants.For expedient local transportation, buy an octapus transit pass, and use the KCR railway to connect to subway (MTR). Also can be used on a number of busses across from train station (which is across from hotel). Concierge knows all bus routes so just ask! Busses are a great way to get around in HK as they run very frequently.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baozao
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Great Location Located opposite the spectacular Hong Kong skyline and close to all the shops and attractions.It looks good as soon as you walk in to the lobby and the staff are very freindly and helpful with excellent English (obviously!).Not all rooms have the harbour view but I found the room to be very clean and comfortable. The only yukky thing was the smell of cigarette smoke on my floor but I did want a smoking room and they put us all on the same floor so it is to be expected!!The breakfast was vast and very tasty and if you don't want to spend too much on food inside the hotel but also don't want to stray too far from the hotel, there are a few snacky places to eat in Hung Hom station which is right next door and easily accessed through the mall, which you can access from the hotel lobby!The swimming pool area is fairly small but very nice with a partial view over the harbour and a very welcome retreat from the hustle and bustle and heat of the city.There is a complimentary shuttle service down to Nathan Road about every 20 mins which is really useful to get you near the shops and the Star ferry for crossing over to Hong Kong Island.A very good and comfortable hotel in a handy location.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ccrr77fr
<Content>not the best in this category Harbour Plaza Metropolis is quite well located in Hong Hom at walking distance from TST. Some rooms have great views on the harbour and the fantastic buildings of Central and Causeway Bay but the hotel is, in general, not really good. If the lobby is clear and huge and gives a good opinion about the hotel, the rooms are not very large and the bathroom is terribly small just with a shower. We booked for a Superior One Bedroom Suite but we arrived at the hotel early in the morning and i think the hotel staff told us this category wasn't available for an early check in just to sell a higher category. Consequently and even if i'm pretty sure a Superior One Bedroom Suite was available, i've accepted to buy an upgrade because we were too tired to wait 5 hours. It costs 70 euros per night to be allocated in a Grand Deluxe Harbour view Suite... It's one of the best category in this hotel and that's true, the view is good but there is nothing special in more except the huge space for the living room. Consequently, the atmosphere in the suite was too cold and it wasn't really clean (dirty sofa, chair covers...). The soundproofing is not excellent and the curtains are not well fixed and you'll be wake up at the first morning light... it's not very comfortable...About the staff, some are really smily and nice, some other ones are not good at all but it's OK. The buffet breakfast is interesting with a large selection of european and asian delights but the decoration of the restaurant is simply ugly...In conclusion, i think this hotel is very affordable but there are other hotels much better in this category...  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>WorldwidePrincess
<Content>Nice hotel, good value for Hong Kong, and perfect for the train to Guangzhou We were really pleased with this hotel. Very good service, and a good deal for a hotel of this quality in Hong Kong. It is true that the hotel is not in the thick of things, but it has a shuttle bus available, and it is perfect for those arriving or leaving on the Kowloon - Canton Railway. I plan to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Libby37
<Content>Great place for Hong Kong stopover Very welcoming hotel after a mega long transfer from PRC. Rooms were of a good size with luxurious bathrooms. Becareful that if you have requested non smoking room you get it. We realised too late. You do see the harbour from this hotel and very efficient front of house staff. Food in the restaurant was absloute divine and although more expensive than the rest of our tour in the mainland still good value. We would like o mention dining staff who were superb in assisting with surprise anniversary treat for one of our family group. Recommend you try the mouth watering cakes in the promenade cafe.Do not be put off by comments about shuttle bus just make sure you cahck the timetable. Taxi and star ferry to Hong kong cost 拢2. Very convienient for Shopping in Nathan road-Sam's the tailor was superb for my husbands suits and shirts. Room service excellent as were leisure facilities.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mark2211
<Content>Very nice hotel - recommended This hotel is a very comfortable option for Hong Kong. The reception area is very grand and spacious, with excellent staff all around to help you. Do not be put off by the number of people waiting to be seen by reception, as the staff are extremely quick and efficient. There is an excellent restaurant (with a first class buffet!), coffee shop and shopping area to the left and right of reception.The rooms are small although very comfortable. If you can, get a room with a harbour view - spectacular. There is a lovely pool and a great sauna.The location of the hotel could be better (seems a little out of the way), however do not let this put you off. The taxis are very cheap and efficient and when you get a city map, you will see that the hotel is really quite accessible.Well done the Harbour Plaza Metropolis.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wayne1955
<Content>One of the nicer Hotels we have stayed in       HK light show  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	1	

<Author>PipkinsLondon
<Content>There are better hotels in Hong Kong! The hotel is very clean, the rooms are very small, but i think this is the case in most hotels in Hong Kong! You have to use the hotel shuttle to get to key points, which is very reliable and not really a hassle.Overall we didn't like the atmosphere of this hotel, it was very clinical, the staff were not very friendly despite having to wear smiley face badges! It was clearly and issue!Often we would return to our room later on in the day and they would still be cleaning it or it hadn't been cleaned.The bar is very small and unatmospheric. Would not go back.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	2	3	3	3	

<Author>smokeyamber
<Content>Loved The Club Lounge When we got to this hotel we were asked if we wanted breakfast in the hotel we said yes  were asked if we wanted to upgrade to the executive louge on the 20th floor for 450 HK dollars for the 2 of us each night,this works out at about 30 English pounds  well worth it as the wine  beers flow from 6 - 8 in the evening, Also for this you can get coffee  tea any time of the day where they will also bring a couple of biscuits  chocolates each.We stayed for 2 days as a stop over to Australia for our 25th Wedding Annerversary  loved Hong Kong  would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Rach30
<Content>Fantastic stay I would recommend anyone to stay at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis, it is absolutely fantastic! My boyfriend and I stayed there for 2 weeks and it couldn't have been any better. Admittedly the room is quite small, but to be honest it has everything you need and most of the time you'll be out anyway! The hotel staff were all very helpful and friendly, the room was spotless and the view from our room was amazing.The location of the hotel is great. Ok, It's not right in the centre, but there's a free shuttle bus that takes you there every 15 minutes or so, a train stop round the corner and it's also just as easy to walk because the harbour isn't far away.The hotel shopping centre has got some great restaurants but as a whole the shopping wasn't to my taste. It's definitely worth a look though because it is very attractive!The hotel facilities were excellent, particulary the swimming pool, gym and restaurants.Overall, this hotel is amazing - try it!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>SusanSouthampton
<Content>A good place to stay This hotel fully lived up to our expectations. We stayed in a Harbour view room De Luxe for 5 nights , and although slightly compact ( its Hong Kong!) it was more than adequate for our needs ( if you were hoping to spend prolonged periods of time in your room- you may feel different) The rooms are clean, up to a good standard with a decent size bathroom. The views from the room were a little disappointing and we tended to look over roads as opposed to the actual harbour.We were lucky enough to get use of the Club lounge for breakfast (included in package),which is defantly worthwile doing if you can because the views from this area are better than anywhere else in the hotel, plus the food and staff were excellent. The buffet that is available in the main restuarant every evening is a must have experience if you can afford 拢30pp to eat as much elaborate cuisine as you like. Travelling to and from the sister hotel was easy with the hotels shuttle bus running approx every 20 minutes from 07.00-23.00. The only downside of this hotel is defantely the hotels lobby area. Its constantly busy, with very limited comfortable seating for people coming and going, you therefore feel that you have no option but to go to the bar/cafe/resturant on check in and out.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluespace
<Content>loved the service My fiance and I stayed there for 9 days. We picked the hotel because of the reviews we read. It's a bit off the drag but we enjoyed it because we don't like the noisy and crowded streets of Kowloon. We also found the free shuttle to be convenient. We could take as much trips without worrying about the fare. We also liked going to the nearby train station for breakfast. We loved the service. There were times we'd go back in the afternoon to rest and go out for dinner and would find our bed fixed and towels changed again. The night lamp would also be open upon our return. The staff are courteous and quick to deliver service. I also enjoyed the food at the Japanese restaurant in the hotel. It was a wonderful experience and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a quiet hotel away from all the buzz.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>UKLouLou
<Content>Ok, but everything is relative. Arriving from Shanghai, where we got a very large and modern room (Mason Hotel) for half the rate at the Metropolis immediately set the tone. The room at the Metropolis was half the size.It is not a bad hotel at all, but value for money is not great. This may be a HongKong effect: I imagine that one would get similar value for money in London...The swimming pool and adjoining facilities are nice.The restaurant, which we used once late at night, was ok.Location: very little charm about it. The views on the harbour are limited. It is on the edge of (and somewhat removed from) central Kowloon's waterfront and close to a train and bus station, but stuck in a maze of busy roads. There is pedestrain access to Kowloon's waterfront, but via a 1980's windswept concrete car park.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>nippercat
<Content>Problems start to finish Problems started at check-in. The booking was for a twin room, because I was travelling with my teenage son, but we were allocated a double - they said there were no twins immediately available, we would have to stay in a junior suite for one night, then re-pack and move the next day. After I protested, they said they would do the pack and move, but my antique gold wristwatch 'disappeared in the process. They denied all responsibility, refuse compensation of any kind, and sent a bullying delegation of 3 men to my room to persuade me that it was my fault. Priceless!The rooms are very small (we hardly had room to put our suitcases) and the hotel very isolated. You are completely reliant on the hotel shuttle bus, which doesnt run as frequently as claimed, and is often full at peak periods, leaving you either having to wait for the next one (often half an hour or more), or take expensive taxis. Conclusion - find somewhere on Hongkong Island or nearer to Nathan Rd and the metro.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>srh10
<Content>Great hotel - just a bit far away This is a great hotel, top service. Rooms great, maybe a bit on the small side, fantastic outdoors restaurants. Only problem with this hotel is that it's a little out of the way, there is a free hotel bus but this is always crowded. Taxis to main shopping areas and Star Ferry very cheap though. 'Shopping mall' hotel is attached to is awful, don't go there.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HappyAustTraveller
<Content>Excellent we have just returned from Hong Kong and stayed at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis and cannot speak more highly of this hotel. The staff was fantastic and the hotel brilliant. We travelled with two children and stayed in a one bedroom apartment which was lovely and clean, well equipped and spacious. The pool, restaurant and facilities were fantastic. The hotel is not in the main 'drag' but this suited us better and there was a free shuttle every 20 minutes to get to Nathan Road. I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ericezza
<Content>Good, but not perfect Location:In Kowloon, but out of the centre near Hung Hom train station and above the Metropolis shopping centre.Annoyingly tricky place to get to, although there is a free shuttle bus to the sister hotel near to Tsim Sha Tsui underground station.Taxi into the centre of HK will cost around HK$100, depending on traffic (which can be very heavy).Room:Had heard bad things about the size of the rooms, but ours (1993) was more than ample for two people, with a generous bathroom and shower.It also provided an excellent view across the harbour, allowing us to watch the famous light show every night at 8pm.Facilities:The outdoor pool is very nice, if somewhat chilly at times.I didn't use the gym but quite a few people were on the running machines at all times of the day.The hotel restaurant served decent food, albeit way more expensive than you will pay nearly anywhere else in HK.The shopping centre connected to the hotel also has a variety of restaurants that are well worth a look.Service:There were always plenty of staff on hand ready to help in any way possible.Overall:My only gripe with the Metropolis Plaza was getting there from the centre of HK.The easiest way is taking the shuttle bus from the Harbour Plaza hotel, but that stops running around 11pm.After that, you will need to take a taxi, or alternatively the 5c bus to Hung Hom station from the Star Ferry terminal and then 7mins walk up through the shopping centre.If I could get a room at the better located Harbour Plaza for a similar price, I would chose that in future.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	2	5	3	4	4	

<Author>luv2travel95
<Content>Very nice Hotel       Pool  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Pancherino
<Content>Great Service, Great Food, Great Value We just loved our four nights in a superior harbour view room. The service was absolutely excellent with no request being too much trouble. This hotel is a little off the main drag which proved to be sheer bliss after returning from the unbelievable noise, lights and crowds of downtown Kowloon. This hotel has the most relaxing, spacious and spotless rooftop pool - a real treat to recharge batteries. We even received a complimentary massage and because we stayed four nights also enjoyed the wonderful complimentary breakfast. The al la carte menu in their Promenade restaurant finished up becoming a favorite restaurant - huge choice and every dish delicious. (We usually avoid eating in hotel restaurants). Although the rooms are typical of Hong Kong in being small, the wardrobes and bathroom are spacious with the best shower we've ever enjoyed. This is a great value hotel with very comfortable beds and pillows, spotlessly clean and very conducive to enjoying a lovely blissful nights sleep.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WimdeWit
<Content>Huge public areas, ridiculously small rooms       'harbour view' with some fantasy  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	3	2	

<Author>serenity73
<Content>Enjoyable stay .. very nice,clean        Is this small or what?  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>veedubrach
<Content>Could do better When we checked in were told we were being upgraded to a harbour view room. We then found out that it was a smoking room. The room itself had a really poor view of the harbour, so we asked not to be upgraded, just provided with the non smoking room which we had booked, to be told there were non available. The whole floor was smoking and it was really unpleasant. I wish I had been more insistent and would encourage others to be.I certainly would not pay any extra for the harbour view. The location itself was a bit far out, but the shutlle bus to the sister hotel was very convenient as long as you don't want to stay out very late.The breakfast was really good, with a huge variety of food.The room itself was small (which seems normal for hong kong), although essentially comfortable. Internet connection is available in the rooms although not cheap.I think it's probably possible to find a better hotel for the money, although would stay here again if I had to.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saurai
<Content>Good for a stopover Good hotel, has swimming pool, worth upgrading to the Harbour Club on arrival as the breakfast is free with that. A shuttle bus runs from the airport train to the hotel and the bus provides transport down in to Kowloon. Booked through virgin and got it or 拢65 for 2 people ( room only per night) so was happy with the value.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>SamPerth
<Content>Fantastic Location       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>gringo472
<Content>Enjoyable Stay We stayed at this hotel for a few nights after a tour of China. We found the hotel to be excellent from the start, we upgraded to the top floor, which they call the Harbour Club where you get a guaranteed view overlooking the harbour. It was great to be lying in bed and watching the Star Ferries coming and going. The upgrade included breakfast in the Harbour lounge, again on the top floor, and comprised of a buffet which you helped yourself to. The harbour club also included drinks and light refreshments each afternoon for a few hours, the outdoor terrace was superb and offered fantastic views of the Hong Kong skyline and the harbour below, so an ideal spot to enjoy a glass of wine or a beer. The hotel wasn't located in the heart of Hong Kong, but an excellent free shuttle bus service ran frequently between the hotel and Nathan Road, a short walk from the Penninsula Hotel and the Star Ferry dock, and right outside a Metro station. If we are ever fortunate enough to return to Hong Kong, then this hotel will be top of the list of places to stay.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Marga88ca
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel!Positives: beautiful room and bathroom, great mattress, pillows and duvet, lots of English TV channels, good reception/concierge, great buffet breakfast!Negatives: very small room (although this is for most hotels in Hong Kong - almost not big enough to open a suitcase on the floor without blocking the entrance), only air conditioning (no heating, so room got a little cold this time of year), somewhat removed from the central area (although hotel has a free shuttle bus every 20 minutes, only 7 minutes to the downtown area of Kowloon).Another nice bonus...a free 20 minute massage at the spa upon check-in!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gaspargonzalez
<Content>Not worth the money The hotel is coveniently located opposite the Hung Hom train stations, with trains coming from and leaving for the Chinese mainland. We arrived by train from Guangzhou and immediately saw the hotel from the train terminal. But then... how to get to the lobby? No indications for pedestrians, so we took the risk and walked over the windy fly-over for taxi's (later we found out that you could enter through the shopping mall) - a strange way of entering a hotel. We booked a junior suite with harbour view for just over 200 USD per night. Never seen such a small 'suite' in my life. It was like they just had put a wall in a standard room, but the we heard that the standard rooms were truly half the size of our mini suite. We're not claustrophobic, but you would almost become so after staying a while in this hotel. It was impossible to stand in the bathroom with two persons.And then the harbour view... We only saw construction works that took away any view of the harbour - ridicoulous to pay 30 USD per night more for such a view. The downstairs outside swimming pool was a joke as well - nothing of the Hong Kong skyline to be seen as was advertised on the hotel's website. Housekeeping was only so-so - we didn't really noticed the room being cleaned, sheets were only changed once during our five day stay. Restaurants in the Metropolis are overpriced, given the mediocre quality of the food. Moreover, we were unlucky to be seated in the very windy lobby part of the restaurant, and were forced to have dinner with our coats on.The only positive thing we can think of is the convenient shuttle bus service to Kowloon center, every 20 minutes. For the rest - avoid this place!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>JCThornhill
<Content>A Pleasant Stay at Harbout Plaza Metropolis We stayed at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis from Dec 18 to Jan 1 and find it overall a pleasant experience. We booked a suite because we have 2 small children (age 7  4). I must admit I was a little worried because of some of the negative reviews posted on this website. When we checked in, we were upgraded to the Harbourview floor with a beautiful view of the Victoria Harbour and that was a nice beginning of the stay. The suite was spacious and clean, the kitchen well equipped. (I did find the hair dryer in the writing desk, a somewhat odd location). There was no bathtub but a nice shower stall ( that did cause some problem with my younger daughter since she hated showers). House keeping was efficient, but room service could improve a bit. However, every person we encountered at the hotel were friendly and helpful, it did not matter that we were Chinese speaking tourists, the Conciege was extremely helpful and efficient. The mall attached to the hotel was very convenient,(there was a laundry service at the mall which opened every day including X'mas and New Year Day with express service and at reasonable price, they even deliver to the hotel and that was a great plus). We ate at a couple of restaurants at the mall and they were OK.The one compliant I have was the toilet, the water that used to flush the toilet sometimes seems to be brown and muddy and smelly, I usually flushed it more than once to get clear water. I think there is an issue and it seems from the other review that the hotel is doing something about, although we were not aware of any water disruption the whole time we were there and if thats the case, then hotel management should communicate the issue better with the guests.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Darlknox
<Content>Would not stay again We arrived at the hotel at 2.00am in the morning to a very disorganised front desk-it took along time to book in for very few people waiting.When we finally got to our room there appeared to be no water in the toilet cistern. I rang reception and was told the whole hotel was affected due to maintenace work. They offered for someone to come up with a bucket, which we declined. My partner went downstairs to investigate further and was told the same thing. He had to use the facilities in the lobby/restaurant.The next morning flipping through the hotel information (it was at the bottom of the pile I might add)was a small memo advising of the toilet problem.It was to be for 3 days and only at night time.Luckily we were only staying ovenight with a late check out. Even so the toilet had no water the whole time we were there, not just the hours stated.It would have been correct procedure to advise us of this problem when we checked in, at no time was there an apology or renumaration of any sort offered. Waiting to leave the next night we watched busloads of people checking in, and at no time did we hear the staff advise them of the inconvenience that awaited them.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>YKim
<Content>Not too impressed with the service! We just returned home after staying 6 nights at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis.We had booked 4 rooms and two weeks prior to our arrival, I sent an email to the hotel requesting for the rooms to be near each other, 2 with twin beds and 2 with double beds.Upon arrival, we were told that our rooms had all been allocated on the same floor but unfortunately, only 2 were next to each other. The other 2 rooms were all the way across the other wing of the hotel and were about 3 doors away from each other.On top of that, we were given only 1 room with twin beds and the other 3 rooms having a double bed each.One thing to note about this hotel is that they do not have connecting rooms so if you are travelling as a family and needs to keep an eye on the kids, you might be better off in a suite.The front desk lady,C****, who checked us in weren't too interested in helping us with our requests. We got the impression that she was hurrying to check us in so she can get on to the next customer.Even though, we had to wait for three hours for the rooms to be ready. Our request for a late check out till 4pm was also denied by C****.Finally, we got to speak to a more approachable lady, P**** who agree to let us stay in one room till 4pm provided that we release the other 3 rooms at 12pm.We expected the rooms to be small but we didn't expect them to be so poorly maintained.There was a smell of stale urine?/old shoes? in the room and the aircon was quit noisy. I think some of the other rooms have this problem because I saw the technicians servicing the aircon in 2other rooms on the same floor.The grouting around the shower stall were stained a yellowish brown and the WC weren't scrubbed properly.I suspect some of the rooms were undergoing a makeover because the twin bedded room had a bathtub which looks new instead of a shower.We notice that the hotel staff seems to be friendlier towards the caucasians. The doormen, in particular, only greets the Caucasian guests but were suddenly struck dumb the moment they see any Asians. I wonder if the Caucasians are paying a much higher rate for the rooms?I would look for another hotel next time I go to HongKong. With so many hotels, I'm sure there will be a better choice.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>uh_k_cia
<Content>Okay hotel... but not for an extended trip Stayed in this hotel for three weeks while on business. The rooms are extremely small, I felt really claustrophobic while in them. I could literally touch the television and desk with my toes while lying on the bed. There also seemed to be a lot of dust in the room and there was this weird smell in the closets. It smelled almost as if someone left their stinky shoes in there and it never aired out. Well, I had to put up with this smell for three weeks. I did everything possible to get rid of it鈥?I bought incenses, room deodorizers but it would only mask the smell. Anyway, in addition to that the room didn鈥檛 come equipped with an iron which I thought was extremely odd. You鈥檇 have to call housekeeping to deliver an iron and board to your room only for them to whisk it away in the morning once they cleaned. Additionally, some nights I鈥檇 get a turndown service and others I wouldn鈥檛. Where鈥檚 the consistency? I rather you either provide me a turndown service every night or none at all (hey, you can鈥檛 miss what you never had). Oh also, there was a weird drip coming from the ceiling in the shower. At first I thought it was perhaps condensation from the steam while I showered until I noticed that the drip continued hours after I had showered. Perhaps I just started to become a bit nit-picky since I stayed so long, but by the end of the third week I was ready to get out of there! All in all, this hotel is sufficient for a short weekend trip. It鈥檚 in a decent location and they provide a shuttle service that takes you to the city center which was extremely convenient. But if you plan to have an extended stay I鈥檇 recommend trying a different hotel from a comfort standpoint.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>samjoe25
<Content>Ok but much better on offer! The hotel itself was very clean and efficient. Typical with most hotels it was very expensive to most local restaurants and bars. One of our evening meals for two cost over 拢100 and we only had a bottle of wine and one other drink. The staff are friendly except the majority of the reception staff who could not be bothered to do anything other than their direct duties. They have a shuttle bus which takes you into town which was excellent cause you are quite a bit of out. We had paid extra for a harbour view room but wished we had kept the cash. We simply got a view of water between tall buildings. The room was tiny and very cramp but we had expected this as the city is so built up. The bar is tiny but again the staff were excellent and always made sure you were served. My one major complaint would be that the hotel has nothing oriental about it. It is a modern hotel which could be anywhere. The pool was very cold and the view from it was not what was in the pictures. I enjoyed my experience in the hotel but their are much nicer out their. The Continental and the Penninsula were very grand and have the best views in my opinion.Hong Kong itself is fantastic - one of my favourite destinations.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	2	5	2	3	4	

<Author>ss75
<Content>Convenient for Kowloon and Outlying island access We (a group of 4 adults and one young child) spent 5 nights at the HP Metropolis. On the night of our arrival, we realised that we had been given two rooms with twin beds, not adjoining, rather than double beds-ok for adults but not for sharing with a baby (we did mention that we were travelling as a family unit with a young child and needed adjoining rooms). Point for the future - clearly specify that double beds were required, else rooms with twin beds may be allocated by default. What I found overall was that overall hotel reception was not particularly courteous and the concierge seeemed to be always in a hurry to hang up the phone or rush off instead of giving us a proper hearing when asked for general directions around Hong Kong. FB staff at the resaurant were ok. Food options are good for non-vegetarians (we are vegetarians and so our options were limited). Rooms on the 17th Floor were very small. Our rooms on the 19th Floor which the hotel moved us into the next day are better especially with baby luggage. The free shuttle service to Tsim Sha Tsui etc are also useful and free shuttle to the Airport Express Stations are also useful. We also found the proximity to the Metropolis Mall and the Hung Hom Train station useful. Overall service quality of the hotel staff needs to be more pleasant. I would not stay there again for this reason.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>TravelbugOct2006
<Content>"Pure Luxury" We stayed at the Harbour Plaza for 6 nights! Everything was so perfect - we booked a side harbour room which had a more than partial view of the harbour, the room was spacious and very clean, the bathroom was very modern and had a fabulous shower, pool was a great size with a fab jacuzzi and great views of the harbour! Location was great right beside the train station (1 stop from Mongkok and so easy to use - best for technology shopping) and attached to a shopping centre! They provide a free shuttle into Nathon Road and a taxi back is very cheap! Everything was perfect and i would definitely go back!!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bollinge
<Content>A 4/5 star hotel witrh 6 star staff As always, it's people, location and comfort that makes a great hotel. This one is nicely located, atop a pleasant shopping mall in the Hung Hom area of Kowloon. All the staff are extremely friendly and helpful: Nothing is too much trouble. The rooms and beds are very comfortable, with every amenity. The rooms are on the small side, although not as small as the pokey cupboard I was shown to at the much-vaunted Algonquin in New York! There is an accurate picture of a standard room in candid travellers photos on this site.There is a frequent shuttle bus every twenty minutes to and from the sister Kowloon Hotel on Nathan Road, which takes eight or nine minutes. That hotel is more expensive, and having looked round it, I wouldn't want to stay there.I recommend you pay a bit extra for a Harbour Club room which allows you use of the club; a panoramic bar with free broadband, breakfast, snacks, afternoon tea, canapes and cocktails between 6 and 8 pm. There is a great view of Hong Kong island and the harbour, but sadly, as I write this I can barely see across because of the smog. They blame China's coal fired power stations! There is a large pool with attentive attendants and a little bar cart, great for sun bathing (smog permitting). Various restaurants here, and in the adjacent mall. All looked OK, but I didn't try any of them.I will stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jaffa47
<Content>Disappointed At the end of a two week tour through China, was disappointed with this hotel. Room was small to the point that the bell boy had difficulty in finding a space to put our luggage. Complaints to the night manager only resulted in the reply that all rooms were this size. The harbour view we requested and paid extra for was extremely limited. Complimentary water was only complimentary for the first night, from then on it was $HK15 per bottle. Whilst staff were not unfriendly they were a little brusque at times and were reluctant to accomodate even the smallest of requests. Having stayed at several other hotels of equal standing in Hong Kong will not be adding this one to my list.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the Harbour Plaza Metropolis I loved the location, Accross the road from the train station and only 5 minutes from hussle and bussle of Tsim Tsa Tui. The free hotel shuttle came every 20 minutes and always right on time. The hotel staff were fantastic, helpful and very friendly. The room was a bit small but very comfortable and the bathroom was georgeous and always very clean. I miss the exellent breakfast so much, the buffet and the veiw were equally brilliant. Joined to a 3 level shopping mall and McDonalds.The swimming pool is big and beautiful too, a fully equipt gym and massage room what more could you want all in one hotel, my daughter and I loved it.I highly recomend the train ride to Shang zen cost about HK$26. It is the best place to do your shopping plenty of shops and very very cheap, the train takes you straight to the Lo Wu mall. We will definitly stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel             Outside view of hotel  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>may06
<Content>Very good hotel We have just returned from a week at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis in Hong Kong. As other reviews have stated - it is a lovely hotel - however the rooms are very very small.We had previously been in Kuala Lumpur and Penang and the hotels where we stayed had enormous rooms. When we arrived at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis we asked for a larger room. The staff were extremely courteous and showed us other rooms, but another one was even smaller - so we decided to stay in the room we were in. We also had a view over the pool and onto the Harbour. Unfortunately I think in a few years the view may be built out completely as there is a very large construction which has been built partially obstructing some of the harbour view.However, I would imagine that the hotel owners probably think that the size of the room is not important as you really don't spend much time there (which is quite correct).Apart from that the pool was really lovely, the breakfast which was served in the Club Lounge on the 20th floor (overlooking Hong Kong harbour) was superb. A huge variety of food to cater for all tastes. The staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly and anything we requested was supplied very quickly and always with a smile.It is well located, as another reviewer stated - out of the crush of busy Nathan Road area. The shuttle bus provided - which runs about every 10 mins - is wonderful. This means that if one member of your party is too tired to go out again - then they can stay and rest at the hotel and the other member of the party can then go downstairs and get on the shuttle bus and go into the Nathan Road area with ease.If we were going to Hong Kong again - would more than likely stay there. We have been to Hong Kong three times and this hotel far surpassed the previous ones.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Underrated Room small, with a nice feel and with all the necessary facilities. Side harbour view not spectacular though presenting an ever changing vista. As a tourist, the location was good. The hotel offers a shuttle bus service to Tsim Sha Tsui, from where shopping, cultural and ferry services are readily available. This proved a real bonus for the way in which we could get about and familiarise ourselves with Hong Kong. We looked at the maps, rode on the trains, buses and trams. We walked to many places. We even got lost.The hotel offers breakfast. This proved the most valuable part of our accommodation package. The experience with everything offered by the hotel was excellent. Staff are gracious and helpful.We would be pleased to return.Peter Fitton, Melbourne, Australia  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Caeden
<Content>4* but small rooms Having just completed 11 days through China whereby our hotels were 3* standard we were looking forward to staying in a 4* hotel. Unfortunately the rooms were so small and functional that we did feel a little cheated. We also paid extra for a harbour view but half of the view is now taken up by a recently completed building. We had breakfast and dinner which were both very good, along with the service. There was a frequent bus shuttle service to the centre of Kowloon.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just a nice hotel       Hong Kong 001  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sm3
<Content>welcoming, so friendly and helpful.   showReview(4615882, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>StevenO
<Content>Comfortable and clean Stayed for 3 nights on a partial harbour view room which was bigger than some hotels in Kowloon. Location is good if you prefer to stay away from the noise and crowd in Nathan Road and the shuttle services are an added advantage.Staffs might not be overly friendly but are efficient in providing services from reception to room service. In-room breakfast service was prompt and food was well presented. However, the keyboard for the TV internet access was not functioning properly. Coming from the hospitality industry myself, the services and product offered are adequate with the price that was paid. Will probably come back for the next trip.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mikepYarm_UK
<Content>excellent But!   showReview(4581918, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kang_a_ji
<Content>Not bad...not great...   showReview(4442705, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and modern, good shuttle service   showReview(4352709, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PrescottPym
<Content>Great Service, Pretty Good Room   showReview(3900936, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cheryl022
<Content>Good spot for family   showReview(3753854, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again   showReview(3744534, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Redheifer
<Content>Loved the Harbour Plaza Metropolis               
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again       the bedroom  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fly-emirates_0922
<Content>棣欐腐銇ㄤ腑鍥藉崡閮ㄣ伄銉撱偢銉嶃偣銇究鍒┿仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21398020, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>銇炽倱銇°們銈?> 銇炽倱銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>闈欍亱銇т娇銇勫嫕鎵嬨亴銇勩亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;       銉愩偣銈裤儢銈傘亗銈娿伨銇椼仧  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlendswertes Hotel f眉r Business und Urlaub   showReview(19642453, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hong kong   showReview(22947736, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sympatique pour le prix   showReview(16597774, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅-prix 脿 Hong Kong   showReview(15561080, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Erstklassiges Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(15561079, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MissParis
<Content>Correct, mais aucun charme       Vue du hall d'entr茅e de l'h么tel sur l'卯le de HK  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>werde wieder hier 眉bernachten   showReview(13977739, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel, kann man w盲rmstens empfehlen!!!   showReview(13977738, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13199009, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19167290, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis/Leistung OK   showReview(11302348, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles Prima!   showReview(11664861, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎰忓銇ㄤ究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19164223, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Denis_de_Villepreux
<Content>Excellent hotel       Couloir etage  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kowloon - dezentral   showReview(11428756, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pylbo
<Content>Le calme avant le shopping   showReview(6786549, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧   showReview(19158768, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel   showReview(11342152, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冩澅鐪併伕銇獡鍙?#x201d;   showReview(19157939, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠ュ墠棣欐腐鍦ㄤ綇鍗佸勾寮便仺...   showReview(22037493, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂般仐銇勩仩銇戙仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19154974, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉讳節搴冮墑閬撱伄銉涖兂銉忋儬...   showReview(19925136, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

