<Author>nedpaniagua
<Content>skip it. They should chage their name from resort to motel I read the bad reviews and thought it could not be that bad. Well please belive the reviews. Worse area in the island to many homeless and resentfull locals. Wow, what a disapointment, we left after our first night even though we had paid for a week in advance. The rooms, specially the carpets, were dirty. The beds are the same ones form the 60's and even though they had a small valcony with patio chairs, the chairs were covered in mud. Please don't ruin your vacation and skip it. Yes it is that bad.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>1	2	1	2	2	3	3	1	

<Author>CharlesofPerth
<Content>Perfect stay at a beautiful resort I also lived on Oahu many years ago in Waipahu and Ewa Beach so I had an idea of the area - and we wanted to visit friends  tour the island so the location suited us. I admit a little hesitance in staying at the Makaha Resort Golf Club after reading some of the reviews here - but the price was right and I didn't mind the additional driving. Have to say....our stay was FANTASTIC! The room was nice enough, comfortable and quiet....over in Q block. Great views and beautiful grounds. The staff were absolutely tops, very warm nice people all. The cleaning staff did a great job cleaning up after us (Thanks Christina - Linda says hi!). Yes, it is a little bit of a walk...through pleasant well-maintained landscaping...to the parking lot. I timed it and we were in the furthest corner...four minutes max....for oldies it may be a bit of hike...but the carts can get you there if you're not up to the walk. Yes we had a gecko or two in the room...but we don't mind....it is the tropics...I get them in the house here sometimes...Lots of birds at the resort too, the odd mongoose, etc...so some interesting things to see.We ate out all the time as we were on a bit of a budget with the AUD plummeting so no idea about the restaurant....no problems at all with the locals in the area either at the beaches, stores, or eateries...If anything they were very friendly to us...I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this resort. Great value...probably the best rates on the island! Looking forward to going there again - and I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eaglefreek4
<Content>what you make of it We lived on Oahu for six years so we do know our way around. Now we return for a couple weeks every year for vacation. Any place you go you can find good or bad to say about, depending on your requirements or temperment. Yes, there is the tent and homeless issue ... but who forced them to live there? There are bigger, fancier places around too, why aren't you looking at them? Trying to save a buck...stop complaining. This resort may not live up to your expectations, then go somewhere else. If you are looking for the true reason to go to Hawaii, the Aloha spirit, and to meet nice people, then give them a chance. It is remote, just what we wanted. Parking is free, find that anywhere else. We are old enough to need rides from our car to the room every time and every time we were cheerfully given a ride. We were even given a tour ride around the whole place. Our driver, Tommy, is as nice a person as you could ask to know. Everyone there was nice to us. Perhaps you reap what you sow. Every morning we had a beautiful sunrise, toured around all the spots we wanted to see and ate wherever we wished. Yes, it was a trip sometimes to a bigger, better restaurant...but every night it was a nice trip back to our room. So, are you going to have a good time and enjoy yourself or are you going to cut down everything you see or feel could be better? We went to share our lives with some beautiful people, and we suceeded. This resort, your vacation, your life are what you make out of it. We do in fact reap what we sow.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>blonduh
<Content>It's getting better.       Pool side  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Allanmelbourne
<Content>Never again We Stayed at Mahaha Resort for four days and we couldn鈥檛 get away fast enough the room we booked was a deluxe room and I have seen better Motel rooms.It was very dirty the windows haven鈥檛 been cleaned for years the linen was grubby, the furnature was old and falling to pieces, it is not up to international standards.We complained to the office staff but they were not interested.We will never return to this resort it is over priced.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>AlbertaCanadian2
<Content>its not Waikiki... Makaha Resort was a beautiful relaxing getaway from the hustle and bustle of Waikiki which by the way resembles pricey Miami Beach. The resorts staff were very friendly with tons of information. My wife and I were at the bar alot since its the latest place that is open. We had a great time with Tiffany the bartender, especially the Friday martini tasting of delicious tropical concoctions. not ot be missed. The nightly entertainment was a little repititous, but we enjoyed it anyway. The front desk staff was very helpful at answering our questions and giving us directions. Our room was okay. Yes, it looked like a renovation was needed but it was comfy and not pricey. I liked the fact that parking was free, unlike Waikiki where we paid $20.00 a day to park at our hotel. Overall our expierience was a true Hawaiian vacation and we will definetly return.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>dispatcher80
<Content>We are coming back!!! My husband and I stayed at Makaha Resort in Feb. 2008 for 12 days and have reservations for Feb. 2009 and simply can't wait to return. It was so peaceful and the staff was wonderful. Our son and his family live there. We chose to stay at the resort to get some rest and relaxation when the kids didn't have us out sightseeing. We ate several meals there with our son and his family. The food was good and it was so much fun spending time with them. We especially loved the weekend breakfast buffets. The mountains were beautiful. We loved sitting on the lania in the evenings. See you Feb 2nd. We can't wait! Ted and Nonnie Laux Portageville, MO.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>qwazrn
<Content>bad choice We spent a week at Makaha Golf Resort for our 25th anniversary. Looking on line the resort sounded like the perfect choice. I did note a few somewhat negative reviews prior to booking but the negative comments did not seem too bad. The drive to the resort was in the late afternoon. I did not think that it was THAT far from the airport. I was aware that there were some homeless people on the beaches near the resort (from a review) however the amount of homeless was astonishing!!! They are living in tent cities all along Farrington Hwy. Although there are some beautiful beach areas near the resort, I did not feel safe to go there with my family. Once at the resort, it appeared well groomed and the setting in the Makaha Valley is beautiful. Once we got to our room ( a bit of a walk...you can ask for a ride from the resort staff on a golf cart...but they don't offer it readily. They don't even offer it if they see you carrying alot of bags or groceries to your room....not much on service at this resort....beware of the staff driving around on the golf carts...they go a bit fast and some of the areas have blind curves that you can't see them coming) As I was saying, once we got to our room, we found an outdated room with a 1'x1' fridge that had the door open and was not working, no shower curtain, and 2 double beds that were the most uncomfortable ones that I have EVER slept on. Camping on the ground would have given me the same effect. There was no binder in the room that offered any information about the services that were available at the resort, menu for the restaurants on the grounds, information about the surrounding areas, hours for the pool etc. I walked to the desk and requested a shower curtain, a hide a bed, more towels (ther was only one set in the bathroom and there were 4 of us in the room) and the resort information book. On the way back to the room, I noticed the restaurant was open and went in to see what the menu looked like. Saturday is Buffet night, $35/person for all you can eat. That was the only option. Looking at the menu for the other days, most of the items run $25-$35 per plate. We were told that there is a restaurant open for breakfast/lunch across the pool. We ate there twice and found the food good and a bit more affordable.About a half and hour later a hide a bed and towels were delivered. I had to go back to the front desk to ask for the shower curtain and the info book (never got the book). The toiletries that were provided were the usual small bottles of shampoo and lotion. The soap was a round 1 1/2 x 1/2 facial bar. I asked the houskeeper the next morning if there was any larger size of soap and she stated no I also informed her that our refrigerator was not working and she said that she would have it replaced. We found a grocery store a few miles from the resort and bought a real bar of soap and some snacks and beverages. I was informed by another couple staying at the resort that there were gas BBQ's available, actually ONE BBQ that I was able to locate...again, we did not know this because there was NO INFO BOOK IN THE ROOM!!!!! and the staff did not provide any info. There is an activities desk in the lobby, but I only saw someone at the desk once during our 1 week stay. If you need Wi-Fi the only place that you could get a connection was in the lobby of the resort.There really isn't any restaurants in the area....none that looked like ones that I would want to eat at anyway...and I'm all for trying the smaller local eateries....but not in that area!We tried to get out of the room as early as possible and not return until we were ready to shower and turn in for the night. We tried to stay away from there as much as possible.I would not recommend this place to anyone. I would not return there either. It was very disappointing. Listen to the reviews that are written. Voices of experience are better than the photos that the Resort posts on the website.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	2	1	1	

<Author>JaneFlannigan
<Content>Did not like this resort The journey to the resort went through some poor area with people living on the beach and I was most apprehensive about going to the resort.It is an old resort built in 1969 and could do with a lot of TLC.I could not eat the food as it was all cooked using wood chipping which added a distinctive smokey taste.The Gym was poor and had only a couple of machines and the beauty salon was a joke. I had an appointment and the salon was like something out of the sixties, no modern appliances not even straighting irons. As a result my hair look awful and I had to have it redone when we left the resort early .  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	2	1	

<Author>isis715
<Content>Not too good, not too bad Just got back from a week at the Makaha Resort Golf Club. After reading most of the reviews of this resort for the past year, I felt prepared when I arrived. We did not experience too many problems, but this hotel is pushing it when they call themselves a resort. First, about the area: The area around the resort is very local. There are tent cities on the majority of the beaches, but Makaha Beach Park is a great beach shared nicely with both tourists and locals-I would not advise swimming here unless you are an experienced ocean swimmer. There are plenty of restaurants in the area, but eating healthy is a challenge. We had great meals at LL Drive In (not part of the chain) and Barbeque Kai (as well as yummy mango bread on Thursday). We shopped at FoodLand in Waianae for breakfast/lunch stuff, storing cold items in the small fridge in the room. We found that if you are respectful of the locals they are respectful of you. However, if you don't like a daily dose of the tough reality the locals live, don't stay on the Leeward Coast of Hawaii. If you are a resourceful and independent traveler, you can have a fine time here.The grounds: It is about a one hour drive from the airport/Honolulu area. The hotel seems like it might have been a nice place in the late '60's and early '70's, but the renovations the website boasts of seem to be only their timeshare cottages, not the hotel rooms (at least the ones we were able to see from our long walk from the parking/lobby area and our room were not renovated.). It is a long walk (uphill) to the parking lot, and it gets busy on the weekends. We saw several critters on the property including cats, mongoose (geese?), gheckos, birds, and cockroaches-all to be expected in a tropical valley, but not fun to find in your room (cockroach). The fitness center was a treadmill, an eliptical machine, and a stationary bike. The eliptical machine emits a wretched sound when used; we asked the front desk on Monday to see about fixing it, but it was not fixed by Friday. The internet is good in the lobby and by the pool, but it is very noisy in the lobby especially at cocktail hour when they have both live entertainment (a guy with a piano and synthesizer) and the TV going at the same time. The pool was fine, but needs more than 3 umbrellas. Laundry on site was helpful, but not all guests observe laundry room etiquette which was annoying.The room: The TV is OLD, we had to purchase an RF converter box so that we could watch movies from our iPod. The website says they offer cable TV, what this means is 13 channels but several are unwatchable (TV Guide, QVC, Christian Channel, Foreign Language, 3 major networks, 2 news channels). The linens were clean but low thread count and scratchy, but the carpets and walls are both dingy and stained. Our sliding glass door handle fell off the 3rd day, but it was repaired the same day. Our faucet leaked and the water would stay on unless you held the lever for a minimum of 30 seconds before leaving it. The toilet ran after flushing. The shower curtain was not long enough and water puddled on the floor.The food: we only ate at the grill twice. The food was overpriced ($12 for 3 pancakes, $5 coffee to go), and not that good. I ordered a Caesar salad one afternoon with dressing on the side and got a pre-dressed salad with extra dressing on the side that made me ill later.The staff: Our interactions with the staff ranged from pleasant to downright rude. Our server at the grill was very rude and barely spoke to us. The cart drivers were nice, but we nearly got run over by them speeding about the property several times. The front desk staff were nice and helpful. Overall, I'd say the Aloha spirit is lacking in the staff. After reports of theft on other reviews we were sure to lock up all our valuables and didn't have an issue with that. I did try to contact the manager before our stay about some of my concerns after reading the reviews on this site and others. After no response for a week, I contacted my travel agent to resolve my concerns. Only then was I contacted by the management, who suggested I stay elsewhere less than 4 weeks from my stay in an email that was less than professional in my opinion. I did not feel welcome after that, but had no other option but to come and stay.I would never stay at this hotel again, but it wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. I arrived with few to no expectations and they were met.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	2	3	

<Author>whytewold
<Content>Relaxing, unpretentious and beautiful I can't help writing a review in response to some of the more negative ones I've read. We stayed at the Makaha Resort for the second time this May and have fallen even more in love with the resort and the area. I recognize that it all depends on what you want in a resort; we stayed two nights in Waikiki and I'd never come back to Hawaii if that was my only experience of Oahu. So if crowds, shopping and high-end facilities are your cup of tea, then Makaha probably isn't for you. But if you want a relaxing time, in a beautiful environment and with no crowds, then you should enjoy Makaha.It is somewhat of a drive to the Makaha Resort from Honolulu (avoid rush hour traffic if you can), but it was no problem for us to get anywhere we wanted on the island, and we spend days on both the north shore and the east coast. But there was lots to do in the area as well - beautiful empty beaches (and those north of the resort tend not to be 'tent cities' ) and the resort has started to make a real effort to organize some of its own activities and let you know what's available locally. Loved the early morning yoga under the trees, and the pool pilates as well as the great hike back into the Makaha Valley. A highlight was the snorkelling we did with 'Dolphin Excursions' out of close-by Waianae Harbour - we did indeed 'swim with the dolphins', though I can't say that they wanted to come close, which is probably just as well.The biggest drawback of the area is lack of restaurants. We didn't want to eat in the resort restaurant all the time - prices were not extremely high but too much for a family of four on a regular basis - and fast food seemed the only other option. However toward the end of our stay we found out about two good local restaurants. We only got a chance to try one - the Red Baron (Italian food). It doesn't look like anything on the outside but had good food, reasonably priced.Our room was comfortable and clean, and you couldn't beat sitting on our little porch looking down the valley full of flowering treees. We enjoyed the pool - will second the motion that a few more pool umbrellas would sometimes be nice, but it usually wasn't that crowded - and having a little bit of a walk from the parking lot to the room was a bonus as far as we were concerned (and it's easy enough to get a drive from staff in a golf cart if needed). No problems with insects of any kinds and no geckos in our room, though we did talk to another guest who had them. Loved the cats wandering around and the wide variety of birds, including the ducks who liked the front fountain. We found the staff very friendly and helpful - though in a 'laid-back' Hawaiian way, which didn't bother us. On holiday we're trying to escape high-intensity work and urban life, and the whole ambience of Makaha Resort was perfect for relaxing and putting things into perspective.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mbscloss
<Content>Too Far away from everything! Driving is Stressful! Not vacation Friendly!! Makaha is a small resort that is very aged. This is not a recommended hotel for Seniors. The parking is about a quarter mile from the rooms, part of that is inclined. The front office staff is not at all helpful. The restaurants are overpriced and under staffed. The food is nothing more than ordinary. Locals are often crashing at the property. You will see entire familys of the staff bbq鈥檌ng or taking over the one small pool. The local area is not tourist friendly. You will see lots of graffiti and signs saying 鈥渘o hauli鈥?which is slang for white people. In addition to the hotels lack of staff and deteriorating conditions, the hotel is an hour to an hour and a half drive to Honolulu, and Waikiki. That is in mild traffic. Rush hour can cost an extra hour or more. Although the resorts mascot is a peacock, there are none to be found on the grounds. The grounds of the property are inhabited by stray cats and ducks. A cat actually ran into our room during our stay and we had to wrestle him to leave. All buildings have a view of another building. There is no scenery. The resort offers some activities, but you need to sign up for them and you will be subjected to a tour of the villas, which are timeshare properties. Because this hotel was so far away from the attractions of Hawaii, we were forced to spend evenings in our room watching the fuzzy 19鈥?TV that does not offer movies or any extras. There are no restaurants in the vicinity to dine at. The beaches near the hotel are locals beaches. You do not want to be out at night and there was a lot of police activity along the road at night. The beaches themselves are home to tent cities. Numerous homeless have camped out along the stretch. We only visited Papaoneone beach to see the Sea turtles. We were brief. The surf on this side is typically too rough to enjoy the water. The best beaches for tourists are Waikiki and snorkeling at Hanauma Bay.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>Destelle
<Content>Absolutely Loved It. Hi,I felt it was quite necessary to write a review of this Resort as, after reading some of the negative reviews, I was quite leery about going there for 2 weeks. Well...I was quite pleased that we did. We are timeshare holders and had a lovely room with a king size bed/table and chairs/fridge and a private balcony. Although our room was quite near the main bldg. we did walk around the complex a few times just to get some exercise in. For older people...they might find this a long walk to get to the main bldg. and parking area...HOWEVER..there are staff that ride around on golf carts all day just shuttling people back and forth. All you have to do is call the front desk and ask them to come pick you up.  We found the food in the formal restaurant a bit expensive but the food in the Lounge was great and to our liking. We also found a great little family run restaurant in town called Beaches and would stop there on our way back from day trips. Our room was on the ground floor and I only saw two cockroaches all the time we were there. I just went to Walmart and got some coackroach traps and ended that problem. BTW Walmart is on Kunia Road off of H1. I was glad I found that as I was able to pick up a few articles that I had forgotten to pack. :)We met a lot of people while we were there and I kept asking how they found their rooms (clean/dirty) and the only complaint I heard was that there was a small gecko in one of the bathtubs when they first arrived. THIS IS AN ISLAND AND CREATURES LIVE HERE ALSO.....expect to see some. I talked to one man that had stayed in a hotel in downtown Waikiki and he said they had coackroach traps in every corner of the hallways and rooms....so this is Island life. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and, if the service was a little slow at times....Heh,....we were in Hawaii and doing things on Hawaiian time. :) All in all, this resort was a very pleasant surprise for me and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a bit of Old Hawaii scenery and peace and quiet. The golf course was also in great shape although we only golfed once. We had our own car so did quite a few day trips. I had printed off a copy of Things not to miss for a trip of a lifetime in this forum. The tours were great and saved us a lot of money doing them on our own. People make a lot of commotion about the tents on the beaches but I found out that a lot of them are single mothers who can just not afford the high rentals of apts. so they all settle in there and watch over each others children. Of course you always have the homeless that jump on the wagon and then it starts getting overpopulated and not looking so clean. Apparently they do a Beach Sweep every once in awhile and send them off to shelters but they don't like the rules there and end up back on the beach. The old saying though is If you don't bother them, they won't bother you. As far as theft happening from your car...if you leave something valuable in your car...be prepared to not have it when you come back. This is not only an Hawaii problem but is found everywhere, just this pass week we had a lady park her car to take her 3 dogs for a walk. Left her purse in the back seat, of course, covered by her coat....and when she got back her back window had been smashed in and purse gone. Go figure..:(I guess you can tell by now that we really enjoyed Hawaii/The Makaha Resort and all the beauty that surrounds it. I recommend it highly.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>tripann
<Content>Nice resort for adventurers Stayed here a full week. Enjoyed how quiet it was, and liked the fact that it was away from busy, commercial Waikiki.Completed our open water diving at Ocean Concepts. Good staff there. A little disappointed in the seascape, although we saw lots of colorful fish. Had fun body surfing on Makala Beach. We were told to stick to beaches with lifeguard chairs, and park near the chairs. Really enjoyed Hanauma Bay snorkelling - go early, like before 9am. Market at Aloha Stadium is fun and prices much better than in Waikiki. Open Wed/ Sat/Sun.I'd highly recommend Orchids in Halekulani Hotel for romantic dinner.Ate breakfast and dinners at resort, and enjoyed them all. Friendly staff. Pool water was a good temperature - would like to see more umbrellas over the pool chairs to protect from the sun.Walk to room is a bit long, but good exercise. Found lack of internet in room to be inconvenient. Room was clean and we had no issues. Lots of room for the 2 of us. Would definitely like to see kitchenette in rooms, which most other Fairmont resorts have.Enjoyed the hike into the Makaha valley with Gene, booked through the resort. It's fairly strenuous though.When you rent a car, get a GPS unit - it made travelling around the island very easy.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>jog33
<Content>Has it's problems, but depends on what you're looking for!       A view of the grounds from the buildings toward the lobby  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	2	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Rhontel
<Content>Beautiful grounds Waianae is not the paradise that you would expect in Hawaii. But when you come upon the resort it all changes. We had a beautiful view with flowers and trees. The birds are friendly and we enjoyed feeding them along with the ducks, peacock and cats that run around the grounds. Don't worry, they don't bother you unless you want them to. We did see a mongoose here and there along with a centerpede and gecko.That's all part of Island living. We enjoyed being away from Wakiki and the traffic there. We were able to get around the Island without any problem.The bad points are the tent people all over Waianae beaches. You can't enjoy the beaches there. Not that we encountered any problems with them. We just stayed away.We did have one encounter at a beach from someone who didn't appreciate people from the main land. He tried to get into our car when we were on the beach. We left after a brief encounter with him. One couple had their trunk broken into..........lesson one- never leave anything in your trunk. There are those that look for rental cars and make their living braking into the trunks.Only major problem at the resort was that we waited three hours for our room to be ready, they compt us 2 desserts and 2 breakfasts for the wait. We had 2 days the maid never showed up, not a biggy though. Food was OK. Burger was great. (no restaraunts close by unless you want Mc Donalds, KFC or Burger King. Hotel wait staff were a little slow. We usually had to track them down when we were done eating or needing something.All in all........great view, nice people, beautiful clean grounds, comfy room (take a second floor), great weather. We will go back without a doubt.Oh, another thing. Plan on hiking a lot. You can't drive to where the rooms are. You do a lot of walking. this is not the place for someone who can't hike. A great place for exercise though!Parking lot gets quite full at night so you walk even further.Give it a shot.............we had a nice time.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	5	2	2	3	

<Author>bocker1
<Content>poor experience Rooms were old, dirty full of mice and cockroaches. Staff was horrible un helpful, even swore at us.If you are travelling with kids don't bother have to drive everywhere, will never stay there again, and will never recomend anyone to stay there.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>funseeker93
<Content>Great for seclusion If you are looking for a trip with lots of tours this is not for you. If you are looking to get away and relax this place is great. The staff is very nice. If you have a problem just ask them to fix it. The resturant is pretty good. You can tell this is not the newest resort but they are continually doing small upgrades. It is very quite and the view is of the mountains. One complaint I do have is there is no jacuzzi. If you play golf this place will work for you. If you are going to stay here I would suggest renting a car. Now the down side. The drive up from the city can be discouraging. The drive is long and the area surrounding the resort is poor. You will see some homeless. I patronized the local buisnesses and they are like any stores in a major city. The beaches down the hill from the resort are not tourist friendly. If you ask the staff they will tell you what beach to go to a little farther up the way. If the purpose of your trip is to hit the beach I would probably not pick Makaha.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	2	3	5	5	4	

<Author>jthomp626
<Content>Great Time I stayed at the Makaha Resort in September and loved it!!! My mother and I went there for her highschool reunion and the staff did a great job dealing w/ us! No we were not that bad but it was great! The layout was beautiful!!! I would most definatly stay there again!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>USA808
<Content>Take it from a local... an ideal spot for serenity and relaxation!!       Sunset and golf course view  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Familymanof3
<Content>Makaha - Some good - But Mostly Be Aware! Magnificant views of mountains and ocean - great amenities but what a disappointment. Pool is freezing. Rooms are old, not clean, meaning we needed to put towels on the furniture, they haven't been replaced in 15 years, I'd say. Still, many would say, it's passable because the amenities are great, pool is cold but if the sun is shining, then you can get used to it. But when you add the Gecko Lizards in our room for the first 4 nights. Not good. Cleaning staff said, oh they're good, they eat the bugs. Ok, we thought, we're here to have fun. They have a great basketball court, tennis courts, pool table, ping ping - all free to use. But we got next to no sleep. And it's hard enough to sleep when you are away from home, but with geckos chirping thru the night, we were bummed. I read other reviews before we came and some mentioned the geckos and the poverty of the area and that there was nothing to do. I also read the management's follow-up to the reviews and they said they were fixing these problems. Nothing is being fixed. The area is very poor. People living in cars, in tents along the entire leeward shore. Interesting to observe for a couple of days but it's tough to watch, grungy villages and sketchy characters. We go away to treat ourselves and to get away from all the hardships. It's hard to say too much bad, considering the social problems, but be aware. Oh yeah, we never experienced it but hotel staff warned us about Smash and Grabbers. So don't leave anything valuable, visible thru your car windows. say that 5 times fast. The reviews were right, read them if you have time - if you want a simple breakfast, Makaha was too expensive, so you got to go to Ko'Olina or Honolulu. There are fast foods joints, Taco Bell and KFC but they are not appealing in their presentation or their cleanliness and who wants that stuff in Hawaii. We tried a couple local places but they were not clean. The area again is very poor - like Detroit poor. We ended up going to Ko'olina area and found jamba Juice in Kapolei - protein smoothies for breakfast, it was great, about $4.50 each. Note. there is reasonable burgers and sandwiches in the clubhouse at Makaha ($8-12) kids ($5-9), plus nice view of golf course.   We saw cockroaches in the bedroom, so maintenance came, looked, could only find cockroach feces in the dresser drawers, so they left us a can of insecticide. I said no, lets turn some furniture over and sure enough, a 3-inch mother cockroach flew to the wall and maintenance guy killed it with his hand.  Staff is nice and all ... but they all pass the buck. Maintenance says, ask management Management says, It's not our fault, it's the owners. And of course the owners aren't around. You're left feeling unsatisified, unimportant, just kinda crappy. This hotel put us in a studio and tried charging us for a one-bedroom suite. We had a 4 month advance booking. Only after 4 days did they finally get us into the right size room and give us a food credit at the resort, shortchanging us about $100 - but at some point you give up - who needs THAT feeling on vacation. Be aware. I'd say if you don't mind getting little sleep, then 2 nights at this place is a good deal, golfed 9 holes for $45 with a cart. Hit balls for $7 (large bucket), kids had putting contests on the practice greens....but be aware, the longer you stay, the better the odds are, you are going to get an ugly experience and no recourse with the hotel. In the end, the hotel doesn't care. Unrequited Potential. I look forward to reading about improvements. yeah right. After all that, we did love Ko'Olina resort (Fia Fia show), Outrigger on the Beach (crazy busy, insufficient elevators) and Embassy Suites in Waikiki, Haleiwa on North Beach (visit Planet Surf, Killer Tacos, Thai restaurant), and Kailui on the east shore exellent white sandy beaches, not crowded, good amenities, great drive along the shore. Be Aware of the highway thru the tunnel - high - very high and scarey. After one trip thru we avoided it. Waikiki is a very busy area - I mean like sardines on the beach - still, lots to watch, good fun to be had, kids loved the waves, having access to the sandy beach - great Market Place for shopping for value. I'd do 7 days in waikiki with no car. We did Turtle Bay and it's worth 2 nights but it's old and tired for the money they want. Basic Holiday inn room for $300/night. Try it short term. Lots to do. Made some mistakes. Had big fun overall. Hang loose.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>klag
<Content>Makaha Resort       from the end of our unit  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TMANZ
<Content>It Was Perfect!!! Well, we just got back from a week stay at the resort and have realized that we should listen to others (all the time). This place was prefect. Clean rooms, very nice resort properties, the food was outstanding and the staff very excellent to deal with right from the manager - Randy Lehr to the grounds keepers. The buildings are not new, but they are well kept. The grounds were beautiful and very well groomed. It is a long drive to the resort, but once you arrive, it was quiet and relaxing. We ate at that the restuarant twice, once for the supper menu and once in the bar for pizza. Both meals were exceptional and the price was average (and live music to boot). So, if you are thinking about this place, ignore the odd poor review, as it is a beauty in the mountains of Oahu. TIP - get groceries at the Safeway or Kmart before you head north, across from the Hawaiian Water Park.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TrilobiteRay
<Content>Really Enjoyed Makaha and Area       Yokohama Bay beach  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	3	4	5	4	

<Author>TravelBlessed
<Content>A Resort Truly Reminiscent of Old Hawaii, we loved it!       Poolside in the morning  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>julyfrock
<Content>Good deal for short stay in Oahu We were nervous about choosing a place that was a little far away from waikiki but were pleasantly surprised at how close and easy the drive was to the airport and how beautiful and lovely the grounds were of the hotel. the rooms are very private and you feel like you are in your own cottage, simple but cute and comfortable rooms and amazing grounds. the restaurant is nothing to write home about, the food is not fresh hawaiian food, recommend leaving the grounds for meals or bringing it back and eating in the room or on your porch. the restaurant is pretty though. the pool is absolutely beautiful and the staff are very nice. They seem to have a problem with theft, I read some reviews about theft and we also had some items that were missing but we were reimbursed and they were very nice about it. All in all, i recommend the hotel if you are staying for a few days in Oahu before heading to the other islands.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	2	2	4	3	

<Author>MrsWillis
<Content>We LOVED staying at Makaha       My Son Enjoying a Jump in the Pool  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ilovemysailor
<Content>Hated it!!!!!!! Let me start with the location of this place. If any of you have been to Oahu already you must know that Waianae is not the best neighborhood on the island.....it's far from everything and it's not the safest place to be..... Anyway... here is my story: I had just gotten married and moved to Oahu from the Mailand to join my husband who was stationed at Pearl Harbor. We stayed at the Makaha Resort for about 4 days while we waited for a house on base to be move in ready. Before arriving at the resort I thought we would enjoy it ( I guess the name resort can be a little misleading). The staff there seemed friendly and we had travelled for a while and were tired. When we got to our room the bathroom wasn't very clean, it had cob webs and dead bugs. We all took showers and laid down to take a nap when I saw something running across the room. Believe it or not it was a rat! We called the office and they said Oh no problem we'll set a mouse trap for you ( like it was something they dealt with everyday). We asked to be moved to a different room which they did but weren't very happy to do. When we were moving our bags we noticced that one of them had been placed ( no joke!) on top of a dead cockroach. They moved us to a new room which was a little cleaner. We were hating our saty there and put some pressure on the housing people to hurry up so we could leave. After about 4 days we were glad to find our house was ready and we left the Makaha Resort with a bad taste in our mouths. When we got to our new place and we started unpacking our bags I realized all of my lingerie that I had bought for my honeymoon was gone. I had everything in a plastic bag inside one of my suitcases. If anyone of you buys lingerie you know how expensive it is. I had about $600.00 worth of it in the bag. As gross as that might sound there are people out there who wear used lingerie from someone else. I also noticed all of our Halloween costumes we missing as well. When my son checked his backpack, he couldn't find his Gameboy along with all the games he had. These were all things we had seen at the hotel in our suitcases but were stolen when they were cleaning the room. We called the hotel and asked them about it and of course they denied it and said they had no idea what we were talking about. It was their word against ours and we had no recourse. Please do not stay at this place. I understand that some reviews about this place might be ok but my story is all true. Don't take a chance with this place it is not worth it!!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>mrkane
<Content>Only O.K. for us... My wife and I were flying into Honolulu to start out our Hawaiian vacation. We wanted to stay at a decent, though inexpensive, hotel on Oahu, so I went to Priceline. That said, I made a mistake on Priceline.com and selected the entire island (versus ONLY Waikiki Beach area), and received the Congratulations e-mail from Priceline that I had been booked at the Makaha Resort.I read some reviews on Tripadvisor and other sites, so have to say that I was VERY CONCERNED about this property prior to our arrival. I would have to say that I was VERY pleasantly surprised once we arrived...As other reviews have stated, you do drive through a couple of seedy areas on the way up to the Makaha, but it's not even close to as bad as some others have described; in fact, my wife and I found the drive up the resort to be a beautiful and relaxing end to our couple of days on the island.As well, the property is beautiful (picture a top of the line resort in the '70's)...the staff was absolutely wonderful and accomodating, and we were very pleased with the hotel overall...The room was the worst part...I have read that the resort is in the middle of renovations; I hope that our room was not yet part of those renovations, as it was very dated and musty. That said, my wife always gives me a hard time as being a hotel snob, yet I enjoyed our couple of days here.My favorite part was heading to the restaurant on-site...we went there late on a Saturday night to grab some food in the bar area. There was a great little live group playing music, so we thought great...we'll have some fun entertainment with some 'bar food'! We couldn't have been more wrong...the food was EXCELLENT and very well priced...that, coupled with the wonderful wait staff and the live entertainment, make the restaurant a must-stop while at this hotel.The bottom line is that I would not want to spend my entire vacation here (not because it's bad, but because it's pretty out of the way)...BUT, the Makaha Resort is an excellent place to spend a couple of nights as your 'base camp' while on Oahu...  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>wichitajayhawkfan
<Content>Great Relaxing Resort My husband and I just returned from a week at Makaha Golf Resort. It was a fabulous place to stay. We did not want the city life but instead craved relaxation and rest and got plenty of it at Makaha. We had excellent service from the staff! They were very friendly. Our room was wonderful. It had a partial ocean view and golf course view. It made waking up in the morning worth it!! Our room was a king size hotel room type. The furnishings were fine and bathroom was clean. We had made service every day. We did have the friendly gecko to keep us company, but that is what is expected on a tropical island.The grounds were beautiful. We did not mind the walk to our room. We were in one of the furthest rooms from the lobby area but enjoyed the walk and exercise. They did provide shuttles if we felt the need. We did not use the pool, but looked nice. We did use the exercise room once, machines were ok but could stand some upgrades. We did not eat at the hotel.The distance from Honolulu was what we wanted, so do expect a nice little drive into Honolulu if that is where you want to be. There were the before mentioned tent cities on the beaches, but not all of the beaches. We drove further north and found several nice beaches to relax on and were not crowded or even busy at all. The water on the leeward side was not the best for swimming as November starts the rainier, rougher water season. But still very nice for watching the dolphins swim. We did enjoy Ko Olina resort about 15 minutes away for snorkeling and nice dining options, also the Paradise Cove Luau. There really aren't a lot of nice fine dining choices close by but we did not mind. We did eat the fast food choices more often. We did find a nice little restaurant called Beaches which was closer to Nanakuli, food was excellent and owners were very nice. We did not get to enjoy the mango bread from the lady down the street, but would have done so if it had not been raining.Overall, this was a wonderful trip. The resort was just right for a couple wanting some alone time and a quiet, peaceful atmosphere. We did not mind the drive into honolulu but would recommend getting a car if staying at this resort. We drove all over the island so we did not have a problem with the distance or location.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>LionFred
<Content>Great Vacation Spot       Looking from Patio  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skaterguy05
<Content>Save yourself the hassel Well, sorry to say that this was not the Resort we were looking for. 1) You have to travel to the completely isolated area of the island. 2) The Rooms look like something out of the 80's . 3) The Fleas and Roaches are everywhere. I was so disgusted with the rooms that we slept in our clothes. We left after 1 night. 4) The grounds look like they have not been kept up in over 30 years. 5) There was no other activities besides golf , tennis or swimming at the small dated pool.Save yourself the trouble and pay a few extra $$ for a real resort in Waikiki or Honolulu.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	1	

<Author>wishIwasTravelling
<Content>Nice place       scenic picture of area  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>HonestOpinionHere
<Content>Decent, but too far away We just got back from our stay in Makaha Resorts. The hotel was pretty decent, the staff was warm, and the service was good. But it is too far away from any tourist or fun activities. There are no places around to eat as well. We had to drive for atleast an hour to get anywhere....e.g. waikiki...north shore is almost 2 hours drive. So if you are staying here, a car rental is a must...our advice is, unless you are into golfing, please don't bother to stay at this resort. You will end up spending most of your time driving to and fro!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	4	3	

<Author>CouplesNews
<Content>Really Awful Resort This resort is really far from anything nice. Its in a remote location- a good 1hr away from dining, nightlife, airport, attractions, fun and more. Maybe great for golfers. Lots of bugs, nothing good to eat. Staff was unfriendly and SLOW. Checked out 2 days later. Rooms were small, dirty and uncomfortable. Best Advice- If you're going to travel to Hawaii, please do it right and don't get stuck in the mountains at this terrible hotel.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	2	

<Author>Billard
<Content>Beautiful but far away Our family of 5 stayed in a Junior Suite for 3 nights in July after staying 3 nights in Honolulu. I booked this hotel because my husband is usually tired of the city after a few days so I wanted something a little more relaxing away from the city. This resort is definitely away from the tourist areas and the drive to the hotel was a little scary. There are locals living in tents along the beach front. I was becoming a bit uneasy as we made our way to the resort. However, it was beautiful once we arrived. The grounds are so lovely. I wish I played golf because the course looked wonderful. The grounds were covered with beautiful flowers and we really enjoyed watching the peacocks and other birds. We had breakfast on the restaurant balcony each morning which provided a view and a very tasty breakfast. We had dinner in the restaurant one evening, but it was quite pricey. Ask to see a menu before you sit down if you are on a budget. We had the Mahi Mahi and it was excellent. The staff was amazingly friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our stay, but we will probably stay in Honolulu if we get the chance to return to Oahu. If you are a golfer or someone looking for a place that's beautiful and away from the crowds, Makaha Resort is the place for you.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	5	5	3	

<Author>knotical
<Content>Makaha Resort adequate Stayed for two weeks while visiting relatives in Ewa.The good: - The staff was polite. - The shower, bed, and air conditioning were adequate. - The cost was significantly lower (by better than two-to-one) than the Ihilani. - The grounds are generally well maintained, and the setting is pleasant. - Solid construction. We never heard the neighbors above us.The not-so-good: - A few days before leaving home, I called the Makaha Resort to re-confirm late arrival and non-smoking rooms. I was told that our requests were noted. When I asked if 鈥渘oted鈥?meant that we might not get a room at all, let alone non-smoking, I was told 鈥測es鈥? I modified our plans so we arrived a few hours earlier and we got the room we requested, but the uncertainty was unpleasant, and the change of plans should not have been necessary. - Our room (E504) needs a facelift. Everything is old and worn or rusted, but functional. - Our toilet kept running after each flush, so I adjusted the float arm. While doing so I removed some pieces of broken mirror from inside the tank. - When we asked on the first day that the batteries in the TV remote control in our room be replaced, they did it the very next day, but: Later that second day, we asked that a burnt out bulb in our room be replaced, and that the TV remote control in the exercise room be repaired. Never happened. - Debris (plastic cups, etc.) in the lawn outside our patio that was there when we arrived on Sunday was finally picked up on Thursday. - The jogging path shown on a map/sign near our room doesn鈥檛 exist. - Our keys both died on our third day. They blamed it on us, not accepting that it could have been their failure to program them correctly. They died again on our thirteenth day, but at least they didn鈥檛 try to blame us again. - Daily maid service was generally adequate, although sweeping/vacuuming happened only occasionally. On our eleventh and twelfth days we had no maid service. Had we not notified the front desk, who knows how long they鈥檇 have continued to skip us? When I notified them, they decided all we needed that night was two bath towels. I never got to discuss washcloths, soap, coffee, etc.  - Linen change was only weekly.Neutral: - We had a few insects, but this is the tropics. - We never ate in the restaurant. We did look at the breakfast buffet one morning, but the variety/quality/price sent us elsewhere.Would we stay there again? Perhaps, but not until after an extensive effort to find a reasonably priced alternate.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	3	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>Standby_Hitchhiker
<Content>Depends on What Yoou Want We were assigned this facility as a time-share exchange ( a topic for another review). The hotel (NOT a resort) was tired. It may have been very nice 15 yrs ago, but it is way past its prime. We had ants in our rooms, housekeeping and the manager were called, and they gave a can of bug spray. The ants became a part of our vacation-they stayed with us for the whole week. The lanai was nice. The airconditioning was nonexistant. The furniture was old, but functional. The minfridge did not keep anything cold (but it did help keeping the ants out of our food). The grounds were ok. Long hike from the parking lot to our buildiing. The location is---far from everything. No restaurants other than fast food drive ins within 50 minute drive ( except for one little diner named Hanneras-not bad, and inexpensive). The onsite restaurant is ok-expensive, not great. The concierge is actually an agent of a tour company-she would not give us any recommendations for anything other than the products and tours she sold. The front desk was friendly, but didn't help solve any problems. My final; bill had a $65 miscellaneous charge on it, that no one could explain-it was taken off, but check your bills carefully. Pool was wonderful..noisey. We had no trouble with the neighborhood beaches. We just left our car windows open, car unlocked, and nothing in it. Nice surf shop at the intersection of the Farrington Highway and the Makaha Valley Road. Friendly and helpful. A main water pipe broke one night. We were without water for 12 hrs, including sinks, toilets, ice machine, and air conditioning. To compensate, they gave us coupons for $10 for breakfast, where the cheapest item was continental buffet at $10.95. All in all, a very non-memorable hotel, in an inaccesible location. If you want to get away from everything, in a basic environment, this is your place. If you want to see Oahu like the brochures, expect to do a lot of driving.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	3	3	3	

<Author>hairybz
<Content>beautiful grounds We just returned from a week stay and other than the Resort being located on the far west side of the island, we had a wonderful time. I am not sure I would call this property a Resort , no spa, althought golf is very popular. The staff was very helpful and nice. If you don't mind driving an hour each way to other part of Oahu than this is worth the money. Makaha is an older property and the rooms reflect this, however they are kept very clean and everything is well maintained.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	1	3	2	5	3	

<Author>BarneyCT
<Content>Felt like the real Hawaii The site was beautiful with Plumeria trees planted along all the walkways, making the fragrance almost intoxicating. Our rooms had a view of the golf course, the ocean and the mountains. We sat on the lanai early in the morning and enjoyed the view over coffee. The room was older, but well kept and clean, with a very comfortable bed. We appreciated the refrigerator and coffee maker. The layout was gorgeous, the pool was great. The only downside is that you have to park up at the lot and either walk or ask for a hotel golf cart to take you to your room. The hotel took care of our bags both ways and delivered them to our cars when we checked out. Personnel was very pleasant and accommodating. It was a ride to get to this hotel, but we avoided the traffic and noise of Waikiki, which was our goal.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LTWSaskatoon
<Content>Fantastic covers it all.Will go back L/M Westfall.Saskatoon Sk. CanadaStayed at the Makaha Golf Resort for 5 wks. May 18-June 22/2007We had the best holiday that we have ever had. The Makaha resort staff were the most polite helpful people that you could imagine. The golfing was great. Thanks to a great layout. The grounds crew were very pleasant and friendly. The pro shop staff were the best that you could hope for. The starters were just the greatest bunch of guys you could ask for. Director of golf Ron Kia'aina Jr. and Head Pro. Stacy Amann were just great. More than happy to look after your needs. People must realize that your on holidays and you do need a car to get there. Welcome to the real world people. Would we go back. Yes we would. And we are going to go back.There have been to many unfounded complaints on Makaha Resort and i would just like to calarify that.Thank You Makaha for a great holiday.L/M Westfall.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Rusty_Shackelford
<Content>Fleas and Cockroaches This place was depressing. Our room was like a college dorm without the colorful posters. It was dirty and musty with a film on every surface. We had cockroaches crawling on our stuff and fleas biting our ankles in the first hour. *The toilet didn't work.*The landscaping was probably lovely ten years ago, but now they hack at the mature plants and brutally top trees instead of removing them. Our lanai was tiny and dirty. It looked like it hadn't been hosed off in a year. The pool was milky looking and chained-off for everyone's benefit. I felt bad for the poor woman at the desk. She was one of two employees we encountered and she was very helpful and had a genuine alohaspirit. The lovely valley was ruined by a ridiculously intrusive and ugly multi-story condo complex set up against the mountain wall. The local beaches had scary homeless camps elbow-to-elbow for miles, and the town was an ugly third-world looking stretch of gas stations and liquor stores. Needless to say, we bailed, and were fortunate enough to get into the amazing Marriott Ihilani down the road in Ko Olina. If you're going to fly from the mainland - and especially if you have children - do not under any circumstances try to save a buck by staying at this miserable place. There are plenty of quiet guesthouses in nice towns (like Kailua) at the same price point with decent suites, kitchens and appliances, and have clean pools.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	2	

<Author>GryphonOntario
<Content>Higher then expected We booked this resort without much prior information except from what we read online, which I realised isn't always true (Maybe those people expected a 5 star hotel and a valet!!). Actually it turned out to be much better than I expected. The parking lot was very safe and almost full our whole stay there. The scenery and location is beautiful and peaceful. The price was very resonable, and the resort and our room was nice and clean. The staff were very friendly and the housekeeping did an excellent job.It is out of town, so if you don't mind the ~45min drive (or longer during rush hour) it is a great place to be. In terms of food, we tried the resort restaurant, nearby fast food and even bought some of our own snacks and juice/soda from a nearby plaza. The room was like any standard hotel room, had tv, telephone, closet, ironing board, clean bathroom, was carpeted and a small fridge.Overall we stayed for 5 nights and it was an excellent stay!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hi-desertraveler
<Content>Good value       Makaha Resort  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>melargo
<Content>The Price is Rigth but... Our stay was from April 13th to 18th. The reason we chose the Makaha Resort was because my wife was attending a Mary Kay seminar being held there and the fee was $99 per night. The location in Waianae was not an issue since I used to live on Oahu and knew my way around. Negatives...1) Our room B207 was adequate but in need of an upgrade. The television was small and there was no remote. The fan in the room was very dirty.2) Staff...though friendly, at times there were not enough of them in the restaurant or in transporting guests from the lobby after check in to their assigned rooms via motorized carts.3) Waianae...not all of the locals welcome visitors.4) If you've ever been to a resort like The JW Marriott Cancun, Turtle Bay Resort Oahu, Hyatt Regency Maui Resort  Spa or The Venetian Resort Hotel  Casino in Las Vegas then you will know that the word resort does not apply to this hotel and golf course in Waianae. Positives...1) Price $99 per night2) Overall...friendly staff3) The golf course looked beautiful and the surrounding mountains were very scenic.4) Housekeeping did a good job each day we returned to our room.The Makaha Resort Golf Club is about 40-50 minute drive from the Honolulu airport. If you choose to stay there...rent a car. This place has a lot of potential but then you'd be paying a lot more than $99 per night. I would recommend this location for the price. It's a good place to crash and store your stuff since you'll more than likely be out and about i.e. North Shore, Waikiki, Haunama Bay etc.I would not return unless the owners of this property made some major enhancements.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>mrs.thanks
<Content>Off the beaten path, beautiful, affordable, and peaceful       One of the many flowers that can be found all over the property - we used it as an accessory  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	4	5	

<Author>kraig23
<Content>Nice getaway, no major complaints       View from our lanai  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>S&S07
<Content>Waaay to Far Out- This is NO Resort Though the staff were kind, nothing could make us stay a day longer. We cut our reservations short after only 1 night. You have to drive thru rough parts of town to get to what was once a nice resort- maybe 30 years ago...?The rooms were sad and and the beach nearby is not safe or nice. Save yourself the trouble and book something in North Beach or Waikiki.This place is defo not a resort! More like a Motel 6...  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rosygirl
<Content>Good and Bad at Makaha We stayed at the Makaha Golf Resort for a week while my husband participated in a course there. The big negative was that when you go to a place that calls itself a resort you expect that certain things will be available. We emailed the resort from Australia 3 times before we got there trying to find out how we should get there from Honolulu and didn't get any reply. When we got to Oahu I rang them to find out about a shuttle and was told that you need to drive-fine if you have a car but we didn't. That was the extent of the advice I was given. Eventually the doorman at the hotel we stayed at in Waikiki the first night managed to find transport for us ($90 + tip and we were happy to pay it in the end as it didn't look like we were going to get there any other way!). The hotel info says the resort is 45 mins to an hour from Honolulu. The local express bus ,The C bus, takes 2 hours and the 40A takes 2 1/2 hours but of course you can't take luggage on the bus. When we eventually got to our room I noticed in the info that they did say there was a service that they recommend but no one on the desk seemed to know anything about it.The next shock was that although you can use your own laptop if you have wireless internet there is no computer access for anyone who doesn't have their own-this was a huge problem for us as I was going to contact family and friends by internet and also do some of our bookings while my husband was doing his course. Number three shock there were no'supplies' to be had. There is a golf shop with some clothing etc and a snack bar and restaurant but you can't buy anything else -no toiletries, no postcards,no stamps, no milk etc.The front desk staff were nice but seemed to know nothing about anything.The waitresses in the restaurant were overworked but lovely.We had good and bad meals at the restaurant. The Hawaiian buffet the last night we were there was fantastic. Some of the other meals were very ordinary.The guy that seemed to be in charge of the restaurant was nearly always on the phone and walked around with a look of distain on his face the rest of the time. One night after we went to order some dessert we were told that the kitchen closed at 9pm. He offered us free dessert for the next night but it never eventuated. On the plus side the room while tired was a good size and was cleaned every day. If you play golf (we don't) the course seemed to be well kept and the golfers seemed to be happy.The scenery is spectacular and the pool was very clean.The local area was a bit of a shock -others have mentioned the homeless people camping all along the beach front but the litter was a real shock to us too. We did go swimming at Makaha beach and it was beautiful in the water. (new friends from the course took us there). I ventured on the bus into Honolulu one day and found the local people to be helpful when I needed help with changing buses etc-the bus drivers were always helpful too but tend to forget to tell you where to get off as they are busy.Hope this is helpful to anyone who is looking at staying at the resort. to sum up I would say if you are a golfer with a car or if all you want to do all day is sit around the pool and read (with books you have taken with you) then you will probably be happy but for anyone else you need to go prepared.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sheripg
<Content>Quiet Peaceful Getaway This hotel resort is incredibly scenic and the rooms were large with one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. We were a long distance away from the lobby, but were quickly taken to our room by a friendly young man in a golf cart, who carried our heavy bags up the stairs for us. We were in an ocean view room, with large lanai, and woke up every morning to the sound of tropical birds. The front desk clerks could have been a little more pleasant. Halfway through our stay, both of our room keys quit working. Since this is a sprawling property, it was a long walk up to the lobby to get the problem fixed. The clerk did something with the computer and handed back our keys, but never apologized or acted like she understood there was any inconvenience. This is a good resort that could be outstanding with a little more attention to detail. The pool area is gorgeous, but only open dawn to dusk according to the hotel's information. There wasn't a jacuzzi, and the pool area wasn't well-lit after dark, which might be why it closes. It would have been a nice place to end the day's sightseeing if only it were open. Other reviews talk about the remote location, and we spent around an hour each way going into the city. Relaxing here away from the crowds of Waikiki was a great vacation. I traveled with two teens, and they were much happier here than in the city. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>peloza
<Content>Price is best part We booked this hotel because of the price - $89/night. It was way cheaper than most other decent hotels on Oahu, but the trade-off is that this place is WAY out of the way. Don't be fooled when you look at the map and think this place is relatively clost to Honolulu. There is NOTHING nearby except for lots of homeless people down on the beach, and a few fast food restaurants in the couple small towns (and of course the smokestacks from the power plant as soon as you hit the West coast). To get to anywhere else on the island takes at least 45 minutes. The hotel itself is nice, though - if you don't plan on doing much besides lounging at the pool or playing golf then you can't go wrong. But if you want an active holiday out and about, the discounted price will cost you a couple hours extra travel time each day.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	2	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>alerner
<Content>Relaxing If you're willing to deal with the drive past the tent cities and the 'locals only' attitude of the leeward coast, this place is super relaxing and located in a beautiful valley. The guestrooms are large and well kept, though don't expect maid service until late in the afternoon. The common areas are ready for a renovation, but pleasant enough. Try the cocktail menu at the bar for a less expensive, equally filling dinner. The room service pizza is also really good, though a little expensive. Have fun, and don't leave anything valuable in your car if you're stopping anywhere outside of the resort on the leeward coast.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sassie1
<Content>Highly recommend Makaha Resort       Makaha Sunset  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Robwca
<Content>Nice getaway My family decided to take a Labor Day weekend trip to Oahu, and decided to stay at the Makaha Golf Resort. Neither my wife or I are golfers but we like the seclusion from Waikiki. We arrive on Saturday and there were 2 events going on. One was a wedding and the other was an AA convention. The majority of the people staying there were locals so it felt clickish. It started to slow down Sunday afternoon. We had a nice room in the S building facing the mountains and golf course. Staff was friendly and helpful. Nice hotel to stay if you want to get far and way from the hustle and bustle.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>elliot4
<Content>Mixed feelings       View from the Lanai  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>smm648
<Content>Makaha Resort was BEAUTIFUL!!       View from our room  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>rtghy
<Content>Nice to be secluded       View from the restaurant  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wahine06
<Content>Best place to stay on the Leeward Coast!       View from the restaurant  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shorty20
<Content>Not Bad, but not great either My husband and I spent 5 nights at the resort, and overall thought it was a nice place. The grounds were beautiul, and we had a great view from our room. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our sink started leaking on the second day, and when we came back that night it was fixed. The AC was not working at the time, but they did provide a large fan, and since we only spent our nights there, it got cool enough where it wasn't an issue. The restaurant service was very slow, however. On our first night there was a buffet, so we could start eating right away, and the food was wonderful. The last night of our stay, however, was a different story. We ordered off of the menu and it took an extremely long time for our food to come, and the place was not busy at all. The food was good however, when it finally did arrive.I believe on our next trip we will stay either on the North Shore, or near Waikiki, just to be closer to everything. Overall, not a bad place, but a little too far from all the excitement.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Makaha Resort Sucks Don't waste your money, this place is a dump!!! My family and I spent 3 of the worse days of our lives at this place. The management is worthless and so is the rest of the staff. From check in to check out not one thing they could get right. Dirty rooms, slow service, I could go on and on but it makes me sick to my stomach.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Serenity in Oahu... We stayed at the Makaha Resort in September of 2005. We had a great time. Most of the staff was very friendly, especially the bell hops. (We say most because we did encounter a rude front desk clerk!) The resort grounds very beautifully taken care of. We had no problems with our room, it was clean and we had great views of the golf course and the ocean. We had peacocks visit our balcony every morning. The drive to Waikiki is a little far about 45 minutes but if you don't mind the drive it's no problem at all. To sum it up it was quite serene and peaceful. We'd definately stay there again and would recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not much of a resort. Calls come in at 5:15 am for housekeeping. Apparently the wires are crossed.The walls are very thin and someone left the alarm clock next door to go off at 4:45am not once, but allowed it to happen yet again the following morning! But to make sure you鈥檙e good and awake, the leaf blowers and garden trimmers usually start up at about 9a.The pool is not heated, and believe it or not, that pool is COLD if there has been any wind, which is just about always. As a consequence, I only saw it used twice over a two week period even after several days of hot sunny days. Even then it was used briefly and by children with great cold tolerance. My five year old was shivering after 5 minutes.There is no in room internet access. It is only in the lobby/restaurant building.The toilet leaked every time it was flushed.One of the light fixtures didn鈥檛 work.The over-the-mirror light fixtures in the bathroom were very rusty and the room had a general feeling of neglect and cost saving. There was even a big yellow spot on the middle of our white blanket! Eeew!The only redeeming quality this place has are the service people. They are very friendly and helpful. The management is horrible. One morning I was accosted by a manager in front of the rest of the clientele asking if I had paid for the food I had gathered in a to go bag for my son who was under the weather and staying in for breakfast. It seems it would have been easier to ask the waitress who had served me as she was standing right there!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Peaceful My husband and I stayed 3 nights at the makaha and absolutly loved it! So quiet and peaceful. I heard bird sounds that I have never heard before. We didn't get to the resort until 8:30 pm and Nelson, the young man that took our luggage to our room, said that the buffet was really good. And it was delicious...they even brought out 3 new full trays of food at 9 pm (salmon, hawaiian chicken pot pie and crab legs). We were waited on hand and foot. The rooms were 1960ish but clean.Would go back in a minute just to see the beauty and walk the resort in the peace and quiet! Thanks for a wonderful 3 days!Larry  Brenda Spain  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real review       grounds and mountain  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost perfect ! This resort's location and property are just beautiful. Rooms were very clean, staff was super-friendly. Following are some considerations to keep in mind before deciding if this is the place for you... The location is truly secluded. We did not experience the traffic issues others mentioned, but still a good 45 min drive to Honolulu/Waikiki. Ocean views are definitely distant. Mountain views are amazing. Being a beginning golfer, Makaha's advertisement as being a course great for beginners had a lot to do with our decision to stay there. Definitely a beautiful course, but they stack up the tee-times to the point that any beginner would be very intimidated. We just skipped shots  holes to avoid holding anyone up. All staff were extremely friendly, but the restaurant/lounge service was consistently awful. Friendly is great, until the chatting means you wait 10 minutes after the food arrives to get silverware, or 15 minutes after dessert to get the coffee you asked for. Lack of other dining options makes this particularly tough to take. Also, the lounge doesn't open until 10:30 or 11:00, so no Bloody Mary with breakfast! The property is quite spread out, so if lots of walking is tough on you, make sure your room is near the front office/parking lot.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet, wonderful piece of unspoiled Hawaii If you're looking for a beautiful quiet place to enjoy Hawaii, this is it. If you want night life and action close by, it isn't. We stayed there from November 17 to 20, 2005. The mountain and ocean views are spectacular, and my husband says the golf course is great. We had read lots of previous reviews of the place, and arrived at 10:30 PM with some trepidation. The staff couldn't have been more helpful or more pleasant. Our room was huge, and very clean, though the furniture showed some slight signs of wear. We only ate breakfast in the restaurant, as it was included in our internet special rate. We got to choose any item on the menu, and they were all excellent. The waitresses were extremely friendly and efficient, and eating breakfast on the large veranda with a view of the ocean was wonderful. The only wildlife we saw inside, was one small centipede in the room, but living in the tropics, we know they are inevitable. We didn't use the pool, but it looked very clean and attractive. The drive to Honolulu is about an hour and traffic can be intense, but if you're looking for a tranquil place to retreat to after a full day in the city, this is it. We've travelled a lot worldwide, and consider this a real find. We would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent place; good price My friends and I had two rooms at the Makaha Golf Resort for five days in late October. It exceeded my expectations in light of some of the negative reviews I had read earlier. The rooms were clean, and we found the staff pleasant and helpful. It seemed like everyone was really trying to help us have a pleasant stay and to show off their island to its best advantage. The sunset from the dining terrace is heart-stopping on a clear evening. We did not use the pool, but chose to swim at Makaha beach just down the road. Showers are available at the beach parking lot so you can rinse off the salt water. It is quite a drive out to the resort, and they are working on the only road to get there, so expect traffic. Rent a convertible, and go with the flow. We liked being out of the hustle bustle of Honolulu.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!! We just got back from our trip to the Makaha Golf Resort and loved our stay. It is perfect for the person who does not want the hustle and bustle of the big city. It is up a secluded road about two miles off the main highway located in a really beautiful valley with great views of the ocean and golf course. When we got done with a tiring day of sightseeing it was such a pleasure to go to a hotel where we easily parked our car and had a pretty walk to our room. The place is definetly not a brand new resort but is very adequate with clean rooms and linens. My only complaint with the room was the mini-fridge. Our first one did not work, we requested a second which they responded with a different one in twenty minutes. However the second one worked no better than the first.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel GREAT.....Oahu, ????? We recently returned from a 10 day stay at Makaha Golf Resort. Having read some very negative reviews, we were a bit apprehensive at best. Our stay was really great as far as the hotel itself was concerned. But be aware that it IS very far out of the city and the traffic is HORRIBLE most times of the day. Expect at least an hour into Honolulu and much more traffic after you get there. Also the signage on the roads was not nearly what is is most places on the mainland, so be prepared to make last minute decisions as to off ramps etc and to get honked at a LOT! Maybe if you know exactally where you are going it would be ok, but for tourists, very bad! Hotel was excellent with clean rooms and good service. Food in the area was mostly fast food, and not a lot of them. However we ate in a lot of the local small restaurants and had some great experiences with both the local food and the people as well...very friendly! One other food note. When you turn off the road to go to the hotel, on Saturdays and Sundays, look on your right for a sign that says Mango Bread and stop and get a loaf from the most delightful 82 year old lady that makes it fresh! It will be the best $1.50 you will spend while you are there. My feelings are that if you are looking for a very cheap nice hotel, and don't mind the long drives to get to things, this is the place to go. Very quiet and beautiful grounds. If you cannot handle the bad traffic and long delays, best to stay in town and walk. We have decided that because of the traffic, when and if the time comes to go back to Oahu, we will stay either on the North Shore or the East. Much prettier plants and such there due to the rain on that side of the island. (VERY dry and dead looking on the West side) Also, be sure to get a shave ice or two at Matsumoto's. You won't regret that either! Makaha is a quiet, beautiful place, if that is what you seek.....It just has some drawbacks.....like everyplace does. All in all, we had a great time!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Makaha Resort was Great!! Me and one of my friends stayed a little over a week at the Makaha Resort. We loved our room and everthing in it. The cleaning ladies was very nice and cleaned very well. I loved the location of this resort because if I wanted cramped up city life I would have stayed some where else. The only problem I had was the waitress was very slow and didn't give us much ice in our drinks and didn't refill them as often as she should have. I loved the plumeria flowers there and the view was amazing. They don't get mad at you for picking the flowers either (like most resorts or motels)  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing but the best               More photos  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ehhh..it was ok       The main building/front desk  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Makaha Resort should change the name to Makaha Motel. Makaha Resort? It is at the same level as a motel. The property is less than you would expect with a Motel 6 for quality and service. The prices on the other hand are at par with a upscale resort. My husband and our two children stayed there for 5 nights. Our kids didn't like the cold pool and there is not much else to do for them . My husband played golf and we waited in the room, very boring. We then went to Waikiki for 3 nights and there is so many things to do for me and the kids. My husband could still play golf and we went shopping, movies, restaurants and to the beach. We were afraid to walk around town in Makaha because there were so many bums and homeless people that we didn't feel safe at all. We realize that Makaha doesn't want to show you the homeless on there web site or the bums at the 7-11, but it is not very nice to see when you are on vacation and you think about a resort. They should change the name to Makaha Motel and charge motel prices so people would know what to expect.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Go To Makaha Resort Our golf group stayed at Makaha Resort and it was not an experience that I want to remember. The food was cold and the beer was warm, rooms were dirty and there were bugs everywhere, staff was untrained and looked under managed. Front desk would shut at 11 pm so no more incoming calls are allowed, something from a horror movie. The resort is old and tired, they tried putting a coat of paint on the resort that made it look even worse. The person who picked the paint colors must be color blind. The pool is cold an dirty. The only good think that happened was when we check-out and got out of there. Stay away, this is not worth your time. We purchased on there web site and then found out they were selling it cheaper on other sites, just a bad feeling all around.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation Hell is Makaha I would not recommend the Makaha Resort to anyone, unless I really hated them. We moved 3 times due to problems with the room, either noise, bugs, dirty sheets, or broken bed. On top of that we had to pack and unpack each time we moved - the staff did not accomodate us with anything but just excuses and never said they were sorry. When they do move us we wait 30 minutes for the shuttle. we move the suitcases while the shuttle driver just sits on their lazy rear. My family got sick after eating in the restaurant, while my husband was throwing up in the bathroom the waitress demanded we pay the bill immediately. We walked back to the room in the rain, 5 minute walk, nobody at the resort seemed to care much. We went swimming in the pool and it is ice cold, not heated, nobody tells you that. Pool was dirty with build up on the side and bottom of the pool makes it very hard to hold on. There is no Staff or Managers around because they are a low service high price resort. Where is the manager or anybody when you need someone. My family from California tried to call at 10 pm Hawaii time but the front desk is closed so not calls can come through. What if there is an emergency! Guess they don't care about that either. Just pay your room bill and shut up is the policy for the guests at the Makaha Resort. They do come in first for being the worlds worse vacation resort in the universe. Vacation From Hell.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>vacation from hell! All i can say is i would not recommend this hotel at all! We had to move 4 times due to bookings and problems with either the refrigerator being out and the shower head broke, and air condition leaking. On top of that we had pack and unpack each time we moved - they did not accomodate us with anything but just excuses after excuses - and when they do move us my kids are the ones moving the suitcases while they sit on their shuttles - My kids and my husband went swimming and the feet got cut from the bottom of the swimming pool. My husband said it's on the shallow side of the pool that the bottom is cracking. But kids said if felt like it was sharp rocks in the bottom. Staff what staff - where is the manager when you need one - call the front dest at 11:00 p.m. and security answers and says the front dest is closed - so how does this hotel operate at night if you have an emergency about a shower that's broke and we could not shower until they moved us at 2:30 p.m. the next day - give me a break - this was surely a vacation from hell.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Return to Makaha I stayed at this property back in the 80's (it was a Sheraton then) and always remembered the beautiful valley views and the friendly people. I thought I would try it again after having visited all of the islands, some several times. I'm glad that I came back here. It isn't a Sheraton anymore and it seems to run even better now. It is less fancy than before due to age but it is far more relaxing. The place has a great retro style pool that is classic in its simplicity. A fountain in each corner of the large square pool spill water into the pool all day long; the sound is so relaxing because you are tucked away up in the valley and there isn't much else to hear if you are lounging at the pool. There isn't a Jacuzzi but who needs one when it is 85 degrees outside.The golf course is absolutely the best! Again, not the fanciest but it has a great track and if you can take your eyes off the towering valley walls you can see the ocean from almost every hole on the course.The views from the restaurant and lounge are incredible. Some of the best sunsets that I have ever seen. The lounge had entertainment on the weekend nights if you need some nightlife but don't expect a big party. This isn't the place for that.I would suggest that you book one of the upstairs rooms. There are several buildings spread over a large area that make up the hotel part of the resort. The upstairs rooms have better balconies and views. Also make sure to stop at the store on the way in and pick up some water and room snacks. There isn't a gift/convenience store at the hotel.I won't wait past next year to return to this great little resort. I have been to the big and fancy ones that cost more than they are worth and this one beats them all.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TimHagel
<Content>A Great Escape Makaha is a great place to escape from the hustle  bustle. I found itonline and it sounded like a good deal, I booked a golf package.I am a golfer, but my wife prefers the poolside experience with a good book.She also likes a spa and this resort doesn't have one... it should becausethe place is like a retreat. The golf course is great and it wasn't crowdedat all during the first couple of days we were there, the weekend got alittle busier but that's expected. I still got 27 holes in on a Saturday!There is another course next door but I never left the Makaha Resort afterwe arrived and the 3 minutes they said it would take to get to the MakahaValley course seemed too much of a bother to my laid back schedule.We booked a regular room but upgraded when we arrived to a deluxe room that had a great view of the ocean. It was a great place to watch the sun dip down into the ocean. One word of advice, get some beer, wine, juice, etc. for your room on the way to the hotel because there isn't a sundry store.My wife drove down to a 7-11 about 5 minutes down the road and stocked us up. Even if you don't stock-up the restaurant is pretty reasonable and the food was good, nothing fancy but the friendly service more than made up for it. They seem to do buffets (Breakfast and Dinner) on the busier days but the price is still reasonable and the selection was great.This place is in the country and we did notice a couple of gecko's (littleHawaiian lizards) in the room. We have been to Hawaii several times so this didn't bother us at all since we have had them in all but one of the Hawaii hotels we stayed in regardless of the price.This resort was the best place we have found and because it wasn't pricedridiculously (yet!) we will definitely make it back here on a regular basis.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find! We ended up at this hotel by chance and it worked out great. We decided on short notice to that we needed some RR and quickly discovered that Waikiki was booked solid over the 4th of July weekend. Makaha had rooms and it looked like a good place to get away from it all... exactly what we needed!It's hard to find (and we live in Hawaii) but once you know where it is, it is hard to forget. Except for the off the beach location, I think that this is what many people think of when coming to Hawaii for the first time.If you want a fancy hotel with turndown service and flowers on the pillow this place isn't for you. If you want friendly service and beautiful views of the ocean and valley walls, this is the best place you can find for the money. Yes, it was affordable.We didn't golf but the entire hotel is surrounded by two beautiful golf courses. I had heard of them from some friends who are golf fanatics and they say the hotel course is one of the best on the island.We did get down to Makaha Beach and caught some great surf on a picture perfect 3-5 ft. day! That's Hawaii at it's best!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trashed and Trashy The good first.. nope. No good. Lets move on to why.The bad is everywhere. I blame the GM for this. The staff didn't seem happy at all with him, and the service said it all:Get ready to hike down to your room. Shuttles don't arrive to carry you when you ask for them.The rooms crawl with centipedes and cockroaches. Drying off with a stained towel after a shower makes you want to shower again. Except the shower stall was stained and I didn't want to shower any more than necessary.The food --- stuff that was supposed to be hot was cold. Salads never arrived. My wife and I got sick after eating some fish that was bad.The weight room is really a treadmill and two exercise bikes. The pool is disgusting; I wouldnt let my dog swim there. Don't like to swim or golf? Too bad. Nothing else to do. Nowhere else to go.I asked for the general manager MANY times. Never saw him. I was so upset I visited the office area. Nobody. Lights off, door closed and locked. One staffer told me he was usually out paddle boating or something. In the morning, noon and afternoon? Where the heck is this GM? He must be the owner's brother.I'm not going back there, ever. I'm telling everyone not to go there. This is a terrible place. Save yourself money, time, frustration and the trouble. Spend less money and be happier at a more luxurious hotel, like a Motel 6 or Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Kairbear
<Content>Great landscaping        Poolside at the Makaha  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hawaii at it's Best       Beach Girls  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A small piece of heaven My husband and I returned from a wonderful 16-day vacation (14 of them spent at the Makaha Resort  Golf Club. The resort is approximately 45-minutes from the Honolulu Airport. A car is an absolute must if you want to get around the island. Taxi cab from airport to resort is approximately $98.00 one way (you can rent a car right at the airport for much cheaper than taxi fare, and with unlimited mileage). We put 1,300 miles on our rental car in the 14 days we stayed at Makaha. We saw the entire island with each side having its own distinct personality.The last 15 miles of the drive to the Makaha Resort is a bit shocking at first as the West side of the island seems to have the majority of poorer residents and quite a few homeless people living in old cars right along the highway. We encountered no problems, however, you need to be aware of your surroundings when you are visiting beaches closer to the resort - we saw a lot of burned out cars on the highway - not sure if they were vehicles belonging to tourists, however, wherever one is travelling in the world, you need to be aware of your surroundings. We particularily enjoyed spending time on the Makaha Beach (there is a lifeguard there during the day). There was also a surfing competition the first week we were there. Another beautiful place for beach and safe swimming is Ko Olina (a gated community, however, you can get a pass to swim at the lagoonaus). Ko Olina is about 10 miles south of Makaha Resort.The resort has recently been purchased by a Canadian Timeshare Company (Fairmont), so, anyone familiar with that company knows that in a few years this resort will be fabulous. The resort is under renovations, however, it is our understanding in talking with some of the Fairmont management, that there will be bigger and better renovations coming in the next couple of years.We found the staff to be particularly friendly and helpful and very honest (I lost a $2,000 diamond bracelet one morning and it was found by our waitress who kept it for me). Her name was Charlotte and she is a real sweetheart. Our room was very clean and comfortable. The complex was very quiet at night (most of the visitors at the resort when we were there were mid-50s to mid-70s, approximately 75% of them Canadian). We ate most of our meals at the Makaha Resort restaurant which overlooks the golf course which overlooks the ocean. What a spectacular view! And we had no complaints about the food at all. Although they do not have room service, they will make you a meal to take to your room if you like. We shopped at the local grocery store for a few items and did not find the prices to be any more expensive than we would pay at home. You can buy a 40 oz bottle of Canadian Club whiskey for approximately $9.50 US - the same bottle costs $36.00 in Canada.Our last 2 days were spent in Waikiki - we would have given anything to be back at Makaha. The comparison between the two places is like night and day.We would definately return to Makaha Resort  Golf Club and avoid Waikiki at all costs.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gathersnomoss
<Content>A little slice of heaven for golfers (and others)       One of the Makaha Resort's cabins.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>123bud
<Content>makaha resort golf club out of the main stream   showReview(3283282, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Gypsy101
<Content>Laid back, Friendly   showReview(3282970, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Value, Older Resort       View from outside my room  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Remote in Paradise   showReview(3184303, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't risk your life   showReview(3079785, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it! Went in early Dec 2004   showReview(3022789, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cknman
<Content>Not as bad as expected       a  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Geckos Glore hit the spot   showReview(2879695, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Geckos galore   showReview(2506885, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Peace and quiet   showReview(1378758, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ljrVernon
<Content>A great golf retreat!       Sunset from the restaurant lanai  
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zu weit abgelegen   showReview(17438649, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>du bonheur...   showReview(16591011, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien mais une d茅cepetion cependant...   showReview(11411975, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

