<Author>Smelly_Sock
<Content>Wonderful hotel, affordable and great location We booked our hotel stay for 4 nights about 2 months ahead and got a really good deal through Travelocity for about 88$ per night. The hotel is being renovated, so you cant really see the facade. But, as soon as you enter, its perfect. It's beautifully maintained(everything is brand new). We checked in late at night and the staff was very courteous and helpful. Room service is not 24 hours, that's the only thing you need to watch out for. We asked for and got a room on the 19th floor- away from all the street noise, and with a pretty good view. We had a glimpse of the bay even. The higher floors have even better view but they were still under renovation. The bathroom was clean and housekeeping was excellent. There isn't a business center, but they do have a computer attached to a printer just for printing your boarding passes and checking in online - that's good enough! It's right at the corner of Powell and Sutter - on the cable car line. Getting in at this stop is much better than walking down to union square where the lines are too long. There is a Starbucks right opposite the hotel. Walgreen and Loris diner are right across the street. Everything you could need is a block away at most. I repeat myself, but the location was perfect! Sorry, we forgot to take pics of the room. The bathroom toiletries were from bath and body works. The reception can provide maps and directions to most of the places you would want to visit. Chinatown is just 2 blocks away. Union square is about a block away. I would recommend not driving and parking in SF as the costs are high and public transport is readily available. Most places are a cab drive away at most.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>runtom
<Content>Confortable room--Expensive parking Our single king room on the 8th floor was large, quiet, and comfortable with a coffee maker but no refrigerator. The room was clean and newly renovated. Bed and sheets were comfortable, but the towels were rough. We only stayed Saturday night, and heard zero construction noise. The room had a large desk and comfortable office chair, but the small light on one side did not provide adequate illumination.I thought the room rate of $134 plus tax was a bargain for the area, but parking was $46 plus $6 tax. The nearby Sutter Stockton garage ($33.50) is an option, especially for longer stays.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LVfun
<Content>Great place to stay       2-beds room  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lv2trvlBoston
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We were looking for a reasonably-priced, safe hotel close to all. This exceeded our expectations. I believe that we had a renovated room, it had that new room smell. The room itself is big and modern, nicely decorated. The bathroom is small but has plenty of shelving for our stuff, though it could have used some more towel hooks. We were on the 18th floor so the view was great, a bit scary looking down. They were doing work but it did not bother us since we were out for most of the day. We could hear noise from the outside but it was not bad, only to be expected when staying in a city.The staff was nice and helpful, I had called prior to check-in with some questions and they were very courteous.The location is convenient and safe, we did run into a few colorful characters but no one bothered us. Having the Walgreens open 24 hours a day was great since our luggage was delayed. There are a ton of both small and large restaurants and cafes within a block or two. The bar in the hotel was empty when we walked by, a bit dark with no view. I had to find a flaw and it was the final day when I went to check my email and there were no computers for guest's use. This would have been nice but it would not keep me from staying again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	2	

<Author>nathanSF
<Content>Engagement Night We spent the night of our engagement at Hotel 480 and the staff went out of their way to make it special. They helped me arrange to have champagne and roses waiting in the room. They gave us an amazing suite which was nicely furnished and had a beautiful view.The hotel was in a great location - about a block from Union Square. It was close to our restaurant and the theater district. I was extremely impressed with this hotel and the value. I live in San Francisco and hadn't heard of this hotel until I reserved a room online. For some reason, it seems to have slipped under the radar. Well, I saw pictures of the future upgrades which is going to make this hotel even better and I'm sure it is going to get noticed then.Definitely would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>donkin
<Content>Nice Room, Friendly Staff, Great Location Stayed in one of the remodeled rooms for a long weekend (#1105). Very quiet. Staff was helpful. Location was very convenient to the Union Square / Powell street shopping, Very good rate through Travelocity. Yes, you don't have full hotel restaurant options during the remodeling. We didn't miss it a bit with options in the area. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rihoward
<Content>Mundane but good location       View from our room  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>reuhl925
<Content>Excellent!       View from room!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pressgang
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed in a great hotel, just off Union Square in San Francisco at the end of September. The hotel is being remodelled, is shrouded in scaffolding and missing a restaurant (hence only 4 stars), but the staff were welcoming, the location excellent. Then there was the view. We had a room on the 29th floor facing across the city, giving panoramic views to the bay. The room was a little dated, but the beds were comforatble with new high quality linens and nice smellies in the bathroom.The hotel had an excellent fitness room.We skipped breakfast in the hotel and went to Starbucks or the bagel place just down the road that were both considerably cheaper.Union Square is definately the place to stay if you are a tourist visiting the city. It is close to the shops and restaurants, so is great in the evenings. The hotel is right by the cable car stop so you can go to all the attractions by the bay.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>cdngirl7500
<Content>Price good, average stay with poor front desk service though My husband and I travel frequently to SF and booked the 480 for a week because it had received some very good reviews on Trip Advisor and we got a good deal. The location is great, just a block off Union Square and along the Powell cable car line.We were first put in a renovated room on the 8th floor, facing Sutter and nearly on the corner with Powell. The room was a good size with a king bed, sitting area, great desk and flatscreen TV, and a nice sized bathroom (tub-shower combo). The bed was very comfortable too! The renovated rooms look like the new Marriott Courtyards - one of the staff members told us it may become a Courtyard at some point. Unfortunately, the street noise during the night (a Saturday) was awful. It sounded like the windows were wide open in our room. Honks weren't muffled at all, we could sing along to the music from loud cars, and we actually heard people's conversations from the street! I got up a few times to check the windows and make sure they were all closed - they were. We've stayed in many large cities and in many properties in and around Union Square and have never had this problem. I'm not sure if this issue will eventually be fixed with the renos - right now they're working on the facade of the building and it looks like the glass in the window is thin and only single pane?At any rate, the next morning - a Sunday - we headed down to the front desk to request a room change. The first woman we talked to was helpful and assured us that we could be moved but that they would like to wait until noon or so, when people would be checking out and rooms would be available. She mentioned that it would be good if we were ready to move (i.e., packed) when we came back.When we arrived at noon though - with our bags all packed - there was another woman behind the desk, an older asian lady. From the beginning she didn't appear to want to help us or even take the time to listen. We heard much no, I don't know, we can't... and one word answers with no explanation for the first few minutes of our conversation.All we wanted was a simple move to a quieter room, something that shouldn't have been a problem at all in a hotel as big as the 480 (and particularly on a Sunday, when many people are checking out). We weren't looking for a bigger room, a room with a view, or even necessarily a renovated room. Just something a little quieter! This could have been achieved by putting us on the other side of the building or perhaps even moving us up a few floors. From the attitude you would have thought we were asking for the moon and the stars though.We finally got her to agree that they would LIKELY be able to move us but we would have to leave our bags with the concierge and come back IN PERSON to check in a few hours - no guarantees. Needless to say this put a bit of a kink in our sightseeing plans for the day but at that point we were just happy we had made some headway with this woman.We were eventually moved - to a smaller room on the other side of the building a few floors up. The room had construction going on around it during the days (somewhat inconvenient, particularly when they started doing some glue-smelling tile work one morning at 4 AM). But it was quiet at night, which is what we were looking for.However, there was a complete lack of customer service and willingness to accommodate here. The only other time we've requested a move in a hotel - at the Grand Hyatt at DFW Airport - it happened within minutes and they came to our room and personally brought our luggage to the new room! So this experience early in our weeklong stay definitely soured me a bit on this hotel.Physically it's a nice property though and should be very nice once all the renos are completed. There are still a few finishing touches to be added - the stopper in the sink in one of our rooms didn't work, a bathroom door was pretty sticky, there was a full length mirror in one of the rooms and not the other, no mini fridges yet, etc - and they do continue to do quite a bit of rather noisy work during the day (and apparently they're behind schedule).We found most of the other staff - particularly the bellmen, valets, and cleaning staff - friendly and accommodating. A colleague of my husband's arrived later in the week and was treated very well by other front desk staff. He was even upgraded to a good-sized suite with a view of Fisherman's Wharf.But overall I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here again, unless they were offering a good rate. There are many great hotels in the area!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>northwoodsdba
<Content>An excellent stay I ended up staying at this hotel because I needed a room for a week at short notice - one of those sight-unseen bookings.The hotel itself was very nice. There was construction going on - but it was never intrusive, never a problem. I found the staff to be 50/50 between nice and helpful - and snotty and superior. The lady bartender should be avoided whenever possible.I had a room on the 27th floor with an excellent view towards Coit Tower. The room was large, well appointed, and bed was wonderful. The shower was very nice - and the shower head was high enough for me (I'm 6'4). The housekeeping crew kept the room immaculate, and they just seemed to pop in at the proper time to straighten things up. The only negative would be juggling the temperature to keep it constant.The hotel was very convenient - Walking distance to the Moscone Center, two blocks to Chinatown, quite a bit of reasonable dining within easy walking distance.If I ever need to stay in that area again - I'd certainly go back to Hotel 480.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>dprah
<Content>Loved my Stay at Hotel 480 I stayed at Hotel 480 during the 2008 Oracle Open World conference. The check in desk personnel were very welcoming, and my room was great! The hotel is undergoing a major renovation. I think I may have been the first one to stay in my room after it was renovated. In fact they were still working on some rooms on the floor. The room is very large and bright. The windows filled most of one wall. The furnishings were very nice, great colors! The bathroom was well lit and spacious enough. The bed and pillows - were so comfortable. Only odd thing was the lack of a full length mirror. And, $10/day for internet service was a bit steep. Walgreen 's was across the street, and I made several trips for water, diet coke and forgotten items. I would definitely recommend the hotel, and would love to stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ncbabyblue717
<Content>A rip-off, though I do heart the comfy beds. After several nights of inns and motels on my road trip, I was so ready to sleep on a nice fluffy bed with equally fluffy pillows and duvet. Hotel 480 did not disappoint. Check-in was a breeze, and the staff was extremely courteous. The location made it easy to walk almost everywhere we wanted to go, which was great, because who wants to drive in SF? I have no complaints about my experience here; in fact, I would whole-heartedly recommend it to anyone...that is, anyone with deep pockets. Internet access was $10 per day, and parking was approximately $50 a day after taxes. Now, I'm from LA so I'm used to paying premium prices for parking and mandatory valet, but $50 was a sticker shock, even for me. In the end, everything added up to almost $300 a night for a room in a three-star hotel. We had a good experience here, but not THAT good.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>LaaLaa352
<Content>Good sized rooms and location shame about the building work!! My family and I stayed at the Hotel 480 for 3 nights, we had booked 2 separate rooms, upon arrival we could see there was building work taking place externally, when we checked in there was no mention at reception about the work only a note left in the rooms stating work would only happen between 9am and 5pm. Also although check-in was 3pm 1 of our rooms was not ready for over an hour after!Our compensation for the building work was 20% off a diner across the road which we first thought was great until we got our Map of the area to only find that anyone could get 20% of so we didn't feel that satisfied.Overall though the rooms were very good size and well equipped, we stayed on the 23rd floor facing towards Fisherman's Wharf so had a great view . Although the building work was happening we were not in much during the day, I think twice we heard the drilling. We just wished we had been informed prior to our arrival.Our overall satisfaction was good but this will be a better hotel when the works are complete.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>danc219
<Content>great value in s.f. A great place to stay. Because of the ongoing construction, (scaffolds on ouside of building),a bargain rate for this area. ($89) Many hotels in area are $200+.This is right on the cable car route.Just a few blocks down is the Grant street entrance to chinatown. Stayed on 10th floor.The room was newly remodeled and nice. It did not have fridge or microwave. Can buy the muni pass across street at walgreens which allows for unlimited bus and cable car rides.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dsi999
<Content>Great hotel at great price!       Lori's Diner, Powell St and Hotel 480  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Trailblazer44
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Bay Fog from 28th floor  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>gnikcin
<Content>very good location bt rude staff reasonably priced, nice hotel, very good location. rude staff. i wud stay there again. cleaners took my sleeping bag by mistake and couldnt return it. very clean hotel, gym wasnt working and from the sounds of it, i wonder if it ever will open.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	1	2	2	

<Author>travllng1
<Content>Had a decent stay here       View from room on 23rd floor looking north  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Csakzsu
<Content>Great hotel The check-in went perfect even if we arrived very late. The rooms were clean, and big. The staff at the check贸in desk were helpful.The location of the hotel for a city trip is perfect, the Union square is 2 minutes away. Around the hotel there are several Strabucks caffees and diners. We felt very safe as the area is very busy but inside the hotel you did not hear the noise anymore.I would definitely come back again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Carolstapenhorst
<Content>We've got much more than we've payed!!! My husband did the reservation 1 month in advance and we stayed 4 nigths for $99/rate. The room was adequate size, clean, good bathroom with an amazing tube, wonderfull king bed. High floor with a wiew. Starbucks just in fron of. Cablecar on the corner. The best location for a tourist: walking distance to stores and restaurants even in the night (we felt secure). Easy access to MUNI. The only problem: they make you phone call their providor (and wait a long time on the line) and pay $10/d to have internet and there staff are rude . A tip for first travelers to SF: Union Square is the best place to stay. Just: DON'T DARE HAVE A CAR THERE ($46/night).  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	2	2	

<Author>ellives
<Content>Great location, would go back! Got a huge room on the 29th floor.Two big beds plus a settee. Plenty of space and a great location.Five minutes to downtown, 2 minutes to union square. Starbucks outside the entrance plus a range of restaurants very closeby.did the tourist thing and had breakfast at Sears 1 minute away. Got there at 8am on Sunday morning,no queues. Truly a lovely breakfast.In all, very pleased.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissyWAlbuquerque_NM
<Content>Would stay here again! Would stay here again. Very good rate. Easy walk from Bart and 1 block from Union Square. Staff helpful, room clean, nice comfortable bed. Everything you might need (Walgreens), dining, close by.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>EyeBeen_thereB4
<Content>One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. From the second that my family and I pulled up to the hotel until we left, we were treated as if we owned the place. The whole hotel is non-smoking...huge plus in my book. From the doorman to the desk staff, everyone was concerned that our stay was the best experience that it could be. The hotel was very well decorated (fair share of marble included), sparkling clean, smelled great...there is not anything about this hotel that was negative. I know that there may be more plush hotels...but I include the level of service from the staff when reviewing a hotel. I would compare this hotels service with any of the hotels I've stayed at in Hong Kong or Tokyo. I look forward to the oportunity to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>warwick290
<Content>Excellent value hotel right in the heart of San Francisco We got this hotel from Expedia just a couple of weeks before we arrived in San Francisco and were starting to panic that everything would be sold out. Hotel rates were also very high, but we found this one for $120 a night so took a chance. It's one block from Union Square and about 3 from Chinatown so the location is ideal. Our room was very spacious and comfortable, in fact we were delighted when we saw the room. We really think we got a bargain. The staff were friendly and helpful and everything about the hotel was clean and smart-looking. The only bad thing: we were charged an extortionate rate for wireless internet connection, and we stayed at much seedier, cheaper motels and hostels where internet was free!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>joenaustex
<Content>Great Bargain I get to San Fran every other month and this hotel ends up to be a great deal time after time. You can usually find a great deal on travelocity or orbitz. If you can, ask for a corner room. They are with two sides full of windows, huge king bed, two sitting areas, they also have a fridge. The hotel is in the heart of union square and has eating places across the street along with a walgreens.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>FLJulie
<Content>Perfect stay! With so many hotels to choose from in San Francisco, I was hoping I had selected one that I could call Excellent and Hotel 480 fit the bill! The hotel and room exceeded my expectation and the location is perfect! Following check-in by a very helpful staff, we walked across the street from the hotel and hopped on a cable car - even my 15 year-old daughter thought that was pretty cool! Our room was large and very comfortable for the three of us (2 adults, 1 teenager). And after my husband dragged us around the city until 11:00pm we were happy that there was a Starbucks on an opposite corner! Would definitely recommed this hotel and it will be my first choice when we visit San Francisco again!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>pegster110
<Content>Good stay at the Hotel 480 I recently stayed for 3 nights at the Hotel 480 and have no compaints whatsoever. Its a very decent hotel in a great location.Its close to great shopping and the Bart as well as being convenient for most of the major tourist options. All in all a solid hotel!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dadair6
<Content>Absolutely loved it! We stayed at the Hotel 480 on our honeymoon. Upon late arrival we were greeted at the curb by the bellhop who helped us with our bags from the cab. We were upgraded from a standard high-floor room to a corner suite looking out to the bay. The views were fantastic! The hotel staff was great and the Concierge was very helpful and friendly every time we needed help. They also arranged an airport shuttle for us.The location is perfect, especially if you don't have a rental car. The cable car line is right outside the door and streetcar and subway stops are only a couple blocks away. The room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable. It was our first time in San Francisco and we'll definitely stay here on our next visit.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TCBeach
<Content>West Coast's BEST! What a marvelous experience. I traveled to San Francisco with my 83 year old mother in May 08. The city is perfect for any age visitor. Beleive it or not the weather was fantastic! We happened to be there at the time of a heat wave 85 - 90 degrees everyday for five consecutive days. Stayed at the Hotel 480 near Union Square. I never thought a four day stay in a hotel room could be as enjoyable as this. We booked a junior suite - for the extra space. The room more than met our expectations. It was spacious with a beautiful view of the city. But to the city -charming, classy, eclectic, romantic, and definitely easy to navigate. Many modes of public transportation from the cable cars to trolleys to buses. Of course cabs are available but public transportation offers a real taste of the city. Be sure to visit the Ferry building (offers service to Sausalito - the beauty of Sausalito will blow your mind) and a farmers market on weekends, the Presidio, Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39 to see the seals bask in the sun, Haight Ashbury (a real kick). If time permits spend a day in Napa Valley - Sterling Vinyards offers a tram ride and wine tasting for $20 - good deal. Stinking Rose is a great restaurant in North Beach section of SF. Great Italian food. This was well worth the cross-country flight as we are east coast residents. ENJOY!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bdbc
<Content>Fab Stay Hotel 480 We stayed at Hotel 480 June 21-23. We arrived early so they held our bags till we could check in later in the day. The bellman and the front desk clerk were very friendly. They both offered great advice about how to get tickets for the transporation in the city. The bellman drew a map and wrote down the Hotel phone # in case we got lost. The hotel location is fantastic. One block from the square. Starbucks, and Walgreens across the street.Our room was large with two double beds, large picture window overlooking the city. Nice fluffy towels with Bath  body works samples. Our beds were comfortable.The hotel needs to upgrade the pillows to feather pillows not foam. A mini fridge would be nice too.My girls enjoyed playing the cd player in the room. Nice size tv with remote. We would definitly stay at Hotel 480 in the future.Valet parking is quite expensive. That's the city. I did find one block over the Sutter/Stockton Parking lot for 33.50 a day.Still high but more reasonable then the hotel and most of the lots in the city.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IanDuncan
<Content>Good rooms and service - a bit noisy though We stayed on the 18th floor of this hotel for seven nights. (Me, my wife and three kids aged 7, 9 and 9 yrs) The rooms were clean, and the service we received was as expected from a four star hotel... Toiletries and towels replaced every day, room immaculate on our return, etc. (One or two days the room was only serviced after lunch, inconveniencing us a little. However, a call to housekeeping corrected that for the balance of our stay.)Staying in the middle of a big city, noise is expected. We were surprised however at the city policy to collect refuse between 1am and 5am. Closed windows helped somewhat, but if you are not used to this it can be disturbing.The hotel is extremely well situated in the city. It it literally two blocks from the gates to Chinatown, and three blocks from the main city block. We did not need a car at all for the time we stayed there. (We had, however, just complete a two week stint in Orlando seeing the parks, so my family were walking fit ). We had a wonderful walk from the hotel to Pier 39, and returned along one of the tram lines.The hotel was also quite accommodating to provide additional blankets, and a very early checkout.A further value of the hotel is that it is situated across the road from a Walgreens where we bought milk and cereal to save on breakfast costs. On the opposite corner is Starbucks who made a reasonable Venti Cuppucino !Recommended.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>merimasdk
<Content>snobby hotel with a view This hotel has all the amenities you'd expect, the sort of room you'd expect, etc etc, and a spectacular view (I stayed at the 25th floor looking directly out over Union Square and SoMa). The staff was less than helpful though, a very cool reception at check-in, not superbly attentive staff in the restaurant, and porters who only offered help with a heavy suitcase after I already had reached the doors. Definitely a cold and somewhat snobby impression of the staff - even although they did everything you'd need from hotel staff. I later stayed in the much cheaper Powell Hotel and got a ten times better treatment.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	4	3	1	2	2	

<Author>snickm
<Content>Great value and location We stayed at this hotel in February on our first visit to San Francisco - and we were extremely pleased with the location and value.It's located one block from Union Square, and there is a trolley stop just outside the hotel. There's also quite a few restaurants nearby, not to mention the one that's in the lobby. There is also a little deli that has a variety of breakfast foods to choose from. I wasn't particulary impressed with the quality, but it was handy. I would recommend, however, recommend eating breakfast at Sears Fine Foods (about 1/2 a block from the hotel).Two other things I liked about this hotel: 1) our room had a nice view of the bay and Coit Tower. I don't normally get up early enough to watch the sun rise, but I couldn't help it with that view. 2) The staff was incredibly friendly to us.This is a fine hotel that's reasonably priced, has great service and a terrific location.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>neonp
<Content>Great place to stay in SF I had stayed at this property in 1995 when it was a Holiday Inn, and loved the fact that it was right on the cable car line. During our most recent trip, we wanted to spend the night in San Francisco, and I was able to contact the hotel directly during our drive to book a room. While I had requested a King room with a rollaway for the three of us, upon arrival the desk clerk suggested that the room would be crowded that way, and suggested a room with two doubles--this was fine, except that I am married to a big guy and am used to a queen bed. Nonetheless,, the room was very comfortable, and quiet. The decor was quite nice as well, and the room was very clean. I did know that I would need to have the car valet parked, but when we arrived, because of the luggage carrier on the roof, they informed me that they would have to charge me the oversize vehicle parking fee! Also, one of the front desk clerks (not the one who checked us in), insisted that the bellman take our bags to the room, making me feel obligated to tip him. It must have been a hotel image thing, because I did not necessarily need or want a bellman's assistance! Also, expect to pay to use anykind of computer/internet service! I think $25 a day is a bit absurd, let alone the 2.99 an hour if using at the business center. While the room charge was VERY reasonable for San Francisco, beware of the extras that will get tacked on to the bill! Otherwise, it is a fantastic place to stay!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>MrsWoolley
<Content>Good location and price Just stayed at Hotel 480 over Memorial Day Weekend. The hotel was in a great location, right near Union Square and all the shopping and about 3-4 blocks from China Town. Got a great deal for $119/night which I thought was good for a holiday weekend in San Fran. Staff was friendly, bartender recommended some restaurants and a fun piano bar a few blocks down. Rooms were cleaned promtply every day. Shower was good.My complaints are that the bed was pretty hard. Not terrible but enough to feel it in your back when you woke up. Also, the walls are very thin, we could hear our neighbors. But aside from that, the location and price were right.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Rioss
<Content>Great value, excellent staff! Stayed in Hotel 480 for 6 nights for a holiday. For the price paid (approx USD90), it was a great deal. The hotel is located just 2 blocks from Union Square where all the shopping and food are, just opposite a pharmacy / convenience store, borders bookstore, and right outside the cable car tram stop! Major bus lines, tram lines, BART station are just short walks away. Safe enough for a single traveller, as the roads are always crowded with people. The room decor is very old-fashioned, but it comes with everything you need (except a minibar), and is very clean and comfortable. The room, bed, bathroom is nice and big. Despite the age of the furnishings, it didnt smell too dated! Frontdesk , bell, housekeeping staff are fast, helpful and knowledgable. No wireless internet in the room, but wired internet available for USD10 for 24 hrs. Had a lot of problems getting connected, but the internet company had a good toll-free helpline. For this price, i would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>racheljs74
<Content>Amazing - An Economical Gem I am a frequent business traveler and stayed at the hotel for a personal reason, so I wasn't sure what I'd get for the money. This was an unexpectedly wonderful hotel. I used priceline to get 2 nights at $300 with tax included -- a steal in San Francisco's Union Square. It was a great stay, and the best part was the staff. They were nice, helpful, and caring. When we forgot our shampoo, they immediately shipped it to us. I really was surprised at what I got for the money. I'd stay again in a minute.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jkimes
<Content>Good price, maybe worth it after rennovations done My company booked this hotel for me based on location and price. Yes, the location is great, especially since I'm a Bay Area native, now living in Central Texas and was looking forward to a city fix. The room was a decent size (especially compared to European standards) and clean. The bed was very comfortable, and housekeeping kept the room very clean.The main problem was that I only stayed 5 nights, and 3 times the heat was off. The first time, a worker came and told me they had just turned the heat back on and he wanted to make sure it was working--turned off for renovations in another part of hotel. Another time, I came back to my room and the thermostat had been turned off. The last morning, the thermostat was not working at all.I also came back one evening to no lights in my entry way or bath. They fixed the problem while I was out for dinner, but in my opinion I had one too many issues during my short stay.I might consider staying here again when they have completed the update and (hopefully) stop playing with the heating system...  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>dentarthurdent
<Content>Great value - get it while it lasts 3 nights in downtown SF (one block from Union Sq) for only $99 per night. At these prices, who cares about tired decor?Rumour has it (overheard in the lift) that this former Crowne Plaza is only on gardening leave before becoming a Marriott - prices will surely rise.At the moment, you get a large, clean room in a great location - which is all we wanted.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>firecopcouple
<Content>Pleasantly surprised       View from room 21st floor  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>GandT-n-WV
<Content>Great Location at a fantastic price! Very good location, just a few blocks from the Mall and lots of nice places to eat there, street car just 60 feet from front entrance. The view, we were on the 28th floor and had a wonderful view. I Would like to stay there again sometime.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>christianneanastasia
<Content>A Work in Progress--Literally! I stayed at the Hotel 480 for four nights after booking it through Priceline at a very reasonable rate. The location can't be beaten--it's about a block north of Union Square and just a few blocks from Chinatown (North Beach is also walkable if you can handle the steep hills in between). While I can't complain about the room--it was nicely appointed and clean--there were two major points of contention between the hotel's website and my experience. First, the hotel's fitness center is NOT OPEN. It's being renovated for the foreseeable future, which I hadn't known in advance (it would have been nice to be apprised of this!). The front desk said that they had made alternative arrangements with the 24 Hour Fitness located five blocks away, but that 480 guests would have to pay $5 per day to use the facility. I was horrified that they expected guests to pay for something which was supposed to be included--especially in light of the fact that it's WAY more inconvenient to use some strange gym than to just run downstairs to the hotel's own fitness center. When I expressed this, the manager offered to give me 2 days for $5, which I accepted (and by the way, the gym itself was pretty nice, but if you're a runner or a walker, you're SO much better off exercising outside because you get as much of a workout --no kidding, this city has some SERIOUS hills--and simultaneously get to enjoy exploring the city). I was still irked, though, that they charged me anything at all for something that I was promised when I booked (though I see that they've changed the website recently to reflect the situation).Secondly, there is no wireless access in the guestrooms at all. If you want to access the Internet, you have to pay $10/day for a high-speed connection, or you can go sit in the lobby and pay $5 for three hours of wireless. Can you get more stingy? Considering San Francisco's supposed to be one of the most wired cities in the country, the fact that the hotel doesn't even provide wireless coverage in its guestrooms is disappointing. A better option than the $10 high-speed connection is to connect to the wireless network of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel (located across the street) which is only $7 per day and sent a pretty strong signal over to my guestroom (and probably all guestrooms on the south side of the building). Overall, the staff were fantastic, but these flaws left me feeling somewhat disappointed. Had I known these issues before booking, I would have adjusted my expectations (and knowing them now, I'd still probably stay there again if only for the unbeatable location), If you don't require in-room wireless or the use of gym facilities, I'd highly recommend the 480, but if you do, you might want to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeforeSunrise
<Content>good location, average hotel This hotel used to be a Crown Plaza and it still feels like one. Everything has been refreshed/updated, but very basic. Nothing is particularly wrong, but nothing wows you either. The location is great and the front desk service is exceptionally friendly and helpful. However, for this price, I felt like I wanted something more special.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Jmbradle
<Content>Good value for price We got a great cheap price -- $160/nite. Excellent for the location in the shopping district of Union Square. The room was clean and partially updated with white linens and duvet. Walls seem thin, but no trouble with loud noise. Good workout room. Very helpful bellman, Perry, who got me bag back when I left it in the airport shuttle bus! Great value for the price  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>weeangel
<Content>Good Location - RUDE RUDE RUDE desk staff I stayed here on a business trip in December 07 (single female travelling alone from the UK) and chose this hotel 1. to get Priority Club points 2. for the location. The location is superb - absolutely excellent, really can't fault it for being so central to the main shopping - I even went back a couple of times on my non-work day to drop off bags. No problems at all re safety, going out to eat in the evenings on my own etc etc. However - the front desk staff are appalling. When I went to empty my safety deposit box prior to check out (10 mins to go) I waited in line until it was my turn, went to the desk to be told, very rudely, that I had to wait while a bunch of airline staff were checked out. No apologies - no 'would you mind if we dealt with these people first' just literally 'WAIT'!! So rude!!!! I stated that I had a plane to catch as well to be told that didn't matter! Regardless of the great location you couldn't pay me to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	4	3	1	3	1	

<Author>Steri-Clean
<Content>We love Hotel 480! Highly Recommend!!       View from our room on the 28th floor  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>digitalcrabs
<Content>a RUDE awakening.... my experience was awful. i was there for a conference, in the big ballroom. of course- very very weak wireless internet access and when you told the front desk--- they looked at you like you have 3 eyes. ditto on the weak net access from the rooms. what a joke-- why cant they get this right! first my key didnt work (same experience a guy next to me at checkin had). the rude front desk lady (who will go unnamed) kept insulting our intelligence saying we were putting in the card wrong. duh... next one of the bellmen took our tip, then handed the bags back to us-- true story... say he didnt have time to take the bags to our room. two positives were the very nice concierge lady (extremely helpful and patient) and the cleaning ladies (promote them please to the front desk). wow! the front desk needs alot of work. teach them the internet and that guests get frustrated when everywhere they turn, nothing works. and hey be nice. several of us were trying to print boarding passes at the front desk. they couldnt do it. and wouldnt let us look behind the counter to help. more rudeness. then we were instructed to go upstairs to the business center (read that money grab) where the fees were a joke, and (you guessed it) very SLOW internet access and a printer out of toner. think they had more? right, now way-- had to be ordered. all in all a bad experience, starting with the poorly managed front desk. this hotel needs a brand, the staff needs retraining, and the GM (who was nowhere to be found when all these problems were occurring) should spend some time with the guests. cant say enough about how the experience started negatively with a rude front desk person and zero help from all the bell staff standing around. oh- and did i mention that my tv volume control didnt work... i called the front desk, then the gm's office, and am still waiting for a call back (i checked out 3 days ago!). stay at the westin next time.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Toddy04
<Content>A City of Two Halves We spent a month traveling through Austria, Germany, Italy and the Czech Republic and decided on a three day stopover in San Francisco on our way back to New Zealand to help get over our jet lag. We booked this hotel through our travel agent (our agent never contacted us to say it had changed names since we booked and paid) together with our flights. It was expensive but we thought with the Crowne Plaza name and having read other Trip Advisor reviews we would be happy. I had booked our nine hotels in Europe directly through their websites after reading Trip Advisor reviews. All of them were wonderful so we were looking forward to our three nights of luxury in San Francisco to finish an incredible month long trip.We arrived after two flights from Europe, 16 hours in total and checked in with no problems. We were taken to our room on the 10th floor and were told how lucky it was that we had such a huge one. We thought it was very dated and we were not very happy with two double beds instead of a queen or king as advertised, but it was tolerably clean. It was a disabled room with all the equipment left in the bathroom. The room was also very cold. While my husband tried to warm up the air conditioning I decided a shower would help the jet lag and the disappointment with the room. However there was no hot water!! We rang reception and they said the hotel was undergoing renovations and that they would send a plumber.The longer we waited the more upset we became so we went to reception to complain about the above. The receptionist said as there was a conference on she could do little. We explained that we had paid over $400 a night and were ready to leave. She said that she would make an exception and reorganize things and upgrade us to a much higher floor with a room with a King size bed. We were very tired and grateful that we could finally have a shower and freshen up. The room was okay, very dated but clean and we had our hot shower. The hotel is undergoing refurbishment and there were people working outside our window. There were ropes and men dangling just outside. The worst was to come though. When we finally got to bed that night we realized that our bed backed on to the lifts and they are in use continually until about 5am. We felt like we were still on the aeroplane. Earplugs didn't lessen the noise much because you could also feel the movement of the lifts.As it was our first time in San Francisco we made the most of the bad situation and got as tired as possible seeing all the sights. The weather was wonderful and it was great to walk everywhere and also take the lovely Cablecar. We had the most amazing breakfast at Mama's Cafe (worth the half hour wait outside) and also nice dinners at North Beach.I will never book hotel accommodation again through a travel agent as I think this may have assisted the problem.I will also never go back to this hotel in spite of its good location. I feel Reception were probably laughing that they had got one over us with the lift problem in spite of pretending they were doing us a favor  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>SanDiegoTB
<Content>Great location  Overall this was a nice hotel, especially for the price (about $90 per night via priceline on Valentine's/ President Day weekend). The location is GREAT - right in the heart of the union square area. The staff was very kind  attentive, they upgraded us to a jr. suite upon arrival, since they were sold out of regular rooms with king sized beds. The room was large, comfortable  very clean (the carpeting was a bit old, but I believe they are renovating). I would stay there again  for me (a very picky hotel guest, who won't step foot into a hotel unless it's rated at bare minimum 3 stars) that's saying a lot. It's not a 4 or 5 star luxury hotel by any means, but I would recommend it for a nice weekend getaway when you want to be right in the heart of things - especially if you get a good room rate.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>APAlSoCal
<Content>Hotel 480 is still a great place I've stayed at the Hotel 480 for at least 4 nights each of the past 7 years. It was the Crowne Plaza for the first 6 and recently became the Hotel 480 before my most recent stay. The service remains top notch and the rooms are comfortable. Not much has changed since the name switch. The only difference I noted was the absence of the Crowne Plaza sleep kit, which isn't that much of a loss. The mattresses and bedding are pleasant and there is plenty of work space if you are on business. If you are travelling with family, I suggest you request one of their Family Rooms. These rooms are at the end of each floor. I've stayed on both ends-if you like the sound of cable cars, the rooms located on the Powell and Sutter corner will do just fine. If you want more quiet, try to get the opposite end of the hall.The location is fantastic with many shops and restaurants within easy walking distance. As noted earlier, two cable car routes run right past the hotel and their are numerous taxis on the street. The BART station is down Powell Street, about a easy 10 minute walk.The hotel is going to go through a year-long remodeling project. Five floors at a time will be refurbished, so be sure to ask about the work in progress before you book.I spend quite a few nights of the year in hotels on business and I always enjoy my stay at this property. One addition I hope they do make is to put a spark in their on site bar and restaurant.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Fluffychuffy
<Content>Great Location, large rooms, good, clean hotel The locaiton of this hotel is great - right near all the shopping and minutes from China Town and other restaurants. Really enjoyed my stay here - very nice big room, perfectly clean and spacious. This is not a luxury hotel but is certainly good quality and has everything you need. Is being turned in to a Marriott I think so will be up to that standard soon I imagine. I have no complaints - price was good, hotel in exellent location, nice and clean, friendly people, great big room, lots of channels on the TV - what more could you want?There is a good restaurant called the Daily Grill which serves nice brekkies, lunch and dinner - it is like an upmarket diner - as you come out of the hotel, walk straight down the hill towards Union Square - keep walking and you will pass Union Square on the left hand side and Victoria's secret on the right then take the next right and you will see the restaurant on the left hand side.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>dreampilot
<Content>New Name, New Ownership, New Issues... Crowne Plaza was sold and this hotel is now known as the Hotel 480. Having stayed here before the change and now for 5 days after the change, I have a comparison that is not very favorable for the new ownership. LOCATION LOCATION LOCATIONBefore I go any further let's state the obvious. You cannot beat the location of this hotel, regardless of who owns it or what name is painted on the outside. Located one block north of Union Square, right on the cable car line and with ample public (read - much cheaper than the hotel parking) within a block - visitors to the city will appreciate the central location. We parked the car on arrival and had absolutely no need to use it for the whole week until departure.Now the not so good news.,, Hopefully it's just the pains of transition causing some service issues but I have to say the majority of negatives with our stay were associated with the service. We had troubles with housekeeping opening a door clearly identified as Do Not Disturb, phone calls from engineering at 6am about problems we never reported, etc. We were here with MacWorld and selected the hotel because it claimed free internet access for conference attendees - this was not so. This may be a problem with the MacWorld folks though. But once connected for the internet broadband - you're better off taking your chances on a modem. The internet access is terrible and in tremendous need of upgrade. The onsite restaurant is outrageously overpriced even for Union Square. We recommend Lori's across the street for a more reasonable (although not gourmet but still good) breakfast or lunch. We're hoping the sad state of the hallways on the 9th floor were due to intended/scheduled remodeling because if not - the condition of that floor is not anything a $199 a night hotel should be proud of regardless of it's location. Minor issues like a TV that continually shut itself off and on again can be overlooked if it wasn't for the $199 a night price. Speaking of the TVs - the small TV provided is kind of strange considering most major hotels upgrades to flat screens and larger models.Having said all that - We hope that this hotel gets it together and may try it again for a one or two night stay in the future to see if things improve. It would be such a waste to have a hotel with such a great location and enthusiastic staff to be hampered by a lack of infrastructure maintenance and management.So we'd be interested to see future reviews from Trip Advisor folks as to the state of this hotel in transition.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	3	1	

<Author>CSquaredC2
<Content>Hotel 480 - Great Union Square Location I stayed at Hotel 480 late in December after booking an overnight stay using Priceline. I think it used to be the Crowne Plaza and now has a banner over it saying Hotel 480. I get the impression it's still undergoing a remodel, but not sure. First off, the location is great. Right across from Sir Francis Drake, the Disney Store and Borders. The lobby was nice and clean and looked like it's gone through a recent transformation. Once you step off the elevator and onto your floor, you can tell the upper floors have not been remodeled. The decor in the halls and rooms were not what you expected from the lobby. I assume they are still renovating. It was mostly clean and comfortable and appropriate if all you need is a place to sleep. The staff was nice and the one big drawback was the parking. I valet'd and when I checked out Sunday I had to wait 45 minutes to get the car. I tried calling the valet desk in advance but couldn't get through, so just went down. It was obvious they were short staffed, kind of disorganized and aplogetic. It was somewhat frustrating as it appeared people who turned in their tickets after me got their cars before mine. One gentleman before me had been waiting much longer than me though.This could be because I went on a holiday weekend though.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>bright2
<Content>Convenient location with great customer service I booked this hotel on priceline. I was a little wary at first since I could not find reviews for this hotel, but I later realized that what they now call Hotel 480 was actually the former Crowne Plaza Union Square.First off, the hotel is very clean and the staff are very pleasant. Even when I called beforehand to confirm my reservation, the front desk was very helpful and very willing to note my room preferences. Usually, when I book with other hotels using Priceline, I get a lot of what we have left is what you get type of responses, but not this hotel. Their pleasant, efficient service continued when I checked in in person. I had a guest with me and they even automatically asked her what her name was, just in case we lost keys and she needed to get in.Room - they honored our request and put us on the 20th floor with a nice view. The windows span the wall and give you a very expansive, airy feel. The room is cozy, but very clean and tastefully decorated. We got a king bed that was rather comfortable - wasn't the best of the beds I've slept in, but not bad.There were a couple of annoyances, however. First, valet parking at $43 + 14% tax (almost 50!) is just absurd. The second night, I found local garage parking for about $26 overnight. Secondly, internet service in the room is restricted to wired only. Normally that would be fine, but my gf and I both had to do work and were using separate computers. Without wireless, we couldn't do that at the same time.All in all, this hotel is great, beats many 4 stars that I've stayed in before, and is well worth it (especially given the low fare we found using priceline). I definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LasVegasMike
<Content>Great Union Square Hotel Choice       King Bed Room  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DavidAndPed
<Content>Excellent - great location Really happy with our stay, wanted to stay another night! What a great location, step out of the hotel an a block away you are at union square. Will definately stay here again  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>barbara888
<Content>Enjoyed my stay Only stayed for one night but the staff was very nice and the room was nice and clean. Bed was comfortable and the front desk was helpful with directions. Close to everything downtown. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jcolesw2
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed here for four nights during a trip to USA. Can only reiterate others' comments. Great location next to Union Square and a great place to be based for a trip in San Fran. Good rates for a room on the exec floor with breakfast. Huge rooms with extremely comfortable beds.Very very good value for money!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Carlii1964
<Content>SO private yet a stones throw from Union Square This is a small hotel, but the rooms were great and seo close to Union Square! We had a ball and had 2 rooms from Hotwire for only $55 a night all taxes. I would stay here again in a minute!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>smiffy79
<Content>Great hotel, great location We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 5 nights in September as part of our 2 week holiday in America. The hotel was in a great location near Union Square and we were able to walk to most places which we really enjoyed. We got the BART from the airport to the hotel 鈥?it was shortish walk from the station but we found the hotel very easily. We had booked the hotel through priority points and I think may have got an upgrade because of this. Our room was very large and had a beautiful view over Nob hill with the cable cars running up and down. The bed was huge and very comfortable. There was some noise at night and you could hear the cable cars going up and down sometimes but I think that is what you expect in a big city! We had a wonderful time in San Francisco 鈥?we ended up walking nearly everywhere as the queues for the cable cars were ridiculous. There are so many nice restaurants to choose from, you are spoilt for choice. We ate at Lori鈥檚 diner on our first night which is just next to the hotel and is great for burgers and shakes! We had breakfast at Sears fine foods one morning when we were up early and it was really good, thankfully there was no queue as there was one every other morning. Other than that we ventured further out to Chinatown, North Beach etc and found some great places.I would definitely recommend the Crowne Plaza to anyone, it is in a great location in a wonderful city.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yvieinca
<Content>Overall pretty good... The Crowne was booked for us by my husbands work. It was one of the few hotels still available for the VMWorld conference, so we took it at a rate of $210 a night. When we arrived, we found the parking garage and pulled in. We were quickly told that we couldn鈥檛 get any help with our bags if we stayed in the parking garage, but the nice man there offered to bring the car around front for us so that we could go check in then get our bags. This was greatly appreciated after our nerve wracking trip from the South Bay to the city. (We stayed the previous two nights in the south bay to visit some friends). My husband and I gathered up our few items we wanted to keep with us at all times, and walked down the very steep (and slippery, BE CAREFUL!) garage area to the stairs outside to enter the hotel. When we arrived inside the lobby we saw the lobby packed with airline employees waiting to check out. There were probably 50-75 people ahead of us in line. My husband sat down on a bench with our items and I waited outside for our car. Our car arrived about 15 minutes later just as all the airline employees were boarding a bus to apparently go to work. As I helped the bellman unload the car, my husband called to let me know we were checked in and ready to go. The Crowne had upgraded us to a junior suite on the 23rd floor. The view from the room was absolutely spectacular, we slept with the curtains open every night so we could see the beautiful city lights. The room was quite nice and spacious. The bathroom was against the back wall, next to that was a small table and chairs for eating or playing cards. There was a rather large living room area with a sofa, coffee table, a chair and a television in a cabinet with some drawers and a refrigerator. Beyond that was a half wall separating the living area from the sleeping area. Directly in front of the bed was a desk with a light and outlets ready for your laptop. The room was very clean, the bed was extremely comfortable with plenty of blankets and pillows. Internet was not included in the price of the room. It was $10 a day for internet access, or $35 for the week. I understand that this is typical in upscale hotels, even though it frustrates me. That being said, when I pay for internet access in a hotel, I expect enough bandwidth to be able to conduct business (VPN access). The download speeds were frequently less than 200kbps, which is totally unacceptable. This was one of the recommended hotels for the VMWorld conference, which is a computer-related convention. A hotel should expect high internet usage when they are a participant hotel for a high-tech conference, and be prepared to handle it. Even on Thursday night, when most of the conference participants had left, the bandwidth still didn鈥檛 exceed 310kbps. My expectations for $10/day internet access are much higher than free WiFi in non-premium hotels, and unfortunately the Crowne Plaza didn鈥檛 come close to meeting those expectations.We opted not to use the room service available, since the cheapest thing on the menu was a $22 hamburger that didn鈥檛 seem all that special from the description on the menu. A morning pot of coffee was $7, and a basic breakfast was over $15. Instead we went to the grocery store and bought a few staple items and frequented restaurants in the area. Most of the staff members we ran in to were very polite and friendly, especially the housekeeping staff. Parking was somewhat of a fiasco. It took a minimum of 15 minutes every time we needed our car, sometimes closer to a half an hour. At one point one of the door men got rather testy with me and told me I should call for the car before going downstairs, otherwise we should just go to the garage ourselves to get the car. (Which was fine with me, less tipping!) Not only did they expect a tip every time we got in or out of the car, the parking was $60 a day. (Yes, I said $60 A DAY). I understand real estate is at a premium in SF, but $60 a day?!?!? Again, no choice we had to pay it. When we went to check out my husband mentioned the problems with the internet, and how important it was for him to have internet access, he was met with a snide 鈥淪orry鈥? and handed a receipt. Overall the room was lovely and most of the staff were polite and helpful. Would I stay here again? Maybe. It surely wouldn鈥檛 be my first choice by any stretch. It鈥檚 very important for computer people to have reliable internet access. If it were free, we wouldn鈥檛 complain, but considering less expensive hotels have better internet access this was a big disappointment. The room service menu being SO highly priced also put us off a little. The parking, well honestly it was kind of disastrous for us. So only in a pinch would we stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>guyinAZ
<Content>A decent hotel in a perfect location First things first: The location of the hotel is just about perfect: cable car outside, with Chinatown, Union Square shopping and restaurants all very close by. I didn't eat at the hotel--a full breakfast was about $23. A nice breakfast can be had across the street at Sears--a San Francisco institution--for about $10 less.  The room I had was a standard king and was fairly small, had a coffeemaker but no refrigerator and a comfortable bed. The bathroom was unremarkable but sufficient. The hotel staff were very nice; the doormen especially so. A huge number of airline crews stay here. The lobby is relatively small--considering it's a 30 story hotel-- with limited seating if you're the type who likes to lounge around and watch the world go by. I spent an entire week at this hotel and also the Grand Hyatt(on a previous stay), which is a block away. If it's a matter of a night or two, it probably doesn't make much difference, but for an extended stay, I'd choose the Grand Hyatt--much better views, nicer room decor and a more upscale ambiance.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>designjb
<Content>Very good hotel. Would recommend and stay here again. This was a very nice hotel. Located just a block or so north of Union Square. It's an easy walk to Chinatown, the subway and all of the dining and shopping in the area. I bid for the hotel on Priceline and got it for $77 (pre tax) for Labor Day weekend (Sept 1-3, 2007) so not a bad deal at all. We were in room 806, which was a corner room. It was larger than the other hotel rooms, though it had 2 queen beds, not a king. There was a welcoming packet on the bed with linen spray, eye patches and ear plugs for a good night's rest. Staff seemed very friendly, though we did not deal with them much. Hotel has the usual: soda machine, free ice machine, toiletries included shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, bar soap and shower cap. Small coffee maker in the room.Nice little cafe right across the street for a coffee, pasty or quick glass of wine. There's a Walgreens pharmacy kitty-corner to the hotel if you need to stock up on supplies. Dotties (522 Jones) is on of the best brekfast joints EVER! Be Prepared to wait in line for an hour, but it's almost worth it. The place it tiny.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Mrs_Yarnold
<Content>Suberb Hotel in good location 3 of us shared a quad room for 5 nights whilst sightseeing. After arriving gone midnight and missing our luggage due to flight delays, the only Porter on duty was able to run around and get us all the toiletries and Robes we needed to relieve the effects of travelling for 36 hours.Our room was very spacious over looking Sutter Street itself, I suspect it may have been a disabled room because of the wetroom and rails, instead of a bath. No issue with cleanliness and beds very comfy indeed. Would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NovAbroad
<Content>Good Location We booked a family holiday on the West Coast of US and stayed at Crowne Plaza Garden Grove, Caesars Las Vegas, Crowne Plaza Union Square San Francisco and Crowne Plaza Redondo Beach LA. I am a Priority Club member that is why my preference for Crowne Plaza. There were 7 of us in two rooms at each hotel.The Crowne Plaza Union Square is in a great location with the cable car stop just outside (Powell Street) and is close to great shops. The run to the bay isn't too bad. The hotel is a little old and could do with a refurb. We booked 4 months in advance and asked for adjoining rooms but ended up on seperate floors. OK but wouldn't stay again.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	4	3	1	3	4	

<Author>Richk582
<Content>Not that impressed       The Room  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>cwcharacters
<Content>Local take... Every once and awhile, we take a getaway from our East Bay home to the greatest city in the country, San Francisco. We try different hotels and restaurants and shop til we drop. This last trip was truly a pleasant surprise, as we found a jewel of a hotel in the Crowne Plaza Union Square.This hotel was priced right and gave us everything we were looking for. So much so that we stayed an extra night!The hotel check-in staff was courteous, helpful and friendly, as were the breakfast restaurant staff.We had an Executive club room with access to the lounge. (The club/lounge is actually just a big suite with a TV and no services. Nice to hang out in if you're an early riser and don't want to disturb your roommate). Breakfast was included and was great.We were near the top of the hotel with a great view of the bay. We appreciated the quiet zone with no kids allowed in that section. Nice and quiet!The room was clean and well appointed. The bathroom was small, but had some nice amenities.I must say that I do like the new focus on sleeping soundly. The scented spray and sleep-sounds CD were a nice touch.The hotel is centrally located and close to everything.While we may continue to experience other SF hotels, we will definetly return to the Crowne Plaza Union Square in the not so distant future and will recommend it to out-of-town friends.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aimblkjak21
<Content>Would stay again in a heartbeat. We stayed that the Crowne Plaza for three nights. Upon check in our room was not ready but they offered us a $40 a night upgrade to an executive level room. It was well worth it since it includes breakfast each morning, free internet access in the room and drink coupons. The room was very clean and best of all it was quiet. Very quiet! Bathroom was a little on the small side but I could deal with it. Espically since I was very, very clean. I love when hotels actually clean the grout in the shower! The staff was very friendly and helpful. Even the bellhops were willing to give directions and pointers on good places to eat or visit. Location is great as you are right outside of a cable car stop and about a 5 minute walk to Union Square. Sear's Fine Food and Lori's diner are right accross the street and are wonderful for a quick lunch. I would stay again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kuiken
<Content>Good location, lovely breakfest.....       main entrance  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>hbyerly
<Content>Great Stay Good-sized room w new bedding (7 layers of comfort). Clean, well-appointed bathroom, but quite small. Amenity kit with linen spray in room.Great downtown location, $9 cab ride to Pier 39. Restaurant is v expensive - $22 for eggs and bacon.Front desk is outstanding, concierge very helpful.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sullymom
<Content>Love the Crowne Plaza Union Square This is the second time we stayed at this Crowne Plaza. The staff is to great, they cannot do enough to make your trip great! From the Concierge to housekeeping and everyone in between they were great. Our room was CLEANED every day, and I mean clean! We were upgraded to a family room which was 2 doubles and a queen sleeper for just a few dollars more well worth it!! The location is the best. You are a half a block from Union Sq. and a few feet from the cable car stop. No need for a car in the city! I would stay here again if I'm every able to get to the oppostie coast again:)  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dani_Serres
<Content>Great hotel, great location I think this hotel is the best cost/benefit relation in San Francisco! It is located at Union Square, a great place to be, where you can walk until late at night.I had booked a standard room but was offered an upgrade for only $35 more and got internet access, complimentary drinks every night and free america breakfast (which is wonderful). Highly reccomend it!!!!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Aloha808
<Content>This was one of my best stays in San Francisco! Ever!       Bed in Room 902  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Davidwithoutborders
<Content>Great location, big room, simple amenities. Great location, just north of Union Square. The staff let us check-in early. Very big room, clean and great water pressure in bathroom. Drawbacks - basic amenities, and beds were not particularly comfy. Also, hotel beginning to show its age. Overall, though, very happy with stay and value for money.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Tixilix
<Content>liked location We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 3 nights on our honeymoon. We paid for an executive room but got a suite which was very large and quiet. The decor was perhaps a little tired and the bath small. The Wi Fi is not free here which was an issue for us.Breakfast is not included but is not expensive, the public areas of the hotel could do with updating. Service was fine. The best thing about the hotel is the location by Union square handy for everywhere. We tried to get in the Mark Hopkins initially and went to the wonderful bar whilst in san francisco, The mark hopkins appeared to be of a higher standard but is up a very steep hill.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>gasLosAngeles
<Content>Perfect location Spent the weekend there. Did not need a car, or anything else for a great time. Easy walk from the train station to the hotel. Right in the center of everything in Union Square and the theater district, all an easy walk. Trolly car stop right outside th door. Wallgreens type drug store across the street. Endless restaurants, shopping, theatres all around. Quick trolly ride down to Fisherman,s Warf. Bicycle ride over the Golden Gate Bridge. All without ever using a taxi or car. Hotel had very clean, spacious well appointed rooms in new looking condition. My room had a nice city and bay view. Reasonable rate. Very quick check in. Absolutely nothing to complain about on my trip or with this hotel. 2 blocks from Union Square park where I spent hours just sitting, sipping beer, reading and people watching in the center of an art exhibit. Great! 75 degree sunny weather helped alot. All I needed was a female companion to make it perfect. Lots of attractive people there. With more time I could have fallen in love. The photos below are from my bicycle trip around the bay. 8 miles biking with a ferry ride back.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>thecustomer
<Content>Great location, but... Location just off Union Square is great. I have no idea how this hotel gets 4 ****... there's nothing else special about it, at all. Perfectly, polite staff at a quick check in (they could teach others how to do that!). Room clean, but not freshly decorated - ie the shower rail is the third one top be fitted - you can see the filled-in fixings in the tiles.There isn't wifi in the rooms, only in the lobby, and it's not free, as claimed. Wired internet in the rooms is charged too.I'd stay again, but only if there wasn't somewhere else nearby to try out.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	5	3	1	

<Author>GiGiBe
<Content>Great stay This hotel was clean and the rooms were spacious and up to date. Beds were comfortable, bathroom was nice and updated, and I liked the CD player/alarm clock on the nightstand. The hotel is in a great location at the corner of Sutter and Powell in walking distance of restaurants and stores. The cable car stop is right on the corner by hotel. The staff is friendly and helpful. The concierge, Cathy, was very knowledgeable, helpful, and always happy to help.  Downside -- no refrigerators in the rooms, and I had to pay $10 per day for Internet access. Also, no breakfast was included.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chiefy
<Content>Location A+++, very pleased Stayed at the Crown Plaza Union Square for a conference for five days at the end of February, 2007. The hotel was predetermined, but I was still apprehensive after reading some of the reviews here. On arrival from the east coast on an early flight, I was greeted at the front desk by Jeff. He was pleasant and efficient, and had me on my way to my room in minutes. My room was on the 16th floor, and although I would have preferred higher, it was all that was available. On the floor, in addition to rooms along the main corridor, there were five or six alcoves, with additional rooms off of them. To get to my room, I had to take a right, right and another right off of the elevator. This layout really cut down on the corridor traffic noise, but the room backed up to the noisy elevator shaft.The room itself was a king room, small, and dominated by the bed. There was also a chair and ottoman, large bureau, desk, and closet. The bathroom was small but efficiently laid outbut if my wife were with me, there would have been a turf war over the bathroom size.The large window looked out over Powell St, and had a side window that opened, letting in fresh air. Street noise was heard, even with the window closed, but not as intrusive as the always present elevator noise. The room itself was immaculate...under the bed, behind the endtable, everywhere. Possibly the cleanest hotel room I have ever been in.Back to the bathroom for a minute. Nice toiletries, plenty of clean, fluffy towels, and great water pressure. Tub/shower was very narrow, and water got all over the floor after each shower. Maybe the addition of a curved shower curtain rod would diminish the cramped feel.The beds are really trumpeted, both on the website and in ads around the hotel. While comfortable, I didn't find it warranted the bragging. The lobby was functional and clean, and several in our group used the concierge, finding her helpful.As far as location, it was convenient to everywhere. Union Square was one block awayand Fishermans Wharf/Pier 39, etc is just a ride away on the famous cablecars that go right by out front of the hotel.I did not use room service, or the restaurants at the hotel, but did note that the food provided by the hotel as part of the conference was very good. I decided to attack the debate about breakfast restaurants I read about in the SF forum. I went to Lori's Diner across the street on the first morning. The food was excellent, and plentiful, and the waitstaff was extremely friendly and helpful. As I walked around the area after breakfast, I noticed about 20-25 people standing on line in front of Sears Fine Foods one block away. The next two mornings, I went to Sears for breakfast, didn't have to wait, and the food and service were exceptional. Prices were comparable. My vote in the debate would be for Sears, but you can't go wrong with either.Bottom line, the hotel was everything it presented itself to be on the website and in hotel literature. I have no regrets staying there, and would stay here again if ever back in San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>zigy
<Content>Great location First time we have been to San Francisco and found the whole week very enjoyable. This hotel is in a great location for both shopping and local transport. The hotel services we found were good with good rooms size and comfortable beds. We did not eat in the hotel as there are plenty of places out and about. We went to Sears across the road for breakfast most mornings (opposite the Francis Drake hotel,) exceptional breakfast and good value.We did the city tour and napa valley from the hotel. The concierge arranged it for us through Pacific Tours. The tour company use smaller 12 seater minibuses which is great for getting to know your fellow tourists, Geordie is a good guide and driver.We would definetely consider this hotel if we went back  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>swelch
<Content>Good location, so so hotel The Crowne Plaze is just a block off of Union Square, so the location is very central, but that's probably the best thing is has going for it.I stayed in a King room on an executive floor, but couldn't really tell you what was executive about it. The decor was very average and not what I would have expected for $250 a night.My rate included a continental breakfast, which was served in their cafe downstairs. The food was pretty uninspired, but there was a wide selection of options. Good for free - If I had to pay the $19 fee for this meal I would have been very disappointed.Interesting features worth noting:-there was no mini bar in the room, but there was a small fridge which was empty. If you're there for an extended stay and want to buy a few things for yourself instead of paying sky high rates for snacks and drinks, this could be helpful.-if you have a computer with you and need to print a document, they had a nice service I haven't seen before where you could upload a document to their website and then have it printed and delivered to your room or pick it up at the front desk.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>MillieLondon
<Content>Housekeeping was shocking The hotel was ok overall but my mine gripe was with housekeeping. I was in the room when it was being cleaned and looked up to see the maid rushing out with a large Macy's bag. i explained that the bag wasn't rubbish and there were expensive goods in there. She rudely told me that there wasn't and she couldn't get the bag back because it had now been 'taken'. She then said that she would try and retrieve it and it would be returned to my room later that day. When I came back to the room in the evening, there was no sign of the bag and I then called the front desk who investigated the incident. I did receive some compensation and was advised that they were taking the matter seriously. When the maid was questioned she denied even touching the bag and said I was lying. In short, I will not be returning to this hotel again!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>MzMiata
<Content>It was pretty good.       Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>2	5	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>RobSu
<Content>Wonderful Unpretentious Hotel My wife and I stayed for 5 nights and the experience was delightful. Staff couldn't be more helpful. Our room was very spacious with great views down Powell and west to Ocean Beach. This was our 3rd stay in SF and this was without doubt the best hotel and not the most expensive we've stayed in. 1 block from Union square with the cable car going past the hotel, this is ideal for shopping and access to the excellent public transport system. We would recommend this hotel for business or vacation, it is unpretentious and the effort is therefore put into making the guests stay hassel free.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Travelling33
<Content>Great Hotel This was a great hotel stay. I was in town for less than fun reasons (my father was having surgery) so having a nice retreat was wonderful. The room was large and very clean. The bed and bedding were cozy. Had dinner at the end of the day at the restaurant on site and had a delicious dinner. The location is good, close to Union Square and theaters. The staff was very nice. Free internet would be a welcomed improvement, though.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>bhoffa24
<Content>Great stay! My wife and I just got back from spending 4 nights at the Crowne Plaza.Good:Staff- The staff was one of the highlights of this hotel. Every employee said hello or asked how we were doing whether it was the doorman or one of the maids.Location- right where you want to be. one block away from Union Square, cable car stop across the street, and within walking distance of many great restaurants.Bad:The only negative that we saw was the rooms were a little small, but the bed made up for that, very comfortable.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hello_It's_Me_21
<Content>Very pleased with hotel We arrived early and were able to check in and get into the room. Large room which was clean and well appointed. The hotel is located in a great area for a tourist but beware, there are homeless everywhere in the Union Square area of San Fran.--all day and night. Never did we feel uncomfortable near the hotel, though. Union square blocks away. Chinatown starts about 4 blocks away. Great shopping everywhere. Short walk to Bart. Busses all around. Trolley right outside front door. Touristy but if it鈥檚 your first time to SF, you need to take it. Take the Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf trolley. Not a bad walk to the convention center but if you are planning on coming back with bags of stuff from a trade show, try the Pickwick hotel a few blocks from the convention center instead. It鈥檚 a boutique hotel so the vibe is different and it鈥檚 cheaper.Positives: nice little goodies in room (soaps, eyeshades, clip to hold drapes closed,, etc). Large room. Nice pillows/duvet. Good sized bathroom (not big but not tiny). Excellent pressure/heat in shower.Very quiet (you can hear cable car bell during the day only) We were on the 11th floor on the Powell St sideThey try to make your stay comfortable with a relaxation CD but it's a spoken word thing which was rather annoying.CD player bedsideNegatives: They were supposed to be luxurious soft pillow-top beds and I wonder if our room was missed. The bed was hard and not pillow-topped. I complained when we checked out but never heard back from them. They need to replace the straight shower rod with a curved one. Shower feels cramped (considering the location of the grab bar in the tub).$40/day to valet park the car. There is supposed to be a $30 lot down the street but we arrived in terrible traffic, it took 45 minutes to go 3 blocks due to a parade, so we just pulled into the valet since we found it first.CD player/clock bedside was so bright it lit up the room at night. The restaurant in the hotel too expensive. $21 for Sunday breakfast. Across the street is an average faux 50鈥檚 diner (Lori's) which is overpriced: $9 for a plain omelet. Down the street a few storefronts was a very good looking restaurant (Sears Fine Food) with a small line at 7am on a Sunday. We went to eat there at 9am and the line was down the block. We didn't have time (or patience to wait) but my guess is the food is excellent. Prices were great. Menu listed Swedish pancakes, French toast, etc. We found a hotel next door to Sears (Chancellor?) which had a breakfast menu posted outside. For about $12 we had excellent omelets with fresh vegetables/nice meats with real potatoes (not frozen) and excellent coffee in a nice environment. Up Powell 1/2 a block is a Japanese place which had an excellent lunch.Overall the hotel was nice and I鈥檇 stay again if the price was right but still, I like the Pickwick Hotel best.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>RichVATraveler
<Content>Very Good Hotel My sister and I took our mother to S.F. to celebrate her 80th birthday. After reading many hotel reviews we decided on the Crown Plaza and we were not disappointed. We stayed on the 19th floor in a Jr. Suite and the room was large and had a terrific view of the city. The bathroom was large enough to meet our needs but wish it had a exhaust fan. There was a small refrigerator that we used for bottled water and yogurt. All of the hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. We were especially grateful to the door man who was always ready to give us directions with a smile. This hotel is very centrally located and I would definite recommend it. Also, just across the street is a terrific place for breakfast called Sears. If you don't get there early, there will be a line, but it moves quickly and is worth the short wait. We also had dinner at Sears one evening but it was no match to their wonderful breakfasts.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MemphisMojoTraveler
<Content>Not bad, all in all Generally, I dislike almost everything about Crowne Plaza hotels. It's definitely my least favorite mid-scale hotel brand. But I was pleasantly surprised by the Crowne Plaza-Union Square in San Francisco. All in all, this property is not bad.For starters, the rooms are relatively spacious, at least by San Francisco standards. The location is excellent. And the rate was relatively inexpensive by San Francisco standards. (I was fortunate enough to qualify for a corporate rate that was about 40% less than the hotel's standard rack rate.) To top it off, the view from my room on the 23rd floor was outstanding. (Rooms on upper level floors with views of San Francisco Bay command a slight rack rate surcharge. But the surcharge is apparently waived for some corporate-rate guests.)My dislikes about the hotel: A very bland, uninspiring decorating scheme, which seems to be highly typical of most Crowne Plaza locations. Inadequate air conditioning in the lobby, elevators, hallways and other common areas. (The weather was unusually warm during my stay, with temperatures in the mid 70s.) Somewhat worn and outdated room furnishings and carpenting.Would I stay here again? Yes, if the price was right.Would I stay here if I had to pay anything close to the rack rate? Definitely not.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ted Fry
<Content>Pleasantly surprised at the Crowne Although check-in was slow and wonky, this was to be expected during the huge convention weekend of our stay (10/20/06). Beyond its central location and comfortable rooms, there were notable unexpected bonuses: excellent, restful bedding (critical after a cross-country flight); friendly, accommodating staff; insulation from street noise superior to most other area hotels, and absolutely breathtaking views from the upper floors. Oh, and they don't go smoke-free after accepting a smoking reservation (hear that, Marriott?) My only complaints were the indifferent concierge and the tiny (for a place of its size) lobby. Overall, a solid, reliable choice in Union Square.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>rickson10
<Content>Very Good Option For SFO very good located with friendly people, this hotel is a very good option for san francisco.we arrived 23 sept via dallas from argentina and stayed 5 nights.check-in was fast and without problems.i found the room small but confortable and cleannegative : no safety box and mini-bar in the room.all the other were fine.the relation hotel-price was very good and i recommend make the reservation with breakfast.very good location for a very nice city.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>34isit
<Content>nice hotel               More photos  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ER2
<Content>Great location, great service Spent 2 nights in a standard king room, on the 21st floor, which offered a nice view of Nob Hill.Room was terribly small, but cozy, fresh looking and very clean. The bedding was amazingly comfortable...and nice Crowne amenities were provided to ensure a restful sleep. Great shower, and clean but small bathroom. Room was quiet, windows kept the street noise out. Small but clean lobby, with a nice little bar. Service was very friendly and top notch. Internet access ($10/day, $5/hr) was reliable, wireless is available in the lobby area as well.Valet parking was quite expensive ($40/day), however you can opt to park 2 doors down in the Sutter St garage for $27/day ($30/day with in/out).Great location for shopping, strolling around Union Square, the art galleries, museums  more. Fine restaurants aplenty in the immediate area, and Chinatown is pretty close as well. Cablecar to the Wharf stops right across the street (they are usually quite full from passengers starting the ride at Union Square, so you may have to wait for a few cars to go by before finding room on one).Despite having had a smallish room, it was a good value for location and level of service. Would gladly stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>TomMQuinn
<Content>Great Rooms, Good Service I stayed here for 5 nights. The room was large and nicely furnished - it was on one of the higher floors (25th). The deli next door is good for breakfast, as is the diner adjacent and the french cafe opposite. The bar and restaurant lack soul, but there are plenty of other places close by which mean you don't have to eat there. Perfect location for all things downtown.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>stinkie
<Content>great from start to finish we arrived at the hotel for the 1st 4 nights of a 2 week holiday to celebrate our 25th anniversary and were immediately impressed with both the hotel and the staff. we were shown our room by a lovely bell-boy and were very pleased - we were on the 22nd floor and had a great view! the room itself was very large, 2 double beds, comfy armchair and footstool by the window, work desk, tv etc, large bathroom although not sure about the wallpaper!-the rest of the room was plainer, plenty of hanging space. the bed was very comfy, air con and opening window. very clean, plenty of space, and what a location! the cable car stop is right outside {although it was always full]},shops, restaurants,china town all on the doorstep and we walked pretty much everywhere, even to fishermans wharf, coit tower, lombard street etc- good exercise, nice to get a feel for the city, and we could enjoy the great food knowing we;d earned it!for a hotel in the heart of san fran this was brilliant - didn;t try the restaurant although it smelled good when you walked through the lobby! we used lori;s diner across the road for breakfast - lovely and very retro - and ate out every night. it was great at the end of a long day to relax with a glass of wine and look at the view and again at night with a nightcap looking at all the lights.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>artemis_zeus
<Content>crowne plaza union square was GREAT       view from the 18th floor  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rhubarb69
<Content>Great location I enjoyed everything about my stay at the Crowne Plaza. The location was great; near Union square shops, handy to the cable car (if you like that form of transport - I prefer foot). The food at the conference I attended was excellent. The internet connection could have been cheaper though - like free. I've stayed in cheaper hotels where it's free. The relaxation pack provided was a bit of a gimmick, but nice that they tried. The staff were all very friendly and courteous. Overall very enjoyable, and would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful everything! San Fran was our first port of call on a month long trip. We arrived before checkin time but they allowed us to check straight in. The service was second to none, with everyone from the front desk and concierge to the bartender/room service (a special mention to Tom) totally professional, courteous and friendly. Our room was well appointed, well serviced and large. We liked it so much we rebooked for our return to San Fran before flyng home to Australia. It's handy to shops, restaurants and local attractions. The cable cars to Fishermans wharf run alongside the hotel and Chinatown is just around the corner. It's a tad expensive but we definitely got what we paid for.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vesta64
<Content>Great Stay at the Crowne We came to San Francisco for a family holiday and were greatly surprised and pleased with our stay and service from the staff at this hotel. The conceirge and door staff were very knowledgable and assisted at every opportunity. The front desk staff were really pleasant and helpful as well. The beds were outstanding and great to fall into at the end of our day.Did not have an opportunity to eat at the hotel as there were too many options nearby that we took advantage of - some of which we were guided to by the door men.Will definitely stay here again, a great hotel in a very safe area and outstanding service.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ScotandHelen
<Content>Very average Poor customer service from the front desk. Not friendly, not helpful. An older type hotel, looked a bit run down. Needs a makeover to bring it up to the mark. 4 outta 10.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>techmom64
<Content>Very nice, great location Great location with great access to public transportation. We jumped on the cable car to take us everywhere. Close to chinatown and walking distance to many retail shops. Hotel was somewhat pricey but very very clean.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Choice Stayed there during the easter week. Loved the location, close to Union Square shopping locations as well as cable car turnaround.Staff was particulary friendly and attentive; Room was conveniently sized; beds excellent. Breakfast buffet offers everything needed to start the day.The only thing we would definitely not recommend is the food from the streetside Cafe Fresco belonging to the hotel. I would rank what is served there (at low cost of course) close to worst food in the world.Anyway, if we ever return to San Francisco, we will choose the Crowne Plaza Union Square again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant stay I booked hotwire and got a great deal. Staff were friendly and helpful, particularly the porters. The room was large with an extremely comfortable bed. Furnishings were bland but nice enough. Fantastic location right on Union Square, close to numerous shops and restaurants and a couple of blocks from Chinatown.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Crowne Plaza Brilliant hotel, had a wonderful stay on our first trip to the States. The location was good for walking to China Town, the shops and getting the cable car. Our room was big, airy and very clean. Would definitely return and recommend.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks Crowne Plaza We stayed here from Feb 12-19 2006. We loved the hotel. Had an oversized junior suite that was a corner room and very spacious with sitting area. The staff at this hotel were most pleasant. Every single one.The hotel was convenient because it was so central. It wasn't too far from anywhere. I had a conference at the Moscone Center and it was a very pleasant 5-10 min. walk.When we left we forgot a very sentimental blanket in our baby's crib. We forgot to call back for about 2 weeks and to our surprise, they had found and kept the blanket. Not only that but they mailed it to us at their expense. Now that's what I call service.Thanks Crowne Plaza San Francisco for a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladylawyer42
<Content>Great value I stayed at this hotel on a overnight business trip. I had stayed here quite a few years ago, and recalled that it was pretty nice, but was not sure what to expect this time. I was pleasantly surprised. The front desk was very helpful (printing out boarding pass for the next day's flight) and upgraded me without being asked to a junior suite. The room was huge, with the king-sized bed separated from the sofa/sitting area by a low wall. It was a corner room, with bay windows on two walls. The bed was very comfortable, and I liked the relaxation cd provided. The bathroom was pretty tiny, but had a good shower and fluffy towels. I had dinner and breakfast from room service, which was prompt, and the food was good.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jean5
<Content>Crown Plaza - Great location We stayed 7 nights first of Jan. 06. Location was perfect, could not have found a better place. Cable car few feet from our door, area very flat (for SF), close to shopping; restaurants. Just a couple of blocks from China Town. This was our first trip to SF and I don't think we could have found a better location. Room very quiet, very, very clean, staff very helpful. No problems whatsoever. Would definitely stay in this exact same location again.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shop_boston
<Content>Reasonable SF hotel Great location. Walk to shops/restaurants in Union Square and Nob Hill. Convinient to public transportation. Rooms above average, clean. Stayed in the quiet zone which was nice-- wasn't bothered by street noise like in a lot of the other Union Square hotels. Would stay here again, good value for the SF area if you can find a deal online.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just PERFECT!!       The room and view  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great service, small room I was in SF on business and this was one of the few places that had the number of nights I needed, six, and was close to the Moscone Center. I was able to get a corporate rate of $130 plus tax for each night.The staff service was excellent. The bell captains helped me with a ride to the airport and were exceptional in their service, the housekeeping staff helped me with some laundry, the housekeeping staff kept my room neat and tidy, the wake-up service actually came to check on me when I was unable to get to the phone to answer the wake-up call, etc. This place had better staff service than grander hotels where I have stayed.The room was smaller than some other rooms I've had, but it had a king-sized bed, a chair and ottoman, a desk, and a dresser. The TV was set on on a stand that wasn't in front of the bed, so it was uncomfortable to watch. My room gave me a view of Powell Street and I could hear the cable car bell occasionally, but overall, being on the 10th floor, the street sound wasn't bad; the only time it woke me up was when sirens were going by. The sleep kit they give you is really, really nice; I am a light sleeper, so this was very much appreciated.The bath products are very nice. Herbal and spa like. It was one of the better lines I've had in hotels; even nicer than the Parc 55, where I stayed a year ago.The location is great. There's a 24-hour Walgreens across the street, lots of casual restaurants nearby, a short walk to Union Square, a 10-minute walk to the Moscone Center, a short walk to Chinatown, a Wells Fargo machine nearby, etc. The location is far superior to the Parc 55, the only other SF hotel I've visited.The drapes had a stain on them, and the carpet seemed old and musty, but otherwise, the room was furnished nicely. The bed linens seemed very clean, including the duvet cover, which is important to all travelers.The hotel has a Cafe Fresco, which has great hours and a nice selection of foods to go, as well as some seating. For a business traveller, like myself, this was great.My one complaint is that I could smell food smells one night. I don't know if a neighboring room had room service or if the smell came in from the heating and cooling units. It was gross though. There was no way to open the window to air out my room.If I return to SF next December, I might stay there again, but I might try another hotel just to try something different.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Big room, great bed, no exec club breakfast Enjoying a large, clean room near Union Square without paying a fortune is a rarity in San Francisco. The new bedding and the sleep kit amenity really did help me sleep better in this lively city. The staff were very courteous and helpful. Usually I have access to the executive club breakfast room in Intercontinental Hotels, but they didn't have one here.... instead I went across the street to an authentic European cafe. The lobby of the hotel is small and busy; perhaps the elevators are not monitored as closely as they should be for people wandering in off the street. Overall, I was pleased and would return.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased with this coice of hotel! A friend and I were looking to stay in the Union Square area for the Nike Women's Marathon, and we were extremely pleased with this hotel for several reasons:1. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION - a few blocks up the hill from the BART station, one block from Union Square stores and the race expo, catty-corner from a 24-hr Walgreens (which I made several trips to!), right by cable car stop, and many cafes/coffee shops/restaurants to choose from. I ended up hitting a great but cheap Thai place called Bangkok on Powell twice in 3 days. We were also about a mile walk from the Ferry Bldg.2. Quasi-known quantity - we did a lot of internet research and tried to find a swanky or funky boutique hotel that met all our criteria but the most promising ones either didn't have double beds or the TripAdvisor feedback warned me off. I figured if we did have a problem, I'd have better luck resolving issues with a corporate hotel like CP than an independent place. Plus I knew I liked the new CP bedding.3. Great rate - due to luck, I was able to get my company's corporate rate, which put the CP rate significantly lower than comparable hotels in the area.This obviously won't help out most of you, but if you work for a big company with your own Travel Services, try to see if there is a corporate rate. Bonus: the sales dept had delivered to our room a little bag of Mrs. Fields cookies and a note greeting me as a visitor from my company, which was not expected but a nice extra touch.The hotel was very nice - nothing over the top luxurious, but I don't need the 5-star treatment, nor do I care to pay for it. Lobby area was small-ish but not too important to me. The room (2 dbl beds) was above avg in size, with an addl sitting area in the bay window and desk with dataport (no issue w/ the high-speed internet connection speed). Overall, I got a killer corporate rate ($130 + tax) for an above-avg hotel in a fabulous location.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mjamesChicago
<Content>Great location, staff and rooms Very nice rooms, great staff and a great location. The only negative is that the prices in the restaurant are quite expensive.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gracie123Voorhees
<Content>Parking prices are outrageous The parking prices were shocking. Even though I read previous reviews, I still parked at the hotel. We were planning on moving the car but never did. It was just too convenient. The price--with tax--was about $44.00 a night. The rooms were ok..nothing special. Our room overlooked the ugly roof tops of nearby buildings. I guess that's what you get when you book at cheapest rate. The consierge was non-existent. We talked to her on our 1st day to get directions...then nothing but an empty desk the rest of the week. When we wanted to change our reservations to leave a day early, we were treated nicely and they had no problem with it. I thought they might try to charge me for the extra day, but they didn't. The Crowne Plaza is in a great location...so if that's what you want, go there. I would say it was a average hotel in an expensive city.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Executive Level without a club room I had reservations to stay at this property in July 2005. I reserved an executive level room and not only consulted the web about the amenities but also called reservations where I was told they serve a continental breakfast and evening cocktails in the club room. When I checked in (still paying the exec level rate) I was handed a coupon to have breakfast at the hotel's restaurant and was told the club room was just an empty room with no services. Not happy with this 'bait and switch' tactic, I asked to speak with a manager. He couldn't have been more insolent. At best the management allow me to cancel my reservation as I had found another room at the Hyatt Union Square on their club level. There the expected services were available, i.e. continental breakfast, evening reception and a working club room. My advice to travelers is to beware when you plan to pay more for 'extras' promised on club levels. Hotels should be up-front about what they do and do not provide. Who wants to pay more for a room labeled club level simply because it has restricted key access in the elevator with no additional services.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very large rooms I booked a king room for last weekend, and I must say I was impressed by how large this room was, not only by San Francisco standards - but large even for a room in the middle of nowhere. However, there are many downfalls ... 1st, they extra charge for every single thing: parking is 38$plus tax, so around 44, instead of 27$ (down the street), which is still steep, but ... 2nd, the net connection is slower than dial-up, yet they charge 10$/day ... there is no breakfast, you can order it but everything is 19$+tax for room service ....that beeing said, the hotel has a perfect location, and if you get a higher floor beautifull views.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>dbalpert
<Content>Great hotel, parking nearby is cheap, Internet slow I'm a business traveler - my stay at the Crowne was very nice. The service was good, the rooms were good quality (not very big, but I didn't need that), and the beds were comfy.The parking provided by the hotel is very expensive, but just one block away is the municipal Sutter-Stockton garage, which is $7 overnight. So if you plan on using your car during the day anyway, it's great.My one complaint was that the high-speed Internet access was very slow. I was getting about 60Kbps speeds through the Ethernet, which is way lower than other hotels. That is NOT worth the $10/night fee.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EaganTraveler
<Content>Good Hotel in a Great Location The Crowne Plaza SF is located on the corner of Sutter and Powell. You cannot beat this location for access to the city center, financial district, cable cars right outside your door and only a short (5 blocks) walk to BART.The rooms are o.k. in size and have comfortable furniture. Lobby is relatively small. Did not try the restaurant since there are some many great SF restaurants in this area, North Beach and in the financial district. I did not hear any noise from the street during my stay. Only problem is that the bathroom is small and the shelf above the sink makes it difficult to use the sink without hitting your head. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>comfy, but small we stayed at the crown plaza in San Francisico for 4 nights.My husband and I could believe how perfect the location was. The hotel has really comfy beds but It is a little small. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please Read First! We booked on Priceline. We got a $150+ room for $85! Be leary booking through the hotel website, because we were amazed at the deal we got. We were so impressed with the hotel, we would stay there again in a heartbeat, even though we usually stay at Starwood hotels. +Front desk- Very accomodating and patient, we were given a corner king size non-smoking room, no problem, even though they were oversold that night.+Cleanliness- Although not overly ornate, the lobby was clean, bright and welcoming. +Room- Not large by any means, but very nicely decorated. The bathroom was spotless and the amenities were unique. The small touches made a huge difference to us. Since the hotel was on a busy street (the trolley runs right pass), there were earplugs, eye masks and lavender linen spray by our bedside. Make sure you request a room on a high level---A must to limit the noise and increase your view.-Housekeeping- That was the only bad part. They were cleaning rooms, making lots of noise fairly early in the morning to a sleepy traveller. They kept on banging the doors, talking...at first I thought it was guests, but I was wrong.I hope you listen to my recommendation and have as great as an experience as we did. Make sure you do not overpay, or else you will be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay Arrived Sunday for a 3-night stay. Rooms were a little small-ish but very comfortable. CP's relaxation/sleep program is very conducive to a good night's rest. Very convenient to Powell St. Transit Station, and cable car line stops next to the hotel. Restaurant is on the pricey side, but there are plenty of less-expensive options within walking distance. Will stay here again on future trips.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sinznstyle
<Content>Great Location The location of this hotel is excellent and if you're high up enough and towards the back of the hotel the views are excellent as well. However on the lower floors (3-11 or so) the rooms are very small and cramped. We had to switch rooms after the first night because it seemed as if the room were for one person instead of two. We were moved to the 26th floor - designated as the quiet zone. This was nice because the hotel guarantees no loud noises, tv's, radios, children, etc. The room was also slightly larger. We had a great view of the bay and Coit Tower. The trolley line runs right along Powell street which is right outside the door. The turnaround for that trolley line is only a 5-7 minute walk down Powell St about 4 blocks...however the wait in line will be about 20-30 minutes. Parking rates here are ridiculous. The parking is $38/day and that does not include the 14% hotel tax. No thanks. We moved our car up the street to 450 Sutter, where the parking was $24/day or $30/day for all day in-out priviledges and that includes tax. There's also another parking garage a little further down the block (Stockton-Stutter garage) with even cheaper rates I believe. With the in and out priviledges we chose at the 450 Sutter garage, they parked our car very close so we were always within our vehicle within 5 minutes of requesting it - even with long lines. The concierge was not friendly or helpful when we asked for help with directions and routes to different attractions. We also got free complimentary drink coupons upon check-in. Housekeeping did a great job and usually had our room spotless by noon each day. Although the rooms aren't the best I've seen (I've seen Holiday Inn Express hotels that outrank this place) I'd definitely stay again just because of the location. The location made the 9 day stay at this hotel worth the money!  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A classy hotel for a decent price. My partner and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Union Square while attending a professional conference at the Moscone Center, and we found it to be quite delightful, especially for the low price we paid. The room was clean with clean, tasteful decor. The beds were quite comfy, with plenty of pillows and quality linens. The staff was very friendly and attentive. We loved their little sleep kit, which included lavendar spray, ear plugs, an eye mask, and a relaxation CD. The bath amenities are also quite nice.We did have just a couple of complaints: 1. We were stuck right next to the elevators, so we could hear them all night. 2. We reserved a king sized bed, and ended up with two double beds. 3. The drinks at the bar were outrageously priced ($10 a piece for very basic mixed drinks). If you do stay here, be sure not to use the valet or hotel parking. It's outrageously priced at $38 +tax per day. We made the mistake of using it the first night and promptly moved our car to the city garage around the corner the next day. It's still pricey if you aren't accustomed to SF prices, but it was far cheaper ($70 for three days).The little cafe/deli downstairs is a nice place to grab a quick breakfast or lunch. We didn't try out the restaurant, but we did order some salads via room service and found them perfectly delightful.The location of the hotel is good--it's close to lots of shopping, the theater district, and not far from downtown, chinatown, northbeach, etc. If you can get a good deal, it's well worth it.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>richvabrew
<Content>Cheap/Convenient/Great place to Stay I stayed at the Crowne Plaza during the early part of February. It was a great stay except for the rain all week but the hotel couldn't control the weather. After reading other reviews, I have to say I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. The staff was extremely helpful and nice, except for the doorman that ordered us a limo for our trip back to the airport. He said it wouldn't cost over $40 and it ended up costing us $45. You can definitely book something cheaper. The maid was exceptionally nice and the room was extremely clean. My hairdryer broke on the first day of my stay and they immediately replaced it with a new one.The hotel's location is very convenient. The bed was comfortable and the non-smoking room was located on one of the higher floors (above 20) so city noise was kept at a minumum. I did not use the business center and did not need Internet service. If you need these amenities, you might consider staying somewhere else.I would stay at this hotel again, it was a wonderful visit. San Francisco is a great town!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Fascinating We stayed here last year for two days and our experience was just wonderful. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and the proximity to China Town is very very convenient. Would love to go back if given the opportunity.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We liked it and will be back. My husband and I have stayed at the Crowne Plaza twice now for business in San Francisco. Mid-January and late February 2005. The Business Center is small and there is always a wait. Plus, the internet is pretty expensive to use. We haven't tried the internet in our room and we have not tried other hotels in San Francisco, so I can not compare. We saw an internet cafe right up the street. (Cross Powell, then cross Sutter, then walk up Sutter.) We didn't go in, but a sign said $8/hour. I have to disagree with one of the bad reviews about some things. Our maid service was wonderful. Of course, we tip a couple dollars and leave a note saying Thank You and can we please have extra towels, soap... etc. It helps to be nice! Also, the waiters at the restaurant are VERY friendly. I got sick while on our trip and my husband went down to ask for breakfast to go (they have a good buffet that came with our room rate). They catered to him instantly and asked how I was doing the next morning when I showed up. I would have to say that the Bellmen are a little aloof. When they take you to your room, they are fast but friendly. When we were in the elevator with one of them, they didn't say hello, just stared at the numbers going down. This could be hotel policy though.We stayed on the executive floor which is high and has beautiful views. It is also decorated nicer than the other floors. I noticed this when we got off on the 7th floor to visit the gym. The wallpaper and carpet seemed old and dull where as the executive floor had marble flooring and bright colors. (The gym is well equipped, but busy during early evening.)They are also very slow at checking-in. We fly to Oakland and take the BART Subway all the way to Union Square. (The station is about 5 blocks from the hotel.) By the time I got to the hotel, the last thing I wanted to do was stand in line for 20 minutes to check in when there is barely anyone else around.They also have their SleepVantage program. They have a clip on their curtains to help keep slivers of light out at night and they give you an eyemask, earplugs, and a lavender spray for your linens. Lavender is very relaxing. They also have a relaxing CD, but I didn't like it.The people who visited us in our room were amazed by our view. Our rate was around $180/night and after checking similar hotels with the things we wanted, this was one of the best rates. We may check out other hotels if we have the time. But, I would have no problem staying here again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service/location at the Crowne We just had a sorority reunion (12 older women) at the Crowne Plaza Union Square and every aspect of our stay at the the hotel was excellent. The management/staff went out of their way to make our visit first class. The location is perfect...Powell and Sutter...cable car accessible and convenient muni bus routes close at hand. The rooms were bright and large and the beds were exceptionally comfortable....all new, pillow-topped. A+ rating in our book!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tonyraisins
<Content>Wonderfully Restful Room + Great Location Crowne Plaza Sutter Street San Francisco. Above average accommodations, indulgent amenities, great location in Union Square.Right in the heart of the shopping district, adjacent to the Cable Car, and near every great Theatre, Bar and Restaurant. Wonderfully appointed room, beautiful window treatments, elegant bed linens, blanket and cushy comforter. Silky covered throw pillows, comfortable reclining chair with ottoman, nice cherrywood desk with internet access.Marble shelved bathroom with expensive toiletries. A door separates the bedroom from the entrance foyer and bathroom- a great place to store shopping bags or to change clothes discreetly. Closet is rather large. Room, while not huge, is not as small as most SF hotels. It's very very comfortable for a maximum of 2 persons. Bay type window affords extra elbow room. Staff is very polished and helpful. Nice lobby bar and Restaurant - Girasole on lobby level. Excellent food and service. Hotel Guests usually receive a free cocktail and 30% off dinner. The only negative is the terrible terrible terrible problem with the homeless in and around Union Square. These are militant, obnoxious and odiferious street people, many of which have severe emotional problems. Former Mayor Brown provided a cash dividend to the homeless and attracted them by the hundreds if not thousands. They are not receiving the care and housing that many other major cities provide- they're simply left to themselves on the street. I've seen them bathe in the fountain opposite City Hall, and around Civic Center on Market Street. Often, they will not turn away if you decline eye contact, but follow and harass you. The cocktail lounge on the top floor of the Sir Francis Drake Hotel is right nearby. The historic Gold Dust Lounge Jazz Club (circa 1933) is two blocks away. Great Irish Pub - Lefty O'Douls one block away also. Tiffany's next door, Macy's across the park - great great neighborhood for shopping. Treat yourself to a nice room while in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well it was cheap... There were only two good things about this hotel - I did not pay a lot of money for the room and it was on the trolley line.My experience was terrible. I felt that the staff was rude and incompetent and the room was cramped. The maid service in particular was horrible. I had the same problem other travelers mentioned about the internet connections but found an internet caf茅 up the street. Also the price for parking in the garage was $38 a night and on the bill they charged a tax on that amount. I moved the car after the first night to the Sutter Stockton garage (about a block away) and it only cost $25 a night.Next time I will be glad to pay more money and not stay at that hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great for shopping but location totally tourist oriented We stayed on the weekend after Thanksgiving. The location is perfect for shopping and Union Square tourist activities with a cable car outside etc. The room was renovated, high up with a view so no complaints about noise. Only down side was no refrigerator in the room but ice machine near-by.There are few staff seen around but I assume security is good given the brand of the hotel.For a broader San Francisco experience, I would not recommend the hotel, due to its location, but it was perfect for shopping.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dbrown46
<Content>Excellent Value We stayed for 2 nights at $150 per night. The location is perfect--right outside the door is the cable car; shopping is all around; a few breakfast places are right across the street; and the public parking garage is one block away (TIP--it is MUCH cheaper to park your own car at the Stockton/Sutter garage which is one block away). The hotel charges $38 per day so our two nights would have been $76. Instead, our two night charge was under $45 by self parking and we had freedom to go in and out as we pleased without waiting for our car. Be sure you use the PUBLIC parking garage which is managed by the City and has reasonable rates.The room -- very clean and surprisingly roomy. The view from the 23rd floor is beautiful. The upper levels are very quiet (we even opened our window at night) and the better view is the back toward Russian Hill and Coit Tower (which we had). The bedding is very comfortable and the bed itself felt new. We were there during the strike in early November and I think because of the inconvience of hearing the workers march outside, we received complementary drinks at the bar our first night. By the way, we never heard the picket line in our room but I imagine that the guests on lower levels and in front rooms were affected!I highly recommend this hotel for its location, value and comfort. Be wary of neighborhoods when booking a downtown SF hotel--a few blocks makes a BIG difference and some areas are very sketchy. This was very safe and an easy walk into Chinatown and even up to North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf (but we able to take the cable car back and it stopped right at the door to the hotel!) We enjoyed having our car there for drives to Marin County and also into some of the residential neighborhoods.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JeremyCPortsmouth
<Content>Great hotel, great location A superb hotel well located on the corner of union square and with a tram stop right outside. The rooms are spacious and well kitted out with the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The excersize room had recently been upgraded when we stayed here and was very nice. The staff were friendly although we had a slight hicup at the end of our stay when they tried to charge us for an extra night (we had pre-paid the entire booking prior to arriving). Otherwise a top class hotel in a top class location.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAMarc
<Content>Great stay, but a bit dry on upper floors I like the Crowne Plaza because it's always kept up and clean. The staff is very friendly and the concierge was wonderful! I just told her what I wanted and it was all delivered to my room or set up correctly!The only problem was that we were on one of the upper floors of the hotel (great view!) but the wind at the top made the room so dry -- I thought I was going to have to hook up a humidifier! It's probably not bad usually, it was just the weather this weekend.I love the Crowne Plaza and would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jose_Gonzalez
<Content>Not for business travelers Here's the deal....This is an acceptable hotel for leisure travelers looking for an anonyous, safe, no-frills place to stay in an urban area...the sort of folks who plan to use the room for showering and sleeping. As a result, expect lots of pragmatic, budget-minded European tourists.For business travelers, this place is a disaster. Most rooms have no internet (imagine, no internet in SF?!?!). The lobby offers wifi, but you have to buy a $5 pass from clerks who have no idea what wifi really is. Twice the wi-fi didn't work and the clerk told me to call a number in NY! The business center consists of one multipurpose printer (fax, scanner, copier, printer all in one) which used to operate via credit card (though is now broken)...and that's it for the business center. All told, simply not very functional at all compared to even the likes of a standard Sheraton or a Marriott Courtyard.Finally, if you want a nice play to stay to impress your sweetie with luxury (e.g. a nice Westin), this is NOT your place...Very utilitarian, though clean.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Great location - near to shopping belt, cable car line, tourist information centre, good restaurants etc. I find the location very good, it's even near the half price ticket counter - you can walk there everyday to check out what are the good shows. If you are looking for good Italian food, there's one good one nearby called Scala. The room I stayed in is quite big, clean and good toilet amenities (nice oatmeal soaps). The only problem was with the front desk personnel. Except for Diane, the rest of the front desk personnel had stern faces and were not very helpful.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Great Great Great Hotel especially for the money. Booked through Hotwire.com.Great location, walkable to union square, fisherman's wharf, embarcadero, coit tower, chinatown.Friendly service. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scientist-Mad
<Content>OK, but some problems   showReview(1755839, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average hotel with great location!   showReview(1686507, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PVTraveler01
<Content>Nice rooms / good value   showReview(1553637, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ND8828
<Content>It was great!!!!!   showReview(1547053, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good deal   showReview(1537470, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Large Rooms Friendly Service   showReview(1283749, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Place To Stay   showReview(1260981, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic place to stay   showReview(1137886, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(1131029, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>faithk
<Content>Comfortable and Convenient   showReview(1091047, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mancha70
<Content>Peccato il costo del parcheggio   showReview(20302046, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>rizzatoandrea
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(20275724, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Idealement situe au coeur de SF   showReview(20550984, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tr猫s agr茅able id茅alement situ茅   showReview(20550986, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buona scelta buona posizione   showReview(19630336, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(19630335, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>In ottima posizione   showReview(19630334, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pratique et confortable   showReview(19630333, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situ茅 en plein centre de San Francisco   showReview(19630331, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parking cher   showReview(19630327, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOTEL SUPER SITUATION GENIALE   showReview(19630326, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(19630323, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super hotel 脿 San Francisco   showReview(19630329, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>el h么tel avec situation centrale   showReview(19630330, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel bien situ茅   showReview(19630322, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(18531312, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(18531314, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅 dans le quartier de Union Square   showReview(18531313, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(18531311, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(16592449, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good hotel in a perfect location   showReview(16592448, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale per girare San Francisco   showReview(16592447, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes und perfekt gelegenes Hotel   showReview(15564598, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sans surprises   showReview(14726877, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冦亸銇﹀揩閬┿仹銇椼仧   showReview(19162332, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂姐儹銈便兗銈枫儳銉?#x201d;   showReview(19158797, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>4娉娿仐銇俱仐銇熴€傛渶鍒濆埌...   showReview(19925007, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併伅銉椼儵銈ゃ偑銉儐銈ｃ偗...   showReview(19923150, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戝勾锛斻兌鏈堛伓銈娿伄瀹挎硦...   showReview(19922979, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>9鏈堜腑鏃伀2娉娿仐銇?..   showReview(19922196, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈便兗銉栥儷銈兗涔椼倞鍫淬伀...   showReview(19916704, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

