<Author>celeste95687
<Content>Marvelous Menzies After reading other reviews of the Menzies through TripAdvisor, we booked our room using wotif.com and decided on the standard room since we only planned to sleep. Great choice - decent room, very clean, 2 comfortable full size beds, no view but didn't mind. The staff were very nice and helpful. Concierge helped with bags and with plng excursions. Hotel location was excellent. It was just a short walk to the Rocks and Circular Quay and really only a few extra blocks in the opposite direction to get to Queen Victoria Bldg, Paddy's Mrkt, China Town. Also great location across from rail station. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kazlac
<Content>Excellent position Excellent location, everything within walking distance and train station just across the street. Check in wait time was far to long as well as line for breakfast, conceirge staff were excellent and more than helpful, Room was quite small but great comfy beds  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>HolidayVibes
<Content>Good Location, Value, Helpful Staff, Problem with Breakfast We stayed at The Menzies, Sydney 5th-7th December. Greeted on arrival by a very helpful concierge who took our bags before we even got indoors. We were allowed access to room an hour early, helped with sightseeing recommendations, map and more. All staff were friendly and genuinely helpful. Room was clean, value for money (standard room), lookout onto small park was nice, a little noise being beside a busy bus and train station and sirens at night but not enough to annoy. Should have remembered to ask for a room away from lift though, as recommended on here, as people can be very noisey when returning to rooms at 3am.Easy walking distance to shopping district (hotel is in business/financial sector), walk to The Rocks area, Ferry/Circular Quay, walk to Darling Harbour.We did not eat at hotel Friday night but visited the Sports Bar (open to public) on our return at 10pm which had a karaoke evening running. Saturday, breakfast was good, plenty of food. On returning to late Saturday night we asked for dinner at 10pm and although restaurant was about to close we were able to eat. The food was really good, prices high though ($35 main) with need to buy veg/salad seperately and small meals. We needed desert which made for a large dinner cost (would have been way too high without Accor Card). Big thanks to our dinner hostess (Joey) who was very friendly and helpful. Staff did not know this was a special meal (anniversary) yet we receieved wonderful service, just a little rushed but it was rather late at night.Sadly a serious problem at breakfast Sunday morning. First bite of food (poached egg with spinach) my husband bit onto something hard which was a piece of broken glass. He was shocked and scared as this could have been very serious had he swolled it or bit harder, cutting mouth or breaking a tooth etc. I approached the Host and he called out the Chef (I think) but no action was taken. The remaining similar food items were not removed from the serving table. On our checkout (queues as it was 10am but fast moving and an easy process) we complained again and asked for breakfast not to charged to our account as we had not eaten as we were both shaken by the experience. The young lady on reception accepted this well. Our bags were stored without extra charge for a few hours so we could sightsee until leaving.On return home I emailed the hotel as I felt the broken glass in egg was a serious lapse and not adequately dealt with as remaining food was not removed. I had to email a second time four days later before I received a reply which basically agreed with my statements. There was no apology. I really hope that staff were spoken to about this as we feel we were very lucky that my husband was not injured. We were flying back to N.Z that night. In all other ways we loved our stay. The Menzies is an older hotel, clean and good value. Their biggest asset is extremely dedicated staff (except perhaps in the breakfast kitchen). We plan to stay again next year but feel a little undecided and we would not eat at the breakfast restaurant again. These mistakes happen rarely but must be dealt with correctly if they do.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>axxxaaa
<Content>good hotel Good hotel but nothing special.Very good position right in the city center , near the shopping area, the Opera house and the harbour.The room was large but absolute no view. And the bathroom need to be refurnished.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tardykat
<Content>Good location, ok rooms We stayed here as part of a tour group. Our room was 419 with single beds. The wheels on the beds were so sensitive that a slight touch to the bed sent it moving sideways. The view from the window was of another building outside. The room was quite small but brightly lit. Bathroom was decent sized but I found the European half glass shower/tub enclosure to be annoying as water gets on the bathroom floor if you're not careful. Breakfast at the hotel was ok.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Elcroz
<Content>Happy to Recommend The location of the Menzies Hotel and its friendly professional staff were the standout positives of a recent three day stay in Sydney. We were pleasantly surprised given concerns expressed by previous reviewers.Our Superior Park View corner room on the sixth floor was very spacious clean and comfortable. Apart from the king bed there was a two seat sofa and coffee table, writing bureau and built-in wardrobe. The bathroom was large and recently renovated. One must remember this is a longstanding inner Sydney Hotel, so is not a modern construction. Refurbishment can only achieve so much. The room was very quiet and there was no extraneous noise. The breakfast buffet in the Carrington Restaurant was varied and adequate but not spectacular. The dinner menu in the Parkside Restaurant was tasty and well presented but expensive.Main meals ($35+) came with no vegetables, which are served as side dishes for a significant additional cost.Use of the attractive pool, sauna, spa and gym facilities was complimentary.We were very happy with all aspects of our stay at the Menzies. However without the benefit of the discounts associated with my Accor membership, we would have found the full cost of accommodation and dining very pricey and not good value for money.Still, on my family's experience utilising two rooms, I happily recommend the Menzies. We were grateful that one room was ready for an early check-in even though the hotel was particularly busy, as we were travelling with our infant grandson. Staff were happy to oblige with any request.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RicoFan
<Content>Good Location We had done our homework online in Canada prior to our month long trip to Asia and Austalia. Having stayed at the Menzies before, we thought it best to take advantage of the location and ammenities close by. We had reserved an  executive  room, supposedly newly rennovated and on an exexutive level. It was on the 12th of 13 floors but the room size was no more than a small motel room size with absolutely no shelves or drawers. We were also astounded at the charge of $30/day for internet access, a must to communicate with our family back home. We had just spent the previous 3 weeks in hotels and resorts in the Philippines, Singapore and Cairns and the Menzies just didn't measure up for the price. We were reassigned to a suite after indicating that the  executive  room was inadequate but the upgrade cost another $30/night. Next time in Sydney we will probably consider another hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	-1	1	

<Author>fattyboombalada
<Content>Do not recommend I frequent Sydney hotels for business and to sum, this place doesn't cut it. Old and dated, it gives the illusion of something it's not with a renovated lobby.After complaining of the smell and look of my assigned room, I was upgraded to a parkview room or whatever they wanted to label it. Not much better really. I had a view over the tiny Wynyard park where I could spot a couple of rats running around.The television was barely audible at its highest volume and there was a very mild sewrage stench coming from the toilet. Furniture is old and dated and room service just on edible.Service OK but slow. Would not recommend this place to anyone. I'd rather the 3 star Travelodge up the road or investing in the Westin at Martin Place.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>k_s_uk
<Content>Great Location....but could do with a facelift! Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. I booked this hotel for its location and it delivered - 5/10 mins to circular quay and darling harbour. The lobby as mentioned in reviews before is very grand, but unfortunately this doesn't go for the bedrooms - they are clean and the bed I had was large and comfortable, but the hotel is in need of a re-fit. Then again we were in Sydney and didn't spend that much time in the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>clivealtrincham
<Content>Basic but OK Basic, but OKOur room was small with a 4ft wide window. If you have a room at the rear you will be looking out on a brick wall - the hotel next door!But Sydney is not for spending your time in a hotel room. Bridge, Opera house, Ferries, Darling Harbour etc are all within 10-15 min walking distance. Decent inexpensive meals in the basement sports bar. So all in all this hotel is well positoned, good if basic rooms and reasonable value for money.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>voyager81
<Content>Old and tired Great location, but hotel itself has seen better days. Rooms are dark and outdated. Service is friendly albeit slow.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Libs85
<Content>Nothing special, no problems Stayed at the Menzies for two nights and found its central location fantastic.While the lobby is quite grand and beautiful, the rooms are really a bit old and tired. There was nothing actually wrong with the rooms, making for a pleasant stay, we just found it was a bit dark and stale.Really no other complaints, we got room service during the night, which was lovely and the staff were all helpful and courteous. Would stay again for the price.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>516
<Content>Great stay at the Menzies The Menzies is in an ideal location for exploring Sydney. Winyard Station, a major transportation hub, is across the street, and all of the major sites are within walking distance or a short taxi ride. We enjoyed being able to walk home from the Opera House or after dinner. In addition, there is an underground shopping mall that can be entered by crossing the street and has all the amenities a traveller needs. It includes a supermarket and a food court that caters to the CBD office crowd, but some businesses are open on the weekend, too. Our room was very comfortable, and the hotel staff was friendly, welcoming, and unfailingly helpful.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nikiandpauldundee
<Content>gday from up and over Menzies hotel was ok, fine for central sydney location but if was certainly not plush. great location for walking around but accomodation itself not that great. Clean and bed comfy, but not the best we stayed in. However, max brennans chocolate shop is a minute from the door and the hot chocolate is unbelievably good and chocolate oizza you need to try!! Breakfast in the hotel was unusual in that you needed to have a token to get your breakfast in the morning??  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	1	

<Author>Redback_Venom
<Content>Great service and a great stay This hotel is quick and easy to get to from the Sydney airport. It is a short 15min train ride from airport to Wynyard station, and the hotel is located immediately opposite one of the main entries to the underground railway. Even better, the hotel is within a 10min walk of Circular Quay , Darling Harbour, shopping arcades and the monorail.The Hotel doesn't look much from the outside, but step inside it is surprises immediately as my wife and I found out.It was very warm and inviting, and had a great relaxed atmosphere. Upon arriving 2 hours early, they checked me into my room without a fuss, making the whole experience that much more enjoyable. In fact it was the service at this hotel that made all the difference for me.Keeping in mind this is not a 5-star hotel, during our stay it would be hard to argue against the fact that the service was outstanding. Reception and Concierge were all more than willing to lend a hand, offer some tourism advice, where to visit, what to do, where to go, and did everything with a genuine smile and desire to help. I really can't say enough bout how good the staff actually were during our stay!The rooms are not big, but they are clean and tidy, and the bed was comfortable - very important!The Hotel has a sports bar with many screens broadcasting live events, with a cheap bar menu with good food. The Parkside restaurant on level 2 was fantastic with really good food, and is alongside the Piano Bar with some great music and a good atmosphere. Highly recommended. We dined there once and like we found with the rest of the hotel, the service was exceptional. There is a cafe style lounge near receiption with comfy seats, but we didn't hang out there at ll as here was so much to do around Sydney! We have had better buffet breakfasts elsewhere, but it wasn't bad. The hotel also offers a well equipped gym and an indoor lap pool.We chose this hotel as we are Accor Advantage Plus members and therefore receive good rates and discounts on dining. We have also previously stayed at the Novotel Rockford Darling Harbour in Sydney, and in comparison we more highly rate the Menzies, as the service, food and facilities are far superior.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ACtraveller
<Content>Nice hotel, but not quite 4 stars..       Standard room  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Reviewer14
<Content>Comfortable average hotel in a good location I stayed at this hotel as I was working in Sydney for a few days. My company booked it for me due to the location being nearby the offices I was working at.The hotel is in an ideal location. It is a short 10 minute walk to the Rocks, Opera House  Bridge, and also only around 10 minute walk to Darling Harbour. (There is also a train station across the road for transport).The lobby is very nice, lots of seating and a grand piano that sometimes has someone playing it. There is also a little cafe there for convenience.The check-in staff were very helpful, gave us good directions and maps to where we wanted to go.The room was adequate, bed comfortable, it was just an average room with nothing special but nothing bad either. The bathroom was quite small but not enough to bother me. The only main complaint I had is that the walls are very thin, so you can hear what is being said in the hallways, and also the plumbing is very noisy. My work collegue was staying in the room directly above me, and I could hear every time she flushed her toilet.Cleaning ladies were very polite when they were passed in the hallway, and the ladies working at the cafe were overly helpful with giving directions to my friend who was picking me up and having trouble.I would be happy to stay here again if the price was right, due to the great location.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>uhcoogdebi
<Content>Great hotel       My room at the Menzies.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bug09
<Content>great location I have stayed many times at the Menzies for work. The hotel is easy to reach via rail, and shopping and restaurants are a few minutes walk from the hotel. The rooms are clean and comfortable and quiet. Thoroughly recommended for either work or leisure.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jamesff00
<Content>Good Hotel in an expensive area We were only looking for couple of nights in Sydney while we traveled up the coast with our two young children. With only a couple of days we wanted to stay in or near the Rocks. The best deal going was the Menzies winter special.We were met by the bellman who had off loaded our car by the time I had quickly checked in. The room was large, clean and well equipped. The lounge downstairs was excellent. The only time we used the dining room was for breakfast but it too was an outstanding hot buffet, made even better since it came with the room. We did not use any of the hotel services. The hotel is in a an excellent location. Close enough to walk to anywhere (Rocks, Darling Harbour but a little far for Chinatown.)About the only drawback is parking but it may also be great for the area, hard to compare. The garage is accessed by car from behind the hotel but you walk in from the train station across the street and when you leave the garage you are a few blocks from the hotel entrance. It is very confusing if you don't know where you are going.Originally the big draw was the price as compared to others in the area but after staying here I would say that even at a higher rate, this hotel is as good as any in the CBD, and we stopped in a few to compare.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>petali4
<Content>"You will not be disapointed" My wife and I stayed at the Menzies Hotel for three nights recently and from the moment we stepped from the cab we were treated as if we were the only guests especially from Andrew who welcomed us. In fact all the staff were excellent right to the cleaning lady who greeted us with a cheery good morning. Menzies your staff are a credit. We'll be back!RegardsDerek  Coral Smith  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wildthing271
<Content>Very VERY comfortable bed! I've stayed in The Menzies many times, principally on the strength of the excellent location, the very very comfortable beds and the value for money.In line with some of the other reviewers here, the rooms probably have seen better days. The bathrooms badly need an upgrade, and the wallpaper in some rooms is fraying and needs replacing. Bedroom windows are filthy, but this is not unique to The Menzies as the city is still under water restruictions. It is evident that some upgrades are under way - rooms now feature flat screen TV's for example, and decor in the communal areas seems to be refreshed. Those minor gripes are more than liveable with. Personally, I find the beds in this hotel amongst the most comfortable of any I have slept in anywhere. The bed linen is clean and crisp, as are the towels in the bathroom.I find the staff at the hotel very friendly as well - check in and out was very efficient, bell staff were friendly and efficient (don't think I had to open the door of the hotel once, so efficient were the bell staff in ensuring they opened it for me!), and the members of the management team I encountered were extremely polite and friendly.I didn't sample the hotel restaurant on this occasion. Unless breakfast is included in the room rate, I object to the price any city centre hotel charges for breakfast - there are plenty of nearby cafes offering freshly cooked breakfasts for a fraction of the price. I did sample a few drinks from One Four, the lobby bar, and again service was good, price reasonable, and location in the lobby great for people watching.The location of this hotel is great. It's 10 minutes walk to Circular Quay, 10 minutes to Darling Harbour, and is located adjacent to Wynard bus terminal and railway station (conveniently on the airport line).I can't lie and say that this is the best hotel in Sydney, but from my experience, in terms of staff friendliness, bed comfort and location, it offers great value for money if you are prepared to accept one or two shortcomings.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>EricaLynn
<Content>Adequate Accommodations in a Wonderful Location My husband and I stayed at the Menzies for five nights in mid May 2008. Although I鈥檝e rated this property as three stars above, this is one of those times when I really wish that Trip Advisor allowed for half stars 鈥?in my mind, the Menzies was a solid three-and-a-half star hotel.As has been mentioned here many times before, the Menzies鈥?most appealing quality is its location. The hotel is located directly across from Wynyard Station, although we never once used the station because everything else we wanted to access within Sydney was also within walking distance of the Menzies. Circular Quay and The Rocks were only about a ten-minute walk up George Street, and the Kings Wharf area of Darling Harbour was even closer, only about three blocks away. Central Station was about a 25-minute walk for easy access to all of the suburban and intercity trains.The Menzies lobby was nicely done, and the common areas on the first floor (the restaurant and piano bar) were charming albeit a bit worn. We took a quick peek into the pool/Jacuzzi area but never used those facilities. Our room was an even-numbered room on the seventh floor of the south wing. The view was directly into the windows of an office building, as others have described. We were initially assigned an odd-numbered room on the third floor with a view across to Wynyard Station, but we relocated to a room with a single queen bed instead of two twin beds (we were going to just push the twin beds together, but they were on wheels; according to other couples with whom we spoke, we made the right choice, as the twins kept rolling apart in the middle of the night when they tried pushing them together). So for those who care about the view from your room, I鈥檇 suggest requesting an odd-numbered room! For us, it didn鈥檛 matter because we spent almost no time in our room.Our room was plain but clean and of an adequate size. There was no in-room safe. The small closet included quite a few hangers, but drawer space was limited. There was a minibar in the room that proved useful for chilling some wine picked up in the Hunter Valley (a corkscrew was also provided in the room), and the small table with two chairs offered some extra space to spread out. The bathroom was somewhat small but did offer a full-size shower and a decent amount of counter and shelf space for toiletries. Of note, I understand that the north wing rooms have been renovated, so perhaps they are of a higher caliber than what we found in the south wing.I have two big complaints about our room. The first is that the air conditioning was quite ineffective. I tend to like it rather warm and it didn鈥檛 get much above 70 degrees outside, and even I was a bit uncomfortable trying to sleep, so I imagine that the Menzies rooms could be quite unpleasant for someone who prefers cooler temperatures and/or who visits during the heat of summer. My other complaint pertains to the sensitivity of the smoke detectors. In multiple places throughout the room, warnings were posted that taking a shower with the bathroom door open would cause the smoke alarm to go off due to the steam. On our first night at the Menzies, we were awoken around 10:30 pm by the fire alarm (normally not a big deal, but we鈥檇 gone to bed at 9 pm because of jet lag!). Subsequent announcements were made that it was a false alarm. No one would tell us for sure that it had been caused by the combination of poor bathroom ventilation and overly sensitive smoke detectors, but that was the going theory鈥?br/>We stayed at the Menzies as part of a package deal through Smartours, so I can鈥檛 really comment specifically as to the value of our stay. However, at $1399 per person for three nights in Tahiti, five nights in Sydney, all transfers, breakfast every morning, and roundtrip flights from LAX, I KNOW the Menzies portion of our trip cost was well below rack rates! For those considering purchasing the $30 buffet breakfast, I would suggest looking elsewhere. We ate the breakfast every morning because it was part of our package, but some of the food was not of the best quality, and the selection was limited and did not change from day to day. With the Menzies being so ideally located, there are MANY other breakfast options to choose from in the area.Internet access is available in the rooms, but I believe the charge was $12 per day. We instead opted to use the computers in the business center on the ground floor. These computers were coin-operated; cost was $2 per 15 minutes of internet access. The Menzies also offered a small alcove filled with tourist brochures. The concierge was kind enough to book a tour for us so we did not need to make the call from our room. Overall, the staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful.I would not hesitate to stay at the Menzies again if I found that it was part of a package that seemed like a good value. If I were instead making hotel arrangements on my own, however, I would definitely see what other options might be available in a similarly wonderful location.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JamieCLondon
<Content>Very 80's (and not in a good way) Not worth it.Booked it as a secret deal on lastminute, and when I saw what it was i regretted it straight away.Would have been a great hotel in the 80's. Have no idea why it is 4 stars. The room was too basic, much akin to a motel room.Stay else where is my recommendation.I got a 50% discount and was disappointed, god knows why people pay full price to stay there.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CM101746
<Content>Fun in Sydney This hotel is impressive when you walk in the lobby. It is also very conveniently located across the street from the Underground Train Station which is loaded with shops and eateries as well as transportation. The room was comfortable and clean. The bed was firm, good for sleeping. There are a couple of cocktail lounges in the hotel as well as a restaurant. Internet service is available for hire in the business center. Transportation is super with cabs, buses and subways abounding. The hotel is also near LOTS of shopping, restaurants, famous sites, etc. Great vacation location.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kiwitraveller055
<Content>Lovely central Syndey hotel The Menzies in Sydney is a lovely old hotel to stay at. We were looked after very well, the front desk people friendly and polite. The concierge are outstanding and rushed to open the front doors for us when we returned. The pool/sauna area was well used by us and our family liked it. The gym has excellent equipment and good layout. We had a superior park view room, it was situated down the quieter street of the hotel, so not as noisy as the front would have been. We felt the room was a good size for the four of us. We didn't use the restaurants at the hotel, a bit expensive for what we were looking for, but there are food halls etc all very handy to the hotel. I would definately recommend this hotel to stay for a holiday.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>caneable
<Content>Great location, shame about the place! Check in was polite and good. The location is excellent. Right by Rail and bus links and a handy walk from The Rocks, Circular Quay and Darling Harbour. We had been booked into a superior parkview room. Don't know if it was as you couldn't see through the thick cake of grime on the window! It would have been helpful had I spent weeks in limbo dancing lessons as the route into the bathroom, especially in the dark, was incredibly intricate. The words swing and cat come to mind. Added to that, the room was opposite the lift which yawned and creaked all night and so neither of us got a good night's sleep!The next day we enquired about a change and front desk promised to see what they could do, and they did! At first we were quite pleased. It was the only room available and was a downgrade, but actually it had a far better layout, and much more space. Hastily we accepted the change and didn't notice until later the interconnecting door! And we heard everything, and I mean everything! Given that the lady told the gentleman that he had only paid for once, we felt as though we had landed next door to a brothel! Thanks management, I'm so pleased that you value your tourist customers so highly.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>holyhead30
<Content>what a rubbish hotel it a shame the hotel looks nice till you get inside the corridor and rooms very shabby hotel staff not helpful at all i would,nt give it a star at all just dont book there  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Kiwi19
<Content>Never Again Spent three nights and never again! Booked a refurbished executive room and couldnt believe the tiny size of the room ,the air conditioning vent was filthy and there was only one chair for two people. Complained to reception and the young lady showed me to a bigger room on a lower floor which was filthy with dust. She realised I was upset and told me that if I wanted to go to another hotel she thought the manager would not charge me!!I then asked to speak to the manager who listened to my complaints and then managed to find another room for us. He also gave us free breakfasts but these were very poor quality. My husband and I have been on an extended holiday in Hong Kong, New Zealand Australia and Dubai and this hotel and facilities were by far the poorest in all areas. I cannot believe it is 4 star more like 2. Cleanliness was very poor and also very worrying when the fire alarm went off at 5am noone moved on the 14th floor and no member of staff came to speak to us even though the fire brigade arrived. Surely the hotel should have been evacuted?  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>SKILancs
<Content>Excellent Central Location Central location, convenient for all attractions. Easy access by train from airport. Located across the road from Wynyard station for both buses and trains. Park area directly opposite. Rooms small, restricted drawer space but clean and comfortable just manageable for 6 day stay. Breakfast excellent.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>NoneColumbus
<Content>Elegant, very friendly and attentive, but small room and a bit too noisy.       Front  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ozmadmax
<Content>Shabby This hotel may have seen better days. Location may be the only good point (close to business and tourist sites). Rooms in need of a refurbishment and tiny bathrooms (mind your head when you step in the shower). Public areas are a little tired.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>travelfromheretother
<Content>Dependable value in a great location I stayed at the Menzies for three nights for business. The location is superb within walking distance of the rocks, circula quay, the opera house, and the other CBD-sites . The hotel is large and plays host to plenty of tour groups. Be prepared to see buses outside and piles of luggage being checked. My room was adequate, but with a tiny window and no view. Desk space for working was fine and the lighting and a/c were sufficient. Bathroom is small but has nice finishes.The hotel is older --- that's clear from the elevators, the hallways and rooms and the pool, which looks like the set from a bad 70's movie. (Dark, indoors, weird shaped, underground.) But the hotel tries its best and I experienced particularly notable service while there. The bottom line is, this hotel is the place to stay if you'd rather save money on loding to spend on Sydney's sites or restaurants.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Danamal
<Content>Great Location with some local flavor Older hotel in the Central Business District with some local flavor and character - room was clean and quiet - and LARGE!! Good elevator service, and convenient indoor pool. Yes the place is older but it was fun to sit in the lobby and listen to the pianist and watch the activity outside. Train station and metro right outside the door - walking distance to the Harbour and Opera House. Friendly and helpful staff. Stayed here 5 nights as part of tour, and for the price I thought it was great value. Breakfast hearty and plentiful. Affordable and fast Internet Service in the lobby along with a reasonably priced Gift and Convenience store. Overall a pleasant experience in a great place.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>bellagirl11
<Content>Tired, shabby, noisy... I stayed at the Menzies on Mardi Grad weekend, because there was not much else available in Sydney, and I can understand why this was available. The hotel is in a good location - across the road from the train station, and a number of buses, a short walk from ferries and more buses, close to the Rocks and tourist sites. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room that we stayed in was a good enough size, but was very dated, shabby and dark - it looked like it had been decorated in the early 90s and hadn't been touched since. The bathroom had a shower over the bath, but didn't have a proper shower screen so water went all over the bathroom when having a shower. There was no soundproofing of the room - we could hear the people in the room next to us have a shower, giggle, flush the toilet, as well as being able to hear people walking along the corridor and the lift moving up and down (luckily I am a heavy sleeper). The bed was also really soft and uncomfortable, although that is quite a personal choice, so not really the hotels fault. And lastly, not a big deal, but the hotel was meant to have BBC World on the tv, and instead had some American news channel (CBCN or something). Overall, there are many better hotels in the area for the same price, so I would not stay here again - unless it was Mardi Gras weekend and it was the only place available.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>newbie24
<Content>Great Hotel My boyfriend and i have just got back from a 3 week holiday in Australia. We spent a week in this hotel in Sydney and loved every minute. It is very quiet, we didn鈥檛 hear another guest when we were in our room, and there were plenty of guests staying. I would defiantly stay again. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The concierge booked a few restaurants for us and gave us a few tips on places to see. The Hotel is great for business users as it is in the CBD and is also brilliant for holiday makers as it is in a great location. A 10 minute walk in one direction to the Rocks and Circular Quay where you can see the spectacular Sydney Harbour Bridge, Opera House and Botanical Gardens or catch a Ferry to the Zoo or Manly. And a 10-15 minute walk the other way to Darling Harbour to watch the sunset and eat fresh seafood - but beware, this is expensive, even compared to London prices. The hotel is also located opposite a bus stop and taxi rank and also Waynard Underground station where you can catch the train to Bondi beach and Sydney's Suburbs.The Hotel has a very sophisticated look and feel with dark wood and marble finish throughout in all public areas. The rooms are very clean and modern with large queensized beds and flat screen TV's and the Hotel is extremely well equipt with a gym, sauna, swimming pool, gift shop, Sports Bar with free Pool tables, Piano Bar, Restaurant. We were surprised to find that the Sports Bar was not open at the weekend and closed at 10pm most nights. However the Piano Bar was open later and is well worth a visit on a Saturday Night. Great value for such a good hotel, would recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TedC
<Content>Reasonable, central hotel.       View from window of Wynyard Station.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Buffaloman
<Content>A Mixed Bag The Menzies bargain rates and center city location are positives. Downtown sites are easily walkable, or the center city train lines all pass through the station right across the street. The property however is older and rather tired. Rooms featured among the most comfortable beds I've found in a hotel, but also leaks in the bathroom ceiling, ineffective air conditioning (room could not be cooled below 76 F.), and mildewed smells in common areas. If you are looking for a cheap place to sleep, The Menzies might be your place, if you want a first-class hotel experience, it is best to look elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	4	2	

<Author>Ajs30
<Content>What a dismal night! Hmm...due to an early morning medical appointment we needed to stay in Sydney for the night. Unfortunately for us, the Menzies was the closest hotel to where we needed to go.Upon checking in, neither the doorman or the desk staff offered to have our bags taken to our room...perhaps the first of many bad signs.Surprised at the cheap rates for a 4 star hotel, the surprise was all ours when we saw our free upgrade to the 'Connor Suite' on the 14th floor. It was like stepping into a time machine and stepping out in 1971!We went back down to ask if there was anything else available and upon seeing our alternatives, we decided to stick with what we'd been given.The room was dated and grubby. Upon examining the 'kitchenette' I found rubbish placed in the cupboards, obviously too high for housekeeping to see or reach.The carpet was tatty, the walls grubby. The curtains needed washing and as this was a non smoking room, had a number of cigarette burns in them...perhaps a sign of when they last were cleaned.Our son required a roll away bed and after heading out we returned to find it...tattered and torn on one corner.One t.v required a technician to recieve a decent picture, and our king sized bed was fitted with a the bead head of a double bed.The view from the room was over a dingy park where I watched drunks and homeless people settle down for the evening.The hotel's restaurant, touted as something special was nothing more than average. Our garlic bread arrived without garlic, my $35 lamb rack, tough and chewy. The wine list however was good. Than goodness our Accor card got us 33% off the $200 bill (for 2 adults and one child)!The next morning saw us at the buffet breakfast. It was o.k and whilst the staff were pleasant, they could have spent more time cleaning the mess the last people who sat at our table left on the seats.When checking out, we were asked how we'd enjoyed our meal the night before. Our lack of excitement was met with stoney silence.The only good things I can say about the Menzies, is that our suite was large.All in all, I couldn't wait to leave and will never be going back again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	4	-1	

<Author>rugbypopsie
<Content>Convenient and Comfortable Menzies Our two days in Sydney during the Christmas break were just great. The Hotel has a discounted parking arrangement in the connected parking lot which you can reach off Wynyard Lane but we left the car and walked everywhere. Easy walk to Darling Harbour, Chinatown, the Quay even the Casino was only 15mins by foot. Restaurants everywhere within easy walk. We sampled the hotels restaurant also, lovely ambience, beautiful wood panelling and good service. Breakfast was the usual buffet fare but quite good. Our room was small but very clean and well presented. The staff were friendly and welcoming. We will definately use again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>PerthTraveller99
<Content>Convenient location and good value for money Stayed at the Menzies for two nights and was not disappointed. Porters collected our bags from the car and delivered to the room.The room was a park view and had a lovely view over wynyard park. Room was very clean with a marble bathroom. Walls were very solid and we heard nothing from other rooms during our stay.Concierge was helpful.This hotel provides excellent value for money in one the of the most convenient locations within Sydney - a short walk to the harbour and above Wynyard station.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>suntrvlr
<Content>Location, Location, Location We were in Sydney on a tour for 5 days. The hotel is in a great location as other reviewers have mentioned. The hotel is a three star hotel but the location earns the fourth star. Some of the rooms are old and small. If you want a king bed request it. Sometimes they will give you a twin room. Most of the time they will 'zip' the beds together. We had a horrible room 405; small, musty, right off of the elevator and we had to make a bit of a fuss for them to move us. The room was dreadful! But they moved us to 225 (or 228) i can't remember...and the new room was spacious with a flat screen tv. Go figure! I would recommend this hotel. You can get where you need to go easily by train, bus, taxi, ferry or on foot.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>galaga_girl
<Content>Superb Location I stayed here with a friend for 2 nights to go to a concert, having the train station (wynyard) right across the road was a bonus and one of the main reasons why we stayed here. The area felt safe at night, I usually stay around Haymarket/Darling Harbour but would stay here again. The room was HUGE, but we had a lovely view of a brick wall! The bathrooms were clean and service was great. The only downside is the cost, it is quite expensive and don't even bother with room service - WAY OVERPRICED.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Karate80
<Content>Wonderful hotel This hotel is wonderful. Me and some friends only stayed one night but the bed was so comfy, the room was lovely and clean and spacious. The bathroom was nice and the location of the hotel is very handy. Its right across from Wynyard Station so very close to trains and buses and there are food places nearby. Close walk or taxi ride to all the clubs and restaurants. Hotel staff nice and polite. The bed was so soft that we didnt want to get up the next morning, very comfortable and definately recommended if your after a comfortable room and handy location. Room service is also wonderful.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iamsiam
<Content>mmm you get what you pay for I booked the hotel through lastminute.com.au for mystery hotel deal. After staying at Crowne Plaza Darling Habour for a night (A$215 a night) on business, I moved to the Menzies for a better rate as it's out of my pocket. At $144 a night on average ($129 Friday + $159 Saturday), I had to keep telling myself that it was just a bed and clean bathroom with reasonable price that I needed.The room looks a bit old and still nice and clean. There is no bad odour. Bathroom can be a touch cleaner. The first day I found my towel got a bit of coffee smell but looked clean. The second day the replaced towel had no bad smel. All is in acceptable condition. I guess I see it as four star hotel with the same rating as Crowne Plaza as rated on lastminute website but what I got at Crowne Plaza was way better (newer condition and more luxury) for the same star rating but at a higher price.Good thing, the Menzies has spa/swimming pool and sauna while Crowne Plaza has not.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>lithlith
<Content>Menzies Sydney       hotel bathroom  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>AussieKaren
<Content>Perfect Location in Sydney I have just returned from a business stay in Sydney and this motel is a gem. It is directly opposite Wynyard station and Wynyard Bus Stop which makes everything in Sydney accessible. It's a very short 5-10 minute walk to Circular Quay and a very short walk to the main shopping district. Heaps of food options within easy walking distant inclusing your usual fast food outlets (starbucks, McDonalds, Subway, 7 eleven etc)The service was outstanding. Check-in and check-out was fast and easy. The indor pool, spa and gym were all great and not busy. Room service was quick and the meal was a good size. The room was big and enough room to walk around easily.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lottie1
<Content>Excellent location We stayed here for four nights in late July.I booked this from the lastminute.com website as it was a secret 4* hotel in central Sydney at AUD99 a night.The location is definitely fantastic, right opposite Wynyard Station, two blocks from Pitt St and about a ten minute walk to Circular Quay and the Rocks.The reception area is certainly wonderful as are all the other public areas (except for Sporters Bar - if you hate karaoke don't go there!).The staff are also fantastic. Everyone had a smile on their faces and nothing was too much trouble.Once you go up to your floor though the scenery changes a bit! The hallways are very drab and in desparate need of a paint.Our first room was a queen bedded room on the back of the building so the view was of an office building. If you were staying on your own for a couple of nights it would have been quite okay. However there was nothing to put your bag on so we put everything on the floor and with two big suitcases it certainly cut down the room.My husband quickly decided this wasn't going to be the room for us and went down to reception and for $20 a night we were upgraded to a room on the front of the building with a king size bed.This room was a little bit bigger but still very tired looking with dinged furniture and a grey trim everywhere.There are two chairs in the room, one for the desk and the other a very uncomfortable bucket chair. So, sitting on the bed was the most comfortable option and I'm really not a fan of that.The bathroom was very small and if you are over six foot be prepared to not be able to stand up properly in the shower/bath as the roof is lower over that part of the room. I guess it was functional though.The air-conditioning was a disaster. It just didn't seem to work at all and we ended up switching it off and opening the window. Luckily it wasn't too noisy outside as it was a weekend. I don't know if I would be able to cope with being there in summer.We did have breakfast at the hotel one morning. It was AUD29.50 for a full buffet which had a great selection. Down at Circular Quay there are quite a few restaurants that do breakfast in the morning.There aren't a huge number of places to eat right near the hotel so the best thing to do is to walk down to the Rocks or Darling Harbour where there are a number of restaurants. We found great pizza at Zia Pina on the Rocks and Thai at Chinta Ria in Darling Harbour is fabulous.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>nriemen
<Content>Excellent location and staff! Great front desk! Everyone was always willing to help! Great location: short walk to: The Rocks, the harbor and Opera House areas. A liquor store just a few doors down and lots of shopping underground across the street for take out meals, cold drinks, etc.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>perfectlyperth
<Content>Loved the Menzies       Menzies. Big comfy bed  walk in robe.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>fishman620
<Content>Great Location The Menzies Sydney was very centrally located. Right across the street was there train station and you could catch the bus right outside the door. We were within walking distance of both harbors. The room itself was a little dated but was sufficient for our needs, the bathroom left alot to be desired. Our view was of another building. But because of the location, I would stay there again, easy access to everything.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Trav11
<Content>Great hotel with excellent location My husband and I took our 12 year old grandaughter to Sydney for her birthday for 4 days. We are Accor Advantage Plus members so used our one complimentary night and paid half the rack rate for the other two nights. We also chose this hotel as it was central to the ferries, shops and everywhere else we wanted to go and were pleasantly surprised after reading some not so good reviews of the standard rooms in the back of the hotel. The only negative would be that the rooms overlook an office building next door but I guess the hotel can't do anything about that. Our room had two double beds and looked like it had been very recently refurbished, was very clean and comfortable. I cannot speak highly enough of the professional, courteous and very helpful staff at all times who even came across part of the road when crossing from Wynyard station to help carry our luggage. We had some airline problems but the staff were extremely helpful over an hour or so in letting us receive faxes and emails before we left and well after we'd checked out. The heated pool was cool so we mainly only used the spa but our grandaughter had a great time using the gym. We mainly ate out of the hotel at the Carrington Cafe a few doors down or McCafe a couple of blocks away on George St towards Circular Quay. It was quiet at that particular McCafe and very convenient. There are also many takeaways in Wynyard station subway. Overall, we'd certainly stay there again and thank the hotel staff for a great experience.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Neatybeet
<Content>Great hotel and fantastic location After reading a few other reviews on Trip Advisor I was a bit dubious about having booked this hotel, but I can't fault the experience. The hotel and room were clean and well presented and the staff extremely helpful and friendly. Our room was at the back of the hotel so no view to speak of, but this didn't matter as the location right in the heart of everything meant we didn't need to gaze out the window to see things - we just needed to walk out the front door of the hotel and experience them ourselves. I'd definitely recommend this hotel to other travelers and would stay there again anytime.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Marie004
<Content>Just a Wonderful Place We arrived in Sydney with no where to stay. At the Sydney Airport we noticed Sydney Visitor Centre, so we approached them with we need somewhere to stay. Kim one of the receptionists who worked there found us The Menzies in Carrington Street, she highly recommended this place to us. So we paid her and off on our journey to The Menzies.What a beautiful place, situated right across from Wynyard Train Station and only minutes by train to the various sights of Sydney.Every day Clean sheets and towels were supplied and nothing was too hard for any of the staff. We stayed 5 nights at The Menzies and was very sad to leave such an excellent place and it just made our stay wonderful. We found the staff very Professional in every way, courteous and friendly. We also felt very safe staying here too.We would highly recommend this place to all travellers and would be only too happy if any of you have any questions which I would be only too happy to answer.Cheers and Thank You to The Menzies and their wonderful staff. Keep up the good workTake Care Marie Mckenna  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dierregi
<Content>Convenient location, depressing room This hotel was selected together with our travel agent, mainly for its location. It is situated very close to the Rocks, the Opera House, the shopping area (QVB and two department stores) and some lovely parks. You can walk around everywhere, with no need of using public transport or taxis. The hotel itself is within easy reach by public transport (from Sydney airport, on the Circular line, just outside Wynyard station), which is excellent when you have to carry heavy luggage.When we arrived, we were relieved to see the hotel entrance just across the street from Wynyard station, the lobby was also quite impressive and staff helpful. However, the room was a big disappointment: small and in urgent need of refurbishing. On top of that, our was also at the back of the building, facing a rather depressing back alley and an office building. The bathroom is awful, with the toilet flush hidden as a light switch (very bizarre, never seen it before).I agree with another reviewer about the fact that the lobby was the area where most investment was made, but unfortunately one does not spend a long time in the lobby but in the room. Since breakfast was not included in our package, we enquired about the price (AUS 23) and we decided to try our luck outside. There are plenty of lovely bars and cafes, so having a decent breakfast for around AUS 15 is not a problem at all.The same for lunch and dinner: this hotel is close to plenty of great restaurants, so there is no point in staying inside, when you can eat admiring the Opera House or the bay. Tip: for great pictures of the Opera House, try the ferry ride to the Taronga Zoo. The zoo is fantastic and you can take beautiful pictures from the ferry.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>SJB100
<Content>OK hotel, good location I stayed at this hotel with my husband at the beginning of May 07 for 5 nights and found the hotel quite average. It seems that the majority of the money that has been spent on this hotel was on the foyer. The foyer was quite impressive and grand. Unfortunately I am unable to say the same for the rooms. Our room was in need of decorating and looked rather tired. The cleanliness of the room was not great, my husband actually washed the cabinet down where the coffee making facilities sat as it was dirty. The main problem I found with this hotel was that the walls seem incredibly thin and I was woken up by people having conversations in their room or watching TV. The swimming pool area was not very appealing and the jacuzzi was out of order for some of our stay. On the plus side, the staff at the hotel can not do enough for you and I really cannot fault their customer service skills. Excellent location for sightseeing, just a short walk to all the main tourist attractions which makes this hotel a convenient stay.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	5	5	4	

<Author>CWipes
<Content>Great Location - A very nice valued hotel       Menzies Standard Bedroom 01  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>flights-of-fantasy
<Content>The Menzies - Fantastic location Our family stayed at The Menzies over the Easter Period as we booked 'Easter in the City' on the their website at a very competitive price - $200AUD including breakfast for four. I was a little sceptical after reading some reviews on this site regarding this hotel. After phoning to confirm our hotel I mention if we could be upgraded to a Park View and they kindly upgraded us at no extra cost. Checked in around 10:00am as our flight was early. As we are family of 2 adults and 2 children (14/11) we shared a room with two double beds, the room was a good size with enough hanging and draw space for the 4 of us. Very comfortable beds and enough pillows to watch TV in bed. Room service was prompt. Excellent housekeeping each day. The Menzies is in a great location, just across the road is the bus/railway station and also a Coles Supermarket. Walking distance to The Rocks/Circular Quay/Opera House and of course the CBD. Requested a late checkout and have no problems with this. I would certainly stay at the Menzies again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RGibbs
<Content>Great location We booked the Menzies as a secret hotel via lastminute.com. It is in a great location and very easy to find if you are coming from the airport (train straight to Wynyard Station which is over the road from the hotel).The bedroom was large and clean but the bathroom in comparison was quite shabby and outdated. Our room also looked out on to an office block (2 metres away) so we had to keep the curtains closed at all times. Our room was also quite noisy - the aircon vents often woke us up during the night.Best of all was the location - 10 minutes walk away from Circular Quay and The Rocks. We were only in Sydney for 3 days so this was ideal.Nothing memorable about the staff, they were friendly enough but nothing out of the ordinary.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>CharlotteStaffs
<Content>Dirty We sayed at the Menzies in December 2006. We got a special rate through the airport information desk in Sydney but we didn't really know what to expect. Locationwise it's fairly good, a 10 minute walk from the main Quay/opera house etc. The problems that we had with the hotel though lie in the room. There are two wings, maybe one is good, one not so good I don't know. Whatever the reason though we seemed to be in a tired dirty room, it looked ready for renovation and there were also 'dodgy' stains in the bathroom; like something you'd see on CSI!The restaurant didn't get much better, it was expensive and the portions were small - very Nouvelle Cuisine (OK for some people, but we like a decent platefull!)Everywhere seemed expensive in Sydney so maybe this is par for the course. We weren't very impressed and wouldn't go back again.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	4	-1	-1	

<Author>BaltimoreJack
<Content>Wonderful Staff, Great Location Our recent visit to beautiful Sydney was complemented by the cheerful, accomodating staff at the lovely, centrally located Menzies Hotel. After a long flight from the US, I found the elegant lobby refreshing and comfortable. Our room was of good size for a city hotel (vs. NYC or Paris), clean and well appointed. I was slightly put off by the somewhat dingey gray hallways, which smelled of smoke, although I understand that the north wing has been recently renovated and this situation resolved. A lovely, large buffet breakfast is served at the hotel restaurant, and there is a lively happy hour in the lobby bar. Don't miss the beautiful indoor pool and gym. Most memorable, though, was the friendly, extremely helpful staff--a rare find in a center-city hotel.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Julian1961
<Content>Location, Location, Location! The location is everything with this hotel, you can even catch the train from Sydney airport and get off right opposite! The room we were originally allocated was upgraded (free of charge) due to a misunderstanding about the bed available for the third person staying with us. We booked via an internet site and were charged $AU140 per night for two nights with a $AU45 tariff for the extra person. If you don't expect 5 star service in this 4 star hotel you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MzMiata
<Content>Absolutely loved it... I booked this hotel for a one night stay for the weekend. It was booked online on lastminute.com.au as a secret hotel deal.For the price I paid it was really good value.We used the spa, pool and the gym.The hotel is located just a few minutes walk from Pitt Street mall and the Rocks and is about 10 minutes walk to Chinatown.If you need to catch a train somewhere, across the street is Wynard Train Station.I would definitely stay here again. 10/10  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AustraliaCoco
<Content>Great Xmas weekend We stayed for the Xmas weekend. Location was great for city shopping and close to The Rocks  Circular Quay dining areas. We stayed on Level 9, room was very clean and comfortable. We had dinner there on Xmas eve, the garlic prawn was very salty, food was just average. Overall it is a great hotel, we would be back there again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Micheled
<Content>Location The Only Plus The location is about the only good feature of this hotel.The room we were in faced the back of the hotel which was a tall office block only a few yards away. It was so close that you couldn't look out of the window to see what the weather was like in a morning.You also needed to keep your curtains closed to stop the office block looking in. The room was very tiny. The bed was hard and kept sliding out from the wall as it wasn't secured to the wall in any way. Only the headboard was secured to the wall. Bathroom was small but adequate. We booked travel to three cities in Australia through a travel agent so not sure of the exact price we paid but if I was to return I would definately look for an alternative. The other hotels we had in the other cities were far superior to the Menzies in every way and a joy to stay in.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>katy_and_mike
<Content>Great Choice for Sydney Tourism!       Our room  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>davsyd
<Content>Not the Best Stayed at the Menzies for 2 nights. Check-in guy was very friendly and gave us a larger room in North Tower but had awful view of backs of buildings. Room was ok. I think it may have been re-furbished it had flat tv and beds were comfortable. Bathrooms are very dated and shower pressure is very weak.We had dinner in restaurant and it was not the best. We asked for the beef to be medium and it come 'more' then well -done.DO NOT get the Apple and Berry crumble it is not a crumble but a little pie that seemed to be heated up in microwave, it was soggy and awful!! This restaurant is quite expensive so you would expect more. There is also this annoying Manager in restaurant that strutts around and talking to the guests very loudly in an over friendly matter, now some guests might like this personal touch but I found it quite annoying and inapropriate.They do not seem to be able to do express check out from room tv so in reception I found an express check out box with NO forms to fill in, so a guy got one for me, just as well as the queue to check out was nearly out the door. All in all I would stay here again if the price is right but there are much better hotels in Sydney.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>sjturner
<Content>Just a Fantastic Location, Nothing Else Booked this Accor hotel using there own website. Payed 拢420 for 5 nights.The only good thing about this hotel is it's location, everything else is average/poor.The room was averagely decorated, it looked like it had been refurbished in the last few years and contained a flat screen tv, minibar. The flat screen tv was not very good, it made a loud noise evertime I changed channel and if you turned the sound down low the sound would break up.We had a view of an office block (rear view from hotel) which was not very nice. The bathroom was very old and the pipes made strange noises! The room a/c also looked like it had been installed in the 60's.The hotel swimming pool was very small and not a pool that I would use again.In summary I think this hotel is average and if you can find another hotel in a similar location for a similar price I would go elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	1	3	3	3	4	

<Author>The_Iron_Duke
<Content>Great Location, But... I've just spent a week at this hotel on a business trip where I stayed in one of the south wing rooms with a pleasant view over Wynyard Park. The room was acceptable, with a large, comfortable bed. Bathroom was fine for my needs, although it is somewhat dated, and one should note that the range of toiletries provided is limited. There were also coffee/tea making facilities and a minibar, although i had to request for the latter to be re-stocked when I used anything.Overall impression is that the hotel is a bit tired although the public/communal areas are generally well-maintained.On the plus side:- I have to agree with other reviewers in that the position is great, particularaly if you're travelling on business and want to take advantage of limited opportunities to explore some of Sydney.- Lots of local shops, bars, restaurants. However, please note that this part of town, in my experience, largely closes down on Saturday and Sunday. In that case you will have a ten or fifteen minute walk to find eating and drinking.- The first floor cocktail bar has live entertainment on Thurs/Fri every week.- Compared to hotels in many other countries, it did seem to offer accommodation that is good value for money.On the not-so-good side:- Staff were patchy. The person serving me at check-in (I admit I'm not after my best after a 24 hour flight) was less than welcoming and even off-hand. However, most other staff couldn't have been more helpful. - Lots of large tourist coach parties coming and going during the week. These seemed to be either school children or senior citizens. The real problem with this is that they all descend for breakfast at the same time, so you can have trouble getting a seat. It also seemed to me that the school parties were all booked onto the same floor, which I could imagine could be noisy if you happen to be on the floor below (I wasn't, so can't speak with authority on this).- Limited choice of TV channels- You need a wireless-capable laptop to access the internet from your room.- The bar is very expensive, although, unlike some other reviewers, I did not think that the full breakfast was untoward.- The interconnecting doors between rooms are not well sound-insulated. Even when people were talking at a normal level, it was quite possible to hear next door's conversation in my room. If their TV was turned up loud, then it was really distracting. This is not ideal if you are jet-lagged nor, I would imagine, is it something that you would want if travelling with your partner.- The city council decided to dig up the road a block or so from the hotel. What's the problem with that? Nothing in principle, but they started sometime around one o'clock in the morning for two consecutive days.Overall, it was a pretty average stay. Whilst the construction noise was not the hotel's fault, I would have expected them to know that this was happening and communicate appropriately with the guests. This did not happen.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	2	4	2	

<Author>earwig
<Content>Good location for Sydney visit Located just across from Wynyard Station and only ten minutes from Circular Quay on foot. The hotel was certainly up to 4-star standard: clean, comfortable with friendly and attentive staff. Not cheap, but the prices seemed about the standard for downtown Sydney. If you don't want to pay their exorbitant prices for breakfast and scrum down with all the other tourists, there are a number of excellent cafes within a couple of minutes from the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>VTP
<Content>Loved staying in a Place with such history I had not been to Sydney in a few years and it was great to feel comfortable in a hotel and be able to ask all sorts of questions, even the silly ones.The hotel is located in the heart of the city and I felt very safe there, which is a big plus for me when I travel.The staff were very friendly and listened to what you had to say and I saw in the lobby that they had won a Service Award recently and I can understand why.You can read and see history scattered throughout the hotel.If you want security, comfort and great location and do not want to pay over the top, then this hotel is a great place to stay!Enjoy!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>prepaid
<Content>A little run around An okay 4 star hotel. We arrived early in the morning 7am, and were able to check into our room, which normally wouldn't have been ready till 3pm. That was great. It was a bit of a walk from the lobby to the elevator for the wing our room was on. Then from the elevator we had to walk round about to our room, so it was actually quite a journey to our room. Then when in our room, it was a little small, but acceptable. The bathroom was a little disappointing, it seemed quite old, and the shower head was loose. Not the most up to date bathroom. The internet service at the hotel is a little disappointing. It is resold wireless service, that limits you to 500 megabytes per 24 hours, so if you need to do any sort of serious file transfers this place will not work for you. But besides that it was a nice hotel, that is right across from an underground station so that makes getting around a bit easier.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Constant_Holidaying
<Content>Location, Location, Location We chose the hotel off the website based on its location. It is so close to everything you need with the train station literally under the hotel and the bus station right across the road. The rooms are comfortable, nothing too fancy, and the service is really good. Everyone had a smile and the doorman remembered our name every day we were there (5 days). I would reccommend the hotel for anyone visiting Sydney for the first time as it is central to the Opera House, shopping malls and Darling Harbour.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Monsieur_Aubergine
<Content>The epitome of "average" I've stayed here twice on business and have to say it's the most average hotel I've ever been in. Not great, not terrible. The room I last stayed in was absolutely ordinary - a bed, a LCD TV, one dreary print on the wall, a table, a bathroom, a dull view across the alleyway to the rear of a mostly empty 1950s office block... I almost fell asleep writing this review trying to recall anything memorable about the room. It's like militantly ordinary.Good points - location good for Wynyard area business needs, lots of cafes and restaurants, 10 minute walk to the Quay or Darling Harbour, bus interchange right outside, train station and 24 hour supermarket under Wynyard Park outside front door. Piano Bar does good drinks. Front desk staff attentive and efficient.Mediocre points - breakfast overpriced and ordinary (go to any of the nearby cafes for a much better and more interesting breakfast). Room keycards lose their coding very easily - even kept away from other cards mine still wiped itself twice and had to get reprogrammed.Previous stay was in north wing and I scored a corner room (corner of Margaret St and Wynyard Lane) which was a good size and had better ambience. South wing rooms seem much more ordinary. Very very ordinzzzzzz... Try to get a north wing room I guess.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>dje
<Content>Ok stay... Stayed here at the end of August for 4 nights. The property is split into two sections, a building to the North and main building. We were assigned a room in the North wing with an unappealing (but not bothersome) view of air conditioning equipment for an adjacent building.On the plus side, reception was friendly and check-in a breeze. As we arrived early in the day, they offered to hold our bags until our room was ready. Location is very convenient with the Wynyard train station, grocery store directly across the street. It's also a short walk to the Pitt St mall areas and even downtown to the Rocks or Circular Quay. Room was very large and we didn't suffer from any noise problems as previously mentioned. Daily maid service was efficient and kept the room spotless.On the downside, bathroom was rather small with no counter space. The front desk was slow in addressing some simple requests...i.e., a call for some replacement towels required 3 calls and over an hour before they delivered. Rooms are scarely decorated with bare walls, save one picture and a very small (17 inch?) flat screen TV.On the whole, Menzies isn't a bad place to stay due to it's convenience. but just don't exepct alot of extras.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	2	3	

<Author>WJL1
<Content>Average I stayed at the Menzies in early August for 2 nights. I found the rooms to be average. A little run down and tired in appearance. The bathroom was functional but also showed signs of wear. The most modern feature were the flatscreen tvs, which were very good.However, the biggest drawback I found was the connecting doors between rooms. Although they were locked, they were no sound proof. Therefore, I could hear my neighbour watching tv close to midnight and hear the hair dryer going first thing in the morning. You could also hear your neighbour's shower. Which didn't create good sleeping conditions for me. There was a school group booked in the hotel the same time as I but thankfully we were on different floors. However I overheard another traveller complaining to Reception about the noise levels.The buffet breakfast was fairly decent. It offered everything one would expect and seemed to be replenished fairly often.The benefit to the Menzies is its proximity to the business district.Overall, I would say the Menzies is not a bad place to stay but if you prefer peace and quiet and a good night's sleep, perhaps try elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Janeysmoo
<Content>Great Location, decent hotel We stayed here at the end of August for 4 nights (this would be the quiet time of year) while on a RTW trip. We found it to be clean and quiet and within walking distance of the Opera House, the Rocks and the main shopping and eating areas. Our room overlooked the street. We had a superkingsize bed which was very comfortable. I would recommend this hotel. We didn't try the breakfast, as with everywhere else in the world, if you're prepared to walk for another 5 minutes, you can get something at about a quarter of the price.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndrewandJenny
<Content>D D  My wife and I stayed at the Menzies in February 2005 and found the room small, Dull, Dreary and Depressing, with a wonderful view of an office block where typists sat at their computers. The dullness was even more marked because we had to draw our curtains to preserve some kind of privacy. When we complained and asked for an upgrade we were met with sheer indifference at the reception, but when we finally did pay extra for a so-called park view (actually street view) the room was only slightly better. Basically the hotel spend nothing on upgrading, decorating, or brightening the rooms. They are quite content with receiving complaints like ours, only to receive occupany from other unsuspecting guests. Breakfast - very expensive. Recommend going to one of the breakfast bars, of which there are many nearby. Hotel staff - couldn't care less, and if they did, they wouldn't have any power to change things. Book elsewhere. On the credit side the location is excellent.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>dancingprincess
<Content>Great stay at the Menzies I have stayed at the Menzies twice now and enjoyed both stays.It is a fantastic location right next to the train station which will get you easy, cheap access around the city.You can easily walk to Circular Quay, harbour, the rocks areas. Staff were very pleasant allowing us to check in early and helping with train timetables. The pool area (indoors) is a little small and noisy but the room are nice and spacious. Overall the stay was very nice.The buffet breakfast was OK but not excellent.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Menzies I was at the Menzies during a very busy week and it didn't even seem crowded. The hotel staff was terrific and very friendly. The rooms were great, comfy beds, and a nice flat screen TV. I even had room service twice, which came in 20 minutes. The location was nice, not far from all the action. There is a 7/11 right next door that came in handy. My only complaint was the sink that kept running for 5 minutes. Other than that, I loved Sydney and wouldn't hesitate to go back and stay at the Menzies.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>doodler
<Content>Another happy stay at the Menzies We have stayed at the Menzies several times, both before and since the refurbishment, and have really enjoyed our stays, including in the despised (by some) rooms at the rear. The rooms are a good size for a Sydney hotel, good bathrooms, with bath, and compare favourably to the sister hotel, the Sofitel Wentworth. We have not had any problems with noise or air-con. We also like the hotel amenities, and the location. There is a really good commuter caff in the Wynyard concourse, where you can get your breakfast for much less than the hotel charge. Of course, being Sydney, there are also any number of smarter cafes nearby (on a weekday) if a more elegant breakfast is required. The Airporter bus stops at the hotel, and this is slightly cheaper and easier than the train. A taxi is around $35 and may be a better option for more people.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Beaverskins
<Content>Central location ideal Central location ideal for seeing vibrant Sydney. This elegant hotel has updated rooms that are quiet, immaculate and very comfortable. Our 5 day stay was filled with easy sightseeing via train, ferry, bus and on foot. There is easy airport access by train to and from Wynyard Station dirctly across the road from the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChrisBa
<Content>Noisy, indifferent service I stayed at the Menzies late in January 2006 on a two-day stop-over back from New Zealand.The positive points first:The hotel is ideally located if you come in from the airport (the station for the underground is just across the street) and it is only a few minutes walk either into the shopping areas or down to the harbour.The downside:The room was out to the back, so you had an office building facing you and on top of that, there was a continous humming from a giant A/C vent in the little space between the two buildings. In contrast, I couldn麓t get the AC control in my room to produce anything but ice cold draught or nothing at all. The small room had a somewhat worn feel about it and the bathroom was pretty small, the shower was not even high enough for me to stand up in.Staff at reception and concierge desk was a mixture between helpful/friendly and highbrowed/indifferent (sadly, more often the latter).Did not try the breakfast and dining but went across the street to a little cafe/bakery instead.On next stay, would chose another central city hotel.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>BobArbroathScotland
<Content>Excellent Location       Fitzroy Falls  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic I arrived at the Menzies on the 15th Jan 2006 early in the morning aroung 7 am. I understand that the chek in time is 2 pm but the reception cheked us in no worries..When we arrive to the room, we just love it as the room was in a descent size with the park view. Shortly after we arrived,the bag arrived..porter was very polite and gave us a very good advise about the attractions and etc...later on in the evening we were surprised as the complimentary wine was arrived around 18.30...on our departure the staff offer to store our luggage and organise transport for us to airport....I had such a good time there..  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Still_Searching
<Content>Adequate We stayed there for 3 nights as the price was OK (around 拢60 per night during the New Year period) and it was a good location. The room itself was very tired and service was a bit confused- we arrived on the second day to find all towels to be removed from the room. This was resolved after a call to reception, but no apologies followed.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>6 frantic days in Sydney The Reception staff were very good. When we arrived they had a room for us but asked if we would wait for an hour or so (time to get some lunch at an Italian across the road) so that they could give us a better room. This they did and the only slight downside was that it was on the front corner and early morning traffic could be heard. But it was clean and a good size. The self service breakfast was included and was plentiful, varied and good. It has a great location just 5 mins walk from the harbour and Opera house. I would go again  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad.....but not that flash!! I got a good deal on this hotel through a very helpful lady at the international terminal at Sydney airport. It was cheaper than some motels out in the suburbs! I got off the train at Wynyard (a 5 min walk from the hotel) and followed the signs to the hotel. On arrival I was amazed at the reception area, I had to double check I was in the right hotel! It was lovely. I checked in no worries and went to the lifts to go up to my room, I was on the 4th floor. First problem...the lift wouldnt work so I had to take the other one. On finding my room and letting myself in with the swipe card I was a bit disappointed to find the room was 'basic' After seeing the reception area I was expecting a 5 star room!!!! Still for the money I paid it wasnt bad. The room was clean but basic. The tV reception was only average. The room came with ensuite and a mini bar. There is a swimming pool and sauna downstairs together with a gym, also quite a nice bar called SPORTERS. My overall impression was the Menzies spends all its money downstairs rather than on the rooms. Also my room just had a view of some offices. The following day at about 9am I was awoken (I was jetlagged) by a very abrupt member of staff who burst into my room! She looked at me in bed and shouted 'Mini Bar'! and proceeded to check all the contents were still there!!!! I think she was a philippino!!! After that she just walked off!!!I got a free voucher for breakfast for the following day. It was a help yourself buffet with all the usual bacon sausage eggs etc etc and it was pretty good. If id had to pay for it I dont think i would have bothered (Maccas is just round the corner in George st)On the whole this is a good place to stay for somewhere near to the Bridge and opera house. however dont be decieved by reception...its deffo not a 5 star place!!!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Wayned41
<Content>Not that bad after all... After reading some shocking reviews of this Hotel I was quite concerned. However, after spending a night there with my family I was quite please with the Hotel.We were after a very early check in on a Saturday morning and the staff did all they could to get our rooms ready. We finally got into out rooms about 12:30.Rooms were spacious and clean but I agree that the view from the window was non existent (not that it mattered to us). The shower was a little low on pressue but the bathroom was clean. We had two double beds (one extremely soft and one quite nice and firm) plus enough room for a cot that was supplied at no extra charge.Location is great. Walking distance to both Darling Harbour and Circular Quay/Rocks plus quite close the main shopping area.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mait
<Content>Bad Experience I have stayed at the Menzies on many occasions before and love it for its location, I was even proposed to in this hotel 6 months ago. This trip all was going smooth until 9pm Sunday night when another couple booked into the same room as us, were given electronic keys and walked in. Thankfully we had put the chain on the door because it could have been a whole lot worse! To the hotel's credit they did give us a free breakfast and a bottle of wine but I still feel very disturbed. Part of a relaxing and romantic experience at a good hotel is that you can be assured of your privacy and security, but I guess not. I would like to know what safe guards hotels have to this kind of intrusion in the age of the electronic key, at least when everyone relied on real key someone at the hotel might have noticed that one was missing.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, impressive looking but....... Our room was pretty dodgy (back room looking out onto the concrete walls of the rear of the hotel), however was a decent size, it just seemed to be a dingy room in a dingy part of the hotel. The lobby and lobby bar look fantastic, which adds to the disappointment. However, the saving grace was the location - fantastic. Just between Circular Quay and Darling Harbour, right near all the shps and restaurants. The piano bar was pretty cool though for a romantic evening with drinks. Would only go again if ona budget but would demand a front facing room hoping that would be better.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>3	4	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AlanDHonkers
<Content>A very pleasant, classic hotel A quick trip to Australia and booked the Menzies on the recommendation of a friend in Hong Kong. It鈥檚 a very pleasant, older style hotel which I prefer and is right in the heart of the CBD and financial district. Nice little park across the street which my room looked over; room wasn鈥檛 huge but had everything I needed. Breakfast was a buffet and the eggs were freshly prepared and a good breakfast sausage; staff were very friendly and the housemaid was quite chirpy. Pretty good value at $185 booked on the net.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mooney
<Content>Great Location I have to say that reading everyone elses reviews on this hotel 2 days before we flew out really worried me but I had nothing to worry about. We arrived at the hotel after 28 hours of travelling at about 6am, not expecting to get into our room till at least 2pm - no problem our room was not only ready but they gave us a superior room. The rooms are nice and clean, not plush but exactly what you require when there is so much to do and see in the city that you won't be spending that much time in the room anyway. We were travelling with our 1 your old son and there was still good space in the room with the cot in. The location is great and the fact that there was a swimming pool for the wee one and a small bit of park with grass for him to crawl around on opposite made this a very enjoyable first stop on our Oz tour. Don't worry about getting breakfast in the hotel, we didn't and there was 2 great places right outside the hotel.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mountainstar
<Content>Not the best experience I'm still young and on a budget, but I wanted to stay in a big hotel for my last night in Sydney, so I found the menzies on the web, and since the rate was very good, I went ahead and booked it. I'm more of a motel type person and I'm not necessarily picky, but if I pay extra I expect more. In this case I didn't really get it.Problems:1. Getting yelled at by the parking attendant when I bought my car in for parking. Why I dont know.2. Internet connection though TV. I found this virtually useless and they charged a fortune for it. I ended up using one of the public access terminals in the lobby.3. My key card would not open the area to the pool. So sad too bad what the attitude. Not fixed, but it sounds like I didn't miss much.4. Cleaning attendants on a noise rampage at 8 AM. Some sleep late you know.5. When I left the next morning, all of the room service trays from the night before were still in the hall. Not good for bugs.6. Room Service- I had eaten out earlier with a friend, but was still hungry when I returned, so I ordered room service at 10:30. They acted like it was the biggest deal in the world since it was 30 minutes before closing, but they delivered it anyways and it was decent(expensive of course).The Upside:1. Location- It's not far to the harbour from here, which is nice.2. Room was small, but it was clean and well appointed.Would I stay here again? No, I reckon I'd rather try elsewhereRegards, mountainstar  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again! Had read some reviews about this place before I went and I can only add to the majority view that you'd be better off somewhare else. Looks nice in the pictures but the room and the service from the staff was a real letdown. I was bit all down my legs by 'things' living in the blankets. Wrote out a complaints form but nothing done about it. I would not even consider staying here again at any rate.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location My husband and I staying in this hotel for 10 nights from 28 December 2004. This was the end of our fantastic holiday to Australia. We had stayed in some beautiful hotels around Australia, and we were a little bit disappointed when we arrived at our room. However, on saying that our room was OK, had a decent sized bed (comfortable), big wardrobe and nice bathroom. We had a nice view to the front of the hotel over the park. The only grumbles we had were: shower pressure was pretty pathetic, and my husband had to keep finding the room service staff to ask for more milk (they only left 2 of the small cartons!). Apart from that it was nice, staff were friendly and in a very good location. Would certainly consider staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location Stayed at the Menzies for 5 days. Absolutely loved it. Not because of largerooms or necessarily luxurious rooms.The key was the location and the reaction of the staff to our needs, requests and/or problems.Could not be more pleased that we stayed.Definitely recommend.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Benguin
<Content>Should be a good conteder for "The worst hotel in Sydney"   showReview(2859994, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>U2fan
<Content>Nothing good to say except for the location   showReview(2811278, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy, small and 2 star   showReview(2810912, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>valleygirl25
<Content>quite central   showReview(2647619, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeverleyW
<Content>Hated it   showReview(2454400, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baltimoron
<Content>Great location and a nice hotel   showReview(2078445, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Leave the cat at home.   showReview(1563890, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ebrener
<Content>Convenient but small room   showReview(1364057, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gluhwein
<Content>Premier Menzies is a winner   showReview(1270890, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location   showReview(911825, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EeyoreRegensburg
<Content>Ekel vorprogrammiert!   showReview(23368040, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>Oriarso
<Content>Esperienza deludente       Bagno angusto, piuttosto buio e con particolari vetusti  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>sourisavignon
<Content>tr猫s tr猫s moyen   showReview(21667711, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	2	4	1	

<Author>gydav
<Content>2 nuits a sydney   showReview(8605448, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon hotel rapport qualit茅-prix   showReview(11390221, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(11380035, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇牬鎵€銇亗銈娿伨銇?#x201d;   showReview(19156973, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛樻湀锛戯紩鏃ャ€滐紤锛欐棩銇?..   showReview(19920703, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛撲汉銇ф硦銇俱倞銇俱仐銇熴亴...   showReview(19918875, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儔銉嬨兗涓€浜烘梾銇у埄鐢?..   showReview(19916345, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

