<Author>exploremore1
<Content>Nice location, decent hotel I used booking.com for this hotel. It had great reviews on TripAdvisor so I decided to go along with it, the price was good. The location is excellent. This is the main consideration for my visit to Amsterdam. It is right down the street from the main museums and right next to a major tram line. The stay went pretty smoothly, but when we checked in, there were 3 of us and we had asked for a double room and were taken to a room with a single bed. Then, the room was not clean - there were drinks, unmade bed, etc. from someone else's stay. We were immediately placed in another room with the double beds we asked for. The room was really clean and it was a nice looking set up. The bathroom was pretty and spacious. There is no shower curtain, only a small clear partition. For the price, it was an excellent hotel. The woman at the front desk was really nice. They say breakfast is included, but the breakfast is not much, really, but bread, fruit, coffee and juice. But the front desk person is really attentive and helpful. It felt very safe and the neighborhood is very cute. The TV in the room is tiny but hopefully in Amsterdam that won't matter at all! The room could have been a bit larger, so keep that in mind if you are traveling with more than 1 person there. Overall a great value, I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ludwigIreland
<Content>Great little friendly hotel in centre of Amsterdam I have just recently returned from staying at Hotel van der Kasteelen and found it a very pleasant place. Given the fact that the actual buildings in Amsterdam are all tall and thin with little winding staircases one would expect the rooms to be small, so once you realise that you should be fine.The staff were lovely, really friendly and chatty.Breakfast was very nice served in a homely little room with eggs offered freshly cooked to order.The bathrooms very nice (I had just a shower) and spotlessly clean with lots of soaps, shower gel etc.My room was a single and indeed very small but again very clean and comfortable bed. Aircon also in the room.What was nice was that I could have the window open at night and no noise, although I was on the back of the building.I paid 鈧?10 per night, including b'fast, but that's pretty standard for a hotel in the centre of any major European city. It's two blocks from the Concertgebouw and the museums, so FANTASTIC location and safe to walk back to at night on one's own. Nearby trams are 5, 24, 12 and 3, most of which go up to the Damrak, Centraal station etc.Would recommend this place to anyone travelling by themselves or for people who want to shop and sightsee and use it as a base for sleeping comfortably with a nice breakfast!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>amyag
<Content>What a find!! First of all, I spent an enormous amount of time researching hotels for my recent trip to Amsterdam. We needed two rooms - one for my husband and myself, and one for my young teenage daughters. We were staying three nights before our cruise. I wanted someplace that was quiet, safe, had air conditioning and an elevator, was close to tram service, and was not too expensive. Breakfast was a bonus.This hotel was perfect. We arrived at 10:30 am after two long flights to drop our bags off. They invited us to breakfast, which was a wonderful daily treat (juice, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, fruit, chocolate, ham, cheese, rolls  croissants, eggs cooked to order, yogurt, granola). There was always plenty of room to enjoy breakfast without crowding. The rooms were large enough and clean. The bathrooms were quite roomy, though more light may have been helpful. The location is a quiet residential street, 5 minutes from the tram, and a 10 minute walk from the museums Van Gogh and Rrijksmuseum. There is a great cafe one block away where we enjoyed beer and janvier. The hotel staff was always pleasant and helpful during our stay. This place was just great. I look forward to staying here again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cali369
<Content>Great little hotel for a good price       Bathroom - Mar 07  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>mjt1012
<Content>Under new management - bring your own soap! My wife and I stayed two nights at the hotel while passing through Amsterdam. Hotel is very clean, in a very quiet off-the-beaten-pass neighborhood in the main museum quarter, and breakfast was quite simple but good (lots of fresh fruit).We believe the hotel is under a new owner based on commentary provided by the main individual at the hotel. If this is the case, then the hotel has deteriorated significantly, as we booked this hotel based on recommendations on Trip Advisor. The owner is accompanied by her two grown kids in providing service to their guests. The service provided is horrendous - the kids appear to be former Sex Pistols groupies who have grown up on heroin and BK Douple Whoppers. Point #1 - there is no bar soap in the hotel - we asked on four separate occasions and you would have thought we were from Mars based on the inquiry. Other interesting comments - the three have literally no clue on dinner recommendations, unless it's a McDonalds or a coffee shop - so be prepared on what / where you'd like to eat (we'd recommend Gala Restaurant or Onder Ons). DO NOT have the owner call ahead on museum times, cost, etc. etc. - in one occasion the owner verified that a museum would be open (based on a phone call she made) when in fact the museum was closed for the summer. Overall, a very disappointing stay and we would not recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Amsterdam - there are better, more cost effective options in this wonderful city.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	2	1	1	

<Author>dutchfox
<Content>Expensive, small rooms! This hotel is a good choice for those can afford it and want to stay out of the touristic centre of Amsterdam. It is in Amsterdam-Zuid, easy access to nice cafe's, Beethovenstraat/Van Baerlestraat and A'dam-Zuid shops; museums; the Vondelpark is just a 10 minute walk.The hotel had recently been taken over by new owners. The staff was pleasant, accommodating. Very clean. Glad there is an elevator, because my room was on the third floor. The singile room was facing the street (no problem there), but very small, with hardly room to move around comfortably. There was a stand for my luggage; a small closet. I could barely move round in the shower and I am not a large person. No desk to put my laptop; no clock in the room. The garden is nice in the back. I found the price very steep, but for Americans the exchange rate now is not that attractive. I ended up paying 鈧?168, which worked out to about $268 for one night. If you need to get to the airport, you can book a Connexxion mini-bus pick up, but it's cheaper and easy to take Tram 5 (about a 3-4 minute walk down to the Roelof Hartplein stop) to reach the WTC/Amsterdam Zuid train station. The hotel is not terrible, it's new and recently cleaned (new owners), but honestly, I'd like to see how it looks in a few years.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>CaliforniaElizabeth
<Content>Nice, quiet place to stay near museums and Concertgebouw We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Kasteelen. If you're looking for a quiet, friendly place near the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, or the Concertgebouw (all about 5-10 minutes away), this is a good place to stay. The breakfast buffet was really delicious, in a very pretty room. When we had to leave for the airport before the 8 A.M. breakfast, the hostess kindly left us some cheese, fruit, juice, and bread to start our day. If you're looking for an excellent, non-smoky (unusual in Amsterdam now) place for food, we really enjoyed Renzo's deli about 2 blocks away. For about 20-23 euros, we had excellent meals with pasta, veggies, wine, and dessert.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DLarryK
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! Just got back from a 5 night stay in the Hotel Kasteelen. The hotel is in a great location, just minutes from the museum district, and right on two different tram lines for quick and easy transportation to Central Station, Dam Square and most all other tourist attractions. It is very quite at night. I slept with the window open and it was quieter than back home! The lift is new and held all 6 with luggage (tight fit). Since we had a part of six, each with a double room I can speak to at least a 3rd of the hotel rooms. As stated in previous reviews, the rooms are small, but very comfortable. Those in front have a tiny balcony, but due to the limited traffic at night, still very quite. The bathrooms are newly tiled with new fixtures. Every part of the room was very, very clean. The continental breakfast was simply fantastic. I expected rolls, but they put on quite a spread - fresh fruits, cheeses, meats, cereals, milk, OJ, and they will even cook you up some eggs. The last comment is about the staff. They are by far the nicest, most helpful I've ever encountered. They posted all my cards for free and don't mark up any phone calls (even international).If you are looking for a real gem, this is the place. We will surely stay here on our next trip as well.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mainies
<Content>excellent Boutique Hi Travellers, a friend of ours was working in Amsterdam for the month of December, so we made a flying visit from Stansted 15/16 Dec to meet up. We read the reviews on this site, and every one match the real thing. We would have no hesitation in suggesting the reviews given are spot on, cheers Adam  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ana_Mendes
<Content>Lovely hotel Arriving at Amsterdam for the first time is impressive. Beatifull city crowded with visitors. The stay at Boutique Hotel Kasteelen allows to rest from the noisy center. Lovely hotel, close to the museums, in a quiet, safe quarter.Trams 16 and 24, very close by, goes to central station, through the city center in about 10 min. The staff are friendly and very helpfull. Nice buffet breakfast, seems we are having breakfast at home. Rooms are spacious enough, very clean. Would stay there again, no doubt.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PickyGuy
<Content>A very nice little hotel on a quiet street I really enjoyed staying at this hotel for a variety of reasons. Downtown Amsterdam (aka City Centre) is just a little too crazy for my tastes. I preferred being just a little bit out of the mania (read, 'not too close to the dope dealers and porn shops') and in the Museumplein (the museum district). There are families with young children living on this street as it is mainly residential. Tram # 5 was just 23 blocks away and I could get downtown in a matter of 20 minutes.Cab fares are ridiculously expensive in Amsterdam. It cost 35-40 euros to take a 20 minute ride from Schipol to, well, most anywhere in Amsterdam. We were able to take a stoptrein from Schipol to Amsterdam Zuid railway station (15 minute ride), then we got off, bought a GVB Tram ticket, hopped on a #5 train headed towards Centraal Station and got off at the stop named Roelof Hartplein. This costs less than 8 euros per person. Depending on traffic, either the train/tram or the cab could be faster.All of the staff were warm and friendly. Breakfast is included and it is simple yet good.The rooms are small by US standards. The internet access was fast and reliable on floor above the main floor (Americans would say it's the second floor but the hotel called it the first floor). I was told that the internet was not good on the 4th floor. BTW, there is a small elevator!I would stay here again, and if they were booked up, I would try to stay in the same area  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ortrud
<Content>Nice quiet hotel in museum quarter A nice clean hotel, convenient for the museum quarter although about a mile from the city centre. There are only 14 rooms. It is in a residential side street and although traffic is audible from the main road 100 yards away it didn't bother me. The staff were polite and efficient. Our double room was small but had all the essentials and was neat and well arranged, with a balcony. Don't hesitate to use the lift - some of the steps on the staircase are quite narrow, especially when you are carrying heavy bags. Breakfast was fine. There is a small lounge beyond the breakfast room that wasn't apparent to us until we ate there. There are restaurants within five minutes around the Concertgebouw. We would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Upstatetravelthree
<Content>Great Spot We stayed here for three nights in early May. It's a little out of the way in Amsterdam, but because the city is so walkable, it turned out to be a great location, just a few blocks from the Museumplein (with VanGogh and Rijksmuseums) and in the other direction, a few blocks from the DePijp neighborhood, with its large number of great, affordable ethnic restaurants.The hotel is spotless, and clearly a great deal of care had gone into its renovation. We stayed in #8, which is a double, converted to a triple with a rollaway bed...so it made it a little tight, but manageable. Certainly a decent sized room for a hotel room in a major city. Great full size bathroom. Good breakfast, with eggs, yogurt, meats, breads, fruit, cereal.Would highly recommend.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>It_happened
<Content>Deserves it's great reputation! Just back from 4 nights at Hotel Kasteelen it is true what they say the location, cleanliness and breakfast are all top notch. It's very good value and the staff are friendly and helpful they took care of our bags etc, helped us find a hotel for one night in Rotterdam and booked a good value cab to the airport.It's in a lovely neighbourhood and is good value- highly recommended!!There's a lovely casual restaurant in the neighbourhood called the Knipe they serve food into the late evening and is worth a visit.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mags2198
<Content>Nice staff, good location but small rooms for the price My family and I stayed here for two nights in April 2007. This hotel has its pros and cons, though I believe the negative outweighs the positive. The hotel staff was very nice, although they did not know how to operate the safe in our room so we had to lug everything with us when we went out. The staff (really just one lady) seemed overworked although she was very pleasant.The hotel is in an excellent location. We were able to walk throughout most of the city within two days. The tram stops about three blocks from the hotel and leaves you in the center of the city if you do not wish to walk. This hotel is located about three blocks from both the Van Gogh museum and the Rijkmuseum. There is a canal boat cruise that stops nearby as well.The included breakfast buffet was served in a small dining area behind the lobby. The buffet consisted of cereal, breads and croissants, meats and cheese. A carafe of coffee or tea is brought to the table. One morning we were offered eggs. The breakfast room was understaffed (the same person working the lobby worked the breakfast room) resulting in breakfast foods and drinks not being replenished and croissants being burnt.The hotel room was the part I absolutely disliked. For the price (about 220 US dollars/night) I felt the room could have been bigger and the view nicer. Our room was a double with a cot for our son. We could barely walk around the room. We had to open our suitcase on the stand by the entrance and pry our way around it to get out. The bathroom was very small as well. The water pressure was virtually nonexistent. The room had a large window that faced the backyards of some houses. We had to climb on the cot to open the window. One of these houses had construction going on that began early in the morning resulting in noise in our room.Overall I would only recommend this hotel if you wish to stay near the museum district and do not mind sleeping in a tiny expensive room. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone else.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>amoose99
<Content>Excellent hotel       Boutique Hotel Kasteelen in December 2006  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>denise.nottingham
<Content>late arrival after reading earlier reviews we were looking forward to our first stay in amsterdam and in particular hotel kasteelen,however this never happened. we had been delayed on our flight from coventry airport because of a diversion to another airport, we didnt land untill 22.00 hrs which was about 90 mins later than we should have been and the same time as the last booking in time at the hotel so I rang as soon as possible to inform them of our delay, the receptionist said he would wait another 30 mins. As this was our first time in amsterdam and unfamiliar with the local transport we didnt realise just how long it would take us to get to the hotel.after a train ride, tram and then a 10 min walk we eventually arrived at the hotel at around 23.15we had to knock on the door as the hotel was obviously closedand patricia the owner came to the door but told us we were too late to book in, after trying to explain our reasons for being late it was obvious we were not going to stay at the hotel and I would like to add not once did I raise my voice or get abusive,so we were left to find alternate accommadation at nearly midnight.we eventually ended up in dam square and found a hotel (see my review for hotel citadel) so if you are thinking of staying at this hotel make sure you have plenty of time to get there or have alternative hotels in mind just in case  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Cangan
<Content>Comfortable, friendly small hotel in quiet convienent position Situated in a mainly residential street 10 mins from the museums, the hotel rooms were immaculately clean.Air conditioning has been installed but was not needed.Our room,whilst not huge, was fine and the bed was great.(Am 1.97m so it needed to be).Bathroom was smart.The friendly staff are a good advert for the hotel.Despite leaving early and without being asked breakfast was provided.It has a lift ,unlike many small hotels.Doesn't serve food except for breakfast and I would have welcomed a coffee facility (although I probably should have asked)Just around the corner is a good locals bar which was always full and had a good atmosphere.Trams operate from nearby and are a quick and easy way to get into the centre.I have been to the city 5 times previously and would stay here again without hesitation.They seem to know what hospitality meansIt represents good value for money.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Loubob
<Content>Fab!! A fabulous little hotel about 5 mins away from the museums and concert hall. Spotlessly clean and a fantastic breakfast with omlettes, pancakes to order, fresh fruit juices, bacon etc. Patricia the owner and manageress was wonderful and nothing was too much trouble for her or any of her staff. If you're looking for excellent value for money in a quite but accesible area..go for it. By the way, Lumi, the french bulldog who is resident there is gorgeous. Nearly put him in my case and brought him home.!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>boeboe
<Content>The best service We only stayed for 3 nights but o what a great hotel.Everything was great..the service, the rooms so clean.Nice neighbourhood...So many choices of good restaurants in the nearby area.Special and warm regards to the cook Marcos for his wonderfull breakfasts. ( tip under the matrass in room 16 )!!Patricia, Lumi and Marcos..thanks again !!Selena and Rob  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Extramile
<Content>Feels like home We only stayed for one night at the hotel...but wish we had stayed longer. It was our first time in Amsterdam and we received a very warm and friendly welcome from the Hotel Manager who took time to assist us through our 'site seeing intenerary. We got back to the hotel quite late and were pleased to note that the Hotel Manager was still up to make sure that we got back safely and are properly assisted to our rooms. The hotel is very clean, warm and cozy. We left very early the next day and was served breakfast outside of the usual time (which breakfast we took out with us due to the limited time). We are thankful that the manager treated us very well, stayed up late and got up early to provide the service we would normally expect from a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rag714
<Content>So Glad We Chose Hotel Van de Kasteelen!       Street Outside of Hotel Van de Kasteelen  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>SantaFeB
<Content>Great Owners, Great Location, Great Hotel What a gem of a hotel. The location couldn't be better -- close to the museums, close to the Concertgebouw, close to restaurants of all flavors and prices, with trams all around. It's on a quiet side street, the new owners are hugely hospitable (and experienced in the hotel business), and the property has been completely renovated. The breakfast selections are varied and tasty. I was traveling alone, and as is often the case in Europe, my single room was small small small -- kind of like a little stateroom on an ocean liner. It was, however, well-equipped and totally comfortable, but who stays in his or her room all day anyhow. If you don't need the overly luxurious amenities of a city-center, four-star, high-priced major hotel, stay at the Kasteelen. I guarantee you'll be glad you did.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>coomboid
<Content>Quiet and smart hotel Had a lovely three night stay at this hotel. It is conveniently located, a few minutes walk from the tramstops and about 5 mins to the Van Gogh Museum. The hotel is on a quiet side street and it is very clean, smart and comfortable. Breakfast good.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nhunixguy
<Content>A nearly perfect hotel This is a truly wonderful little hotel and the other reviews are accurate, but here's some more information. The hotel is under new (Oct 2006) management and the new people seem to be just as friendly and helpful as the previous owners. Even though it's a small hotel, there's a good-sized elevator! This is really nice when you're on the third floor and you've got lots of heavy luggage. As for complaints - the only big one is that the phone system wouldn't work with our ATT calling card and there was no way around it. Since this was a vacation, I was secretly happy about this but it would be hard to stay in the hotel if I were on a business trip. The neighborhood is really nice and close to the museums, trams, and tour boats. The room I shared with my wife was small, but that happens in European cities. Everything was very clean and I was glad we found this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Rozmary
<Content>Excellent hotel I do agree with previous reviews. I stayed in a single room which was very, very small, but with everything you needed such as t.v, mini-fridge, phone, desk. The bathroom was a good size for one person, and modern design. The public rooms were charming, and everywhere was so clean. All furniture and fittings were better than I expected for a two star hotel.Breakfast was fine including eggs cooked as you wanted them.The hosts were friendly letting me leave my luggage there before and after checkout. Great location, 10 minutes walk to Van Gogh Musem, and further 5-10 minutes to the other museums and canal bus stop.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sonnyjuk
<Content>Absolutely Perfect! I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights with my girlfriend for a weekend break and the whole experience was fantastic. For the money this hotel is the best ive ever stayed in, 80euros for relative luxury! The breakfast was lovely, the couple who ran it were very friendly and made a fantastic recommendation for an Indonesian restuarant, which was just 10mins walk, the location is brilliant a short walk to the van Gogh museum and a short tram ride to the city centre. I cannot recommend this hotel enough, book now before it is too late!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MikeJoan
<Content>Cozy Little Hideaway My wife and I began a European vacation with a couple of nights in Amsterdam, and this BB hotel turned out to be a wonderful place to start off from. Everything is relative, so bear in mind that lodging in that city is simply more expensive than you might expect. And amenities you take for granted elsewhere, like air conditioning and bureau drawers, are not necessarily standard features. Having researched the situation thoroughly, I can definitely say the rate was a bargain in comparison to better-known properties. This hotel has two great advantages: a quiet location, and friendly owners. After a couple of days in Amsterdam, you'll come to appreciate both of those aspects! And breakfast was indeed very good.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>gliderpilot1
<Content>Exactly what we expected       Van de Kasteelen - Exterior  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>virginialyn
<Content>Great hotel in Amsterdam We stayed at the Hotel Van De Kastellen for 3 nights in August, 2006. We loved the hotel! It is a small, family run hotel that has the feel of a bed and breakfast. It is very clean, the owners are friendly and helpful, and the location is great--our cab driver said it was the best area of Amsterdam. It is near the concert hall and several museums, and the more touristy areas are accessible by tram just 2 blocks from the hotel. Breakfast is served in a bright area overlooking a small garden, and the owners prepare hot food to order, as well as an array of cereals, fruit rolls and muffins. It was a great experience, and I highly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cruisesetc1
<Content>nice but small rooms We enjoyed the hotel but rooms were quite small. The staff were very nice and they had a nice breakfast but I thought the hotel was a little overpriced. You are convenient to the museums but the main hub is a ways away. I would recommend this hotel again to someone who wanted a more residential area near the museums.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wings2fly
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel After many reads from fellow travelers here,I went ahead and booked my four days in Amsterdam with this hotel. I was not dissappointed. It's a lovely small hotel,loaded with charm and rich decor as well as friendly helpful owner/staff. I would recommend it in a min. American travelers need to understand however that rooms,single rooms in particular,and beds are on the average much smaller than hotels in the u.s. as well as it's not common to have air conditioning,so check before hand if these are important to you. However,I consider this all apart of the differences that make Europe what it is,a charming destination. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Lennie1
<Content>Overprised B We stayed for 6 days, from August 4 to August 10.We enjoyed Amsterdam, but the hotel was a big disappointment.First, we were given room 14, just under the roof, with a tinywindow. It was hot and humid in the room, though the daywas not hot at all. I can only imagine how it had been duringthe heat wave, a week earlier. The owners said that they canset up an airconditioning unit in the room. With that, one couldsurvive, but the unit is very noisy, and, with it in place, you cannot open the window. After two days, we were moved to thefirst floor, and that was OK. The rooms are tiny. There were just two shelves in the closet, and I could hardly reach the top one(I am 6'4''=192 cm,) so you can not really unpack. The onlygood things are breakfasts and the bathroom. The ownerslooks nice, but, in my view, these are not smiling faces thatare mostly important but providing good value for money.This mediocre BB is not worth 170 euro per night thatwe paid.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>paulosussex
<Content>Not what I expected Just stayed for 2 nights at the Van de Kasteelen. Arrived on a hot Sunday evening, had to wait while the lovely cleaner let me in and showed me to my single room at the front of the property. The place is certainly spic and span, clean and tidy, with a stylish breakfast room. The room I had was tiny, don't bring your cat, because you won't be able to swing it! Absolutely the smallest room I've ever been given, a corridor with a bed. Bathroom ok, but again cramped. The breakfast was good. The location of the Van de Kasteelen is fairly convenient for museumplein and the vondelpark, 10mins walk, but a long way from central Amsterdam. You need to use the trams or face a 30 min walk to get to the central district. Some good restaurants nearby however and in the Pijp 5 mins east.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	2	3	3	

<Author>YvonneLouise
<Content>Just OK! Hotel situated in residential area of Amsterdam, however Tram No 5 took us back to the end of Street from City Centre. Stayed in July during heatwave so lack of air-conditioning proved a problem. Rooms were quite small and a little bland in decor. No coffee making facilities. Owners very helpful. Hotel not quite what we expected having read the previous reviews, more like a British BB therefore quite expensive as none of your usual Hotel facilities!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>TKraftC
<Content>Great Location, Friendly Staff As others have said- we wont reiterate much except to say the place was fabulous. The only flaw in this record hot summer in Europe was the lack of air conditioning- not usually a needed commodity in Amsterdam, but would have helped. Otherwise just a great place. Around the block from nifty places like the trendy Wildschutt bar and restaurant, a chain bread bakery which made a perfect place to get lunch food to go, and grocery (down the other end of Franz Mierstraat from the one you come in on- then turn right. That road then bends to the left- and there you will find the little grocery. Breakfast was excellent- the family running the place very helpful. Museumplein is so much nicer to sleep in and hang out in than the madhouse downtown near Damme Square. Perfect if you are in for skipping the Red Light and Marijuana scenes. We are into neither and found Amsterdam very charming- particularly south of Rokin- our favorite area was at Spui. Get a tram day or multi-day pass so you only have to validate it once- for off and on tram hopping. The museums are very close by to the hotel. On Fridays- the Van Gogh is open til 10 and hosts a disco (to attract a new generation of art lovers)- we found Friday evening a perfect time to see the Van Gogh.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EuroJustin
<Content>Wow. What a great hotel!       View from the balcony  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Davey 10
<Content>Cleanest ever We stayed at the hotel Kasteelen in June for two nights. The hotel is small and situated in a quiet, safe side street. The hotel is immaculately clean and serves a very nice breakfast. Bedrooms are on the small side and do not have air con (at least ours didn't!). The staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel is well sitiuated being a short tram ride (5 mins) from Dam Square, or a pleasant 25 min walk. The Van Gogh museum is just around the corner. Catch a tram from centraal station to museumplein as the best way to get there, much quicker and cheaper than a taxi.We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>suave2kool
<Content>A Peaceful and Immaculate Little Gem This small hotel is located on a tranquil little street literally a five minute walk from the Van Gogh and RijkMuseum , in a very tranquil and upscale residential area, two blocks (and not New York city blocks!) from the trams(trolleys) that take you any where you want to go in Amsterdam. There is also a large underground supermarket (Abert Heijn) in front of the concert hall where you can buy water, food, toiletries, amd multiride strippenkaarts to use on the trams. Unfortunalely, I was leaving a few days before one of my favorite Brazilian singers, Gilberto Gil was appearing at the Concertbouw.. The hotel Van de Kasteelen is kept immaculately clean, and the bedrooms albeit small, were clean, comfortable (with mini-bar fridges) and the bathrooms were modern and spotless, There is also.an elevator. The daily included breakfast was plentiful, with fresh croissants and rolls, yogurts, cold cuts, fresh coffee, tea and juice, cereals and fresh fruit, not to mention fresh eggs anyway you like 'em and, and bacon too! The owners are very polite, friendly and helpful, including the staff, especially Misa who went out of his way to help us on more than one occasion..In terms of location, tranquility, and friendly helpul staff, this hotel cannot be beat for a good night's sleep and a breakfast to last you until dinner! I would return here in a minute and highly recommend it to all.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sarah-1975
<Content>little gem Our expectations of this hotel were high due to the good reviews on here and we were not let down. The hotel is easily found from the central train station it is tram no 5 to stop museumplein and then it a short walk for 3 blocks until you come across a leafy tree lined street (Frans van Mierisstraat 34 street) and the hotel is on the left hand side. We arrived early but the owners were more than happy to keep our bags until check in at 2pm, the only problem we had is that we had booked for 3 nights but the hotel only had record of 2 nights and they were fully booked for our 3rd night!! but she had arranged for us to stop our 3rd night at the savoy hotel which although is a big nice hotel and the room was large it was not as nice as the van de kasteelen.We had booked a deluxe double room and it was lovely, very large bed and nice clean crisp sheets, and the bathroom was a nice size and very clean no complaints at all. There was a mini bar aswell which was not that cheap but then again not at lot in amsterdam is cheap! we were at the front of the hotel at the top (room 14) (there is a lift) and had a nice view over the street which was very quiet.Breakfast was very nice and had the usually stuff available from cereal toast crossants etc also you could choose how you had your eggs cooked with bacon which was very tastey.The owners were more than happy to help with any problems and spoke very good english, we would recommend this hotel to everyone, it is in a great location only a 2/3 min tram ride (no5) to the main shops and restaurants (the leidseplein area) or a 15min walk through a lovely park which takes you past the the van gogh and rijks museums.We will definately be going back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five star quality in a two star hotel My partner and I planned our five day holiday in Amsterdam back in February, and quite frankly, we had booked another hotel (which will remain nameless) in the city. After reading some reviews on this website, we decided to cancel our original booking and go for the Hotel Van De Kasteelen instead - and we are SO glad we did.This lovely little hotel is about eight to ten minutes walk from the Van Gogh museum and the main Concert Hall, nice and convenient - and very quiet at night, which suits us fine. A five minute walk gets you to the nearest tram stop; No. 5 tram takes you to the main areas of Amsterdam via Leidseplein and other bustling tourist areas. There are a few cosy little restaurants and deli places near to the Van de Kasteelen; the other properties are either residential or other small hotels.On arrival at the hotel, we were more than pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and as new appearance of the interior. Everything looked brand new and spotlessly clean. Even the cherry wood furniture in the hotel was of the same design and style; the reception, dining/ breakfast room and even our own room all having the same smart minimalist modern touch.The room was on the third floor, and accessed either by the traditional suicide stairs or a state of the art Otis lift system - the kind found in really big posh hotels. All the doors were accessed by electronic keycard system, again a big hotel touch. Inside, the room was very neat and tidy, SPOTLESSLY clean and again looking as if it had been decorated the day before. The bathroom had been fitted out with rather up-market Grohe taps and thermostatic bath/shower mixer. A neat wall-hung WC and basin next to the bath, and a hard-wired hairdryer completed the setup. Everything looked brand new.There was the ubiquitous TV set, telephone and modem point for laptop users, and the wardrobe contained a safe which could be programmed with your own security code. only thing we wished for but was not present, was tea making facilities. The two single beds were spotlessly clean and very comfortable, and there were plenty of covers to keep us comfortable and cosy.Breakfast was simple but plentiful, comprising a selection of fruit, yogurts, cereals, a choice of bread, cold meats and cheeses, croissants, and eggs  bacon - done how you like. Tea, fruit juices, coffee were available and as many refills as desired. Service was very prompt, and courteous. A truly lovely little hotel, run by very polite customer- oriented people.In all, our stay in Amsterdam was absolutely wonderful. The weather was excellent, the flights were on time, the food everywhere was great; the hotel was the jewel in the crown really. We cannot reccommend this hotel enough. Our only worry is it will get too popular, and we won't be able to get a room next time!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mustang beau
<Content>A little gem... I just returned from a week in Amsterdam staying at this excellent small hotel. It is in a quiet street, just a few blocks from the major museums, the Concertgebouw, the Vondelpark and 2 blocks from 4 tram lines. So, you can get anywhere in Amsterdam quickly, but you are far away from the noise and party atmosphere of the center or the major squares. My room was immaculately clean and nicely decorated, with a TV and small mini-bar. The breakfast was more than adequate and even included eggs cooked to order. The family running the hotel was very helpful, answering questions, recommending restaurants and arranging airport transportation. The surrounding area includes many nice small restaurants and cafes that are quite good. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to anyone who wants a welcoming hotel in a beautiful neighborhood.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice little hotel Very nice little hotel. I ended up with a 2 twin bed room and although the beds were small, they were very comfortable. Internet is available but a little spotty in my room because I was on the third floor. However, given the easy walking distance to everything, you shouldn't have much reason to spend time in your room on the internet. The best part about it all is the fact that the hotel is on a very quiet street and you could easily get a good night sleep.The staff was very friendly and provide lots of helpful tips and direction. To get to the hotel from the airport, you should take the shuttle instead of the taxi. It should not cost more than $12 Euros each way.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WorldTravellerSD
<Content>Don't miss this. Just returned from a lovely stay .This hotel is ideal for touring the city you can walk or take the tram to any part of the city. Lots of good restaurants just down the street . This hotel is central and quiet and the owners are eager to help . Everything is very clean and the sun room is lovely off the dining area. We left for an early flight and we surprised and delighted to have the offer of having breakfast served for us at 7am .You can't go wrong if you choose this great hotel.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Accomodations Stayed at this small 14 room hotel on April 30/06 which was a national holiday celebrating Queen Beatrix birthday. The whole city turned into a massive street party to celebrate Queen's day. Had room 14th on the top floor of the building and the room was very cosy, clean and comfortable. The hotel is very close to the Van Gogh Museum, Rijks Museum and Vondel Park. It is a 20 minute walk to the city center or an easy tram ride to the center. There are a lot of hotels much closer to the city center but this hotel is in a nice area and is very accessible to everything. The price included a buffet breakfast that was excellent. The host Wilma and her husband are very gracious and always helpful. This is a fantastic place to stay and I would recommend it without hesitation to anyone visiting Amersterdam.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hollychantal
<Content>Above and beyond hospitality My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Van de Kasteelen from March 24th to March 27th 2006. The owners of this hotel went way out of their way to make our stay as comfortable as possible. When we arrived our room was not ready so we sat in a cute little sunroom and read a selection of magazines that they had on hand. We were immediatly offered a drink while we waited. When our room was ready we were escorted by Anita to our chambre. Our room had a nice size bed (comfortable firm mattress) , two nightstands( one loaded with brochures on what to do while in Amsterdam, helpful) a writing desk, closet (with safe), and TV. The bathroom was fairly large and had a shower/bath combo. Two french doors opened up to a balcony overlooking the picteresque street below. On the night of our arrival I was coming down was an awful sore throat and the owners were kind enough to give me some of their own cold medicine. They even ordered pizza for us and had it sent to our room!! (It was very cold and I couldn't take the thought of walking around outside to find a restaurant). In the morning their is complimentary breakfast which consists of usual european fare. However the owners will also make you fresh eggs and bacon if you wish. They were both very informative and will answer any questions that you may have about the city. The hotel itself is on a quite residential street which allows for great quite sleepy nights. It is walking distance from almost everything. Ten to fifteen minutes walking leads you to great shopping areas and the museums. My husband and I ate at a place called the New York steakhouse for his birthday and had some of the best Filet Mignon that we had ever eaten. Overall, this hotel is a gem and we would most certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EricRLosAngeles
<Content>Great Recommendation This was a great little hotel. The rooms are small, but very clean and comfortable. Breakfast comes with the room and is really nice (eggs, croissants, cereal, cheese, fruit, etc). We stayed here for 11 nights on the recommendation of Trip Advisor and the reviews were right on. Perfect location close to the Van Gogh Museum and lots of local restaurants. Away from the hustle of the inner-city, but easily accessible by a short tram ride. Our friends stayed here with their 2 year old at the same time and the hotel provided a nice crib. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Roitz
<Content>Incredible hotel We stayed 6 nights and would recommend this hotel to anyone. It is in a great location- close to all the museums and a 5 min. walk to the #5 tram or other trams as well. It has an elevator- It is super clean- super quiet and the morning breakfast was good. The owner personally fixed our breakfast and kept us supplied in coffee- the crossiants are so good. Fruits, cereals, yogurts, breads, cold cuts, and fresh juice. From there you can order eggs and bacon. Nice breakfast room to come down to each morning. We were close to every attraction and used the tram passes for 72 hours which was a deal at 13 euros each. The trams are clean, quick and very effecient- if you aren't within walking distance you are only a few stops away on the #5 tram. We were traveling with our 9 year old daughter and my in-laws and the owners were so nice to our daughter. The owner brought her a chocolate bunny on our last morning before leaving from a great chocolate store around the corner. We were serenaded a couple of nights by the sounds of a violinist playing in his room- many musicians stay here and I understand why. If you are big packer take note that European hotels are smaller on storage space than what we are used to- so don't expect gigantic storage or huge rooms. Our room was nice and the bathroom was good sized and modern. You got an incredible value for your money at this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hampsteader
<Content>Very nice haven in lovely neighborhood I had a very nice stay while in town on business for a few days in late March.The family that run the hotel are very pleasant and accommodating.My room was small but not tiny and was fine for a few days. The bathroom was extremely nice, which is important to me. My room looked over the back gardens and in the evening I could hear a neighbour playing the voilin, which was rather nice.To me the place is like a good BB but with modern amenities such as swipe key cards, a modern lift, good plumbing, and wireless internet access.The only thing I didn't like was the automatic air-freshener in the bathroom which made me sneeze and bothered my asthma. If I had seen it up above the door sooner I would have asked for it to be turned off, which is what I will do next time I go. (Okay- so I don't like duvets rather than sheets either, but you get stuck with those all over the Continent.)The hotel is VERY clean.The neighbourhood is pretty and quiet and very close to some nicer amenities of real amsterdam rather than the tourist tat in the centre. There are very nice cafes nearby, good shops on PC Hoofstraat, a nice park nearby, Concertbegouw and the museums- all within a few minutes walk. (For you Londoners, it remined me of Belsize Park, only closer to the centre.) Also good for business travellers who need access to WTC and RAI.Transporation is good too. You can get there easily from Schipol via Zuid (WTC) Station and #5 tram, totally avoiding the disgusting Centraal Station.I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Whitethorn
<Content>Lived up to expections My wife and I stayed at this hotel over the Easter Weekend after reading the reviews in Tripadvisor. The hotel was everything that was promised. The bedroom and bathroom were spotless and quite spacious as rooms go in Amsterdam. There is a spacious lift so one does not have to negociate the near vertical stairways found all over Amsterdam. Breakfast was everything a person would need. The hotel is in a very quiet street but is still only 200 meters from the Van Gogh, Rijsmuseum and the Concertboew. There is also a tram stop aroun the corner from it. Book the taxi service from the hotel if you are going to the airport as it only costs a fixed charge of 30Euro.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel in Adam A lovely hotel, we recommed this to everyone visiting Amsterdam. Excellent, quite place, ver tiny, charming couple maintaining, good breakfast, and near museums as well as good restaurants. - Visitors from Helsinki  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>minerssa
<Content>Lovely hotel in nice area This is a really lovely hotel in a very nice area. It is situated on a quiet residential street. The hotel is finished with high quality fitments and decorated and furnished to a high standard. The rooms are a good size for a european city hotel formerly a house. The proprieters were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was really good with a good selection of everything for a continental breakfast but you could also have eggs and bacon cooked any way required. This hotel is a 10 minute walk to the centre of Amsterdam if you are able but the tram stop is at the end of the road and the museums just around the corner. There are some nice shops, restaurants and bars in the nearby area which is a residential area as well as being only a short walk to Leidsplein where the main bars and restaurants are situated. Would recommened this hotel for all.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CLnyc
<Content>A Perfect Stay My wife  I had a perfect stay at the van de Kasteelen Hotel. Basically, we agree with the sentiments conveyed by the other reviewers for this hotel. No complaints whatsoever; we'll definitely return. It is certainly an excellent value.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gems30
<Content>Excellent hotel After reading trip advisor I chose this hotel and was not disappointed. I had previously stayed at NH Caransa on a previous trip. Van de Kasteeleen is a lovely hotel which has a very high standard of cleanliness. Found our double room with ensuite quite spacious. Bed was really big and comfortable and shower was excellent. Breakfast is one of the best I have ever tasted and is served until 10.00 am. There is fresh fruit salad available, a wide variety of cereal and you can also have eggs and bacon if you wish. The hotel is very accessible and serviced by Trams 5 and 16 but is also within walking distance of centre of Amsterdam. Would definately stay here again. It is very reasonably priced and includes an excellent breakfast. I booked it through easytobook.com.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GeorgeB1
<Content>All we expected from the TripAdvisor reviews! We chose Amsterdam for a short post Christmas break and selected this hotel based upon the Tripadvisor reviews. Excellent hosts, with obvious pride in ownership, very helpful and friendly. Well furnished, clean, small rooms with little cupboard or draw space, but certainly warm enough during a cold spell in January.. Good quality breakfast (included in our rate). Location is ideal for the concert hall and other Museum area attractions although a little far from the centre of town unless you use public transport ( which is close by).We enjoyed our stay here and I would think this hotel excellent for a short break where you don't expect to spend much time in your room.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>westwilshire
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Excellent Value We totally enjoyed our stay, very convenient location. As everyone has said, the rooms are small, but so what? The place is immaculate, recently renovated, brand-new everything, beautiful bathroom, nice dining room, good breakfast value. We found the staff very helpful and the atmosphere very home-like. We've been in Europe several times a year for the last 35 years, and this hotel is one of the best we've seen. A+.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Gem! A gem nestled on a tree-lined residential street, yet, conveniently located within two blocks of the ConcertGeouw, Van Gogh, and Rijksmuseum. The intimate, 16-room, hotel's interior is tranquil and serene, accented with beautiful and abundant orchids. The rooms are tiny by American standards, but, well-kept, and the bathrooms are well-appointed. The owners are gracious and friendly. A full breakfast is served in a lovely setting adjacent to an orchid-filled glass enclosed sitting room overlooking a small walled-in garden.We look forward to staying here again on our next trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Amsterdam! When we finally arrived at the hotel after a ten hour bus ride due to a train strike in Belguim, we were very pleasantly surprised to find it to be so lovely and in a great location. We loved our room and the big bathroom after having had so many tiny ones! The owners weer friendly and helped us with suggestions of where to eat. It is only a 5 minute tram ride into the heart of the city and a lovely walk along the canals. Amsterdam is a fantastic and beautiful city! We would highly recommend staying in this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gem of a Hotel A little gem, ideally located away from the hustle and bustle but not too far. Leidesplein is only a short walk and everywhere else is easily accessed by Amsterdam's superb tram system. The rooms, like all big city hotels were small but modern and very clean. I can't compliment the staff enough, they were warm, friendly, helpful and efficient. I would definetely go back there.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Maman
<Content>Tanquility and security I chose this hotel for a brief stopover en route to an international seminar. I relied almost entirely upon reports of other travellers and I was not disappointed. It is a stylish boutique hotel with highly personalised service in a delightful partof Amsterdam a stone's throw from the Museumplein. I can highly commend it to the independent woman traveller interested in attending a concert at the Condertgebouw as it is possible to stroll back safelyaround the corner to the Hotel at night. My room overlooked the tranquil rear garden and was delightfully quiet. The supportive service of my hosts was gentle warm and non intrusive.I shall return with my husband and children next year.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Not return - dissapointing I stayed at this hotel based on the many good reviews on tripadvisor. However, I was very dissapointed. Upon arrival, I waited outside and rang the door bells 30 minutes. Finally, a kind cab driver using his cell phone called the owner of the hotel to open the door.The room was very small, small closet, and bathroom was also tiny. The walls was thin and I could hear next door guest. The heater in the room was not warm.Breakfast was dissapointing. Barely any selection and the owner seemed reluctant to replenish. The owner was not very enthusiatic when I accepted his offer for omelet. My stay was dissapointing and I will not return to this hotel. I would recommend finding a different hotel for the same price.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eager to return A very classy small hotel walking distace to Museumplein. My husband and I stayed for 8 nights. European sized rooms which are enlarged by the big hearts and happy faces of Anita and Khun who serve professionally and happily. Quiet residential area with easy access to many tram lines. Full breakfast, clean and updated rooms, beautiful and balanced atmosphere. And thanks to the other reviewers -we appreciate your accurate positive reviews of this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in Amsterdam My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Van de Kasteleen this past week and we were really impressed. Anita, the owner, was there to welcome us to the hotel and even walked us up to our room. The location of the hotel is perfect, just a two minute walk to the nearest tram line. A short walk to Museumplein (Riiks and Van Gogh Museums), two tram stops from any kind of restaurant you could want in Leidseplein, and 6 tram stops from Centraal Station. The street that the hotel is on is purely residential and very quiet. We were on the third floor facing the street. We had a small balcony, beyond a set of beautiful, white french doors, that we could walk out on that had a great view of the street and the tall, green trees that line it. The room itself was of average European hotel room size, BUT it was extremely clean, comfortable, and simply, but tastfully decorated. The bathroom in our room boasted an open shower, fresh white towels, and squeaky clean surfaces! There is a good sized elevator available for use, not a little closet of a lift like the ones found at other smaller hotels in Amsterdam. The lobby is a wonderfully welcoming room with tall ceilings and warm lighting. The entrance door to the hotel is locked from the outside and your room key unlocks it and it swings opens automatically. Upon your arrival to check in, someone will be there to open it for you because you will not have your key yet! Anita herself was up early in the morning making eggs for the guests that chose to get out of the comfortable beds to enjoy the pleasant breakfast served each morning. All in all, as you can probably tell, we enjoyed this hotel and have many encouraging words to say about it and the owners. We pass through Amsterdam every year, and you can bet we will allow that automatic door of the Hotel Van de Kasteleen to be opened for us again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, definate gem I was a solo female traveller at a conference in Amsterdam so wanted a nice safe hotel in a good neighbourhood. But not costing a fortune. I based my trip booking on a trip advisor recommendation and I was really pleased with this choice. This was a great little hotel, it is cosy, a small restaurant for breakfast, no bar or real lounge area. The rooms are decorated very stylishly and they are comfortable and clean. My single was small but perfect for my needs. The location was fantastic very near tram stops into the centre of town and to the conference venue. It is an easy walk to museums and the park. There are also some great places to eat and drink near by. The reception staff were very helpful with ideas of where to go out, and did there best to help make my stay very easy  enjoyable.Breakfast is great if you like a light continental breakfast and it was the best scrambled egg I have ever eaten!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Roseybud73
<Content>Nice hotel, close to museums and away from the seedier parts of Amsterdam       Loo!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cozy, friendly, quiet       Entrance. Press the button on the right side then the door will be opened to you.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Major1
<Content>Simply Superb!!! We decided to opt for this hotel following the great reviews. It was the best decision ever. In a great position, easy to get to the Museums and canals. Clean, friendly and a great breakfast to start your day off. We will be visiting Amsterdam again, and we would not use any other hotel. Simply superb!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Real Gem! My husband and I recently returned from a seven night stay at the Hotel Van de Kasteleen in Amsterdam. This property is in a great location, close to the tram lines and near lots of restaurants and shopping. The rooms are small, as all European hotel rooms are, but the bed was big and comfortable and the bathroom was large and we had a great breakfast every morning. The owners are very warm and helpful. If we ever go back we'll definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eibhlin2
<Content>Fabulous hotel We stayed in the Van Kasteelen having read very positive reviews on Trip Advisor. And they certainly were right. This is a gem of a hotel, in a great location on a quiet street near all the museums and a short tram ride from Dam Square and the railway station. The proprietors are the friendliest you could meet and their hotel is spotless - I challenge you to find cleaner. The rooms are spacious by Amsterdam standards and very well equipped. A great breakfast was included in the 鈧?25 a night per room charge - we were even offered bacon and eggs! A small sunroom is equipped with some magazines for a quiet read and some fabulous orchids. I would return without any hesistation.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superior hotel with excellent service Everything was just perfect during our four nights stay at this lovely hotel in Amsterdam. It seems to be a bit outside the city centre, but the museums are only a few hundred meters away. The tramlines run in both ends of the block, but the street itself is very quiet, almost without any traffic.We booked through WorldBy, and confirmed directly to the hotel a couple of days prior to our arrival. The staff and service was excellent throughout our stay, the room was neat and clean, the elevator perfect after a long days walk. The breakfast had a very high class.(A few tips within 500 meters from the hotel: 1. go early to the museums! 2. visit Albert Cuypmarkt for some street-shopping 3. Ther is a super Greek restaurant - Kriti at Roelof Hartplein.)  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jam1308
<Content>Absolutley wonderful   showReview(3440216, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Maxdepth
<Content>Good Hotel, good location   showReview(3326748, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Choice   showReview(3027747, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OakeyPal
<Content>WONDERFUL!   showReview(3013596, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deeanne14
<Content>Lovely Hotel   showReview(2584878, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Choice!   showReview(2291897, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel    showReview(2225442, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You'll want to go back again   showReview(2073927, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Small Hotel   showReview(1032079, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Friendly, clean, and comfortable   showReview(564687, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ajandria
<Content>Me gusto Mucho, lo recomiendo   showReview(7551949, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fsuhsv
<Content>Gelungener Kurztripp/Aufenthalt   showReview(5765166, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>miserable preis/leistung sehr schmale betten   showReview(4987571, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

