<Author>RayPays
<Content>Nice Location A nice quiet location in the residential part of The Condado. Check in was simple even late at night and the front desk people were very nice and helpful. Only stayed one night before heading further into the Caribbean. Will use this property again when passing through and thats more than i can say for the countless other hotels tried in a dozen trips passing through San Juan.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>njoimi
<Content>Loved it I loved it. I was skeptical at first but when we got there it was great. The staff was friendly and helpful. Hotel was very clean, the balcony was beautiful. The food at the restaurant downstairs was delicious and so was the food at Wind Chimes Inn. Many of the local spots had good food too. The jacuzzi was very nice and warm. The beach is less than 50 feet away. I will come back. My friends who live there came to visit and they loved the place soo much that they are going to recommend it to their friends and family that comes to Puerto Rico to visit. The only thing that may be considered a Con (if there is one) is when Acacia closes you have to walk to the corner to Wind Chimes Inn to eat, and do anything else but it's not that bad it's literally right across the street. There is a nice restaurant 2 blocks on the left of Wind Chimes and Bebos is very close as well. If you don't mind walking there's a lot of things very close i.e. Uno, Walgreens, food on Ashford, Radisson, 24 hour grocery store, a park, and a local store that sells liquor..... You can get on either C53, B21, or A5 to go to Old San Juan..... It's located in a great spot.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>euronext
<Content>Need to change This hotel belongs to the same management as the Atwindchimesinn,I called them to book the place ,and took the room atwindchimes inn and totally disappointed as the place is a mess,very lousy,and moist rooms and felt very suffocating in the rooms.Good room size but poor ventilation.I suggest dont go with the room images placed online as the pictures were EDITED.so i had to pay alot more for the room in Acacia seaside inn.This is right near to the atwindchimes.Here the rooms are very small, a queen bed in 130 sqft.:(.No near by restaurants,i felt they are very expensive compared to the room size and facilities.good things are that they few steps away from the condado beach,very nice beach,and in the nice locality,condado and easy access to the old sanjuan.and also good restaurants in 20 min walk.I Learnt that it is becoming very difficult to decide from the internet images to find if the hotel looks the same.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>annamariect
<Content>Loved this small hotel My husband and I just returned from a four night stay at this small hotel. Initially a little concerned because our room was on the third floor and there are no elevators. However our room was wonderful and we really enjoyed sitting on our large balcony enjoying the views of the ocean and the cool breeze. We loved the large and relaxing jacuzzi. We enjoyed the fact that the temperature was not too warm as this hotel has no pool and the temperature was just right for a long soak. Missed having a refrigerator, which would have made it perfect. The sister hotel is nearby and does have a bar and a small but delicious menu to choose a small meal from. There is a nearby restaurant called bebos which you can walk to that offers a large menu choice. My husband is choosy and he did not want to leave . I fell in love with puerto rico and can't wait to return.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>scubadudes
<Content>Outstanding service We had no idea where to stay while in San Juan and wanted to be centrally located. This place was perfect. The room (we had 303) had a delightful balcony overlooking the pool/spa with a view of the ocean. Loved the tiled bathroom and floors. Listening to the ocean all night was an added bonus...and after the rains we could hear the sounds of the coqui. We had exceptional help from Palmira making our stay there even more pleasant. She provided great hints and directions for where to go, what to do. Special thanks to her!! We loved our trip to Guavate and the fantastic meal of roast pig! A real Puerto Rican delight! The segway tour of Old San Juan was a real highlight of our trip!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>majoliemoi
<Content>Wonderful Suite, Helpful Staff Acacia Seaside Inn is a small boutique hotel, which means that the staff know you by name and not only treat you in a respectful, courteous, professional manner, but regard you more as extended family.I arrived with my best friend and we booked the two-bedroom suite. The room was simple, but elegantly appointed. There was only one air-conditioner in my room, but my friend's room was more spacious than mine, so we pulled straws. The front desk attendant, Felix, really should be running this hotel, as he manages every thing about it with precision. Not only did he make sure that we got the room we requested (there was some initial confusion about availability), but he provided us with more information about the island and its activities than any manual or guide could have. He gave precise driving directions, exact names of persons who ran businesses three towns away (Pinones) and even told us about various points of interests to our liking. Parking can be difficult if you're renting a car, but it's not impossible. The hotel offers a guaranteed parking spot for a fee ($10 a day), but we were able to find space on the street. Many of the excursions that you'll want to do can be set up by the hotel, if you ask. They did not attempt to sell us on anything, merely suggested companies when we inquired. Through them, we were able to rent a car and double-check pricing for our Biolumiscent Bay tour (doing this resulted in a drop in our price, so we were pleased). GAY TRAVELLERS will be delighted with Acacia's location in the Condado area (akin to Chelsea in NYC, Castro Area in San Fran, and Chueca in Madrid. . .all C's. . .coincidence?). To top it off, the Acacia is walking distance from the gay beach off of Vendig Street, near the Atlantic Hotel. There is a nearby Internet Cafe and even a place to buy stylish swimsuits (Monsieur).The walk to various clubs is a bit longer, but enjoyable. There are SEVERAL places to eat in all price ranges. Many have mentioned Patisserie (3 stars), Pamela's (4 stars), Bebo's (3 stars). Toiletries can be bought at either of the two nearby Walgreens (one of which is 25 hours) on Ashford Street, and a nearby supermarket (Diego and Loiza) is open 24 hours. They even sell liquor. Overally, this hotel was wonderful. If I were to complain, I would ask the Acacia to increase the temperature on the 30-foot hot-tub (it was lukewarm), or would frown on the fact that there is no attendant at the front desk after 11:00pm (the attendant is stationed at the sister hotel, Wind Chimes Inn, about 100 feet up the block). Fastidious travellers will not like the fact that this small hotel doesn't really have room service or food options available, but my friend and I, both 25, are independent and don't need anyone to hold our hand. We would have enjoyed a fridge in the room, though, to keep our Puerto Rican rum and mixers cold.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pincksm
<Content>Great place to stay in San Juan! Just returned from spending 5 days/4 nights at the Acacia. What a terrific place to stay! When we arrived, we were warmly greeted by Felix who informed us that our room had been upgraded. We checked into a king room on the 2nd floor right across from the large, beautiful stone hot tub! Nice room with air conditioning and a celing fan and a small balcony.The inn was less than a block from the beach! The next time we are in San Juan, we will definitely be staying here.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>roller69
<Content>Waste of momey! Me and my friend stayed at the Acacia Seaside Inn for four nights. The staff at the front desk is overly friendly. Watch out! they are very pushy on tours they recommend. We went on akayak tour which began at 4pm. We did'nt eat anything figureingtheir would be a stop for dinner. Ha! They brought us to a smelly snack stand on the highway. That was our dinner.The other tour was to the rain forest. We stopped for a snackwhich we had to pay for including the tolls on the highway andthe entrance fee to the National Park. The next day I compainedto the person at the front desk and she gave me no satisfaction.The room was small with a 13 inch tube television. The doorto the balcony was all glass and had no courtain so at nightthe light came in right on the bed and anyone could see us inbed. We devised a makeshift courtain to cover the door. We weretold there was a continental breakfast at Wind Chimes Inna block away. This is there sister hotel. What they failed to tellus this breakfast was not complimentary. We did'nt find this outuntil checkout time when we were charged $25.58 for a bowlof cereal some toast and two cups of coffee. We complainedto the front desk to no avail. The only good things I have to sayabout our stay i the weather was perfect and the hotel was stepsfrom the beach.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>spinkid
<Content>Excellent Value, wonderful experience! Arriving in San Juan is pretty easy, they have an easy tourist Taxi station and they knew exactly where my small hotel was located. I was booked in At Wind Chimes Inn. Upon check in, they told me I'd been updraded to their sister property the Acacia which is a half block away from the beach, after walking around both I do feel like I was upgraded. Entering Acacia is like going into a Spa with calming music, nice lighting, a friendly staff. I was able to check in right away and leave my stuff. I went for a walk and got to know the area, at first their didn't seem like much. Then i went back to the hotel and headed to the beach. I relaxed, swam, etc until it started to rain. Then went back to the hotel checked out the awesome hot tub they have, then took a nap in my room since I was exhausted. I went for another walk and found the touristy area on Condado where all the restaurants are. Since I'd had a hamburger for lunch at the hotel (at the Wind Chimes property that you have access too) I wasn't that hungry and at dinner at Wendy's and investigated the large hotel casinos which actually weren't all that great. I missed the gay bar that I'd been looking for, but doubled back and found it after watching a Puerto Rican folk dance in one of the parks and losing some money at blackjack. IThe next two days were sort of the same, beach in the morning until it rained. I found a Starbucks to get coffee at in the morning. I watched football one afternoon and went to Old San Juan another afternoon. It It's very pretty there, it is an easy bus ride to get there, I took a cab back which was also easy and inexpensive.I had a dinner at Fuddrucker's. While it is a big chain, I never find them anywhere else so that was nice. I also went to a Mexican place that was pretty good. All of these places were within easy walking distance of the hotel.I would return here in a heartbeat. Clean room, great staff, close to the beach and close to everything in the Condado area.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>metntex
<Content>Rooms Are Downfall The property, apart from the rooms, is impressive. The decor is very ultra-cool and the restaurant (food and service) was outstanding. The only negative of the property is the rooms, or at least the one we stayed in, #301. Average at best. It did not seem to fit in with the rest of the decor. Maybe it had not been updated yet? What was advertised as a queen bed was really two twins pushed together. The room was very small with hardly any space to move around the room. The TV was a 13 portable (I did notice some rooms spa-side had what looked like 36 flatscreens). It reminded me of the room I used to stay in when visiting my grandmother's house. The huge hot tub on the 2nd floor was impressive, but the water was not hot at all and the waterfalls were not working. Service was friendly and prompt; however, unless they get the rooms up to par with the rest of the property I can't see how this can be considered the #1 hotel in Candado/San Juan area.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	4	2	

<Author>mdsmith656
<Content>Excellent Choice       Taken from balcony at room  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rohlin
<Content>Uneasy start, but a very smooth stay I booked this property for our honeymoon stay largely after reading the reviews here on Tripadvisor, and I don't regret doing that, as 90% of previous reviews were accurate enough for my tastes.The airlines forced us to arrive roughly 12 hours late, but a quick phone call to Felix took care of things for us. He even told me not to let our seemingly clueless cabbie take advantage of me, telling me that standard cab fare from the airport should be $15-$20.Upon arrival at 10:55pm, our hearts sunk just a little bit. The lobby was very dark, oddly decorated, with a few strange characters hanging around it. Some ominous music in the background gave the situation the feel of a bad 1970s scam job from some movie.After getting checked in and settled (room 205), as expected, the room was small with no closet. There was no plasma TV, only a small tube TV. The room was exceptionally clean, and our favorite feature was the very nice oversized shower. Room 205 was well away from the hot tub area, so noise was never a problem. We saw very few other patrons throughout the rest of our stay.As for the hot tub, it is easily the crown jewel of the inn. It's a little convoluted to get to from our section of rooms, but once we got there, it was worth the search. Most of the time there was only one other couple in the 30' tub. My wife and I even got to enjoy it by ourselves for a solid hour on a wonderful starry night. (NOTE: The jet controls are located right over the sign. We couldn't find them until another couple helped us.)The hotel location is well away from the tourist part of town, which is both good and bad. When you walk away from the strip, you get to experience the real San Juan, which is a little dirtier than the strip. Plenty of bashed up cars line the streets, as does a fair amount of garbage. Several of the other establishments were graffiti'ed up, and had razor wire protecting their fences, which is never a good sign. Despite all of these things, we were never in the presence of any threatening people at all.As for the beach itself, it is steps away from the main entrance, heavily lined with palm trees, as most photos will indicate. The beach was very peaceful with very few people on it. The surf was rough and the sand very peculiar. The grains were large, and with every step you sank 2-6 into the sand, even very close to the shore.The staff was polite and courteous, and even recommended a nice seafood restaurant for our final day on the island. My only complaint about the front desk is that they close from 11pm-6am, so if you need to check out in the middle of the night, you have to walk a block down the street to do so at the At Wind Chimes sister hotel. (I only make this complaint because we had to do this in the rain at 4:30am to make our 7:00am flight.)Despite the odd start, it was a good stay, and I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to deviate from the land of tourist traps and typical sterile chain resorts.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>eeskinner
<Content>Wonderful My bf and I went to Acacia after we took the southern caribbean cruise and we LOVED it!! Upon walking in, i was pleasently surprised as to how much nicer it was than what i had expected. The people we nice and very helpful. I booked a room with one king bed and ended up with a room that had 2 and was right in front of thier pool size jacuzzi!!! It was very affordable and clean-- very spacious. We also had a big flat screen in our room which was nice. I loved this more than a big hotel because it is more intimate and you get the real feel of san juan. You really are steps from the beach and can see the ocean from the jacuzzi. I was happy. The only complaint that I have was that there was construction going on outside of out bathroom window on the street ---------and with a very thin window, you could hear the jackhammer but, it wasnt that bad because they started around 9 am. Those things have to be done sometome...You shouldnt even be in your room that much cause it is such a cool place! I would def stay there again. FYI-- Acacia is newer and nicer than At wind chimes (thier sister hotel). THe bar at At Wind Chimes is nice and the barteders were great. ALSO--- the food at Niche is excellent.... considered one of the best in condado/san juan area. Be prepared to spend at least $12-15 for cabs to old san juan area---- you will be spending a good amount of time in that area becuase that is where all the cool shops/bars etc are. I def suggest going to old san juan. I will add pics and comments soon. EES  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mikeguman
<Content>OK My girlfriend and I stayed at the Acacia in mid May of 2008. It was our first trip to Puerto Rico although we have friends who highly advised that we go there. We are happy that we stayed at the Acacia because of the price and end result, but it wasn't perfect by any means. Issue #1- When we arrived on Saturday night, Felix checked us in to our room, 105. The next day, my credit card company called me with a fraud alert saying that they've given approval to bill my account to this same place twice (I brought this to the attention of the front desk and we had that fixed). After our vacation I noticed on my credit card statement that I was indeed charged twice for my room, even after we addressed this with the front desk. I'm sure a mistake, but it seems that it could have been avoided.Issue #2- The first room we were given was 105, on the first floor, behind the front desk. Do not stay in this room. It is spacious enough, but only has 1 window that is in the bathroom and looks up to the parking lot behind the building. There is no natural light in this room. Also, it is close to the restaurant kitchen so you hear the wait staff until the kitchen closes. (Though, the food in the restaurant was delicious.) The biggest problem with room 105 was that, during the night the a/c was dripping inside the room (because it wasn't a window unit). In the morning we realized what happened and looked at the wall where the water was dripping and saw a LOT of mold. It was apparent that it wasn't the first time that happened and was most likely known before we were given the room (there was a bucket behind the couch by the wall meant to catch the water from the a/c). Anyway, the next day, the staff gave us a new room with a balcony and nice view, so that made up for it. Issue #3- There is no parking on the street for the Acacia. When making a reservation, try to get a spot in the Wind Chimes parking lot. If you can't, you'll be parking a couple blocks away. (My rental was perfectly safe, but I did see a couple cars along the same street with windows broken so that was in the back of my mind)Positives: The beach is a few steps out the door and has great surf. Breakfast at the Wind Chimes was good and free I think (don't have the milk though) On our first night, Freddie (restaurant manager) drove us to Bebo's because their kitchen had already closed. Thanks!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>lamorena9
<Content>adorable, wonderful hotel!! highly recommended!!! my husband and i loved our stay at the acacia. it was the perfect, relaxing, quiet get away. the hotel was adorable--very clean, wonderfully decorated and designed, and RIGHT on the beach!! the hot tub was amazing and overlooks the ocean--incredible. the staff was amazing, palmira is the sweetest and SO incredibly helpful. the hotel is close to everything that san juan and the neighboring areas have to offer, yet its located in a quiet residential area for a relaxing get away. we loved our stay here and would recommend it to anyone who wants to see the best that san juan has to offer without having to sacrifice a comforting and serene atmosphere. if you are considering staying here--think about it no more and just book it!!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boston_MASweeps
<Content>Great value by the beach... We did a lot of research before traveling to San Juan, and the Acacia turned out to be a great value. The rooms are nicely appointed, the proximity to the beach is great, the staff is friendly and attentive, the common areas are cool, and the hot tub is just gorgeous. We really liked staying so close to Ocean Park, as we got to hang out on the local beach, away from the noise and tourist traps on the strip. Only downside are the food options...the breakfast buffet at the Wind Chimes is not worth $11.95, when you can walk down the street to Pinky's or Kasalta for a great, inexpensive meal. We also tried the on-site restaurant, Niche, and while the space was beautifully designed, we were unimpressed with the bar, the service was distracted (surprising given that there were only two parties in the restaurant the night we were there), and the food was inconsistent (one excellent entree, one just middling). Walk down the beach to Pamela's if you're looking for a splurge meal.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Anon85
<Content>Could be great, but... I just came back from 3 nights at the Acacia Seaside Inn. Over the last two years, I've stayed at pretty much every single guesthouse in Ocean Park and Condado, but this was my first time staying at the Acacia (Numero Uno was booked, and so was At Wind Chimes Inn - they in turn referred me to the Acacia). Overall, the rooms and common areas at the Acacia are by far the nicest. The owners clearly take great pride in their property, and this is evident in the general upkeep and cleanliness of the Inn, and the friendliness of the staff. The rooms are comfortable, with nice touches such as plasma TVs, the bathrooms are large and well-appointed, and the proximity to the beach is second only to Numero Uno. In terms of price/quality, I'd be hard-pressed to come up with better value. What could have been a great stay, however, was ruined by the incessant noise that came every single night from the spa/pool area. Part of the problem is that the spa, while officially closed after 11:00pm, is accessible at all hours of the day and night. One night, I was awoken at 4:30am by a group of drunken guests who kept partying in the hot tub until 6:00am. Part of the problem is also because the Inn is not staffed after 11:00pm, so there is no one on site to keep things calm. Calls to the front desk of At Wind Chimes Inn, the sister property down the street, resulted in sympahetic apologies, but nothing more was done about it. The biggest problem, however, seems to be that the Acacia hasn't quite figured out what it wants to be. By tolerating loud drunken behavior (and since I'm not the first reviewer to write about it, it points to the fact that it's an ongoing issue), management is implicitly condoning it. If they want to be a party-type hotel and rent rooms to large groups, so be it. That said, they can't be all things to all people, and they need to realize that this choice comes at the expense of guests who like me, are just looking to relax in peace and quiet. It' a shame, really, and I hope they do something about it.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>winotter
<Content>Coolness and Charm I know, I know: coolness and charm seem incompatible, yet the Acacia pulls it off. I hesitate raving about the Acacia for fear Staters will inundate the place, expecting Wifi, slick tv's throughout and a concierge who kisses your Chihuahua in three different languages. But I owe a debt to Trip Advisor for the reviews I had read about both this hotel and its sister hotel and want to thank the entire staff of these inns for their warmth.I too had booked a room in At Wind Chimes, Acacia's sister hotel a half-block away. Instead, I was given a room at the Acacia. Wind Chimes would have been fine and, in fact, I spent a good amount of time in their tropical bar and the pool (small but wonderful atmosphere). I didn't see any of Wind Chimes's rooms but the rest of the hotel was wonderful. Like Acacia, there were plenty of little places to escape with a book or with someone else. Everyone on the staff was extremely welcoming. Allen and Mario at the Wind Chimes outdoor bar were beyond wonderful, attentive without being obsequious and just plain a lot of fun to hang around.And so was the staff at Acacia: Felix and the great women behind the desk as well as the terrific waitress at Niche, the hotel restaurant, were as accommodating as could be. The restaurant, as we say in Boston, was wicked awesome. It's so hard to describe the ambience but think the coolest boutique hotel restaurant, with granite walls and mood lighting from floor (actually under the floor) to ceiling. The ceviche was tremendous beyond words. But the place is beautifully small so do reserve a table; it probably seats less than 25 people, including the bar.Actually, one of the best meals I had in the Condado was at a local, family restaurant about 3 1/2 blocks away from the ocean, a left off of Taft Street and a few doors on the other side of the Esso. It doesn't sound glamourous and it's not, but its bright local color and fresh fish are not to be missed. Sorry, the name escapes me. Calling the Acacia's hot tub a tub is like calling the Atlantic Ocean a pond. It's as big as the pool at Wind Chimes, more like a giant, meandering spa. Check out the photos someone else has included in their review on this site. At night the tub glistens and you float into heaven, buoyed by the salt water and tranquilizing minerals. My room was fanatastic. I didn't go to Puerto Rico to watch tv, play with my Blackerry or demand that people treat me like an entitled American. And I don't mind not hanging my clothes up for a week. If you miss a closet, you're packing too many clothes. It's very hot in PR. The sea breeze betrays a scorching sun. I lay in the shade under a palm tree at the end of Taft street for about 45 minutes and got a hell of a burn. Keep the summer sweaters in your closet at home; you'd feel overdressed in the Condado.When I was there the surf was especially high and pretty violent. I'm a strong swimmer and I had a tough time with the undertow. The locals respect the beach in this part of the island and there's a reason very few people go in the ocean here, and never stray out too far. It's just too dangerous, definitely not a place for children. But the sound of that surf, frenzied by the night winds, with palm tress licking at the moon, is incredibly seductive--nature's tango.I could go on and on. This is just my kind of place, but I concede it is not for everyone. The Acacia is still undergoing renovations and you cannot make or receive long distance calls in your room, my room anyway. If you're accustomed to the conveniences of the States and like the predictability of Starbucks, TGI Fridays and Marriot, if you are intolerant of anyone that doesn't speak American, you'll find a reason to be inconvenienced. You know who you are and don't stay here. As a matter of fact, just stay in Disney where no doubt the closets are ample. Save nirvana for the rest of us.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rocknrn
<Content>Great Place to Stay for the Most Part We recently returned from a 4 night stay at the Acacia Seaside Inn in Condado, San Juan. Its a great bargain at a terrific location. We had only one problem with the place. We were looking for a relaxing, quiet getaway and the hotel had a spring break vibe to it. The main reason may have been that our room was located right in front of the very large hot tub on the second floor. From late in the afternoon until the middle of the night on one night, the hot tub was filled with twentysomethings drinking. We tried to call the front desk in the middle of the night; but they close at 11 pm. We discussed it with the management the next morning, after we found our front patio area littered with empty beer cans and bottles. They told us they would send security from their sister hotel (At Wind Chimes) to patrol the area. The rest of the nights were quiet after midnight, but our room was surrounded by people drinking every afternoon. The rest of our visit was wonderful. The people at the front desk were very helpful. We enjoyed many area restaurants including Kasalta for breakfast, Piu Bello for lunch and Miro and Ikakos for dinner (all found on Avenida Ashford/McCleary). We ate one night at the hotel's new restaurant, Niche. It was an excellent meal and very elegant room with a great vibe. If we return to San Juan, we would love to stay at the Acacia again, we would just ask for a room away from the hot tub.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Trainsboston
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location My partner and I stayed here for three days prior to a cruise in February 2008. I had reserved here after reading some great reviews on Trip Advisor. Since our stay began smack dab in the middle of President's Day week I booked about 10 months in advance.We both loved the hotel and the location as well as the very friendly and helpful staff. We found the hotel very clean and well kept and our accomodations the same. Our room, although a little small, was perfect for what we needed. Be aware that there no closets to hang clothes. There was a rack attached to the wall where you could hang individual items but something like a garment bag would have probably torn it off the wall. Additionally there is no elevator so if that's an issue I would request a ground floor room. Our room number was 301 and was a corner queen room with a wrap around balcony. Our view was the beach approximately 150 to 200 feet away.If you are traveling to this area for the first time and are unsure of what to do just ask Felix who works at the sister hotel down the street At Wind Chimes for suggestions. Every restaurant that he suggested to us was spot on. Thank-you Felix!We loved the location of Acacia Seaside Inn as it is located on the border between Condado and Ocean Park. For the most part we loved exploring the Ocean Park neighborhood because it gave us an idea of what it's like to actually live in San Juan rather than just vacation there. There were many charming local restaurants and shops in the area. I would caution folks that do not come from urban areas or find poverty distateful that some of the streets in the area might not be their cup of tea. Also if you do not like to walk much you might be better served in a different part of San Juan. For the most part we found the neighborhood to be quite lovely with some very interesting architecture.We would most definitely stay at Acacia Seaside Inn again. It's one of those places that you just know that you'll return to some day.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vista4u
<Content>botique critique 2+3=5       great beach;)  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>dowillia2001
<Content>Great Experience The location is perfect/ right by the beach near shops and bars. In a non-commerical but safe area. The staff was extremely helpful will plan your whole trip for you if you need them to. The restuarant in the hotel was simply outstanding. Great presentation, service was great and the staff was very helpful with the menu. The bar and barfood at Windchimes was good as well. The rooms are small but suitable for two people and they were always clean and ready for use. The views from the balconys were very nice. The rooftop deck was secluded and relaxing. The hottub was beautiful. I would recommend anyone who is making their first trip to San Juan to stay at the Acacia Seaside Inn  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dschmooke
<Content>Wonderful Time, Very Charming!       The Hot Tub and there was no Chlorine only Salt water and minerals! Heavenly!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vix814
<Content>Best staff, beautiful hotel       Comfy bed  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>PlasticMan2
<Content>Great Stay We had a great post cruise stay here. As others have said, the rooms are on the small side, but big enough for the two of us and out luggage. The balconies are great. Large and a partial view of the ocean. Staff was very helpful in every way. There was a difference in our quoted price and what they requested, but this was corrected the next day. No problem.It is about 1/2 mile walk to several restaurants. It was a nice sidewalk walk with many other people so we felt safe. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>KDAA
<Content>We loved the Acacia Seaside Inn My wife and I stayed at the Acacia for three days and we loved it. We had what I believe was described as a Queen room with balcony. It was a third-floor room overlooking the jacuzzi. The room was small, but fine for just my wife and I. The room and the facility were tastefully decorated and very pretty. The bathroom was actually quite large by comparison. The balcony was a comfortable fit for two people, and had two simple plastic chairs. It was very clean and well kept and we had no problems of any kind. The staff was very friendly and helpful.Being in a largely residential district, we found it very quiet and had no problems with noise. It was just a short walk to the restaurant strip, and there were a few places just a couple of blocks away.Others have commented on the parking, which is five spaces at their other property, the At Wind Chimes Inn. I wouldn't try it in anything larger than a compact car, but it was manageable. If you are just staying in the area and going to Old San Juan, I would suggest forgetting the car altogether. A taxi to Old San Juan was $14USD from the hotel area.We didn't have a chance to eat at the restaurant on the premises, so I can't comment on that.If you want a full-service hotel with lots of on-site amenities and a more traditional hotel feel, this isn't the place. If you want a more unique, boutique facility that is conveniently located, then I would definitely recommend the Acacia.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TereshaMinnesota
<Content>Home away from home. upon arrival we were treated with such care. We were given a map of all the things to see and the places to eat, if your wanted authentic puerto rician food and experience. Our room was looking out at the ocean. the belcony was wonderful at night to sit and enjoy a cocktail. It was very clean and professional. The area was very safe and minutes away from the happening strip. I would stay here again and would recommend to everyone else. This was a great home away from home. And we suggest you walk the area and sit and talk to the locals.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jayson12343
<Content>nice staff i stayed in this hotel...boutique// with my family rooms are very clean,,staff was great and very helpful specially santos !! the night clerk he provided us me and my family with all information and palces to go ..also gave us real attention and hospitality..this hotel was very beatifull and pleasant..i really reccomend staff and the hotel to others  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alydar
<Content>great place My wife and I stayed at Acacia for three nights and enjoyed our time there. The room was well-maintained and the housekeepers did a fine job. The jacuzzi is the nicest amenity of the hotel and we definitely took advantage of it quite a bit. We liked that it was maintained at a very comfortable temperature -- it kept us warm at night but unlike a hot tub, we could spend more than 10 minutes in it without breaking into a sweat. We didn't eat at the new restaurant, Niche, but we did have a few mid-afternoon drinks at the bar at the nearby sister hote, the Wind Chimes. The beach is 30 seconds down the street. There is a decent deal of surf, and the sand, while good, is not great, as it is a bit coarse. Also, for at least half a mile in either direction on the beach, there's nothing but more beach -- I mean, there are no bars or restaurants or anything (I guess whether that is good or bad is a matter of personal preference). While the hotel does have beach towels, they are pretty small -- I'd call them more above-average-sized-bath-towels, as beach towel, at least to me, means a big towel that you can lie flat on without your legs hanging off.The location of the hotel was ideal. If you go up Taft and turn right onto Calle Mcleary, which soon turns into Avenida Ashford, you'll quickly run into many English-friendly restaurants. We twice ate breakfast at LaPatisserie, a 5 minute walk from the restaurant on the corner of Mcleary and Diego, and recommend it highly. Further up on Ashford there is a pharmacy (right next to the hospital), a liquor store, and a bus stop for the B21 line, which runs into Old San Juan. However, if you're feeling a bit more adventurous, and fairly confident in your Spanish, you can go two blocks up to Calle Loaiza and head left (east). This area has many restaurants with much more of a local flavor (and some standard fastfood spots). Servers that speak English in this area are not a given. On Calle Loaiza you can also pick up the A5 bus to take you into Old San Juan. Anyway, the Acacia is a nice play to stay. The decor is attractive and the staff helpful. We'd stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Strian
<Content>A Little Gem! A group of us - 3 couples - stayed here for 3 days after a Caribbean cruise. We had a wonderful time.It is a small privately-owned hotel on the edge of Condado with only 15 rooms and practically right on Ocean Beach - it is literally 70 yards from the hotel, about a mile long, and a superb beach for relaxing, people watching and swimming - but there is some surf so not suitable for young children. The hotel provide free towels for the beach at reception. The hotel was immaculately clean and the front desk staff were absolutely excellent and so helpful. The rooms are not large but perfectly adequate. They have a hanging rail rather than a wardrobe but bags of drawer space. Many rooms have french doors opening onto lovely balconies. We really loved the huge outdoor jacuzzi - it is about 30 ft long and built out of tiles and natural stone - lovely to relax in after a day of sightseeing or on the beach. They have a newly opened restaurant called Niche which we thought was superb. It is fine dining, so not cheap, but we thought it good value for high quality food well cooked. There is plenty choice with some quite different and innovative East meets West dishes on the menu as well as more conventional offerings. The small bar and restaurnat are quite quirky - we loved it. Taxis are readily availbale by walking up the street or reception will call one for you - about 10 minutes and USD12 to Old San Juan.In summary this is a little gem of a place and excellent value for money for San Juan, where hotel prices are pretty sky-high.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Green11Cleveland
<Content>wonderful place The hotel was really, really nice and very clean, although the room was on the small size with no closet to hang our clothes. Everyone at the desk was extremely friendly and helpful. Their on-site restaurant is billed as one of the finest in San Juan, but we rarely saw anyone there and wanted to eat outside, so didn't stop in.We were never told about the terrace on the top floor where you could sun yourselves and shower until we were leaving - too bad because it offered a great view. They provide small beach towels that are not large enough to stretch out on...and there were only 2 chairs for rent ($5) from Wind Chimes across the street. Again - we weren't told until the last day that we could have rented beach chairs from a hotel nearby. Other than that...the place was perfect...great TV reception....great maid service...good location - a minute's walk from the ocean....and we were close to the main strip. (btw...there is no in-room coffee service so you need to walk a bit to find a place for breakfast - there are a couple of Starbucks nearby).It's VERY easy to rent a car (from Target Rental) and were glad we didn't take the advice of the desk clerk who said we could pay $57 apiece to get on a tour to the Rain Forest. He described the ride there as 'treacherous' . We paid only $25/day for a car and found the ride there fine and not dangerous as he described!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ontheroadagain65
<Content>Loved the Hot tub We stayed at the Acacia Seaside mid-January. We loved it. Loved the quite location. The beach was just steps away. We had a queen room with a balcony. It was nice to just open the doors and enjoy the fresh air. (Can't do that in Michigan in January.) Everyone at the front desk was helpful. Thanks Felix. The hot tub was a nice ending to each evening. Especially the day we did the canyoning adventure. We did not try the new restaurant, but it smelled great. Kudos to the bartenders at the boat bar. They know how to make drinks. We didn't rent a car, so no problem for parking for us. We walked a lot, took the bus or a tour. We thought about renting a car, but after one day in traffic we decided to let the tour guides to the driving. The only down side (for my husband, not me) having to wait for the Boat bar to open in the morning to get coffee. I don't drink coffee, so I don't care. You do have to walk to get food, unless you go to the Boat bar or the on site restaurant, but we love to walk so it wasn't a problem for us. If you go to Old San Juan, I highly recommend the Harbor Brew House. Great steak. We would stay here definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mikeydallas
<Content>Good overall, with some problems Many have given this boutique hotel 5 stars and it has much going for it. A few problems dropped it down for us, but if there were a 3.5 rating, that is probably closer to what we found. Very cute place overall, but the owners seem to have stopped work on it before it was really done. If it is all in the details, (especially at over $200 a night) then they have a way to go.  First the good, which many have mentioned. Good location, clean well appointed place. The staff was very freindly overall, but did not respond to problems with anything other than a blank stare. What were the problems?1. No place on premise to get coffee or sodas at anytime of the day or night. Yes, it is only a block to their sister place, but a pot of coffee for the guests would have made mornings much nicer. This would not cost them much, but the feeling was that anything that held down profit from their sister hotels bar and food shack was not going to happen. A walk to the nearest store for a cup of coffe or pastry was close to a mile.2. The giant plasma screen TV's on the wall in the rooms are not in HD, so you have a giant, lousy picture. Also, there are no guides to the channels in the rooms, and our TV had over 200 choices, (many of them blank) so finding anything to watch was a major chore. When I suggested to the desk that someone might want to type up a guide for the rooms, I was told that they had only been open about six months, and they did not have the time. Sorry, but this could be done by the overnight person at the desk in a few moments if they cared. 3. Balconies with no usable furniture. We paid extra for a room with a balcony, only to find that wihout a small table and chairs, it really was pointless. You can't sit on the ground. Again, a suggestion that they might want to consider putting these on the patios was met with a stare. 4. Suspected kickbacks to the staff from service places. Everytime we suggested we were going to eat somewhere the front dest jumped all over it to get us a Must have reservation only for us to find we were one of only a handfull of tables in the place. Also had them book us a car, and when we went to pick it up, the rate was $10 higher per day for us than the customers in line in front of us who just wandered in. No explaination was given.5. Parking for the hotel. A car is really a must if you want to see any of the island, but parking is terrible. When we rented the car, the front desk person said we would always be able to find a spot within a block or so. NOT. Sometimes we would have been better off walking the mile to the main drag rather than fight the parking situation.  So, this place could be a solid 5 stars with management that wanted to make the details a high priority. We did not dislike the place, but kept shaking our heads at how simple it would be to make it really special. Hope they do so.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>gallread
<Content>Would Stay Again in a Heartbeat We did a lot of research before booking. We thought we were staying at the Wind Chimes Inn (sister hotel a block away), but got moved to the Acacia when we checked in. We were glad we did, since it's been recently updated and was beautiful. The Acacia is only a block from the beach and is an easy walk to Ocean Park and the Condado strip. We walked to all these places easily. Guests can use the pool at Wind Chimes or hot tub at Acacia. Both were very pleasant. The Boat Bar is really nice; we had some great drinks and food, and the staff was personable. The front desk managers were extremely helpful and friendly. They gave us tips on restaurants, rental car agencies, etc., and even made reservations for us. We booked their best room. It was large, had a great leather futon in the sitting area, and came with a very large flat-screen TV.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>koptravel
<Content>A Little Gem! After researching hotels in the San Juan area on-line, we took a chance on Acacia since it was newly renovated, the price was reasonable and it was near the beach. We were more than pleasantly surprised with the welcoming and extremely helpful staff, comfortable room, and giant jacuzzi! With our two children ages 4 and 7, we spent three nights as a part of a 6 day vacation and enjoyed every minute of our stay. The jacuzzi was the perfect temperature and our kids could swim around while we relaxed. We could walk to the beach (less than two minutes from the room) and a short walk to a park for the kids to play and 10 minute walk to restaurants. We ate a few meals at the bar/restaurant down the block at Wind Chimes (you are given access since they are sister hotels) and we loved the kitchy semi-outdoor atmosphere and the food and drinks were great. Beware that what is on the menu is not always available and the wait can be a few extra minutes but it's worth it. If you order your Mojito Puerto Rican style, you only need to order one! Condado Beach is not the prettiest beach or the nicest beach for young children as the waves are large and there were many groups of young people on spring break, but we were able to find some quiet areas to catch some sun and make sand castles. Definitely take a trip for an afternoon at Luquillo Beach, the water is warm and clear, waves small, great for swimming, and there is a market of local cuisine, most of the people do not speak english but it is a great chance to experience the real culture. When we get back to Puerto Rico someday we will definitely stay at the Acacia again! The hotel is very quaint, quiet and would be great for a couples getaway and families who want something other than the typical chain hotel.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Seala
<Content>Highly recommend it.       front of hotel  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ojdidit
<Content>great place! This was a great location. Right on the beach. The rooms are a bit small but comfortable. Service at front desk is exceptional. The restaurant is very small and pricy but set aside a night for a meal. Exceptional. Acacia is located on the edge of a middle class to lower middle class neighborhood once you leave the high rises that comprise the first few blocks to the beach. Some shops that are interesting, a few local places to eat, easy bus route to Old San Juan (A-5) half hour ride, even a Temple nearby. We oaid $125 in early December for a room with a pool and partial ocean view. Hint. You can rent a car at Target Car Rental about half a mile away. They'll pick you up. Front desk will handle it. We rented a car for the weekend to travel to Ponce, the rain forest and the observatory. Murder traffic during the week. This hotel is located in an area of little parking but on street is available a few blocks up Taft St on which the hotel is located. When you cross Loiza just park your car on that section of Taft and save $10 a night.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Nyeoman
<Content>Excellent Villa My wife and I stayed here on our honeymoon. We were in a double bed room with no balcony, but it did have a window.All the staff were very nice and the room  facilities were all very clean.My favorite part of the villa was the huge hot tub they had on the second floor.The room was small (not unusual for the San Juan area) and there was no desk (bad for business traveler). However I was not on business I was having a vacation and found the room great. There also isn't an elevator, but I don't know why you would be traveling with luggage you can't carry.The beach is one building away from the hotel and one block away from the wind chimes.I was only once bugged about a tour( which I expected).We were on the third floor and showered in the morning at the same time as everyone else and had no heat problems. The shower head was even adjustable so you could change the pressure to whatever you wanted.We walked to the Marriott casino for an evening of fun, it was about a 10 minute walk. Also we ate at the best restaurant next to the Radisson called Zabo the food was just top notch!I speak very little Spanish and found the two cafes near the hotel a hassle to eat at for this reason, therefore I really liked the boat bar.If you have any questions feel free to contact me. I would stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	2	4	4	5	1	

<Author>Jworosz
<Content>Jelson's makes some great Sangria's! Stayed there with my wife the last weekend in November. We absolutely loved the place. It was a great, small inn with excellent touches. Very clean and great staff. We had a great time at the Boat Bar. Eddie, Jelson and Jay were incredible cooks and served outstanding drinks. Jelson makes a killer Sangria! They concierge set us up with a rental car one day for 27 bucks! We were able to visit the rain forest as well as some other more private beaches for a fraction of the cost of one of the tours.The location is a bit out of the way, so be sure to bring some walking shoes. We really didn't mind, and found this great little breakfast place called Pinky's around the corner.All in all, I would suggest this place to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	2	

<Author>BenjieAtlanta_GA
<Content>Loved the Acacia and loved the area of town After spending most of the day lost (after all, we were in Puerto Rico) my husband and I arrived at the Acacia Guest House and found Fillipe at the front desk. Just a note here about finding your way around the island - you can't. Don't rely on maps, don't rely on directions from locals, don't count on street names. You can, however, rely on Fillipe. He can not only give you accurate street directions, he can get you to the best meal you've ever had or help you find computer communication centers at all hours of the day and night. Fillipe was an instant friend. We would not venture back on the island without consulting him first. The Acacia was much closer to the beach than we expected, from our balcony, room six, I had a view of the ocean - it is a short half block walk to the beach - beautiful.Parking is a slight problem, you are in a neighborhood, a lovely neightborhood. This is nothing like the hotel strip in Isla Verde. You find yourself close to many restaurants and Starbucks is just around the corner. Window shopping was relaxing and a must, it made for a long enjoyable stroll. This area seems safe and I was very comfortable walking here - as were other tourists/locals after dark. Our room was very comfortable and pretty, I loved the bathroom tile - shower only. This place feels like an historic building and it might be although it also feels fresh and new at the same time. The new outdoor hot tub is gorgeous. This is just plain and simply 'a nice place to be'.If ever again I am traveling on the main island of Puerto Rico - this will be my first stop.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rorr11
<Content>Little sister is a knockout! We booked a room for the Wind Chimes down the street but they were full so they moved us over the Acacia. We were pleasantly surprised! Convenient Condado location in quiet neighborhood, only steps from the beach. Very helpful staff. Felix is top notch. Great hot tub _can just see the waves crashing on the beach from it. Our room was newly updated with bear skin rug on the wall and a plasma tv. Spent 5 days here and would come back to again. Nice amenities for the price.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Moplayz
<Content>Not for business traveler This place is fine if all you want to do is go to the beach (which is only a few steps away) and go to bed. First of all, there is a 3 night minimum, I only stayed 2 nights but had to pay for 3. There is only one restaurant in their sister hotel down the street Wind Chime Inn, and the food is mediocre at best. If you want something to drink after 11:00 pm, you will have to walk about 4 blocks down the street to the gas station because there is no soda machine or water fountain in either hotels, and the restaurant at the Wind Chimes closes at 11:00 pm. The staff is incompetent, all they are good at is calling a taxi for you. They can't even split a bill, which as a business traveler is essential. I've stayed at many hotels around the world and this is the first one that could not remove something from one bill and put it on a separate bill. It's a very nice hotel, but not for a business traveler, or anyone that likes convenience.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>josdinan
<Content>Great Deal, Location  From the moment we walked in we were greeted with great service. The manager provided a map of the area  showed us local places to eat  go out at night. Their jacuzzi is the largest I've ever seen and the picturesque beach is a stones throw away. Their new gourmet restaurant Niche was unforgettably great  the tiki bar at the Wind Chime provided decent bar food  cheap drinks. Everyone we spoke with loved their stay  we would return in a minute.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Cinnam0n
<Content>Good location, some issues. Our stay started out on the wrong foot. When I called the number on the Acacia website, and got about 3/4 through my reservation they told me I called Wind Chimes! So, I had to call the REAL Acacia number and started my reservation again--only to be told that they wouldn't take my 2 night reservation as they felt stays less than 3 nights was disruptive. Feeling slightly put off but not completely dismayed, I called Wind Chimes and told the lady what happend (she noted that the man at Acacia was probably just being lazy) and completed my reservation.Fast forward to check in day--the hotel has a wooden door on the street, then you go up some steps to get to the REAL door. After lugging our bags up and in...and waiting about 15 mins for the receptionist to get off the phone. We are told that we were upgraded to the Acacia--even though she framed it as an upgrade I was a little upset at having to haul my luggage down the stairs and down the street to a new hotel--that I wanted to stay at in the first place! We sucked it up and headed to Acacia. When we get there, the night desk man (who I suspect is the same man who wouldn't take my reservation in the first place), tells us just how lucky we were to get upgraded and how fortunate we were. He was very condescending treating us like poor bumpkins who lucked out at getting an upgrade when we wanted to stay their in the first place. He also proceeded to chide us on our choice visit Rincon-he did his very best to talk us out of going..which was pretty annoying since we weren't asking for opinions about it.We got a balcony room on the second floor--caution they don't have an elevator, which is understandable, but they don't have a bellman, so good luck getting your luggage upstairs! Our balcony faced a parking lot and the roof, no view whatsoever! So there was no point in the balcony at all.Lastly, the front doors are glass, covered by a curtain that through certain angles people can see you through.We had to rig something up so people couldn't see us lying in bed!On the good side, the hotel is clean and nice looking, excellent location, and the hot tub is fantastic!!!! The crew at the bar at Wind Chimes are excellent!. Would I stay again? Probably not.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	1	2	3	

<Author>jenvalet
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel, Sometimes Friendly Staff       Hot tub!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>RndyMuscl
<Content>Not what its cracked up to be! We were originaly scheduled to stay at At Winds Chime Hotel, however, upon checking in, the A/C was not working, so we were moved to the Acacia. The staff is nice and the hotel clean, but a few things bothered us. The night clerk can be a bit pushy trying to sell you a tour. There always happened to be exactly 2 cancellations for a tour that was on the next day, and he needed an answer really quick......without giving much info about the tour. One tour we did book with him (the Luminessence Bay Tour) we had $100 stolen out of a supposedly secure van. Upon returning, we mentioned it to the clerk, he denied anyone would do it and refused to investigate the incident - so beware the tour companies the hotel uses! There were water pressure problems almost on a daily basis (no pressure or hot water). The restaurant, which was to be opened in July, was yet to be open, we had to go elsewhere to even get a cup of coffee. The Hotel location is in Condado.......the far edge of Condado, a 5-6 block walk to anything, including restaurants, and almost a mile to the central part of the Condado area. As far as the rooms go, if you are anywhere near the hot tub, bring earplugs, and it wasnt because of the guests - it appeared to be the staff hanging out in it and they were loud! The day before we were to leave, I asked if there was a computer with a printer so I could check in for my flight - I was directed to a internet cafe - 8 blocks away! If you are looking for a full service hotel - this is not the place by far. Next time, We're staying at the Marriott - its worth the extra cost!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	1	3	1	

<Author>NovaWagon65
<Content>Nice place. Very close to the beach. We orig. booked at the At Wind Chimes (there sister hotel) but after arriving, were told we were upgraded to the Acacia down the street. We were told we had full access to all the services in both hotels. The At Wind Chimes has a small, but cute pool and a bar that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner and is open until 11pm. My girlfriend and I had breakfast there (which was great and inexpensive) and we had dinner (which we didn't love.) and drinks (the Sangria is good, good mixed drinks and a few usual and local beers.) We tried going back for breakfast, but there are less than 20 stools at the bar and it gets packed. The menu isn't huge. The staff was Great. Very nice people.  At the Acacia, we were greeted by Felix. He was very helpful and nice. He broke it down for us. He gave us a couple of maps and circled good restaurants, beaches and other helpful info. The Acacia is beautiful...and it's only steps from the beach. the lobby is very nice. They have a big stone jacuzzi and they're working on a bar as well. The room is nice, but small. We had a balcony with a view of the jacuzzi and the beach. No phones...but I wasn't expecting any calls so it was cool.  The Acacia is really close to one of the nicest beaches. It also has an outdoor shower to rinse off after you visit the beach. They also provide you with beach towels (free) and even beach chairs and umbrellas. It's close to a few restaurants and shops. (ask Felix for his recomendations) and close to bus stops which take you to all of the local tourist areas. It's only 75 cents, but they don't take bills, so have change.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>IslandRoots
<Content>Amazing Getaway       Front of Acacia  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ricanstruction
<Content>Hidden Treasure       One of the secluded seating areas in the lobby  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>meltozzi
<Content>Loved Acacia I actually had reservations to stay at WindChimes Inn,but they made a mistake in the rooms, so I was given an upgrade, which paid off. This place is brand new and they are working on a restaurant which will be opening shortly. The lobby was beautiful and the rooms were amazingly clean. Felix is the number one front desk man, he was amazing and actually put thought and effort into caring and giving us advice on where to go.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BARRYS
<Content>Nice small friendly hotel...working out the "kinks' As most recent reviews mention ,this is a nice small hotel ,great location and certainly a friendly staff, especially Felix (3PM-11pm) shift who gave us some great tips on nearby restaurants.(check out the Greek restaurant I think called Fleria and the Kasalta Bakery) .And there lies a problem...all the food places are at least 2- 5 blocks away...except the Wind Chimes(sister hotel) that is one block away and that is really just a bar with some ok breakfast .. .We had to catch an early flight home BUT there is no one one on duty 11pm -7am so we had no wake up call available and had to take our luggage and check out at the Wind Chime at 5:45 am . There was no info about check out and i learned by accident about what i should do to leave before 7am..Not a big deal but that plus thie littles like no restaurant or even morning coffee...construction of the new restaurant was ongoing and should be done in a week or 2..We walked down about 5 blocks on the beach and had dinner at Pamelas at the Number One hotel and I think for about the same price i would prefer the NO. 1 ...ON THE BEACH...some rooms with nice views ...maybe next time.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ted_and_Laura
<Content>Don't let the old reviews scare you away!       Acacia Inn exterior  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crschin333
<Content>Great Choice!!!! Will not be dissapointed!!!!   showReview(7472362, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nickyazul
<Content>BEAUTIFUL SURPRISE       my room, request this room its the best  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VirginiaWalker
<Content>Loved the Acacia   showReview(7203534, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alexhot34
<Content>Beautiful Little Place               
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Wudl
<Content>Just Right   showReview(7009276, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wildeyeguy
<Content>next to the beach   showReview(6751681, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Adyan
<Content>Two Thumbs Up for Acacia Seaside Inn!!!   showReview(6367039, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

