<Author>SheWhoTravels
<Content>Great rooms, great location I loved this place! It's in a historic building renovated to be a hotel so the rooms are huge and meticulously appointed. The renovation is fairly recent so it is fresh. The bathroom had a big counter and very bright lights. The bed was very comfortable and nicely decked out in comfy pillows. I was in a corner room that had five windows! It's just a two block walk to Canal Street and the French Quarter so we could walk to many great dinner spots from the hotel. I'm always going to stay here when in NOLA. It was really, really nice. And that's saying something because I've stayed in a zillion hotels.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PatBeaumont
<Content>Disappointed in this Hampton We needed a hotel room at the last minute, so being a Hilton Honors member, I called the 800 line to find this hotel and book a reservation. No double rooms were available, just a king room/study with a couch/fold-out bed, which was acceptable. When my son went to go to bed, the sheets on the couch were dirty, and there was trash in the bed. It was after midnight, so he ended up sleeping on the couch. The next morning, I informed the front desk, who laughed and told me they would tell housekeeping because that was unacceptable. The room was changed, but the couch was still not cleaned and my son didn't want to sleep on it. Upon packing our items to leave, I discovered a bag of our dirty laundry was missing. I contacted the front desk to see if Housekeeping had picked it up by mistake, thinking it was laundry, and they said they would leave a note for them the following morning. The morning manager had not been appraised of the situation and Housekeeping was unaware of our items, so they are now lost. I called 1-800-Hampton to inform them of our unsatisfactory stay, and was told to wait 72 hours for someone to contact me. I reminded them of the 100% satisfaction guarantee and was again told to wait, and give them 3 days to contact me. I told them there was nothing that could change my opinion of the stay, but was again told to wait 72 hours to let them resolve the matter. I'm not quite sure how this will be resolved, but I am disappointed that Hampton is not honoring their 100% satisfaction guarantee.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>NorthwestTraveler111
<Content>Great Value My wife and I stayed for five nights. Our room was very large andquiet. We never heard another guest.. The location is just a couple blocks from the FQ and right on the streetcar line to theGarden District. The breakfast bar has a nice variety of items andis located in a very comfortable setting. All in all, I would not hesitate to stay at this Hampton Inn again. It is a great value.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Geoggirl
<Content>Nice quiet hotel near the French Quarter A friend and I recently stayed here during the Voodoo Experience in City Park. Hotel was clean and quiet. Front desk was very helpful with any request we had. Room had two queen beds and was very spacious. Beds were very comfortable and we both loved the very cozy comforters. Hotel is in a quiet area and is just a short walk to the craziness of Bourbon Street.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>luvourvacations
<Content>Nice stay Clean rooms, nice location, good front desk staff. Hispanic Hostess in breakfast area worked very hard to keep breakfast well stocked. Nice stay!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Rose-Grows
<Content>Very good We recently stayed at the Hampton Inn New Orleans near the French quarter. We were only there for two nights. The hotel was clean, the rates good, the rooms quite large, and the hotel employees were friendly. If I ever have to return to New Orleans, I would recommend the Hampton  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ladoug
<Content>Great Place To Stay! Great hotel, especially for families. The rooms we got had 2 queen size beds in each one. (Not just doubles!). Rooms were large and spacious. Same for bathroom. Beds were comfortable. The hotel has small lobby...but why pay for that! Great location, excellent staff and easy valet parking. Can walk, take trolley or drive to French Quarter. Will stay again on next trip!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Newburgh_IndianaRudy
<Content>Had a wonderful time! This is a great Hampton Inn. If you are doing a lot of touring this is a great place to stay. Very close to Bourbon. Just cross Canal street and you are there. Would highly recommend Tours by Isabelle! VIP tours and the Haunted History tours of the St Louis cemetery 1. The Gumbo Shop--was a nice surprise (restaurant). We were pleased with our hotel room very clean! We would stay again!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ddurcs74
<Content>Great Stay, Great Location Very helpful front desk staff. Extra towels brought right to the room upon request. Clean rooms , pretty decent size for New Orleans rooms. Fantastic location, bourbon is right across canal street so you are close to the fun , but dont have to hear it all night. Located on the St. Charles Streetcar line. Great place to stay, look forward to going back.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hortkie
<Content>Another Fun Jazzfest Good Location.Nice rooms - I had the King Suite. Stayed here for 5 nights. Easy walk to the quarter. Friendly staff.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BrandonBethy
<Content>Great place to stay! Had a king deluxe room, was sufficient in size and cleanliness. Had a mini fridge and microwave in room, plenty of stations on cable. Hotel has good security. The free breakfast was adequate and a plus for saving $. We liked the location on Carondolet as it is two blocks off Canal and bourbon streets so it is quiet. The only thing we did not find easily was food in the evening within the blocks surrounding the hotel. We will stay there again.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coachgrrl
<Content>Great hotel, awesome location for the money We stayed at this hotel after a cruise. We have 3 kids ages 10, 11 and 14. Our room was large and was able to fit an extra cot without diffeculty. The bed were very comfortable and the room was clean. The am staff, was very helpful, one of the lady desk clerks mapped us out a great walking route thru the french quater down to cafe du monde to walk with our kids. Breakfast was good with several choices. Excellent location 2 blocks to the french quarter, but none of the noise. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>dweebe
<Content>Average urban Hampton Inn The Hampton Inn Downtown New Orleans is an average urban Hampton Inn location. I don't mind staying there and could recommend it as a second level choice when other hotels are unavailable or two expensive.The rooms are nice but a bit on the small side. However they are of decent quality and the staff works hard even in the face of Mardi Gras madness.The location is good since the hotel is two blocks west of Canal Street and the French Quarter. So attractions are a quick walk, but you're not right in the heart of the madness.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CrazyDog5301976
<Content>LOVED the Sugar Bowl The reservations team was very gracious in helping me book for the Georgia Sugar Bowl game. Parking/Valet was very courteous.When we were checking in, our room was not available ? but the guy at the desk were really nice at helping check our baggage and giving directions/restaurant suggestions. Maids did not service our room well, did not understand what I was saying and their manager seemed to be very upset with us still being in the room the next night (even though we had requested a late check-out timing) The night auditor was also very helpful when we ran into a problem the first night there with maid service.The girl who checked us out was very nice in calling us our cars.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Boeing767
<Content>Believe What You Read Okay, here's the scoop: Yes, the rooms are small, yes, the rooms (many of them) not only have no view, but actually overlook a brick wall(this is NOT charming, as it would be in say, New York, or perhaps London - it is dark and annoying). However, to balance that out, the staff is very interested in doing what they can for you, and even more interesting (and appealing) is that they don't get defensive or bristle when doing so.As another reviewer said, if you can score a corner room, you will have more space - as the standard rooms are diminutive by any definition. Again, on the bright side, while not actually IN the French Quarter, the hotel is one block west of Canal, and Carondelet St. (the street the hotel is on) turns into Bourbon St after crossing Canal ... so can't get much closer. There is a Walgreen's two blocks away, and The Riverwalk Mall is only about six blocks ...near Harrah's casino. Cloud: Valet parking costs nearly $27 a night. Silver lining: The valet is friendly, helpful and seems to be expedient. The only other thing that might affect our decision to return (and this is not the fault of the hotel) is that the sidewalks are closed on alternating sides so that you MUST cross the street in the middle of the block to walk down to the French Quarter. In other words, as you turn right out of the hotel, the sidewalk is closed on the right hand side, so you walk on the left hand side, then a block down, it is closed on the left, so you must again cross mid-block to walk on the right. We had a toddler in a stroller with us, and that made getting to and from a bit of a challenge (there are street car tracks down the middle of the street - making a stroller a bit cumbersome).  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	2	4	5	5	4	

<Author>brooky224
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel This Hotel was comprabale to other Hampton Inns I have stayed in. The room was not huge, but was plenty big enough for 2. Nice bathroom, although not yet with the special shower heads that most other Hampton Inns have. Comfy bed as usual. The view was not good at all... a brick wall 3 feet from our window! But this did not really bother me, as we were not in the room that much. The staff are very accommadating, and I am sure that if you call ahead and request a view, it would not be a problem.I got a good rate on the Hampton Inn website, but then found a lower one hidden away on another part of the site. When I called and asked if they could change my rate, it was done with no problem.The location of this hotel is ideal. It is about 2 blocks from Bourbon Street and the French Quarter, and an easy walk to Jackson Square, the river front, the french market, and anything else you might want to see in that area. That means you have very easy access to the French Quarter without the nosie of late night revelry. Overall, I had a good experience with this hotel. New Orleans is a great city and they need our help to rebuild. There was even a letter in the hotel room thanking us for rebuilding New Orleans one hotel room at a time. I was happy to do my small part and would do it again. I have heard nightmares about security in the city, but I was out until around midnight a couple of evenings and there was a heavy police presence wherever I went. Just use common sense and you should be fine.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Patrick121
<Content>Better than you would expect This Hampton is better than your average Hampton, with a decent free breakfast and happy hour on the 4th floor. The corner rooms are great, with tall windows and spacious living areas. The regular rooms can be a little small and all of them are a little raggedy in spots, but New Orleans has always been a little raggedy. Where this hotel truly shines is proximity to the French Quarter. The hotel is situated one block of Canal street at the top of what becomes Bourbon Street (Carondalet Street). Even if Bourbon Street is not your final destination, the hotel sits on the streetcar tracks leading uptown and is a block from the new line that runs up Canal to City Park. By no means is this the fanciest hotel, nor is it a hidden gem but the rates are typically good and it is above average for a Hampton.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>travelgal95
<Content>Worst Hampton Inn customer service experience ever! First let me say that I really enjoy staying at the Hampton Inn because the rooms are usually spacious, the service is great and the free breakfast is a plus. However, upon my arrival, I received horrible customer service as if I were inconveniencing the front desk employee. Initially, it was unclear where the elevators were so I ended up heading to the elevators in the office building and told by someone that I was going the wrong way. You have to use your room key to access all floors, except the lobby, which can be a little annoying. The lobby area and the elevators are a little seedy. Definitely not up to the standards of other Hampton Inn hotelsThe room is also very small compared to other Hampton Inn hotels. I stayed in a room with a king sized bed and the bathroom is one of the smallest I have seen. It contained a stand up shower (and no bathtub) There was no spacious closet like I'm used to. The TV, closet space, and bureau were all part of one big armoire in the room. I called to schedule a wake up call at 6:30am, which I never received. Then I asked the front desk to call a cab for me. I allowed myself plenty of time. However, even when I got downstairs, I still had to wait for an additional 20 minutes, almost arriving late to my morning meeting. For the first time ever, I decided to use the 100% Customer Satsifaction guarantee. I called several times and left my complaint with an employee who said she would pass it onto the asst. manager. However I never received a return phone call so I called the hotel and reached her and she said they would credit my account. She also hoped that I would come and stay at that hotel again. She is a new asst. manager and says that she is looking forward to improving the customer service at that location, which is definitely something to keep in mind.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>beam-n-reese
<Content>Hampton Inn on Bourbon Street!! We stayed at the Hampton Inn on Carondolet for our summer couple vacation. It is in a great location 2 blocks from the French Quarter. As a matter of fact, when you cross Canal St. it turns into Bourbon Street, right at the heart of the FQ. We slept great because we were far enough from the partying. We loved the bed! The room was beautiful and historical. Our service was good and we had an authentic New Orleans feel all for $79 a night! Great security you have to use your room key to get up in the elevator. You have a coffee maker, microwave and fridge in your room.Some issues: Don't be fooled by reviews that say you will get more than a continental breakfast. That is what it is, we now call it Snackfast. There were 2 hot items a day, but they weren't great. French toast sticks, fried eggs, filler sausage patties and sausage links, it varied from day to day. You will most likely have to follow up with breakfast or brunch somewhere else. Also be aware that the price of your room and then some will be held immediately on your card, the day you check in. So take that out of your trip budget. The TV was kinda fuzzy but we weren't in the room much.Overall it was a great stay at a bargain. I would stay again, however being a breakfast lover, I'm inclined to look for a stay with a FULL breakfast.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	2	3	4	

<Author>dtrav
<Content>A Good Choice Very nice stay. The hotel lobby was nothing to get excited about, but our room was great (huge, great light, clean, frig, etc.).The included Continental breeakfast was also very nice (good selection, nice dining area).I booked this hotel because I was looking for a a place to stay one night before catching a plane. I was not disappointed. The ammenities were very nice, the hotel was only a few walking blocks from all the Frecnh Quarter action, adn I felt very safe (My stay was on a Sunday so the area around the hotel was pretty quiet).Overall I recommend this hotel for someone looking to be near the action (but not in it) and get a value for their money.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>uscandy
<Content>Can't wait to return! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hampton Inn for four nights in late March/early April and I have to say I was more than a bit hesitatnt before we arrived. I am happy to report that ALL of my fears were unfounded. This was my first trip to New Orleans and I fell in love with the city.LOCATION: The French Quarter is only two short blocks away. Yes, many of the buildings are boarded up, but even when walking home late at night, we felt safe. Once you cross Canal, you only have one short block that is quiet and then you are within view of the Hampton and the neighboring Holiday Inn. This isn't to say that you shouldn't be aware, but don't worry about taking a cab the two short blocks. The hotel doesn't have many shops and those that do close early, but there is a Walgreens on the corner of Carondelet (sp?) and Canal for drinks, toiletries, snacks, etc.HOTEL: We had a room on the 5th floor ... which was a combination of smoking and non-smoking rooms. While this seemed odd to us, other than a bit of smell in the hallway, our non-smoking room was fine. The room size is average, large compared to New York for example. The closet was decent sized and we loved the fridge and microwave. The linens were great. NOTE: My one complaint was the housekeeping staff. Several times we came back to the room around 3pm and the room was still not cleaned. Our coffee pot was only cleaned once and our linens never changed, even when requested.BREAKFAST: The breakfast was great! Someone else commented there were no hot items. We had at least one hot item every morning and a nice assortment of breads, cereals, yogurt, etc. This coupled with the free wireless access in our room was a great perk! The dining room itself was pleasant as well.OTHER: We took a cab to the airport on our way back ... be sure to allow yourself at least 5 minutes to catch a cab. They seem to be infrequent. I am also going to write review for some restaurants (Muriels, Tujagues, Cafe Benet, Johnny's PoBoy), and a few touristy activities (Cajun Style Swamp Tours).Overall ... while there is still a lot of rebuilding left to do, I can truly say I left my heart in New Orleans. Everyone I encountered there was friendly and still so proud of their city. As our carriage driver told us, the only way for New Orleans to recover, is for people like yourselves to keep coming.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>crackofdawn
<Content>Well Worth It We stayed on St. Patricks' eve and enjoyed the hotel. It was well worth the $108 we paid and had a huge room and bath on the corner of the hotel, 10th, floor as well. We did the morning continental b'fast and found several hot items, so no real complaints about that either.The location which is 1 block west of Canal street is fine as Bourbon street picks up from Carrondelet once you get across Canal. We had an excellent dinner at the Palace Cafe, a Brennan restaurant, that was about 3 blocks south on Canal.We'd definitely return for a night or two at this Hampton Inn.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Patqulyn
<Content>Not worth the price I recently returned from a seven-night stay at this hotel and was very disappointed. Uppon arrival, everything seemed so wonderful, the two-bedroom and bathroom was huge (high ceilings, would fit a family of 6 comfortable with cots). Since there was only two of us we switched to a king bed. The room and bathroom was very small (WARNING: rooms significantly differ in size). As the stay progressed, service got worse. Housekeeping missed cleaning the room twice, and when the came back, they just folded the sheets and took the dirty towels... not even replacing them. If we needed everything, we had to wait an hour for it (that is if they ever brought it up). Another dissapointing aspect was the free breakfast. Don't expect to see eggs, bacon, ham, sausage, etc., everything is cold, only cereal, juice, coffee, and stale begals. The only really good things that came from the stay was its location, free dry-cleaning, and discounted rate (I had before we checked-in).To sum it up: bad service, rude and lazy housekeeping, room size differences, and lack of features (no in-room movies either). If you choose to stay, do so only if you have a really discounted rate (i.e. $100).  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>2	5	3	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>RedHeadGo
<Content>An Okay Stay I recently returned from a two night stay at this property. Although the website states it is one block from the French Quarter, is a bit closer to three. The area where the hotel resides contains other hotels and office buildings, unfortunately there are no real restaurants or shops for one-two blocks from the property. There are some retail/clothing stores in the lobby (if you walk past it), however they were always closed by the time I got back to the hotel in the evening. You will find that a lot of the shops and restaurants in New Orleans and surrounding areas have limited hours, especially when you go outside the French Quarter. Even the Shops at Canal closes at 6pm, although the movie theatre and a few eateries were open past then. There is such a shortage of employees due to not having anywhere to live in so many areas of the city. I was able to tour the area with a local employee from my office and it is heartbreaking. If you stay in the FQ, you really won't see much of this, however if you head over to the 9th Ward, Lakefront, East New Orleans, etc., etc. you have to wonder how the city will recover. Is very upsetting.The area was just so-so. It is close enough to the French Quarter, however was close to Canal and Bourbon and really wasn't close enough to what I wanted to see (Jackson Square, Cafe de Monde). If I were to stay again, I would choose either a much newer hotel, or stay more in the nicer part of the French Quarter. As nightfall came, I really didn't feel safe walking back from the French Quarter alone, as a female. The streets are pretty much empty and dark. Luckily I found a couple walking their dog that I talked to on the way and was fine. I did see some National Guard, but not really where I was. I did see a lot of NOPD.My room was in the corner, a King Study and the first thing that hit me was the smell. It was a musty smell, could have been because the furniture was older, could be the zillions drapes on the windows, could have been the window panes, it was just not a fresh smelling room and really just smelled old. The bathroom was decently clean, however the grout really needed a touch-up. Water pressure was so-so. Was decently clean.There is a cabinet in the room that features a 25-27 TV (reception was just okay), a microwave, fridge, safe, two small closets with an iron and ironing board. The drawers are actually located on the nightstand (which took me a night to figure out). The carpet was so-so, again, could have been cleaned or replaced. The sofa was pretty warn, had a stain or two. The computer desk was fine, adequate lighting and the chair was very comfortable. Free internet worked well.The air conditioner, as described, is a bit of a pain. When I came into the room it was set on 60 (old school dial) and medium. It was freezing. When I went to bed I put it at 70. It felt more like the upper 70's and was warm when I was sleeping. So, second night left it on 60 and was better, but a bit too cold. I would aim for 65!Bedding was not the new Hampton bedding yet, so your generic icky comforter and blanket. They do give you plenty of pillows and the bed was very firm.Staff was always very pleasant, including housekeeping and maintenance. Wake up calls were always on time. Valet Parking was easy, but very expensive, with tax: $29. There are lots/garages very close to the hotel. If you are traveling on your own dime and don't mind walking a block or so, I would see what else is available. I didn't eat the breakfast, is located on the 4th floor, however they do have my favorite breakfast bags at the front desk. Those are a life-saver when heading out to visit the office. There is an exercise room on 14 that had a lot of equipment and a weight machine. Vending machines with snacks on 4 and 14, other floors have ice/soda.Overall, the rate was excellent at $80.10 and if they could spruce up the rooms a bit and somehow get the musty smell out, would have been a nicer stay. Once they get the Hampton Bedding, that may help a bit too. If you aren't super-picky, this is a fine stay, if you have allergies, I would think twice.And PS.... while you are there, make sure to tip often and generously. The people in the city need our help.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	3	3	5	5	5	

<Author>Parkie1
<Content>OK Downtown Choice My wife and I stayed at the Hampton Inn on Carondolet Street in the downtown area of New Orleans for a couple of nights this July.The hotel is a nice conversion of an old office building (it was designed by the famous architect and city planner Daniel Burnham and was once the tallest building in the city). Our room was a large L-shaped suite with plenty of space, attractive furniture, and a comfortable bed. There was, unfortunately, a bathtub faucet that was continuously running and couldn't be shut off (it had been running for a long time...there was a water stain around the tub drain). We couldn't hear it from the bedroom, so it was more of an annoyance that I chalked up to post-Katrina problems. There was also a 3 am fire alarm that went off the second night there...apparently some smoke from a burnt-out motor had gotten into a vent on an upper floor. The fire department couldn't find the exact source of the smoke, but checked it out and determined that there was no danger. But standing in the street with about 3 dozen people was not much fun. At least the alarm went off (and I found it hard to believe only 3 dozen people were in the hotel on a Saturday night...when the fire alarm goes off...get OUT!). The breakfast room is very nice and the staff quite polite. We did try to get a shuttle to the airport, but the hotel had no luck reaching them by phone and even I tried and had no luck; probably another of the many hurricane-related issues in the city. I used a taxi, much more expensive, unfortunately.To reach the French Quarter, you have to cross Canal Street, a charmless, busy commercial thoroughfare with lots of stores, high-rise hotels, and a streetcar running down the center. The hotel is in the business district near some other hotels, but it is dead at night with very little activity since all the office workers are gone. Although we did see a rat (or a large mouse) scuttle into an opening in some broken pavement, so I guess we weren't entirely alone. But if you want night-time activity, Bourbon Street is on the other side of Canal Street, complete with bead-draped revelers and strip shows. Go a half-dozen short blocks into the Quarter, however, and it gets much quieter and more attractive. The Quarter is unique and the architecture fascinating. The restaurants and stores seemed open and busy, but not jammed. The square in front of the cathedral is beautiful (and closed when we were there). Cafe du Monde did indeed have delicious beignets and cafe au lait and we ate a nice meal at Red Fish Grill and another quick meal at Acme Oyster Bar. We also stopped at the Hilton Riverside for a Sunday brunch, quite good and with a jazz group, but a bit sterile.We took a quick drive-through of the Garden District which has some beautiful old homes, both huge and modest. Stop at an old cemetary...since the tombs are all raised they do look like little crumbling cities and are spooky at that. The Warehouse District is being restored with restaurants, art galleries, and hotels.Unfortunately, there is a lot of the city that is in very bad shape. We drove through middle-class and low-income neighborhoods that were devastated. Many homes are abandoned or for sale. A few intrepid souls have trailers parked in front of their houses and have repaired or are in the process of repairing their homes. Windows are gone, studs exposed, and spray-paint marks visible everywhere. My heart goes out to the residents of these neighborhoods.But back to the Hampton Inn. I think if I return to the city I will stay in an older, historic inn somewhere in the French Quarter away from the rabble of Bourbon Street. The Hampton Inn was clean and quiet but not very memorable.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>alabamabella
<Content>Even post-Katrina, an excellent choice Staff was extremely easy to work with (changed our room selection at our request upon arrival). Hotel rooms are amply sized -- lots of space, nice sized bathroom with extra counter space. Refrigerator in the room was great to store leftvers from all the great meals we ate. Continental breakfast has both hot and cold items, a nice buffet each morning. Very safe with key access needed just to use the elevator. Valets are relatively fast and very courteous. Housekeeping was accomodating, cleaning our room each day upon our requested time (we had to work around our children's nap schedules.) Convenient location. You'd never know this hotel had significant flooding after the hurricane, and it really compares with some of the nicer hotels i have ever stayed in. The downsides: no restaurant, therefore no room service available. There are a few eateries on the 2nd floor food court, but they have very limited hours (mostly lunch and no weekends). Bring everything you need; there is no convenience store or hotel gift shop to buy forgotten items. (Though there is a convenience store a couple of blocks away.) Well worth the value and will exceed your expectations for a Hampton Inn.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jaonyc
<Content>Hampton Inn delivers ! Inspite of the conditions in New Orleans, the Hampton Inn did everything possible to make my stay pleasant. Many services are available on a limited basis, at this hotel in the heart of downtown with incredibly easy access to French Quarter (which is up and running).  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Citkatt
<Content>Great location with good perks The hotel is in a great location. You are just two blocks away from the french quater. I always felt safe walking back to the hotel at night, with key entry after 10. The rooms are some of the biggest in NO and the breakfast offered is great. Different hot plates each morning and a variety of pasties, fruits, cerial, and breads. The only thing that made this hotel a 4 was the room never really got cold, it got cool but not cold enough. The front desk was great and very helpful. Enjoy  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Whatbob
<Content>Great Location, afew problems My 2nd stay here and this higher floor room was much more worn and smaller. It was a deluxe. The void where a fridge once was in the bedroom furniture is an eyesore and a bit annoying when it turns out that they have about 4 fridges for the whole hotel. We were there 3 nights and our requested fridge was never available. High floors do not mean views as the wall below the window juts out and only the builing opposite is to be seen, the street car and the street could not be seen at all. Overall the location makes it but I felt this hotel is slipping a bit.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DuffyDo
<Content>Good Location and Nice Staff This is a great hotel! It's in a perfect location; quiet when you want to sleep and only two blocks away if you want to get involved in the action of Bourbon Street. The staff is very friendly and the complementary breakfast is better than most. The rooms are large and clean; the free wireless internet access is so GREAT. My only comlaint....the bathrooms could use some updating. Don't get me wrong, there clean - just starting to show there age.Now, when my husband and I head to the Cresent City - we know where we will stay everytime!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great find. The hotel had big clean rooms, good continental breakfast. Add to that: friendly service. The location is superb! Within walking distance from everything. We booked directly online with the hotel and took advantage of our AAA membership and got a great rate in our opinion. We won't have to look any further on our next trip to the Big Easy. Superb.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Suebjazz
<Content>Hampton Inn F.Q. Ups and Downs The excellent postings on Tripadvisor convinced me to book a room at the Hampton Inn F.Q. May 20-24, 2005 for my vacation. Unfortunately, the Hampton Inn fell short. The King Study room was large, but it was dreary, dark and kind of outdated. Everything is gold! The bathroom was large, but again, old and outdated. Some of the amenities (i.e. continental breakfast and over-sized TV in the room) were nice. It's not as close to Bourbon street or the F.Q. as I thought. You have to cross Canal. I would recommend this hotel for business travel, but not for your vacation. It lacked a certain quality and convenience that some of the other New Orleans hotels offer.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay Very friendly staff. Great location close to the French Quarter. Clean rooms and tasty breakfast.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2 Hotels for the price of one! Wonderful!!!! We want to take this opportunity to thank everyone at both the Downtown Hampton and the Convention Center location for making our stay in New Orleans a memorable one. While arriving at midnight to find there was no room in the inn may not be the best way to start our trip, the effort on the part of everyone involved helped turn a negative into a huge positive. And this courteous attitude continued for our entire stay. We will certainly be back to New Orleans and will be staying at either of your hotels. Great location and a wonderful hotel. If one is not too concerned with being too close to the Quarter the Convention Center is a beautiful hotel!!!Thank You again, Lynn  Bill Collins San Clemente, CA  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gbcfb
<Content>Heaven right next to sin city. A Great Hotel! Visited NOLA during first week of May. The Hampton Inn far exceeded my expectations. From the first moment we stepped into the lobby and were greeted by the Hampton Inn's friendly and professional staff, we were struck by just how NICE the place was. You read reviews and you're never sure whether or not to believe. Believe! The rooms were spacious with what seemed to be 14 foot ceilings. If possible arrange to stay in the larger whirlpool tub rooms. You'll end up with a corner room and a lot of living space for just a few more dollars. The hotel's location was a bonus - two blocks away from Bourbon Street and all of the sites of the French Quarter. The Hampton Inn is a great place to have as a home base for exploring not only New Orleans but the surrounding areas - plantations, swamp tours, cajun country. The Hampton Inn - Laissez Les Bon Temps Rouler  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful, Delightful, Delighful I can't wait to go back. This Hotel was far from what I expected. The entire staff could not have been more helpful. Normally when I am away from home, I can't wait to get back home. Not this stay, the Hotel was so comfortable it was like being at home. Every single staff member is a credit to their profession.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Great location! The hotel is located in the Central Business District, which is safe and fairly quiet at night. However, you only have to walk to blocks and you are on Bourbon street / French Quarter. The hotel was pretty on par with other Hampton inns. Clean, comfortable rooms with good self serve breakfast. The staff was very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mzubler
<Content>Just as good as it gets This hotel was just as great as all of the reviews that we read before staying there. It met and exceeded our expectations. The staff was very courteous and extremely helpful. The whole place, including our room, was very clean and tastefully decorated. The location is great, being just outside the French Quarter. The breakfast buffet was excellent with a good selection. The only negative was the valet parking on our first day, where it took us over an hour to retrieve our car. When we complained about this they refunded our parking fee for that day. I can't think of another negative thing to say about this place and I would highly recommend it and will certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hardworking19
<Content>Hampton Inn, Carondelet. Simply the best! I stayed at the Hampton April 10-13. This hotel is located just 2 blocks from the French Quarter (in fact, Carondelet turns into Burbon St. across Canal St.). Check-in was a breeze. The bell staff met my car at the curb, and took my luggage and valet parked my car. The front desk staff was very friendly and attentive. In fact check-in took about 3 minutes total! My room was large, spacious and very nicely appointed. The staff was very helpful with directions and suggestions for areas of interest and dining tips. Everything was within walking distance, and during my 3 day stay, my car never left the garage! Probably my best hotel experience in years.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jubee20001
<Content>Great place to stay! This is a great place to stay. I traveled without plans and stopped by looking for a hotel after midnight. $125 including tax. It is a great value. Room is very clean, staff are very helpful, free high speed internet in the room. The location is just 2 small blocks away from French quater. The hotel offers free breakfast. It even had a small party for the guests while I was there. I will recommend this place and will visit again if I am going to New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>awelch2000
<Content>Hampton Inn goes upscale! I stayed at the Hampton Inn Downtown in early March 2005 and was VERY pleasantly surprised. I travel frequently for business and as I drove up it was immediately clear that this was a different type of Hampton Inn. Beautiful old building, valet parking, and a short walk to the French Quarter.My room was much larger than I'm used to at a Hampton Inn, was spotless, and felt more like a higher-end chain. Staff was responsive and very helpful.I'll definitely stay here again on future trips to the Big Easy!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay During Mardi Gras My wife and I stayed at the Hampton Inn French Quarter Area during Mardi Gras, February 6-9, 2005. Great Location -- 1.5 blocks from Canal Street and the French Quarter (the hotel is not actually in the French Quarter, but very close). Room was very large and clean. Hotel staff were very friendly. Security at the hotel during Mardi Gras was excellent. The morning continental breakfast was typical Hampton Inn -- good mix of hot and cold items. There was no evening managers reception during our stay -- but who wanted to be at the hotel during Mardi Gras.I will stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rosenbeans
<Content>Excellent choice! We had 8 people travel to New Orleans for a reunion in November, 2004 and this was a great choice! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful-they gave us adjoining rooms as well as travel directions to the plantations we wanted to see. The continental breakfast is more than rolls and coffee: hot entrees every day, with fruit and cereals galore. The rooms were large and very clean. The location is 2 blocks from Bourbon Street and the Quarter, and within walking distance to the casinos and riverboats. It also is right on the St. Charles streetcar line. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and would return there ourselves!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maximus217
<Content>THE BEST AND THE ONLY HOTEL ONE SHOULD CONSIDER IN NEW ORLEANS We recently stayed at Hampton Inn from Jan 31, 2005 to February 5, 2005. The lobby is very classy, and the receptionists are courteous and professional. The elevator could only be operated with your room key, which makes you feel safe and secure.The room we reserved was a King Study; however, we were upgraded to a King Study with Whirlpool Tub. When we checked the room, we found out that we got a corner room on the 9th floor. The room was incredible. There are four huge windows that give you a great view of the city. The windows are double insulated; therefore, you will not hear any noise from the outside. The room includes a study table, a sofa, and a chaise lounge. The bed is nice and comfortable. The bathroom is huge with a Whirlpool Tub that could fit two people. They also offer free internet service in your roomThe breakfast buffet at the Carondolet Room is great plus. The breakfast table has an abundant array of food. They have muffins, breads, fruits, cereals, eggs, sausages, bagels, and king cake in honor of Mardi Gras. They also have coffee, orange juice, hot tea, and hot chocolate.The gym is also clean with machines that actually work. They all seem to be new.The hotel location is a great plus. There is a food court connected with the hotel that serves lunch Mondays to Fridays. The streetcar also stops in front of the hotel. The hotel is only 2 blocks from Bourbon Street. There are a lot of restaurants that are within walking distant. There is also a bank connected with the hotel and a drugstore/supermarket (Walgreen) is just a few blocks away from the hotel. If you are staying during Mardi Gras and you need to leave the hotel during the parade, fear not because you will be able to leave the hotel. Overall, this is a great hotel and much kudos to the people who works here.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KyMike
<Content>Great Location, Staff, and Room This was my first trip to New Orleans and was not sure where to stay, but after reading the high reviews on the Hampton Inn - French Quarter I decided to give it a try. I arrived at 11 a.m on Monday the 24, after returning to port from a cruise. I was aware of the 3 p.m. checkout time but decided to get a try anyway. The front desk was extremely helpful and allowed us to check-in early. The front desk suggested that we attend the Managers reception. The reception consisted of beer, wine and a great bowl of red beans and rice. The room was nice and roomy, very clean, and the service we received from the front desk was excellent. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tehuti
<Content>My favorite I've been to New Orleans twice in the last two years and stayed at this hotel both trips. After a disasterous first night stay at the NO East Hampton Inn in Feb. of '03 I moved to the downtown location for the remainder of my stay. No knock on the first hotel, but it is way out on the outskirts of town, near the Six Flags park. I was in town for the first parade weekend of carnival, before the big rush, and I wanted to be near the French Quarter. Hampton East is a long and expensive cab ride from the Quarter, and on busy nights during peak season cabbies were reluctant to go all the way out there for one fare.The downtown Hampton is just two short blocks walking distance from Canal and Bourbon Street. A great place to stay if you plan to hang out in the Quarter or watch the parades as they come up and down Canal. The rooms are clean and quiet and the service was adequate. I also liked the complimentary breakfast, which is a step above typical Continental breakfasts that I've had at other Hampton Inns.For the price it couldn't be beat. If there was only one criticism I would say that being ACROSS Canal from Bourbon Street (Carondelet actually turns into Bourbon Street when it crosses Canal) it can be a challenge getting across Canal when parades are in progress. Not a major issue but I though I would mention it.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Briarwood010
<Content>Super Spot!! We stayed here twice during January 05....Great service. Nice rooms..The king delux suite was really nice (had a living room plus a desk area)..A great breakfast (free) plus a boxed lunch every day and a paper delivered to your door for free. Add to this baked cookies at the desk every evening and you have it all. The rooms were spacious with old world charm (huge windows- tall ceilings and beautifully decorated) with high speed internet in your rm for free....The location was great. We were one block from Bourbon street and all the activities and only a few blocks to the riverwalk....It was on the trolly line if you needed to go any further but for us it was central to everything and we could walk to most rest's and attractions...Will stay again if in town...  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay Great location and reasonable price. The only problem was that the air conditioner in the rooms was not able to keep the room cool. I stayed two nights and after the first night I asked for a different room. The staff was helpful and politely granted my request. The second night was better, but during the day the room was kind of muggy. Full disclosure, I was visiting during the first week of August. Maybe the air conditioner will be able to manage the heat in less brutal weather. I plan to stay at the same hotel this coming March.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>like2travel1
<Content>Great hotel - good location The previous excellent reviews are still accurate. We spent 3 nights here the first week of December, and the hotel is just as good as our first stay here about 4 years ago. The entire staff was great from the moment we arrived, and throughout our entire stay. Our room was a large corner room overlooking the street, yet very quiet. The Manager's afternoon cocktail hour was one of the best we've ever had, with beer, wine, soft drinks and included a hot soup with all kinds of crackers, which was great enough to be our dinner the day we arrived. The breakfast buffet also was great, with a wide variety of items, and two hot dishes every day. which varied depending on the day. The days we were there included eggs, sausage, biscuits and gravy, and french toast. The only caution about the hotel is that some of the rooms are not as large and bright as the one we had. The first room we were offered was very small and overlooked rusty cooling towers of the building next door, with almost no sunlight. When we pointed out to the front desk that we were there for three days and needed something more cheerful, our room was changed without any problem. We definitely would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saintev929
<Content>Great hotel in the Big Easy Stayed here for 3 nights in Mid October. Can't beat the location, great breakfast and extremely friendly staff. Good size room by New Orleans standards. Trolley stop right outside the door. Our new preferred place to stay in N'awlins.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value good location, HUGE room,free brakfast  cocktail hour. 2 1/2 blocks to the french qutr. 'king study' is a very large room - had a great view from the 12th floor. can't beat the price for what you get.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel with a Friendly Staff After a horrible experience at another hotel we moved into this one on day 2 of our trip. The room was wonderful. The beds were so soft and comfortable and they served a wonderful breakfast every morning, which was one less hassle that we had to worry about. I think our stay at New Orleans was heigtened by this Hotel. They even book a swamp tour for us and found coupons for it. In conclusion I really had to complaints about this hotel and would gladly stay there next time I go to new orleans  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HibTraveller
<Content>A great hotel The Hampton Inn, Carondalet street is one of the best hotels I've stayed in anywhere.I booked a room with a whirlpool bath and when I walked in, it was more like a suite - it was a massive corner room with 4 double windows! It felt like I should have being paying a multiple of the $125 rate that I got it for. The room had a very high ceiling and was very nicely furnished. The whirlpool bath was great too. Also included was a complimentary buffet breakfast, newspaper, room safe and even free wireless internet access. On weekday evenings they even supplied free beers and wines in the same area that breakfast was served.The location was perfect too, being a block away from Bourbon street and the French quarter.All in all, this hotel is highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sleekgal
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed here Aug 1-3.We arrived off the cruise ship at 10:30 am and had no trouble getting our room right away.The room had lots of space. And a comfy king size bed. The breakfast was good, with fresh fruit salad, fresh fruit , at least two hot items, plus cerel, muffins, juice etc. You are within walking distance of everything(some things are a good walk), but you can also catch the trolly outside the door. There is no place to eat in the hotel, but lots close by. Overall it is a great price 99.00 per night plus free breakfast and on certain nights a managers party with free drinks and wine and a variety of snacks. You can't go wrong here.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, would stay here again. We stayed here for 3 nights in June and found the Hampton Inn staff very professional and helpful. The room was spacious and well maintained. It is within walking distance of most things tourists like to see--Canal Street, Bourbon Street, French Market, etc. There is a complimentary breakfast buffet which is very good. Also, weekday evenings between 5 and 7, there is complimentary beer, wine and some type of snack or soup. There was no refrigerator in the room and no room service. Overall, a great place for the reasonable rates and location.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, basic room The room at the Hampton Inn was clean and large, but rather dark. Also, be aware that there is no room service, no refrigerator in the room and no in room movies. This probably won't matter to most people, however, I was traveling alone and would have liked to order room service and a movie at night. On the plus side, there is a nice free breakfast in the morning and a manager reception in the evening on the weekends. The location--close to the French Quarter--is great. If your interested in just a basic room, no perks, then this is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay here again My husband  I just got back and what a wonderful time we had! I would stay at the Hampton again. First it is a nice clean hotel with a beautiful lobby - staff was wonderful. I booked a whirlpool room and got a huge corner room with 4 big windows and the biggest bed we have had in a long time. The free beer and wine Sun - Thur was great! We had a few before going out for the night. That saved some money along with the free breakfast . The only drawback (and I knew it before booking my room) is the lack of a hotel lounge. We like to have a glass of wine before going to our room so we just bought a bottle and opened it in our room.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Traveler X
<Content>Will Stay Here Again! My girlfriend and I stayed at the Downtown Hampton Inn during the last weekend of Jazz Fest only after pouring over all the reviews on Trip Advisor for all the hotels in NOLA. We were not disappointed. One of our main concerns is noise (in and outdoors) and the Hampton Inn is very quiet. At the same time, we wanted a hotel close to the Quarter for convenience. The Hampton Inn hit the mark there as well, as it is located only two blocks away from Bourbon Street. As stated in other reveiws, our room was exceptionally large with a high ceiling making it seem even more spacious. The bed was one of the most comfortable we've slept on and the room was clean throughout. The hotel staff was friendly without exception. Add to all the above a wonderful free breakfast with hot items and a weeknight manager's reception with free beer/wine and snacks and you've got a winner! We are already planning to come back for next year's Jazz Fest and will be staying here again.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCP_MA
<Content>Excellent Hotel! I booked the Hampton Inn based upon extensive web research. I noticed that there were hotels that had high 'stars' ratings, but not such good reviews. The HI may not have such a high star rating, but it surely has good reviews, it's reasonably priced, and in an excellent location. We stayed at the HI from Apr 21-26, 2004. The room and bath were immaculate and spacious. The staff is friendly and helpful. The security is quite good. One needs to use a key card to get in after 11 pm, and also to use the elevators. Although I never felt threatened in the neighborhood, this was a bonus because New Orleans is a city in which one must be aware of one's surroundings.I wish it were a bit closer to the river, but even so, it's only a hop to the French Quarter; and it's right on the streetcar line.I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hampton Inn needs a good housecleaning My husband and I spent 5 nights at the Hampton Inn on Carondelet in New Orleans. The first night our sheets smelled sour like body odor or vomit. There also was crud in the bathroom sink. We thought this would be improved when the sheets were changed the next day. The bed was made but not changed. We inquired at the front desk and the room was cleaned that day.We noticed when the room next door was cleaned, there were crumbs and lint outside their door. This reminded for the four days we were there. We never saw the hall vacuumed.One evening my husband happened to look down and sticking out from under his night stand was a receipt from Walgreens dated in March. We were in the room in the later part of April.The last day we were there, we were in and out of the room. The bed wasn't made until we again went to the front desk. Then the room wasn't vacuumed or restocked.This is a renovated building that could have dignity if it was cleaned. The lack of professionalism on the part of housekeeping staff ruined our trip.If this is true of Hampton Inns, they do not deserve any stars or high rating.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The place to stay in NOLA We always stay at Hampton Inns and this one did not disappoint. It is an absolutely lovely hotel. The lobby and pool areas were beautiful and the entire hotel was spotlessly clean. The room was spacious and nicely appointed. The location was fabulous, too! Beautiful treelined St. Charles Avenue was a quiet and relaxing change from the noise and crowds of the French Quarter. It was certainly a nice place to unwind after a day of sightseeing. Plus, it is right on a streetcar stop and just a $10 cab ride from the Quarter when you want to get out in the evening. For people who are driving, there is ample free parking. The continental breakfast was far above average with many different selections, including hot items. The only reason I did not give this hotel an excellent rating is that the housekeeping service was exceptionally slow. Both days, when we returned late in the afternoon, our room hadn't been cleaned. After alerting the front desk, the room was serviced promptly. However, this is, by far, my new favorite place to stay in New Orleans and I will certainly visit it again.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great experience! We got back last night from New Orleans, where we spent four nights at the Hampton Inn. It was just superb! We had put alot of weight on the other great reviews of the Hampton on this website to decide where to stay on this trip, and they were very accurate. The front desk staff were extremely helpful, especially when the airline misplaced our bags on the trip down, and really everyone we met who worked at the hotel were friendly and helpful without exception. Our room was enormous and just beautiful- it was a corner room with high ceilings and floor to ceiling windows. It is the most spacious hotel room I've ever stayed in, and I have travelled alot. Our experience at the hotel was wonderful, especially in light of the fact that it was Mardi Gras, with all the ensuing bedlam involved.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamaspice
<Content>Loved the Hampton Inn on Carondelet On a recent trip to New Orleans over the holidays we stayed five days at the Hampton Inn on Carondelet and it was fantastic! The breakfast was great and the breakfast room was open all day and in the evenings so we could go in and get coffee, ice, pop or just lounge, watch TV or look-out the windows at the scenery! The rooms were clean and the view we had from our room was beautiful, especially at night with all the lights and the gas lights on the hotel across the street!Everyone of the staff was great and did their best to accommodate the multitude of questions everyone seemed to have! If they didn't have the answer they found someone who did!Carondelet turns into Bourbon Street once you pass Canal and we walked from the hotel to Bourbon Street and never once felt uncomfortable. There are always people milling around. The cable car stops at Canal and Carondelet plus there are the shops and restaurants on Canal and the people pouring off of Bourbon! The hotel is in a great location! Business in the day time and other hotels so there is always activity!While we were there a smoker set-off a smoke alarm in a hallway and we happened to be in the lobby when the alarm went off and the entire staff acted so quickly and efficiently that we were impressed! They evacuated with no sense of panic (for all you single gals, the firemen could have all been on a hunk calendar). Just one drawback. The valent parking was slow and inefficient! We ended-up cabbing whenever possible!The Moores from Nebraska highly recommend it!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient Location A Big Plus! We stayed at the Hampton Inn for four days, and were quite pleased with our choice. Not only is it in a great location - less than two blocks from the French Quarter - the hotel offers a great breakfast when compared to other Hampton Inns that we have stayed in. Of course, breakfast should not be the main focus of anyone's trip, but since New Orleans is made for walking, we wanted to make sure that we fueled up before heading out each day. Each morning, they had the usual cereals, bagels, fruit and yogurt... but they also had either eggs or french toast sticks and sausage, along with biscuits and better-than-usual muffins.If you're looking for a hotel that's close to the main attractions, the Hampton Inn on Carondelet is a great choice. It isn't exactly cheap, but it is less expensive than other major hotels in the area. It's very close to some great restaurants nearby, and practically sits on the trolley stop so it's really easy to get to the Garden District. Because we were so close to everything, we never had to rent a car while in New Orleans, so the room rate was worth it.The rooms are clean and comfy and the elevators can only be operated with a room key, so that's an added bonus. We didn't have any bad/weird feelings about walking near the hotel at night, but the added security measure was a nice touch. If we go back to New Orleans, we'll probably stay at the Hampton Inn again.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service Spot. If you need a comfortable place to crash after a hectic day of sightseeing, this is the place.Hospitality is the word here-starting with Amie the person responsible for checking us in.Amazing how close we were to the major sights. We walked to all of them.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel!! This really made my visit to New Orleans a Great One. The staff was incredibly nice and helpful. The hotel was beautiful. And a buffet breakfast was a great change of pace from the coffee and danish that most places serve.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay My family stayed for 2 nights after a Carnival Cruise. Checked in on Thanksgiving day. All employees were professional and very helpful from the desk clerk to the several maintenance and doormen we had contact with. We checked in at 10am, I expected as usual hotels that they would store our suitcases for us but that we wouldn't be able to check in until the 3pm standard check in time. We were escorted immediately to our room. After being in our room for an hour, loud rap music started in the room next door. The desk clerk sent up someone to ask them to turn it down which they did for a few minutes and then it was turned up again. The desk clerk called back to see if it was ok, she immediately suggested we move to another room and sent up the bellman with new keys and a cart to move our many suitcases. I have to say again the employees (all) were terrific. The rooms are huge, with high ceilings and raised beds, big tv's, nice big windows. The daily continental breakfast isn't your run of the mill muffins, coffee and juice....it was much more. Even eggs and sausage, fruit, cereal, bagels and huge muffins, etc... Great way to start the long days of walking around town. The security at the hotel is outstanding, your room key is needed in the elevator, the gym (which was also above average), the breakfast floor and even in the front door after 10pm. We felt safe. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to New Orleans, the location, security, employees, etc... made it a great stay.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very very pleased My wife and I stayed at this hotel for a week in April 2003. A great location (walking distance to the Quarter and Casino) street car service at the front door and very friendly and efficient staff. Loved the morning breakfast and the nightly manager's get together. Practically two free meals a day. Everything was right about this hotel including the price. Highly recomended.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hampton Inn   showReview(1498855, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Stay   showReview(1495321, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Likeness
<Content>Great Location   showReview(1280765, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VanillaPenne
<Content>Stick with a Hampton   showReview(1257015, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel w/ a Super Staff   showReview(1154360, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Bed Ever   showReview(1148180, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay   showReview(1118358, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hampton Inn   showReview(812141, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hampton Inn Downtown New Orleans   showReview(718033, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hampton inn   showReview(499392, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>werde dieses Hotel sofort wieder buchen   showReview(15578115, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LordNoZoo
<Content>Muy bien   showReview(12438394, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien sans plus   showReview(11371838, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

