<Author>Goteed1
<Content>Thumbs Up - Good Value I stayed here Christmas week and got a great rate for a deluxe room. Check in was no problem, room was really great. HUGE, I mean really big with room for at least 3 king sized beds. Had a sitting area, desk, nice updated finishes, plasma TV, nice updated bathroom as well. Even though many New Orleans visitors will tell you, you only need a room to sleep, if you can get a nice room, it just enhances the trip that much more.Property is very pretty, well maintained courtyard with a small pool and a small gym. Courtyard was very nice for just having morning coffee or a glass of wine after dinner. They serve a pretty basic Costco type continental breakfast which is a nice plus, but just beware of hungry families on the rampage for free food in the morning. Not everyone remembers manners when it comes to free danish, I guess. Still, a nice touch. They have a hotel bar called May Baileys, you get a free drink coupon when you check in. The coupon is ONLY good for beer or wine, no longer good for mixed drinks. While a nice touch, seems a little stingy. The bar is a nice little locals place. Went there a couple of times and it was mostly empty.This is not really a FULL SERVICE hotel, i.e. no concierge, doorman or room service, but when you need help, everyone is more than willing. Also WIFI is FREE!! And it worked fine. This will normally bump your stay by 10 or 15 bucks a day at a bigger hotel. Maid service was great, they respected my do not disturb signage all week until I emerged around noon each day.About the only minor, I mean really minor thing I didn't like was the ugly elevators. They are in really bad shape HOWEVER they work great, they just look like crap! Location is great, a block away from Bourbon but no noise issues at all. I would absolutely recommend this place for anyone looking for really good value.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>mmirsky
<Content>Nice updated hotel one block from Bourbon St. Dauphine Orleans - Updated and modern without a lot of frills. Beds are comfortable and rooms have plasma TV. Bathrooms are smallish, but with updated marble and tile. Great location one block from Bourbon St. The cont breakfast is included - great waffles and fresh fruit. The service was ok, but they didn't really go out of their way to make you comfortable.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	2	2	3	

<Author>paradigmwg
<Content>In the heart of the French Quarter --- good and bad The only negative I had with the Dauphine is the $28 per day valet parking charge. I was unaware of this level of a charge until I arrived (it was not mentioned on the Priceline page). That said, I got a fantastic price from Priceline (only $62 per night) so all-in-all, price was great.We were immediately greeted very positively by the parking valet who offered to tell us about the best places in town. The hotel is old (of course) and is located in the heart of the French Quarter just one block off Bourbon Street. Even so, it was quiet and very subdued and most of the people we saw were in our age group (50-60). Check in was very quick and courteous and we were in our room on the 3rd floor in a matter of minutes. Even with the Priceline pricing, we did receive a King Room (nice). The room was very clean and comfortable - lots of pillows - and a good A/C system. The bath was dated but still very functional. The flat screen TV was a nice touch and free internet is something that many hotels actually charge for (and it was actually high speed).May Bailey's (the bar located on the first floor) was a bit overrated - at least the night we stopped in. The drinks were done well but fairly pricey and the server was disinterested ..... took a while to get her attention and then even longer to get her attention a second time. By the time we were able to get her attention, we had pretty much given up on having a second drink.Breakfast is free but very basic (pretty much what you'd find in any mid-class motel). with strawberries and cantaloupe as the fresh fruit, bagels, toast, some cereal, and one waffle maker. There was plenty of fresh orange juice and coffee (both important!).The room was surprisingly quiet except for our last night there when people above us decided to simply throw their trash off their balcony rather than in the trash but that's not the hotel's fault.Our first night there was also our first night in Orleans (ever) and, frankly, our walk from the hotel to Bourbon Street was a little scary. Dauphine Street is dark as is the connector street to Bourbon Street (St. Louis). As the evenings went on, it became much less so and everyone we passed or came across seemed pretty friendly and normal. I'm not sure I would have been comfortable walking around too late when the crowds went down but I guess that would be the case in any city.Overall, I'm glad we stayed in the French Quarter ..... definitely worth the money we paid on Priceline!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>acraftydiva
<Content>Loved the Dauphine! Spent 2 days prior to a cruise and couldn't be happier with the Dauphine Orleans! The rooms have recently been remodeled and everything was clean and bright. The location could not be better! Just 1 block off Bourbon but with none of the noise! The complimentary breakfast was a great way to start the day. The staff was eager to help in any way they could. Would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>EstiloM
<Content>Good Value A cozy boutique hotel with friendly staff - Don the Bellman is a wonderful resource for info on local restaurants and nightspots. Our room was clean and comfortable with a marble bathroom, however there were a couple of issues:(1) the air-conditioning - we had to turn it down every night; and(2) Our room was located over the parking garage which proved to be a source of undesireable late night noise, with car doors slamming and raucous laughter as revelers returned to the hotel after a night of partying. This took place from approx. 2:00 a.m. - 5:00 a.m. (note: this occurred on the weekend, Friday and Saturday night; we were not disturbed by late noise during the week). If you're a light sleeper, be sure to request a room that does not face the parking garage.Renovation of the hotel is almost complete. The final upgrade will be the elevators, which are in dire need of a makeover. Amenities include a swimming pool and fitness center, replete with eliptical and cycling equipment however, there is only one treadmill, and it was in high demand during our stay. Complimentary breakfast is served daily and although the menu is limited, it included fresh fruit which was a plus. In addition, the hotel has two lovely courtyards; a great place to enjoy a cup of coffee or do some reading.In spite of the minor issues mentioned previously, we found the Dauphine Orleans to be a good value.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>GracieTess
<Content>Great Location My husband and I go to New Orleans every November and meet 15-20 friends to celebrate birthdays!! We have stayed at various hotels in the French Quarter and found the Dauphine to be great. Our room was clean, had a small balcony overlooking Dauphine, and the hotel has the cutest little courtyard perfect for morning coffee. It was a little noisy but that is the norm in the French Quarter. Staff was friendly and the hotel is in a terrific location for walking about the city. Will stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Maenad1
<Content>Wonderful boutique hotel We didn't choose this hotel for ourselves -- it was booked by the American Heart Association, at whose convention my husband was working. I flew down to join him. My husband stayed here for six nights, I stayed there for one night.From the moment I arrived, I was very impressed. I took the airport shuttle, it pulled up in front of the hotel, and before I could even get out of the van, the Dauphine bellman was at the curb, welcoming me to the hotel and taking my luggage. He was so friendly and pointed out all the amenities of the hotel (pool, breakfast area, fitness room, courtyards, etc.) while taking my suitcase upstairs. He gave me several recommendations for dining and going out to hear a band; he even called me back after he left the room to mention one more recommendation. That's what I call excellent service! The people at the front desk were friendly and helpful as well.We stayed in room 104, which is an upstairs room in an area by itself overlooking a courtyard. It's a beautiful, large room with an exposed brick wall, a gallery, shutters over the windows, French doors -- everything you'd imagine when you think French Quarter boutique hotel. There was even a flat screen TV, wet bar and fridge. The landscaping around the room was lush and tropical, and the peeling paint on some of the buildings only added to the charm.The next morning was lovely -- a beautiful sunny day in the '70s. I was sitting outside in the courtyard by the pool eating a waffle with strawberries, sipping a cup of tea -- life doesn't get much better than that. This is a great location for a hotel -- on Dauphine Street, with a few bars (including a 24-hour one) and little stores nearby, yet far enough (one block) from Bourbon Street to escape that noise. Easy walking distance to everything in the French Quarter.A few small quibbles: The king bed with its foam mattress toppper was a bit squishy, and the sheets were kind of scratchy (and why don't they tuck the bottom sheet under the mattress here, or use fitted sheets?). There were no washcloths in the bathroom, and the bathroom, while nicely outfitted with a jacuzzi tub, didn't have a proper stand-up shower -- you had to sit in the tub and spray yourself with the hose attachment. Also, there was no clock of any kind nor drinking glasses in the bathroom.These minor inconveniences, however, did not take away from my enjoyment of the property, and I would have loved to stay on a few more days, but the hotel wanted to charge a ridiculous rate ($180/night) to extend our stay, when it had already given the AHA a rate of $94 per night. So we transferred to the Omni Royal Orleans, just two blocks away, which I've also reviewed.In short, I would love to stay at the Dauphine Orleans again, if I could get a good deal. If you're looking for French Quarter shabby chic charm, and you can get this hotel for $120/night or less, it's absolutely worth it.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>julony
<Content>Suprisingly quiet for the French Quarter The Dauphine Orleans is an oasis of tranquility, given its proximity to Bourbon Street. The staff could not have been more friendly or helpful, the rooms were large and the beds super-comfortable. There is no restaurant as such but the complementary buffet breakfast was perfectly adequate. In any case, who dines in a hotel in New Orleans? On the other hand, the bar puts to shame many of its competitors, both in terms of value for money ambience and elegance of decor. And how nice to see bar staff that are friendly and competent. Add to this free access to the Internet and you can see why the Dauphine is so busy.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>nickey7194
<Content>Great location, great room, great people... We booked a last minute getaway to New Orleans and found the Dauphine to be simple but elegant. We stayed on the second floor in a deluxe king-bed room which was perfect. The only con was the view of the garage but if you ask for a courtyard view I am sure they may oblige. It is one block from Bourbon St. and about six from Decatur St. and Jackson Square. Each staff member from front desk to security was very pleasant, all quality employees. Price was a bit steep but the accomodations and perks made it very worth while. We will return in the future...  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tabbikat2219
<Content>Hated The Hotel They Even Had Us Arrested For Talking To Loud When we arrived the hotel was dirty and the rooms were not up to the standards in the pictures or as promised. We had to ask each day for our room to be cleaned housekeeping complained they didnt have any towels to do so. On our second night there after returning from dinner we came back and there were other ppls possessions on our balcony and cameras missing from our room. We called the desk they called the police who wouldnt even write a reoprt. So we emailed a complaint to the manager since he never was available. That same night as we packed to leave we had our balcony open one of us was out on it the other in the bathroom. We were talking back and forth. Security came to our room and said we were being to loud we apologized. 5 minutes later sherriffs showed up took us put in our nightgowns and arrested us for disturbing the peace. After a hellacious nightmare of 20 ours long we returned to gather out belongings which the hotel had thrown into garbage bags to find our money missing. They offered to call the police again. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. We are two women in our thirtys who were doing nothing wrong but made a complaint and they took revenge on us.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ChillyMutt
<Content>Nice Hotel Nice hotel and friendly staff. Room was nice and recently renovated. Paid $79/nt.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>vision_quest61
<Content>Great value for a lovely hotel After reading trip advisor notes, chose Dauphine Orleans. If first impressions are accruate the hotel should have been a dive. We drove up, waited in the car for 10 minutes, while watching the porter carry on a laughing conversation with someone else while glancing several times at us in the car. After the 10 plus minutes, he causually walked to the car to ask if we were checking in. The check in clerk apologized, provided us with free drink coupons for anything in the full bar. The rooms were very pleasant, clean and comfy. A King size bed for 80 bucks. The clerk also gave us a flyer for a 10% discount at the Oceana Grill on Conti (excellent food!) The bar was cute and charming. The pool was very clean. Continental breakfast was excellent (fresh fruit and make your own waffles). Would stay again and hopefully the car porter will not be working there! You could also park there while visiting New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>jimmycyzinski
<Content>The Dauphine Orleans is Fantastic!       DO 5  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>thebeerhunter
<Content>Nice hotel, a couple of problems related to renovations...       inside the May Bailey bar  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>sdsansky
<Content>Great Price, Location Without Noise of Bourbon Street We booked our stay to include airfare and hotel for 4 nights at the Dauphine Orleans through Bookit.com at a great price.As with all other guests our room rate included 2 complimentary cocktails in May Baileys, continental breakfast and USA Today each day.Check-in: Fast and easy. The person who checked us in was quite nice. Our room keys came in a little pouch that opened up to a map of the French Quarter which was very handy.Our room: We had a king room on the 4th floor. The room was clean and simply decorated to our tastes. Flat screen LG TV mounted to the wall across from the bed, free wired or wireless internet access. The bed and pillows were VERY comfortable. Our room faced another building but that was ok. We weren't there to look out the window. The bathroom was clean and had extra towels, washclothes, bath products and a bath robe.There was minimal drawer space in the room so keep that in mind, you will need to hang most things up and may need more hangars. We were ok as we were not doing anything too dressy so it wasn't an issue.The internet access worked but was a bit slow. That was ok for the most part as it was free and wireless.There was an inroom coffee maker which we didn't utilize.The A/C was perfect for us, the bedding was clean our room was done up each day. No problem with our comfort in the room.The Breakfast: I have read mixed reviews of the breakfast. I agree with them. It was included so we did eat at it 3 of the 4 days. The breakfast room was always clean and there were more than enough tables. I think I counted seats for at least 25 people, plus more tables under umbrellas right outside the door by the pool. The food was what you expect for a free continental. You could make your own waffles out of batter (not frozen). Fresh cut fruit, really good mint tea and coffee was good. Ass't breads for toasting, cereal. Was supposed to be yogurt but it was never stocked when I went. I think that the breakfast attendant DOES stock and restock unlike what other reviewers have said, but the food is kind of all on top of each other in one little spot I think it was just as hard for her to stock as it was for us to get to the food. You were kind of on top of each other as you made toast and someone reached for cereal etc. The common areas: Far and away the worst part of the hotel was the elevators. They worked but are in a poor state-the wood paneling is coming off the interior, the floor tiles are cracked, they are dirty and the feel like they may be on their last legs. We never got stuck or anything but I always breathed a sigh of relief that we didn't. As they are redoing the hotel I hope the elevators are part of it. The hallway on our floor was always clean, quite and well lit. The lobby was small-as others have said. It was clean and pretty and it was a lobby. Who cares if it isn't a hot spot to hang out in? If you are going all the way to New Orleans to hang out in a hotel lobby that is your first problem!Swimming Pool-we never got around to using it but it was always clean, stocked with fluffy towels and it looked inviting to me. Just couldn't fit it in.May Baileys-We went for our free drinks, it looked like we had just missed a happy hour with cheese and some hot food. The bartender was very friendly, the mixed drink was great and my husband liked the Abita beer which is local. As some places are pricey for drinks it was nice to have one on them.We did not use the parking garage, but I am sure it was fine.Location: We were around the corner from the heart of Bourbon Street. We never heard a thing though. The hotel was extremely quiet and that was great for sleeping in. We were a 1 minute walk to Bourbon, a 10 minute walk to Canal Street or St. Charles. Very centrally located.This is a boutique style hotel so if you are looking for the sameness of a Marriott or other chain this isn't for you. (Don't get me wrong, I stay in Marriotts all the time but a city like New Orleans deserves something a little different) If you need room service and a big lavish lobby look elsewhere. If you want a quiet spot that is pretty and comfortable after a long day touring or a long night drinking then the Dauphine Orleans is a great spot for you.I was pleased with the hotel and would recommend it again!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LouiseAl
<Content>A great place to stay       Pool at Dauphine Orleans Hotel  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>radiowitch
<Content>Wonderful Experience at the Dauphine Orleans I visited New Orleans for two separate trips in June of 2008 and stayed at two different hotels in the French Quarter. I've visited this city numerous times pre- and post-Katrina, including this hotel. I stayed in Room 238 for my second trip this month, which is located across the street from the main hotel in the Hermann House buildings/courtyard. I have no complaints whatsoever about this room or my stay at the hotel, which is saying a lot for me. This room is equipped with a fantastic king-size Tempurpedic bed, exposed brick walls, marble countertops, a refrigerator (a big perk in this city with its fabulous restaurants), and a double-headed shower/tub with a jacuzzi. The room smelled fine and was extremely clean. There was great, consistent water pressure and plenty of hot water, both important. There is a daily afternoon tea and full fitness center in the main building area, and we received complimentary welcoming cocktails for the on-site bar (May Bailey's), and all of these were enjoyable. We did not partake of the included continental breakfasts at the hotel, as we were out at some of my preferred morning eateries instead. The staff allowed us an early check-in upon our arrival, which isn't typical of my experiences in New Orleans. I was advised of some construction/renovation going on, but didn't see or hear anything to that effect in the main areas or near our room. Our departure was marred a bit by the airport shuttle leaving without us (!!) but the hotel did its best to rectify the situation. My advice is to skip the now-iffy shuttle and take a taxi, which showed up in less than two minutes and cost the same based on two people ($28 total plus tip). The Dauphine Orleans' location is not as central as some of my other preferred French Quarter hotels, but it is still within a few blocks of everything...it just depends on what the everything is that you want. It's a block away from Bourbon Street, and a few blocks from Jackson Square. Overall, my experience at the Dauphine Orleans this time around was very positive, and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Infinityimage18
<Content>Loved the Dauphine! Great room Great price!       view from hotel room window  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>2floridians
<Content>Great find!       Front of the hotel  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>king20462000
<Content>Nice Butt The hotel and staff were very nice. Nevertheless the last thing you want to hear at 5:00am is the staff taking out the garbage it sounded 20 min. like a train wreck every morning. Don't stay on the side with the parking garge view the noise is constent. I party with the best and go to bed at 3:00 3:30 or at least I tried. This does not even count the construction that starts at 8:00am every morning.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>viatie73
<Content>Totally overrated - don't bother! I booked this hotel based on all of the positive reviews I found on tripadvisor and I was very disappointed. The first room they put us in had dirty, damp carpet and smelled of mildew. They did move us to a premium room at no extra cost, but the premium room was simply a bigger room with slightly updated carpet and the same outdated furnishings and dingy linens. The front desk staff was decent and the pool area was pleasant, but everything else was just really bad. Both elevators broke down while we were there and the breakfast was terrible. All of the food was tasteless and cheap and they served it all on paper plates and with plastic silverware. Don't bother - there are a lot better options in New Orleans!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>TravelGirrrl
<Content>Great place to stay I stayed here with a girl friend during spring break when I was in college. It was a very nice room and good friendly staff. The location was wonderful. Right in the Quarter. Love the location and the Hotel.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>je23
<Content>Run, don't walk, away from this place Arguably, one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in in my entire liife. 1 cockroach in the room, a TV remote gone missing, a leaky (and loud) A/C unit that leaked water all over the bathroom floor, an elevator that should be condemned, a desk staff that is amazingly unhelpful and unremorseful, an amazingly dingy room, the weakest hair-dryer ever assembled.It's not just us -- every time we get into the elevator, we hear tales of other complaints (no phone in one room, light bulbs out).Trust me - this is NOT 3.5 stars.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	3	1	5	

<Author>CarolynIthaca
<Content>Great place Based on previous reviews, we were nervous about staying here, but some were really good and we found that most hotels had about the same overall rating - some good some bad, yada yada.Also, we figured that most hotels in the french quarter had been affected by Katrina and would be dingy and water damaged. This was not at all the case. We learned that Katrina flooding landlocked the french quarter but it didn't flood, so the buildings were not damaged there.We found the staff to be welcoming (not effusive, but polite, professional and very helpful). The small courtyard was lovely (weather was unseasonably cold for us to use the pool. And we were lucky and bold enough to ask for a newly rennovated room They gladly switched us from the second floor to 417 in the main building.It was lovely - everything brand new, bedding, furniture, flat screen tv. Soft towels, a robe and comfy beds. We never used the coffee maker (a pod style 2 cuper) because the coffee at breakfast (available 6:30 to 11) was delish  strong. Breakfast was simple so we made peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. They also had hard boiled eggs, croissants, juice and sometimes belgian waffles. Free wireless connection was powerful  easy to use. Guest computer in the lobby is connected to the office printer and the staff gladly retrieved maps  tickets we needed to print.We used the in room safe for our valubles, even our laptops. One Macbook and a 15 dell lattitude which I was able to gently cram in after removing the battery. Honestly, I did not get the feeling we needed to use the safe, but well, just to be safe, we did.We highly recommend it and will return.Also a tip: We rented bikes instead of a car and were very happy about that decision. The traffic in the French Quarter (esp in the evening) is miserable. Getting bikes into the elevator and the room was a tight squeeze but better and far cheaper than dealing with parking. Lots of cyclists in New Orleans - very few seem to follow rules of the road. We highly recommend Michael's Bicycles on Frenchman. It's walking distance from the hotel, bikes were worn but in great shape, staff was informative  friendly. Note they are closed on Weds.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>eroc38
<Content>Very Good Lodging and Location We recently returned from New Orleans and enjoyed our stay at Dauphine. Here are a few of the key pluses for the hotel:1) Location!!! One block over from Bourbon. This made it nice and easy to go back and change clothes or shoes, take a quick rest, open the window to hear the music.2) Amenities!! Flatscreen LCD TVs, newly remodeled rooms, beautiful bathroom, and terrific Air Conditioning (trust me this is needed!).3) One minute walk to our new favorite restaurant on the planet (no joke)! Make sure you stop at Jager-Haus which is located on Conti in between Bourbon and Dauphine. It is the most authentic German food and the beer selection there is really eclectic compared to the Miller and Bud that you have to drink on Bourbon. A nice change of pace from the Gumbo and Cajun. Check out my review on this restaurant. We were so thuroughly impressed by it!4) Service at the front desk was OK, but the help in the garage (hailing taxis, setting up tours, making recommendations), was second to none!This is a solid pick when in the French Quarter, close enough to everything, but removed just enough not to have to deal with all of the drunk noise at 3:00 in the morning! We slept like babies and you will too! OH, the price was terrific too!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>jcame54250
<Content>Loved the Dauphine Orleans I'm so glad I found this hotel! My husband and I just returned from a 5 night stay and we will definitely return. Staff was friendly and efficient. Several small problems were fixed immediately. We got free drink vouchers for May Baileys Pub. There is free internet access in the lobby and I was told that WiFi will be available soon. We had a standard king room that felt spacious and was immaculately clean. Mattress was VERY comfortable. Bathroom was marbled with a full tub and strong shower. Full continental breakfast is served in a cafe area downstairs or you can eat in the courtyard under an umbrella. Very quiet at night.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>KayNYC
<Content>Plans to return       Our room  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>smithtk
<Content>My favorite place to stay in NOLA The Dauphine Orleans is my favorite place to stay in NOLA. I have tried different hotels the last couple of trips I have taken and have wished I had just stuck with the Dauphine. I have only stayed in the rooms in the courtyard across the street from the main building and they are fantastic. It feels private, looks beautiful, and is quiet although it is only a block from Bourbon Street. The only reason I did not rate the hotel as excellent is that we have had wet carpet from a plumbing leak in the past - older building with some issues. We tolerated the problem because we love the place, but others might not.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>macwacks
<Content>Good value, Euro style in the French Quarter       Breakfast in courtyard  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>metnav87
<Content>Awesome Hotel when you factor it all in. I stayed here the night of Dec 1, 07. I made reservations over the phone and got a two double bed room for 63$. Upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was extremely courteous and friendly.. Check in was a breeze with no problems. I did get a bit of a surprise, hotel parking is $28 a day. But it is very convenient to the hotel. The room was very clean but the room was very lived in. The carpet and walls could stand to be redone. The bathroom was very nice with a full tub and updated fixtures. The hotel location is perfect if you are in town for the french quarter, it is only one block to bourbon street. I was there for a saints game and the superdome was only about a 25 minute walk. In conclusion when you consider several things...The LocationThe condition of all the hotels in that areaThe priceand the staff, this hotel is the best in my opinion. I would recommend it for most anyone.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Crykyt
<Content>Bartender was a TRIP! My husband and I just returned from a four day stay in NOLA, the third night being at the Dauphine Orleans. The shuttle was going to pick us up at 5:40 am, so we spent the later evening in our room, which was EXTREMELY comfortable with a Tempur-pedic bed. The free cocktail at the hotel bar was hysterical, as the bartender, who apparently got called in on his day off, was the surliest guy with a smile on his face I ever met. He spent the entire time we were there complaining to the patrons how he got called in, didn't want to be there, and was closing at 8pm, depsite the fact I overheard hotel staff saying the bar was open til midnight. He did it all with a smile on his face. Those who didn't walk out, treated it like a show. The one working elevator didn't go up from the first ffloor, unless domeone on a higher level came down.... After three days of constant walking the French Quarter, walking up four flights was not too fun, as my thighs were the only thing that weren't hurting :) Regardless, I would definately stay here again and would definately reccommend this hotel to others. If I had paid an additional $75, I would have been happy with the room quality and the staff at the front desk's service.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>foxydot
<Content>Cute and quirky! My partner and I had one day in the Quarter before my flight left the next morning (early) so we decided to stay in the Quarter to optimize our time. The hotel staff was friendly and on top of things (in the usual relaxed NOLA way), and our room appeared to be recently renovated. It was a small room, as most of the rooms in these older buildings are, but well appointed and comfortable. The only problem we had was that my partner and I are conditioned to sleeping with a fan on for white noise, and we couldn't work out how to make the fan run without the A/C on, which made it very chilly! After an evening on Bourbon St. it was too much for our exhausted brains! The price was right, the location was fantastic and it made everything so simple.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>happytraveller444
<Content>Very disappointing I went on holiday to the USA over the last 2 weeks, staying at 3 seperate hotels, and can honestly say this is the worst. It is one of the worst I have stayed in anywhere.The room was small and ill-appointed, with no bath tub, and a coffee maker which did not work. My husband is handicapped, and was offered a wheelchair on the first night, but this was taken away from us after that. It was also very difficult for him to get into the bar, but that did not matter so much as it seemed to close at approximately 10pm. The final straw was when I found a cockroach in the room - this must be one of the dirtiest places in the USA!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	3	1	2	

<Author>nurse1sue
<Content>wonderful stay       our room  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Grasshopper74
<Content>Awesome place to stay. You cannot beat the location. If you are looking to experience the French Quarter, this is a great choice. If you get a balcony room, expect some street noise late at night, but to me the balcony is worth it. I was pleasantly surprised by the professional and courteous staff...that can be hard to come by in downtown New Orleans. Also, this hotel has several great courtyards which are attractions in and of themselves. I really enjoyed my stay. Every time I go to New Orleans in the future I will be checking rates here.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>wownola
<Content>Wouldn't Stay the Night We booked through Orbitz a King or Two Double Room. When we arrived, despite assurances there would be a King room, there was not. As that was not a guarantee, we accepted the room, until we saw it. It was a two star at best. The beds were 30 years old with yellow linens (using the term broadly). There was a nonexistent balcony which overlooked the parking garage. The bathroom was clean but tiny. We were with another couple and all agreed within 5 minutes that we could not stay. We immediately checked out and proceeded to another hotel which was much much much better. I know there must be better rooms in that hotel but you had better reserve the best.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luckybonmar
<Content>disappointment I visited with in-laws fom Holland. First trip to NOLA for them, many for me. I reserved a handicap assessible room 3 weeks in advance. I was told by the reservationist I would have 2 King deluxe rooms. The`rate` was good, so I booked. When I arrived, the rooms were in the patio side. Stairs, no way to get there in a wheelchair. Offered another room off pool and again, 2 steps. I asked why I did not have a handicap room and they said they have one, and it was reserved. The desk clerk acted like 'I had a problem' so deal with it. Not very friendly. Finally, was put in the handicap assessible room on second floor. The bathroom was modified to be a handicap bathroom, but was in really sad shape. No shower chair, the bar to get off the toilet are so close it was immpossible to lift yourself off. The floor was dirty.  I put the do not disturb sign on the door as I was bathing the wheelchair bound friend, but took the sign down when we left to go for lunch. When we came back to the room hours later, it had not been cleaned, no clean towels. There was coffee and cups, but no coffee maker. At 8:30 am each day the noise in the room was awful. Sounded like we were above the laundry room and the washers were loaded unevenly. The banging shook the room. All in all the stay was not good. The lady in the coffee shop was irritated when someone would ask for cups or milk. I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>JFKSNA
<Content>Unique and Sweet I needed to be in New Orleans for a conference and then decided to add on a few extra days with my husband to celebrate our 20th anniversary. Our room was in the Dauphine Patio area, which is actually across the street from the main office and lobby. The rooms are not spacious, but they are sweet and private. We had a room on the second floor (i.e., no elevators) with french doors that opened out to the common balcony. Very nice courtyard for guests to share. Positive comments: Old New Orleans, jacuzzi bathtub, private, nice bed, continental breakfast, free internet and wireless access in lobby, helpful staff, great on-property, non-Bourbon Street bar - May Bailey's. Not so positive: Couldn't get an exact answer on internet in my room (ranging from $1.00 per minute for usage to no), no room service, cheap paper products (i.e., toilet paper and tissues simply tear off in my hand), small size of room. I suspect there are larger rooms at the Dauphine, but since I booked a mere two weeks before arrival, I had to take what was still available. The location is great if you want to be near Bourbon Street, as it is only one block away and except for Saturday night, we really couldn't hear a lot of the action once we were ensconced in our room. Definitely worth it for the cost. NOT for those who are more comfortable with standard accommodations that are offered at Marriott, Omni, etc. ABSOLUTELY for those who are looking for something a little different than what a chain property would offer. Definitely try to get a room that does NOT overlook the main street.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>itrevino
<Content>Love this Hotel - Traveler from Houston , Tx. The Dauphine Orleans was recommended by a co-worker, I book a room in hopes that I would be as pleased as he was. David the front desk clerk was very busy, yet very personable and pleasant. Our room was very nice, and clean. The beds are awesome, the bath room was small but the over all experience was at the hotel was great. Parking was expensive, but everything was within walking distance and we did not need to take our car anywhere. I will stay there again on my next trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>MargaritaMom2007
<Content>The Dauphine Orleans was a lovely surprise After booking our trip, I happened to read the review about falling ceiling tiles, bad plumbing, etc and went into a complete panic. When we arrived, we were very happy with our choice - it is a lovely, small, boutique hotel (we like waking up knowing what city we are in - unlike the Ritz Carlton or a Marriott or any one of those big places where you can't tell where you are because they all look the same!) in a great location - near everything, but away from the craziness of Bourbon Street.Our King room was large, light and immaculately clean. The bathroom was sparkling marble and mirror - and completely functioning. Breakfast wasn't amazing, but was certainly acceptable ... especially if you have an early morning tour. Fresh fruit, yogurt, hot and cold cereals, all sorts of breads and pastries - even a waffle machine! Everyone from the front desk staff to housekeeping was pleasant and very accommodating; I find it hard to believe that they were unresponsive to problems and complaints. In fact, administrative staff was very visible and I would not have hesitated to speak up if we'd had a problem. Go to New Orleans - they need us there! Stay at the Dauphine Orleans and be sure to stop in at May Bailey's for a late night cocktail - it's a delightful spot!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ilse1959
<Content>Average accommodations Dauphine Orleans Hotel 7/2007When I think of Dauphine Orleans Hotel I think average accommodations. Our room was clean and the linen was of good quality. The staff was hit or miss. We were told that a bottle of Champagne would be delivered to our room in honor of celebrating my husbands 50th but it never arrived.The location was great just a very short walk to Bourbon Street. The price through Orbitz was a good deal (Hotel/Air).The breakfast was adequate but they seemed to dissemble the spread early so no sleeping in if you want the breakfast and there is no public bathroom on the main floor where the breakfast is served. There is a bathroom in Mae Bialy鈥檚 the bar lounge that is across from the breakfast area but it doesn鈥檛 open until later than breakfast time. So if you need to use the restroom you have to go back to your room.The pool area is very quaint and a nice place to sit and relax.I would stay at Dauphine Orleans Hotel again I don鈥檛 think there is a better deal in The French Quarter.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mskbare
<Content>Loved the Dauphine Orleans!       Room pic  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>BabsSC
<Content>Great Hotel! I told the front desk staff I would write my version of my stay at this hotel, as I had read so many unflattering reviews. I even created a post on TA I was so worried about my choice.Well, the hotel seems to have put away all the electrical wires, buckets, falling tiles....I saw NO evidence of that anywhere.This is an old building which bring along a few idiocrincies. We were on the 4th floor and had to flush the toilet twice at a time. Didn't ruin my trip!The beds are comfy...my only complaint was that I did not get the balcony room as requested. Was traveling with hubby and my Mom and didn't want to make a big deal out of it. Our view was of the pool which was just fine...The breakfast was great and the staff who runs it are wonderful. You get a few welcome drink next door at May Baleys (sp?). Yeah!Loved our stay and don't worry about this hotel (at least from my point of view).  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SushiMartini
<Content>Brrrrr! If you want to stay in a quiet place, yet still be in the middle of everything (and only a block away from Bourbon), I highly recommend the Dauphine Orleans. When we arrived, we were pleasantly suprised to find out that we had been upgraded to a jacuzzi suite (I had requested a courtyard king). When we got to our room, I was impressed with how nice it was. The suite had a very comfortable king-size memory foam mattress. The jacuzzi room had a lighted vanity--perfect for getting ready for nighttime activities. The actual bathroom was not so nice--it could have been cleaner but then again the building is very old. I will say the maid service was pretty spotty, and I had to steal some toilet paper from the maid cart since they never gave us any refills. I had one, well two, major complaints about this hotel. 1) Cold showers. The hot water heater did not do its job. It was hard to enjoy the tepid temperature of the jacuzzi, and every morning I had to face the prospect of a cold shower. I complained numerous times at the front desk, yet nothing was ever done. 2) The chain inside the toilet broke, and we asked them to fix that as well. Again, nothing was done and we had to rig it with a staple out of a matchbook. Overall, I would recommend the Dauphine Orleans because it is a good value. If you are lucky, you won't have any problems, and you'll be glad you stayed. Would I stay there again? Well, the Hotel Monteleone is a just few blocks away and it's right next to Dickie Brennan's Steakhouse. Plus, they have a rotating bar.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>furtwo
<Content>housekeeping is fantastic my husband and i were looking for a hotel that would make us feel at home, relaxed and not rushed. This was the hotel. They served a great breakfast each morning. The housekeeping staff was very friendly. Our check in and check out was very relaxed and not hurried as in some hotels with the check out deadline. Everyone on the housekeeping staff was absolutely great!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CajunTraveler_7
<Content>Very Disappointed We just returned from a weekend getaway to New Orleans. We chose the Dauphine Orleans Hotel. We had stayed there before Hurricane Katrina in a beautiful, newly decorated new room.After being told there would be no refunds...We arrived to a lobby with ceiling tiles falling down, extension cords for box fans wired through the air conditioner vents, dirty room with blotched ceilings that were poorly patched, dirty floor in bathroom, ice bucket not emptied, coffee not supplied and poor air conditioning.Upon speaking with other guests, we found a couple that had changed rooms twice in one stay due to faulty air conditioning.I understand what New Orleans went through for the hurricane, however, if a hotel is not prepared to open completely renovated they should not open at all. This gives a poor idea of progress being made in New Orleans, which is not fair because many establishments have been successful.We will return to our beloved New Orleans, but not the Dauphine Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	3	

<Author>Judarell
<Content>Not Bad. The hotel is in an ideal location, a few walking blocks from Bourbon St, just away enough from the action to have a good night's sleep. The lobby is small yet welcoming, and staff was very friendly. Bell hop went out of his way to have a taxi wait for us that was scheduled to take us back to the airport. The room we had faced a brick wall, so there was no sunlight at all. Unfortunately there were no other rooms available that weekend to upgrade to. The room itself was very small but it suited our needs, which was basically to have a clean place to relax and to sleep. I would probably stay in a nicer hotel next time, but for the price it was okay.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>geddon22
<Content>Charming Hotel       Red brick in our bedroom  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>fotodude
<Content>Great Price Through Travelocity TURN-ONS: Price (fantastic deal w/airfare on Travelocity), location (quiet, safe area one block from Bourbon Street), fairly large clean room w/partial view, comfortable beds (TempurPedic but not the foam type - these were still very comfy), beautiful marble bathroom, good (free) continental breakfast, robes, complimentary champagne for our wedding anniversary (a very nice touch), the shower water is filtered, beautiful bar (May Baily's) w/great bartender and free drink coupon given at check-in, hot tub available across the street.TURN-OFFS: Tiny lobby, small pool (normal for FQ hotels), small courtyards, has a FQ vibe but everything looks worn out and shabby rather than authentic FQ patina, one day our room wasn't cleaned; although supervised by a valet attendant, the elevators to rooms are located in the parking garage open to the street (possible security hazard although we experienced no problems), our air conditioner dripped onto our carpet (not a biggie though), no exhaust fan or circulation in the bathroom, the room had only one painting and a mirror in the living space - a couple more art pieces would dramatically improve the look and feel. We had to call the desk to find out how to turn on the shower.When we stay in the FQ, we expect a FQ hotel to have that FQ feel and patina. We enjoyed our stay at the Dauphine Orleans but it was definitely several steps down from the Maison Dupuy (our favorite.) Considering the great deal we found w/airfare from Travelocity, it was well worth the few shortcoming of the hotel. Would we recommend the Dauphine Orleans? Sure, as long as one understands that this is an old historic FQ hotel and that it (like all others) has some shortcomings.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>teeny78
<Content>great location and that's mostly it... we stayed at the dauphine because of a great deal we found on travelocity. i went to tripadvisor to check out other reviews and i must say i was a bit concerned...but for these reasons i decided to submit a review.location: this was our main draw. the location was great! you're one block away from bourbon street and it is not noisy at all.staff: the guy who checked us in was not friendly - he acted like he was performing an unpleasant chore and had a bad attitude. however, everyone else was friendly. i especially loved our housekeeper - she was very sweet and was the only who really wanted to make our stay there worthwhile.rooms: our room was huge (i still think we got the wrong room but that's not something to complain about!)...it was outdated and dark with a lovely view of a roof. if anything i thought the room was average and it's not like i was expecting the ritz. i did not have any problems with the beds - the mattress was comfy and i slept very well. our bathroom was pretty big and here's where we find my biggest complain: the water. it's soft water and it's awful and it feels like the soap and conditioner has not washed out! one thing that was a pleasant surprise was their bath products - they smelled super good!breakfast: the first morning the breakfast was ok...nothing extraordinary. however the second morning, i had some milk and it was bad. i couldn't believe they were serving spoiled milk! that pretty much ruined my desire for touching anything else there.overall i would definitely stay there again (especially bc of the location)....i mean it is nola and it's not like you're going to stay in your room for very long. the room was decent and not a deal breaker.also if you're looking for something good to eat after coming back from bourbon stop at deja vu. it will surely satisfy your cravings after drinking all those hurricanes!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>miffycalifornia
<Content>Convenient location, old rooms and bad service by 1 single guy I stayed at the Dauphine Orleans Hotel because of the generally good reviews I read on Orbitz, TripAdvisor etc. The location is great, smack right in the middle of the French Quarter, though the hotel is old and not gitzy, it is kept tidy and relatively clean. The French Quarter's known for its old buildings, so I took it in my stride when the bottom of the toilet's cracked and exposing some weird colorations.The porter's are friendly, manager's are fine, but I have a bad experience with a young guy behind the desk. Approaching him for help to look up my delayed flight time is met with reluctance and eventually no help. It was very bad attitude and I wonder why he's there.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>VLSchaap
<Content>Loved it! The Dauphine Orleans was a wonderful hotel. It was very charming, and showed the culture of New Orleans, without being outdated. The beds are incredibly comfortable. The breakfast is amazing for Continental. The welcome cocktail is great. Get the hurricane here, because the ones on Bourbon Street are Kool-Aid compared to the lounge. The one minor problem we had was resolved quickly. The staff bent over backwards to accommodate any request we had. It's location is it's strongest selling point...right in the middle of everything, close to Bourbon St., but NO NOISE!! Just amazing.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>WINolagirl
<Content>50/50 I would give this hotel a good review for the most part. There were things I loved and things that really need improvement. When I entered the room I was very disappointed. It was dark and the carpeting was very dirty and sticky. Bedding could be updated. The elevator was filthy and really needed a good cleaning. Now for the good. They have Temperpedic mattesses on the beds. It just does not get much better than that. Also loved the bar. Great bartenders and wonderful atmosphere. People staying at the hotel were also very nice and friendly. I miss the mural in the garage and breakfast room. I think it was a big mistake to paint over them.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>clyman
<Content>Nice hotel, nice staff, nice cat My second stay at this hotel was even better than the first. Excellent location, clean rooms, great beds, good expanded continental breakfast. This small hotel has been remodeled and is much improved. The baths are lovely, room was large, courtyard very attractive. Housekeeping was good and services fast, friendly, and attentive to all our requests, including cabs. This is an old hotel and not perfect, this IS the French Quarter, but for the money and location, I wlill continue to stay here when in NOLA. I love breakfast and snacks at the Deja Vu. It is not trouristy and can be loud and funky, a local hangout that allows smoking as it is a bar open 24/7. Almost next door is the Louisianna Bistro, great for dinner. You are very close to finest old and new restaurants and one block from Bourbon St. The only drawback for the particular room we stayed in was that the bathroom fan did not work, no biggie, but an alert to perfectionists. We loved the little friendly cat who appears to live on the premises at street level, not in the room area if you are concerned, just hanging out at the lobby and parking area. Staff loves her and it's that kind of place. I highy recommend this hotel for a comfortable unpretentious stay.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CMW3333
<Content>Charming and Wonderful! I just got back from a fantastic week-end in New Orleans and loved the Dauphine. I stayed in room 110 which was like having my own cottage with front porch. It was in the courtyard which was so pleasant. My friend stayed in room 104 which was also in the courtyard, except up a flight of steps and smaller room- but with a fantastic bathroom. The staff were friendly and helpful and you can't beat the location.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>title63dick
<Content>In a word....dump. Stayed at Duphine during Mardi Gras 2007, booked through Orbitz. I've stayed in many hotels in Nawlins  this has been the worst. Elevator would get stuck, it was a roll of the dice if you had hot water in the shower and even then the water pressure was very low, we were on our own getting a cab, took forever to check our luggage  then when we came back to get our luggage they just sent us to a closet to retrieve our own! Room was small and the bathroom too. I've stayed in nicer motel 6's. There are many better places to stay.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	1	1	

<Author>Nomad Rose
<Content>Good location, good value for the money Having read the previous TripAdvisor reveiews, we didn't know what to expect. However, we found the hotel to be well worth the money. The location could not have been better; we had a nice room that was clean and well maintained while we were there. Our only issue is that twice we asked the desk attendant to arrange for a taxi for us and twice he failed. As it turned it, it was just a minor annoyance but be sure you make arrangements for your airport transportation in advance.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bama_girlx2006
<Content>No Complaints Here! I had read a few reviews prior to staying at the Dauphine (but after I had already made reservations) and I was a little concerned. However, I was 99.9% satisfied with my stay.The location cannot be beat. One block off Bourbon Street so its close enough to stumble home at the end of the night but still nice and quiet once you are ready to sleep. There is a great little diner (okay...its a bit dark and tacky, especially late at night) right across the street called the Deja Vu, but they do offer delivery and takeout, and I highly recommended the Southwestern eggrolls for those late night munchies!Our room was clean, nicely appointed (I mean, I've stayed in Sheratons and Hiltons that were comparable), and the beds were unbelievably comfortable! The bathroom was marble and as nice as any name-brand hotel I've ever stayed in (and I travel a lot on business). I thought the ice machine was very cute. They had a full size upright freezer in a closet in the hallway, and inside were little baggies of ice (maybe a half gallon in size) stacked on the shelves! It was re-stocked every day, so our makeshift cooler (a large garbage can in our room) stayed nice and full of ice! The only complaint I have, and it was only on one day, was the maid service. Each day, the maid service manager would come by, knock on the door, and check to see that our room had been cleaned to our satisfaction. One day, the maid (who spoke zero English) came by, cleaned the room, took all of our dirty towels, and left no clean towels! And this was the one day the maid service manager didn't stop by. We called down to the front desk, but the towels never came. We finally had to call and fuss a little, but we did finally get clean towels. The maid did put clean sheets on the bed each day which you don't even find in chain hotels these days. Before this trip, I looked and looked for something that would tell me how the French Quarter's atomosphere was since Katrina, and I couldn't find anything! So I will tell anyone who is interested that I found all the clubs and bars and restaurants to be just about back to normal. The crowds were about what I remember for January (me and my girlfriends go to New Orleans every January and have for 8 years in a row now), everything is open, and I saw no effects from Katrina (even in the ride to and from the airport). I also felt safe in the Quarter as the police were standing tall on about every third block or so.I highly recommend the Dauphine!! It ain't the Ritz but for the price and location, it is perfect!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>StillThePrettiest
<Content>Well worth it I stayed in the Dauphine last week, during my first visit to New Orleans. We especially loved the courtyard in the 'Patio' side of the premises, and the rooms were large, comfortable and pleasant. Staff were friendly and ready to help; when the heating stopped working on our second evening we were offered a room change, and someone was there within ten minutes to help us move our things. The ample breakfast was also a plus, and the attendant there very friendly. Gorgeous huge soft beds!I'd stay here again.Good: period buildings, friendly staff, central location (but still pretty quiet), large and elegant rooms, robes, facilities, breakfast, parking.Not so good: room slow to be made up upon arrival, and then the next day; parking charges not prohibitive but could be more reasonable, heating stopped working (though problem addressed promptly and satisfactorily without argument, as noted above).  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>IndianapolisNOLA
<Content>Cool Place to Stay!               
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Cubzter
<Content>Dauphine Orleans = Jekyll and Hyde       The shower with soft water and marginal water pressure  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	2	1	

<Author>big_yammysammy
<Content>Great Beds We stayed there for a Saints game. The front desk seamed confused and had the wrong price for our room, but they fixed it. Wonderful beds, free breakfast with hot waffles and robes in the room. They also offer a discount for military (call the hotel directly). We plan to stay there again. P.S. afer reading other reviews I was a little worried about security, no one tried to break in and rob us.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place I stayed at Dauphine Orleans Hotel during my vacation in late Aug. We were unable to leave before Katrina hit New Orleans. The hotel staff brought their families to the hotel and weathered out the storm with the guests that where left behind. They where wonder to each and everyone of us! The staff really helped us all during the worst moments of our lives! Thank You!!!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Marie12361
<Content>Watch your wallets! In response to some of the reviews I've seen, just a heads up - my husband and I had our wallets stolen, in the middle of the night, by the staff, WHILE WE WERE IN BED ASLEEP. The hotel manager nor the cops believed us - they made it sound like we just got loaded on Bourbon St. and lost them - but I'll never forget that woman's face that sauntered in and lifted our wallets casually off of the night stands - and I'll never stay there again. Ever.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>RUBITH
<Content>Great hotel for the price We loved our stay at the Dauphine. The room was simple, but clean. The courtyard and small pool were a bonus since it was about 100 degrees. What do you expect in August? The staff were nice and accomodating. The hotel is located 1 block from Bourbon Street, so close enough to stumble back to the hotel with ease and far enough not to get the noise. I travelled with 3 other women for a girls weekend out and we felt very safe.We went on two walking tours--the ghost and vampire tour and the cemetary and voodoo tour. Both were ok. Take lots of water and expect hot, hot, hot weather especially on the cemetary tour.Great trip. Would stay at the Dauphine again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KarenAnnP
<Content>Dead bolt lock does not work!!! We stayed recently for one week on vacation at the Dauphine. Security is a very big issue. On our last night, I was awakened about 6:00am hearing my room door opening. I could see light coming in from the hallway. Scared half to death I froze in bed, soon the light went away...maybe i had coughed or something and scared the person out. When I was able to get up, I looked out the peephole and saw a mans face looking back,his hand was reaching for the door again so I hit the doorknob,he jumped back and took off. Mind you the deadbolt had been locked when I went to bed. Maybe someone has a pass key?? Management was informed, but did not seem too bothered by this. The rest of the stay had been great. Beds were comfortable, gracious staff and wonderful extended breakfast. The stay would have been perfect except for the probable thief. Next time I would stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>in2txtv
<Content>Will you be the next victim? This hotel has a lot of potential, but a few hiccups keep me from recommending it. First and foremost, you should know security does not appear to be a concern here. We never once saw a security guard. Anyone can walk in off the street, hop on an elevator (they're outside, so you don't even have to enter the lobby ... weird setup) and have free access to guest rooms. Crooks apparently know it, too. While we were there, we were told a man walked into one of the rooms and helped himself to some of the guests' belongings. The maids make it easy because they clean multiple rooms at the same time, leaving all the doors wide open. Another problem was the surly front desk staff. They seemed horribly bothered if you asked for anything in person or on the phone. The night clerk was the worst ... I overheard her whining about a pair of guests who had complained because they were placed in a room in need of repairs. She told another employee, I don't have to help them. I don't have to do anything for them. I can just tell them to they need to check out and find some place else to stay. Great. Service with a snarl. Also, the elevators are rickety, as previously mentioned, and they close without warning. There were some pluses. Our room was very nice and modern. It appeared to have been recently redone. (The older rooms are on the same side of the building as the lobby, FWIW.) The water purifier in the bathroom was a nice touch. The best part of staying at the Dauphine, though, is the breakfast. Bernice puts out quite a spread: fruit, pastries, cereal, yogurt, hard-boiled eggs and hot and cold beverages. You can also make your own waffles. Afternoon tea is OK ... hot and cold tea, plus some cheap, store-bought cookies. The pool is nice (and underused), and the workout room has a good mix of equipment ... thought it was a bit outdated. Also, the hotel has recently added free wireless Internet throughout the building. So, if the management addressed the security issues and the sour staff, this hotel could be a really great place to stay. Until then, there are plenty of other options in the French Quarter ...  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Scrlet62
<Content>Privacy, French Quarter feel We spent two nights at the Dauphine Orleans in one of the patio king suites with jacuzzi. The atmosphere of the hotel is very French Quarter with the courtyards and old architecture. Our patio suite had exposed brick walls, exposed wooden rafters, brick fireplace/chimney, old French doors, with a king size bed, jacuzzi, walk-in closet, and small refrigerator in the room. There was no shower in our suite, which was a little inconvenient. The bed linens and towels were nicer than average hotel quality, and there were nicer toiletries and coffee in the room. The privacy was great -- we heard NO people except the housekeeping staff in an apparent utility room next door around 10:00 in the morning. The hotel is on Dauphine Street, one block off Bourbon, so is convenient for walking around the French Quarter but quieter than the partying on Bourbon. We did hear some street noise from motorcycles during the night. The staff was nice, valet parking is on-site, there is a small pool, and the courtyards are nicely planted and cared for. The complimentary breakfast was better than chain hotels, with waffles, bagels, fruit, cereal, all kinds of sweet rolls. We had a complimentary drink in May Bailey's Place, and there were light snacks available. There is a 24/7 fitness room and a small library with books that guests may take with them. We enjoyed our stay, we are picky but we like the old historical feel, and we would stay at the Dauphine Orleans again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tranquilbl
<Content>Very Comfortable I stayed at the Dauphine Orleans July 24-29 with two kids 9 and 8 and my mother. The hotel is very accomdating for kids. There is a video game console at an extra charge. Breakfast in the morning was good with waffels, coffee, pasteries, fruit, boiled eggs, and Juice. It was very nice. The breakfast room is a bit small but if you ate early you could get a table. The Swimming pool was small but refreshing and the kids swam there everyday and loved it. We saw many families at the hotel. The staff was very kind and helpful. The rooms were clean and the maids did a great job. The bathrooms look like they were updated recently and were pretty with Marble. This is not really a luxuary resort or a budget hotel but it is somewhat in the middle it has a lot of perks and is in the french quarter. I would recommend to anyone especially with families to stay here. It is also close to the street cars and the wax musem.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay The Dauphine Orleans Hotel is the perfect place to stay when visiting New Orleans. It is just one block away from Bourbon Street but very quiet. It is also in walking distance from everything - Canal Street, Harrah's, the Riverwalk, French Market, etc.The staff is friendly and attentive. However - it took awhile for the room to be cleaned. We would leave in the morning to walk around and would come back around noon to find the room had not be cleaned. The room itself was nice but showed it's age. The furniture looked like a dated Marriott. The bathroom was small but functional. The water purifier was a nice addition. The bed was comfortable with plenty of pillows. Watch out for the elevators! They were slow in arriving but the doors closed almost immediately. Overall this was a great place to stay. We are planning on staying here again in December.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dauphine Orleans a good, friendly hotel in the FQ The valet staff you meet first coming into the Dauphine are all friendly and professional, leaving a good first impression. The front desk staff is friendly and efficient and houskeeping brought us any requested items in 5 minutes or less of the phone call. The breakfast is extensive and filling with various pastries, fruit, yogurt, make your own waffles, juice, coffee, tea, etc. We were in New Orleans for an extended weekend trip of four college friends and the double/double room was large enough to accomodate all of us without feeling cramped. The bathroom had nice amenities: filtered water and a massaging shower head but no counter space at all. The towels are large but not particularly soft and the bathrobes provided were not too heavy for the July heat. There is no fan in the bathroom so we took cool showers or left the door cracked. The beds are comfortable with down pillows and body pillows. The hotel overall shows some wear but everything was clean and presentable. Our only complaint was the elevators which are small and hot with no air circulation at all. The location is great: only one block off of Bourbon St. and quiet at all hours. Overall, staying at the Dauphine is a good value and a thoroughly pleasant experience. I will definitely consider staying here on my next trip to NOLA.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>phatty42
<Content>Enjoyed the Dauphine, but beware We recently stayed overnight at the Dauphine - due to plane problems, my 20 year old daughter ended up there alone for one night. Never having been to New Orleans, I was a little worried, having read alot about the crime there. She ended up feeling very safe at the Dauphine and in the surrounding area. The rest of us checked in the next night, and after some initial confusion on the room rates, we ended up enjoying the motel very much. (Make sure you bring your confirmation as they had us paying $15 more/night than the confirmation stated) The beds are great and the breakfast was yummy. Yes, we could have stayed in the Sheraton for the same price, but it's more fun staying in a place that reflects the character of the location. Be warned, however - all of the travel sites I'd visited stated that the motel offers free shuttles within 3 miles of the motel. That was the main reason we selected the Dauphine. We were told after we'd checked in that there's been a change of management and the shuttles are no longer offered, which resulted in our having to pay $60 (5 people at $12/head) to travel the 2 miles to the cruise port! Ouch!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Fine Hotel Spent two days in the French Quarter at this hotel. The room was across a small street in the Patio section up one flight of stairs and overlooking a small, well kept garden with fountain. The room was large, clean and the air purfied with a cleaner atop the tv. Bathroom and sink area were adequate but they had recently removed a small refrigerator and didn't fill in the gap. The parking was convenient and an extra $18.00/day, less than the $26.00/person shuttle cost from the airport. Free complimentary breakfast, free drink coupon at the hotel bar and happy hour food. Very nice hotel in a convenient, quiet location just across from the fantantic Bayona restrauant and a short walk from Arnaud's.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Dauphine Orleans. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed talking with the bartender Jeffrey who makes a potent hurricane in the attached May Bailey's Bar. Our room was very clean and comfortable. The location is great-1 block from Bourbon St but in a quiet neighborhood. It is a very good value hotel-They offer a complementary cocktail, eve hors d'oeuvres, afternoon tea and a very bountiful breakfast buffet. Don't miss 2 great restaurants while there-Petunias and Muriels.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JennyS23
<Content>Mardi gras It has been awhile since we stayed but wanted to give my opinion. My hubby and I stayed here for Mardi Gras. Went wanted a larger room (French Quarter rooms are small, 9 Mardi Gras has taught us something) so we opted for one of the suites. It was great, if you can ask for 111, it is right next to the bar and still has the red lights hanging outside from its days as a brothel. The room had a huge bed several closets, one bathroom with standup shower and toliet and other bathroom has a vanity and HUGE jaccuzi tub. It does have a old smell but we knew it would so we brought candles (we always do). Took care of it in no time.The neat thing about this room, you have your own entryway. One door then a flight of stairs and then your door. WORD OF CAUTION: there is a maintenance closet by the room door. Only saw 2 people go in, but our room door was open, did not know about the closet. Needless to say if you leave the room door open be careful of how you are dressed :) Bar was good, location great, people great, parking expensive but every hotel jacks up prices during the Gras. I would recommend the room we had 100%  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run down hotel, location only plus I stayed at the Dauphine for a long weekend over New Years. While the location was great, the rooms were run down, and the elevators were very tempermental. We had to pry the doors open on numerous occasions. The breakfast was mediocre and the pool area and bar were cute. I would not stay here again. Walking through the french quarter I noticed many other hotels that appeared to be alot nicer. The Ritz had the same nightly rate as the Dauphine, had I only known... While the online rate for the Ritz was high and showed no available rooms, if you call up, they are very gracious and have rooms set aside. Give that a shot, or anywhere else...  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>HondaEX90
<Content>Perfect location My friend and I stayed at the Dauphine for Spring Break 2005 in New Orleans. We are young women traveling by ourselves so safety was a real concern. The Dauphine is located down a fairly deserted street, but it is well lit and you can see Bourbon from the windows. There is an eclectic diner across the street calle Deja Vu and it stays open 24 hours. The only good place to get food at 2:00 am when you're staggering home. We loved the room, you get about 6 pillows (including a body pillow) per person. Each room has an air purifier that not only cleans the air but provides white noise so any little sounds outside are muffled. We felt safe enought to sleep with the window open (we were on the 3rd floor) most nights when it was cool out. The parking is some of the cheapest around at only $18/day and it is covered and valet kept so your car is under constant gate and key and human supervision. The staff will go out of their way to accomodate you. We had a cooler that needed ice and to be drained as we were leaving and the bellman/valet parker drained it, filled it with ice, put plastic down on my seat in the car, and was friendly enough to give directions. We tipped him well. We did Bourbon street last year for spring break and stayed at the Ramada of Gravier. It was a trash hole and we will never go back. The Dauphine is reasonable, beautiful, historical, and close to the action, but not so close you can smell the yucky smell of Bourbon street, nor can you hear much music drifting over at night. No place is completely safe and everyone should watch their backs in New Orleans - it is one of the most dangerous cities in the world but that is a well-covered-up truth. I love the Dauphine very much. The hotel bar is nice too, May Bailey's place. You get a certificate for a free drink at the bar when you check in. I wouldn't stay anywhere else after having stayed at this wonderful hotel. We loved it.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, location, location Never having stayed in New Orleans I cannot compare Dauphine to any other hotel, but I have traveled extensively throughout the U.S., Mexico, Europe and can compare to hotels in other areas. I would have to say that the location of the Dauphine can't be beat, close enough to walk to just about everywhere. The people throughout every area of the hotel could not have been nicer, friendly, helpful and all around nice. The bar was delightful, great bartenders, that made some of the best drinks we had throughout New Orleans, the bar is dark but pleasant, the breakfast in the morning was great, fruit, cereals, muffins, sweet rolls, waffles you cooked to order, juices and coffee, they have tea and coffee in the mid afternoon if you are around. Now the rooms, unfortunately, the rooms left something to be desired. There were 7 of us and we all requested rooms with a view, but I guess not soon enough, we were in the main hotel, and I understand the patio rooms are much better. Though our rooms were clean and maintained each day they alway appeared dingy. The lighting is terrible, though 3 lamps, very dark, the room very small and the bathroom, though redone, was done poorly. However, in defense, the shower was fine and the pillows on the bed were great. All in all other than the size, dinginess of the rooms everything was great. The rooms definitely needed an update. I would have to say it was a bit overpriced with my comparisons, but then we were in the French Quarter. We had three rooms not all near each other like requested and the bill for 4 nights came to around $3,300. The amenities, location and people made the hotel. I would rate it about a 3 1/2. I would definitely upgrade the rating if they update the rooms. Some of the reviews just before we left were a bit scary but none of what we had read was true.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than the Reviews, but not 5 Star We just returned from New Orleans last week. We have been there two other times and stayed at the Maison Dupuy. There were 8 of us so we decided to try something a little different. We all had courtyard rooms. Our room was very nice, but not $195 a night nice. The courtyard was also pleasant and we had a great time having drinks in the hot tub. Overall this is a nice hotel, great front desk people but it needs updating to charge the rates they do. The rooms were clean and the location was great. I would stay here again but not at such a high rate.  There is a restaurant on the corner, dejavu - Great sandwiches open 24 hrs. Do not eat at Petunias on St. Louis. Terrible service/terrible food. Make sure to have a few hurricanes.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PMedMoe
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Bar       View from our window  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay for the price My husband and I stayed four nights at the Dauphine Orleans. I was concerned before arriving because reviews on Trip Advisor were mixed. We chose the Dauphine because 1) hotel selection was limited due to a conference and 2) we had a tight budget. I was able to get a standard room for $120/night through the Dauphine's website. Our room was in the main part of the hotel, not a courtyard room. Our room was very clean. The bathroom had recently been redone with large marble tile and a jacuzzi tub. Water pressure was good and there was plenty of hot water. Every room has french doors opening up to the outside. Our french doors opened to a brick wall. There was no view, but it was nice to be able to open the doors for fresh air. The front desk staff was friendly. The pool appeared clean. Parking is onsite in a secure garage and is $18 daily. The location of the Dauphine is well located in the french quarter. Overall I was satisfied with the experience, but I would not stay there for more than $120 per night. Nor would I stay there for a special occasion or a romantic getaway. It's a very average hotel.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel is a cut above If you can get a room here, and it's in your budget, this is the place to stay. There a numerous amenities I always forget about, little things that make the stay really nice. Like they deliver the newspaper to your door (the Times-Picayune, NOT USA Toady), you get a really nice help yourself enhance continental breakfast (cereal, seasonal fresh fruit, etc.). Also in the afternoon they have Tea which is hot bev in winter, iced tea, lemonade in summer for out by the pool. They put out munchies in bar. They also have on-site parking, if you happen to be driving. Don't know how much it is. Also the location is great, one block off of Bourbon, some nice little bars and restaurants etc. very close by.What they don't have - a huge opulent lobby, a disco, large meeting rooms (they do have one, never seen it), hassles. Check for their special deals, they usually have something. During special events the prices here get really high, but during the slow seasons it's a real bargain.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flipviet
<Content>Dauphine Orleans: Just ok We visited New Orleans in March 2005. We read the reviews on TripAdvisor and decided on the Iberville Suites. However, we could not get 4 nights at the Iberville. So we decided to book the Iberville for 2 nights and look for another similar hotel for the last 2 nights.After much looking and reading TripAdvisor comments, we settled for the Dauphine Orleans because it was about the same price, and it looked, at the time, seems to be about the same as the Iberville. It was not!The Iberville Suites - Great location. We walked the French Quarter from the Iberville with no problems. Very nice room/bed, very comfortable. Staff very friendly. Breakfast is included with hot oatmeal, cook-your-self walfle, yogurt, juices, hot coffee/tea, rolls/toast fruits, etc. In room wired internet access is $13 from midnight to midnight (1 day). I preferto have wireless access.Dauphine Orleans - Great location. Just down the street from the Iberville. Very friendly staff. Breakfast is included (same variety as the Iberville). Afternoon tea and sweet at the lounge from 3PM - 5PM. There is a small pool, but the water was too cold. The air vent in the room we stayed in blows the air directly at the head of the bed. So we had to just turn it off and open the window when sleeping. The bed, the sheets and blanket were of a Motel 6 class. It does not have in-room internet access. But does have free wireless internet access from the office, lounge and pool area.Since the cost was about the same between the Iberville Suites and Dauphine Orleans, I would expect that they are comparable. But they are not. I would definitely stay at the Iberville Suites again.I would caution those who may be thinking staying right on, or next to Bourbon street. The street gets very noisy from the evening into the night with lould music from bars and stores and people! Unless, of course, that does not bother you!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>esipfle
<Content>French Quarter Oasis This was our first trip to New Orleans, so we decided to stay in the French Quarter. It was a very interesting experience. We walked through out the French Quarter before checking into our hotel and were amazed at the stench in the streets -- horse manure, sewage, urine  vomit -- horrible  filthy!!! Needless to say, we were very leary about actually sleeping in such a filthy place. However, all our fears were for naught! TheDauphine Orleans Hotel was an Oasis in the French Quarter. A Private courtyard in the center of the hotel, with a lovely pool. A very charming restaurant and bar. And, our room was wonderful. Newly renovated, luxurious bedding, and very beautiful. We were thrilled. We'd expected the Hotel to be as filthy as the streets -- not so -- it was lovely  relaxing.If we ever return to New Orleans (not likely) we would definately stay at this hotel.One hears of the stench in Venice, however we just visited Venice this fall  never encountered any unpleasant smells. We were amazed at the intense stench of the French Quarter. I literally had to cover my nose  mouth with my coat -- I could not breath. These horrible smells were often mixed with the lovely aroma's of the restaurants -- but, who could eat while smelling the STENCH?? I was truly suprized that the city did not clean the streets  deal with the smell. It was so awful that we couldn't breath walking down the street.I'm glad we saw New Orleans, it's a fun city. But, very dirty.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful time--Great location Pleasant surprise. Nice, clean room overlooking street. Only problem was a very slow drain in the tub. Very friendly staff. Continental breakfast very nice--person did a great job keeping it stocked so that everything was available during the breakfast hours. Location is wonderful. Several minutes to Bourbon St. and a short walk to Jackson Square. Just far enough from Bourbon Street to avoid the noise at night. Bar next door a nice alternative when you get tired of the bustle of Bourbon St. Very reasonably priced--If we ever return to the French Quarter, I will certainly stay at the Dauphine Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Muhlyssa
<Content>Staff friendly, location great, solid but not fancy Just returned from a 3 night stay (2/19/05-2/22/05) and overall it was decent. We paid $189 for the Saturday night, and $149 for the Sunday and Monday night. The staff was nice, the location was good. They have discontinued the local shuttle service, so that was disappointing. When you check in your get a free drink coupon which we did not use. The continential breakfast was fine but pretty crowded the two times we tried to go there.The room we had was a bit rundown but it was clean, the bed was big. I liked that there was lots of pillows on our king size bed. The room we had was on the 2nd floor and it faced the parking lot, so it was noisy. The room size was good. Nice magazines in the room, TV worked great. Didn't look in the mini-bar. One of the wood knobs on the closet was completely worn down so it fell off everytime you tried to open the closet.The bathroom was fine, and like another reviewer mentioned, there was not much room to put your tolietries. Our toliet did stick out in a weird way and it does have some exposed pipes.I wouldn't stay here again but if you have simple tastes or simple requirements, then this might be the place for you.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ruined Romantic Weekend I planned a romantic weekend at the Dauphine Orleans Hotel for my wife's birthday. We were just married in December 2004 and I wanted to make her first birthday celebration with me truly special. I booked a suite at the Dauphine Orleans and ordered callalillies as a surprise to start the weekend.Upon arrival, I immediately noticed the peculiar placement of the lounge chairs in the bedroom. After moving the chairs so I could walk around the bed, I found an enormous dead cockroach under one of the chairs. I walked back to the lobby and asked the attendant to please have the room cleaned while I took my wife out for a drink.While I was taking care of this problem, I inquired about whether the flowers had been delivered to the hotel. The attendant informed me that the flowers had arrived but were delivered to the wrong room. The bellman retrieved them from the wrong room and brought them to our suite in a very disruptive manner. Needless to say, the surprise was ruined.My wife and I did go out for a drink and I was determined to make sure the rest of the weekend was romantic and relaxing.After spending some time in the Quarter, we returned to our room and decided to go to sleep early; however, there was a disturbing food-like odor eminating from beneath our pillows that we still have not been able to identify. My wife ended up sleeping on the couch.The next morning we left around 11AM to explore some of the shops on Royal Street. Upon return around 3PM, we were pleased to find that our room had been cleaned. We decided to relax in the room a little while and go out again that evening. Sometime after our arrival in the cleaned room, one of the female hotel staff members barged in on us during a very tender moment. This intrusion definitely killed the mood and was embarassing to say the least.We were trying to recover from this last disruption to our weekend, when we spotted something running around the room. We kept watching and were horrified to find mice running around the hotel room. I immediately called the front desk and told them that we would not stay another night in this place.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible experience at the Dauphine Orleans This was our second trip to the Dauphine Orleans and one that we were so excited about after a wonderful first stay last year. We had stayed at the Dauphine in December of 2003 and had an outstanding stay with them. We were thrilled to visit them once again a year later for our wedding anniversary. I had even written them a letter prior to our arrival stating how wonderful our first stay with them had been. I went out of my way to contact higher management as well to tell them how terrific the hotel and staff had been to us in 2003. With that said, we were expecting our second stay to be just as memorable and romantic. We arrived to a warm welcome and were sent to our room on the second floor. I was a little disappointed at the size of the room since we had stayed in a larger room the year before. Everything seemed wonderful though as we received a knock on the door a few moments later. They delivered a chilled bottle of champagne and anniversary wishes complimentary of the hotel. We were delighted. Our first nights stay was comfortable and uneventful. Upon waking the following morning, we realized we had very little water pressure coming from the the shower head. I contacted the front desk and they said they'd fix the problem a.s.a.p. We left for the day and returned that evening to a note stating that the problem had been fixed by maintenance. We turned the showed on and still only got a very small trickle of water. I called the front desk and they immediately let us switch rooms due to the problem. Everything seemed great and we were even sent to a much larger room on the same floor. The water pressure seemed better but not great and we were then told it could be a universal problem with the entire hotel. We were fine with that since they had done what they could to resolve the situation to our satisfaction. Upon retiring for the night I walked into the bathroom to find dried feces on the toilet seat. We had just checked into our room and neither myself or my husband had used the restroom at that point. I was disgusted. I looked outside the room to see if there was still a maid on duty. The room next to ours was still being cleaned at that point and I told the maid of the situation. She seemed busy and irritated when I told her of the problem. After the toilet was cleaned properly I contacted the front desk to speak with a manager. There was no manager on duty at the time but I was told that he would contact when he came back to the office. A few minutes later he contacted me and seemed as if the situation was not a big deal. He said we could move rooms once again but only offered us one room to look at. Upon looking at this very tiny room we decided to stay in our current larger room. I decided to lay in bed and watch t.v. before going to sleep. As I layed down and pulled the covers over myself I felt something on the bed spread. I turned the light on and to my surprise there were several crusty looking stains on the comforter. I could only imagine what this could be and told my husband we had to check out. He agreed since we were not staying in this hotel if our room had not been properly cleaned. We have stayed in many hotels over the years and I've never ran into anything like this. I expect a clean well kept room at a classy hotel such as the Dauphine Orleans. We contacted the manager once again and told him that we had to check out. He said okay and didn't try to rectify the situation any further. When I got home I contacted the hotel via a typed letter. I told the head of the hotel what had happened and after 3 months have still yet to hear back from anyone regarding our last stay. It's a shame that we had to experience these things at this lovely hotel. Unfortunately we will not stay at this hotel ever again. It's disappointing to us since our first stay had been so wonderful and memorable. I understand that hotels have problems like this but I would think that the management would at least have sent a letter of apology by now.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chestybushcrusher
<Content>Christmas at the Dauphine My fiance and I stayed at the Dauphine Orleans for Christmas and got an excellent Papa Noel rate. I think it ended up being about $79 a night. Our room was not large, but it was nicely decorated with a lovely big bed. Our room overlooked what once would have been the courtyard, but it is now the parking garage. This created a lot of noise in the mornings when the trash collectors came. We complained about it, but the managment said there was nothing that they could do, and that they have made complaints to the city many times about the loud workers. It was like clockwork everyday at 6AM! Shouting trashmen!So knowing that now, I would suggest a room that is overlooking the street instead. Dauphine Street is very quiet given its proximity to the loud and lewd Bourbon Street. It was great location and we were able to walk everywhere. It ended up being very cold and snowing though on Christmas Eve so we did not fancy walking. Thankfully the hotel offers a free shuttle service to guests, which helps since taxis can be quite expensive.Some of the perks of this hotel were the free breakfast and afternoon tea service. Also there were terrycloth robes in the room. The shuttle service was great and the parking for guests was about $17 a day, which in New Orleans is very cheap!I would say this is a good hotel for someone looking for some extras but not wanting to pay dearly for them. Overall a good experience.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad stay, great location Stayed here through Mardi Gras. Got a standard room, king bed, for about $210 a night which wasn't bad considering the time we were here. Room was on 4th floor, quiet except for creaky hallways and slamming doors. Room was clean and big enough to not trip over each other, bathroom large but needed more shelf space to put your toiletries. Free continental breakfast was good, waffles were excellent!! Didn't try the lounge or tea, had better things to do on Bourbon Street. Best part of hotel was the staff and the location. Everyone I ran into that worked here were the most polite and friendly people I've met at a hotel in a long time. But again, the best part is being one block off Bourbon Street. Gave us a quick exit when things got crazy or we just needed an hour to relax our feet from so much walking. Quick to the parade routes on Canal street and about a 10 min walk to the river front and french market.   Only complaints were that it's a bit rundown, but again, most older hotels in N.O. are. Nonetheless, it was clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay here again as I hear the non-Mardi Gras prices are actually quite reasonable.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lenore_Usher_GTIH
<Content>Well...we had to move hotels Came to N.O. for Jan 23-27, 2005. For the standard Jacuzzi Room across the street, decent price, silly room, scary place. The room was tight, had some recent mechanical fixing being done, the doorknob was 2ft from the floor, (really) and the 6'3 gentleman had to duck to enter. Very dark room, the locked gate sometimes wasn't and sometimes locked you in. Went back across the street, they would do better for another $85/night. Told us of the breakfast, drinks, tea, and shuttle. The gentleman at the desk, was saying the words, but very weary and uninterested. A bright spark was the concierge; he had it together, but was bored as well. The new room was large, well worn, upstairs and in the back of the main building. The in-room safe had a key lock, no other security avail. The woman at the desk said, just take your key with you. The heater worked at 60 and 85 but nothing in-between, the bathroom, tho beautiful was exceptionally cold and the mini-bar had an alarm type thing go off at 7:30ish each morning for 10 mins. Let the desk know they said someone would fix. We were interrupted 6-7 times, people would rattle our door, (so no naps) and the maintenance man came at 7pm, said he had a fire in the laundry, and that the last maintenance man was unlicensed and everything was broken. He talked for another 1/2 hr, then said he had to go home, his shift was over and would be back at 10 am the next day to fix things. Tea was laughable, the room was dark and they made a joke about San Diego women being afraid of the dark and to just turn on the lights. You could heat your own water in your paper cup and use some teabags in the boxes and they had a plate of danish cookies out. The shuttle driver had to be found and then didn't know where 2 streets were in the quarter, mentioned we could have just walked. Mollys was usually closed or the staff missing. The morning after the 2nd night saw the desk clerk and she had no idea there was anything wrong in the room and then said if the maintenance guy said he would come back, then it was already taken care of. We had breakfast out and changed hotels at 11 am, the maintenance man saw us and said he'd be up soon.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>y2flu
<Content>Not worth the price I stayed in a whirlpool suite for $269 a night, and although the room was very nice, it was nowhere worth the price. The wooden beams creak and since our room was downstairs, we could not get a decent night's sleep due to the people walking around on the upstairs floor. Front desk staff seemed bothered and not friendly.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fritkis
<Content>good location Good location, close to everything - but quiet at night. The staff is excellent, very responsive, recommended very good restaurants (get reservations for Bayona!), room clean and good condition. Breakfast okay - good assortment of food but paper plates. The bar was a little sad the night we tried it and don't bother with the tea.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Dauphine Orleans I would agree with an earlier reviewer who gave this hotel a 4.5. We stayed here in October 2004 booked thru Expedia. Our room was standard in the back of the hotel but it was comfortable. The staff was extremely nice from the front desk to the cleaning staff. They have a free continental breakfast which is extensive and includes hardboiled eggs and homemade waffles. The hotel also has a van and will give you a ride if you need it anywhere in the FQ or CBD. They have a nice courtyard and a small pool. Location is excellent. They also have a nice bar and good bartenders (important in N.O.). There are also rooms across the street where some other people with us stayed and they were very nice and overlooked a lovely courtyard. I would recommend staying there or requesting a room overlooking the courtyard in the main building. Hotel is reasonably priced.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Grums
<Content>Great Location My family of 4 adults stayed from December 31 to January 3, 2005. The hotel location is great as it is only one block from the heart of Bourbon Street. We stayed on the second floor in the front so we had a balcony but also noise from late partiers on the street as well as the usual streetsweepers and garbage collection. The room was reasonablely large as it has double beds not queen size. The bathroom was quite nice. The hotel is well used and thus there are details that could be improved on. Light switches that should have been wiped down, balcony door locks that need upgrading, carpets that need cleaning, etc. The breakfast is very good but come early as the line up can be long and there are just not enough seats to go around. We ate every breakfast perched on the pool edge or 4 on a lounge chair. Great little bar though and the complimentary drink is nice as the the snacks. Parking is 18.00 per day. Great location and worth the stay. (Be sure to check out French Street across Canel. Great jazz and blues bars with all the ambiance and talent but less of the noise and crowd of Bourbon Street. Nice reprive.)  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KevinElls
<Content>Love the location, staff nice, great to stumble home to. Nice cool rooms, old world charm, great chill court yard to relax after a day on the town. Breakfast area very nice, good free spread, great service. Never leave the quarter and feel the real New Orleans experience. Why stay in a chain hotel when you can enjoy the quarter. It's not fancy but it's nice.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tocancun
<Content>A great bargain! My husband and I just returned from a 5 day trip to New Orleans. It was a blast! The trip itself was a surprise for my husband's 40th birthday. We got our room for only $99 per night and it was in one of the patio rooms across the street. The room was above average and was cleaned well daily. We also asked for extra blankets and received them. I had called early to get a bottle of bubbly in the room for my husband and it was there chilling when we arrived. Dennis the Concierge is extremely pleasant and helpful. The price of the bubbly was very reasonable also! The courtyard was the perfect place to sit and read the complimentary morning paper with a cup of coffee. Very beautiful, tranquil and peaceful. Had a blast in May Bailey's with Jeffrey the bartender. What a hoot! This is a very intimate and pretty barroom. There is even a sitting area with books you may take to read.Just a couple of thoughts and reviews of things we really enjoyed:Yo Mama's was a great bar and have excellent burgers. Loved the bartenders. Jean Latiffe bar is a must see at the far end of Bourbon Street...very historical and interesting. Loved the French Market...incredible deals. Deanies for seafood. YUM. Won some money at Harrah's casino. Walked by the Mississippi....what a gorgeous walk. Petunia's for breakfast one day. FANTASTIC! Go hungry.This was truly one of the best vacations I have been on. I would recommend the Dauphine for price and LOCATION! Service great and the breakfast is MORE than enough to get you going. Awesome coffee and you must try the waffles!Any other questions feel free to email me.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lucero32
<Content>Do Not get a standard room My wife and I Just returned from a wonderful five days in New Orleans. It was my first time visiting The Big Easy and it surpassed all of my expectations. New Orleans is truly a wonderful city to visit, and from what I am told visiting in December when we did is the way to go.As for the Dauphine, where to begin. We booked our room through Travelocity and got an excellent rate. The room was a standard room so our expectations were pretty basic. Actually, my wife and I are not into spending large sums of money on hotels since we hardly spend any time in the room other than to sleep. As long and the hotel is clean, centrally located, and the staff is friedly, we are happy. We arrived at our room and I was really dissapointed. The hallway (the 2nd floor) reeked of cigarette and bad smelling disinfectant, not a good sign. Our room itself was adequate as far as size but there were a lot of small unsatisfactory details. There was a dirty towel left on our bathroom floor, one of the lights in the bathroom was out, and the remote control to the T.V. wasn't working, and our folding closet doors were falling off their hinges. Not neccesarily big issues, but enough things to give an overall negative impression. We were too tired after a long day of flying to change rooms so we just made the best of it and decided to get to bed early to get an early start in the moring. About 2:00 I wake up shivering, I got out of bed to turn the heat up...nothing. The heater had broken. I put on a sweater and crawled back into bed.The next moring I told the front desk of our situations and they immediatly offered us an upgrade to a suite. Of course, we accepted. They gave us the keys to three rooms and told us to check them out and pick the one we liked best. I think the suite we ended up with was the best suite in the main building. It was a corner suite on the third floor with three windows and two balconies. The sitting area was large, as was the room as a whole. The complimentary breakfast at the hotel is great. Krispy Kreme donuts, cereal, fresh fruit, juice and bagels, and of course Belgian Waffles fresh from the iron. A really great way to start your day off.Overall, our experience in the Dauphine was great. The location of the hotel is fantastic, the staff courteous, a generally nice place to stay for the money. Just make sure you pay the extra money for a suite, or ask for an upgrade, in our case the difference was night and day.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Vanilla1217
<Content>Not the best place to stay.. The Dauphine Orleans is okay. It's in a good location, 1 block from Bourbon St. The room was cozy, except the fact that the beds were hard. I go to New Orleans once a month and I've stayed at many hotels in the French Quarter. There are a couple better ones for this price. I like Place d' Armes (do not get a windowless room), Le Pavillon (this one is not in the French Quarter, but is beautiful), and Hotel St. Marie (get a balcony room, its beautiful). Next time I go to New Orleans, I'm staying at Place d' Armes!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely for any price, but very affordable An excellent hotel. The looks, service, and amenities you would expect at some fancy-shmancy five-star joint, but for realistic prices and with none of the attitude. The room was beautiful and tastefully appointed, the staff was courteous and helpful, and the bar was fantastic. We can't recommend this place enough.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well maintained bathroom, quiet location, good prices I stayed at the Dauphine Orleans December 9 where my rate was $89 on the weekday nights and $119 on the weekends.The bathroom was well-maintained, the sheets/pillow-cases clean, the bed comfortable. Only the carpet was a little worn.Breakfast included bagels, sweet rolls, fruit, and hardboiled eggs. The location was quiet, about a 10 minute walk from Jackson SquareWasn't able to take advantage of the afternoon teaThe staff was very friendlyThey offer a free shuttle service to anywhere in the French Quarter or Central Business District but if you want the true New Orleans Experience you should walk or take the streetcar. A visitor's pass only costs $12 for three days and one of the three streetcar lines goes to most museums, historic buildings, cemeteries, the zoo (with connecting free shuttle van) historic churches, parks in the city including the Art museum, children's amusement park, botanical garden at City Park. A good bus line runs down Magazine Street and another runs up Esplanade Avenue.I will definitely stay here again  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlanaJS
<Content>Nice but not perfect experience We booked a regular room but were given a free upgrade to a suite for some reason we don't know about. Maybe it was slow that week. The suite was like a small cottage that opened up into a beautiful garden courtyard. The room itself was huge and beautiful, with rustic details such as exposed ceiling beams and a fireplace in the middle of the room. It was very private and quiet and we fantasized that this was our own cottage. There were nice touches, such as a large amount of nice towels in the bathroom, and bathrobes, one of which I purchased because I liked it so much. I thought the sheets were above average. My one complaint was that the bathroom only had a jacuzzi tub and NO SHOWER!!! I hate baths so this irked me. Also, the bathroom was in dire need of renovation. There were broken and collapsed tiles around the tub. Be sure to ask about the shower or lack thereof if you book a room. The location is TOP NOTCH!!! Also, the free continental breakfast is way above what you would expect. I would stay there again but make sure my room had a shower. Staff was friendly and the bar is very cool.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, wonderful room My husband and I stayed at the Dauphine Orleans for the first two nights of our honeymoon. We got the Rendezvous Package available on their website. We stayed in Room 111, right over the bar, otherwise known as a bordello room. It was great! The room was big, with a separate living room area, a balcony (sadly, it only looked into an alley), a bathroom with a sink, toilet, and shower, and another bathroom with the makeup mirror and Jacuzzi tub. Room 111 also has a private entryway. We got no bar noise, the maids were great, everything in the room worked like it was supposed to, location was good. Continental breakfast was more than I expected. I cannot say it was an amazing value because of the package price, but we were willing to spend it it on our honeymoon. However, that might not be up the average traveler's alley. The bellboys were fast, I liked the take home library, front desk was helpful. I cannot rate it excellent only because I didn't feel the staff was ready to fall all over themselves helping me, and because it was expensive. I love the place, and will certainly stay there again. I read later in a book that I picked up at the French Market that room 111 was haunted, but we didn't see anything!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great price, amenities, location I'd actually give Dauphine Orleans a 4.5. Not the Marriot, but neither are its' prices.My husband and I stayed in the Dauphine Orleans in early October this year. Got a corner suite that was spacious, well stocked with everything we needed. Concierge was helpful and gracious with planning events, then cancelling them because of the rain from a tropical storm. :) Valets were courteous, and vigilant insuring our stay was safe - personally watched them dispel some shady-looking guys from a doorstop across the road. We didn't drive much, but were pleased with their choice of taxi for our return trip to the airport.Breakfast was always enjoyable and waittresses very polite and helpful. Afternoon tea was a welcome respite from the constant drizzle. The tea room is beautifully painted in Audobon landscapes.Bartender was amiable and helpful directing us to food stuffs and stayed open late tending to other customers the night my husband and I sat outside under an umbrella reminiscing and getting drunk.Location is exceptional. 1 block and across the road from Bourbon Street so an easy walk no matter how intoxicated, but quiet because building across the street serve as buffers. About 5 blocks from Jackson Square, 3 blocks from Canal Street. Old bookstore across the street; convenient grocery store 1/2 block away, and wonderful, odd food available at the Louisiana Bistro 1/2 block away.We'd definitely do it again!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ohiodude
<Content>Good choice in the French Quarter I stayed here for one night when my wife and I visited New Orleans. First, the location is great...a very short block from the action on Burbon Street. At the same time Dauphine street is calm.The place is old, so don't expect the Ritz. But it's nic and it's clean, and there are luxury touches, like bath robes. The staff was kind enough to leave my wife and I a bottle of champagne for our anniversary.Everyone there is very very pleasant and glad to help with anything you need. There may be fancier hotels in the French Quarter, and there may be cheaper hotels in the French Quarter. It would be hard to find a better value than this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOT what I expected! We went to the Dauphine Orleans during October 2004. We had a suite and I was expecting something like what I saw on the website. Our suite was a box with a tiny window overlookinig some industrial part of NOLA. The carpet was frayed and ripped. The couches were horribly stained. The toilet hardly flushed. The sheets were scratchy. (I know I sounded like a snob on that last comment, but I was really looking forward to luxury with my boyfriend, and frankly, I was disappointed.) I got the sense that the larger suites around the courtyard were nicer (and more expensive), but there were no vacancies so I couldn't check it out. The plus side was that our room was large. The location was great. The staff was very nice. We met some wondereful locals at the bar on a few nights. Great people. We had a nice time in NOLA and I just put this initial disappointment behinid me, but if I were to do it again, I would not stay there. Plan your trip early so you have more choices!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>okguy2937
<Content>Great French Quarter Classic This Hotel is it in New Orleans. I work in the Hotel field and believe me - this place spares no expense and gives you your money's worth. Excellent staff and the location is steller. I go to New Orleans frequently and have stayed at 11 different French Quarter Hotels and this one leaves them all in the dirt.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Ever! I spent a week here in early October, joined by a good friend and my 3 year old daughter, and I have to say it was the best hotel I've ever stayed in. It's a beautiful old French Quarter building (the hotel website does NOT do it justice), and our balcony room overlooking Dauphine Street was fantastic - but what truly sets this hotel apart is the STAFF! Incredible! Everyone we encountered, from the front desk, to the breakfast room, to the maids and valets - they were all very, very helpful and went out of their way to make our stay a pleasant one. Initially I feared that New Orleans would not be a good place for a toddler, but it was the Dauphine that made it into a GREAT place for a todder. Some of her favorite places we only found because of advice from Dauphine staff. One incident that really sticks in my mind - my daughter left her pacifier out by the pool, and later that day we actually had a valet spot us walking on Dauphine St and chase us down, just to give it back to her. Incredible!!Thanks, Dauphine, for the beautiful hotel and impeccable service - we'll be back next year! And to those of you who are lucky enough to be planning a stay in the French Quarter now, be sure to have a meal or two at the Quarter Scene, a fantastic neighborhood restaurant that's a short walk straight down Dauphine. We ate creole food all over town during our stay but no place topped the Jambalaya and Pecan Pie at the Quarter Scene!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing to write home about! From the hotel website and after reading reviews I found on this site, I expected a much better class of hotel. It does have a great location. The courtyards were lovely. Other than the front desk, the staff was friendly and helpful. But the hotel was far from exceptional - and definitely not worth the money. Perhaps the rooms in other parts of the hotel were better but our room was completely without charm -just a standard inexpensive hotel room. Breakfast was adequate - nothing special. And tea was just that - tea  a very few store bought cookies.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>3champ
<Content>Fantastic !! We stayed at the Dauphine Orleans from October 11-16 and couldn't have enjoyed ourselves more. The staff and accomodations were first class all the way. We highly recommend the courtyard rooms across the street. They cost a little more but the balconies and beautiful gardens will make you glad you spent the extra money. So pretty in fact that a few weddings were conducted in the coutyard on Friday of our stay. May Baileys is a quaint little bar attached to the hotel and you get a free drink coupon when you check in, be sure not to miss it. We highly recommend Petunias restaurant for a breakfast you won't soon forget. It's only a half block from the hotel on St.Louis Street. You can spend a fortune at the well known restaurants on authentic cajun and creole cuisine, or you could take our advice and try the Gumbo Shop and have some of the best local dishes at a fraction of the prices the  names  charge you. Try the Shrimp Creole, and Gumbo. For dessert, the bread pudding with whiskey sauce will make you glad you were born !! The Cafe DuMond, of course, is a must for the beignets and cafe au lait. Lines can be exceptionally long at peak times, try mid morning or early evening and you won't have a problem. If you find Waylon Thibodeaux, one of the greatest Cajun-Zydeco fiddle players ever, down on Bourbon Street, you are in for a real treat. When you hear Waylon play, you'll know you are in New Orleans. Last tip, Check out the French Market and attached flea market for souveigners before you buy them for 3X the price on Bourbon Street or Decatur Street. They are the same merchandise without the overhead of the high rent areas built in. We learned the hard way !! Have a great time, I know you will love this town as much as we do. I'd be glad to answer any questions you may have if I can as someone was kind enough to answer all of ours while we were planning our trip here, and helped us immensely. Let the good times roll !!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific place to stay in the French Quarter What a great hotel, in a fantastic location. Our room was very comfortable, clean and quiet. It was hard to believe the very noisy Bourbon Street was only a block away. We loved the pool, the courtyard and just about everything else about this lovely hotel. We would recommend it to anyone wanting comfort, privacy and a home away from home in the wonderful French Quarter.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pazman
<Content>Great Stay in the Quarter My wife and stayed here for an extended weekend and really enjoyed the Dauphine. You can't beat the location at one block from the center of Bourbon Street. The valet staff were very friendly and offered shuttle service to anywhere in the Quarter and Warehouse district. The front desk staff were friendly and accomodating. The room was suprisingly large and well appointed with a great king bed. The service staff were respectful of those of us sleeping in and they left the room spotless. Only problem encountered was the leaking air conditioner duct in the bathroom. I've stayed at a lot of hotels in New Orleans and we highly recommend the Dauphine!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Find!!! Great place for a base for New Orleans sightseeing...room was very nice...always cleaned promptly......enhanced continental breakfast hit the spot....Sean(the night clerk) set up a great city tour for us ahead of time, so we could be off and touring as soon as we got in from the airport(Dixie City Tours...only six people and a small van so we got down some mighty narrow streets.) Bellhops were great at recommending restaurants....try Irene's for superb Italian. The Dauphine Orleans was more that we expected...the van service was a real boon since I don't walk distances well.....the pool was great to come back to and cool down after seeing the sights.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Hotel ! After reading reviews of all hotels in the French Quarter, we were prepared for anything. But the Dauphine Orleans was perfect from check-in to check-out. The employees are amazingly friendly, and extremely helpful. They helped plan all of our tours, which turned out to be the best ones the city has to offer. We had a SPOTLESS King room, which was huge (especially by French Quarter standards!) with 2 balconies, marble bathroom with double showerhead, filtered water dispenser, reasonably-priced wet bar, bathrobes, turn-down service, and 1 block off of Bourbon St. Beautiful pool in the courtyard, great breakfast. For $139 a night, we couldn't have asked for any better !  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jenstang25
<Content>great place to stay!!!! my husband and I stayed here from september 9th to the 14th and we loved it! (just barely missing hurricane ivan)...it is in a great location for easy walking to all the attractions within the quarter as well as a hop skip and a jump up to canal street to catch either the canal street streetcar or the st charles streetcar...the hotel itself is clean and comfortable and the staff are super nice and efficient... each morning our room was cleaned and our bed was turned down as well as each and every time we passed a staff member we were asked if everything was ok with our room or if we needed anything...even the guys down in the parking garage were super friendly and wished us a good evening each time we ventured out... the continental breakfast was ok nothing to brag about and consisted of cereals, pastries, waffles, hard boiled eggs, fruits and juices..this is not by far a ritz carlton hotel and if that is what you are looking for i wouldn't suggest going here BUT if you are looking for a quaint, comfortable, clean, afforable, quiet hotel with a convienent location this would be the one! thanks dauphine for making our stay a memorable one!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommended LOVELY hotel, great city. Would absolutely stay here again. Jeffrey, the bartender, way too cynical for this beautiful town and it's people. Could have made our visit to May's much warmer. But everyone else more than made up for his attitude.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MG_Dallas
<Content>The Dauphine Orleans was great! Our company stayed at the Dauphine Orleans while we were in town for the National Safety Council Expo - which was supposed to last from September 13th through the 15th, 2004. Unfortunately, our visit was cut short, thanks to Hurricane Ivan evacuations. However, our entire stay at this hotel was wonderful! The staff was extremely helpful and friendly, and the rooms were very comfortable. We enjoyed the pool in the evening, the wireless internet access in the hotel lobby/pool area, and the hotel's fantastic location as well. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service Super Duper My husband and I just spent our 1-year-anniversary in New Orleans... We had a wonderful time, and in no small part thanks to the Dauphine Orleans! We had booked an online reservation, a budget res, and in our notes had asked for the best room the budget would allow (anniversary and all): well, despite it's being Southern Decadence and very busy, that meant a room with a beautiful balcony, and champagne delivered to the room upon arrival! We were very impressed, and touched: the service overall was simply outstanding. The room was kept clean, the bedding was incredibly comfortable, and the complimentary enhanced Continental breakfast kept me--for the first time in my many years of visits!--satisfied WITHOUT a Cafe Du Monde beignet and au lait for breakkie! My only complaint was the service in May Baily's place: I loved the bar, but at one point felt like I was intruding on the bartender's time when I went to order a drink while out at the pool. I am a bartender too, I know we all have off days (and times) but even so, it wasn't so easy to blow off. Despite this, I will absolutely stay at Dauphine Orleans again!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Dauphine! This hotel was great! We stayed there 2 weeks ago and had a fantastic time. The rooms are a little small but the extras made up for that. Huge comfortable bed with down pillows! Great free breakfast. Also, loved May Bailey's. Great little bar! The staff was excellent. SO NICE and gave us great tips on places to eat and visit. The free van service came in handy on those hot days. The hotel is only a block away from Bourbon but was very quiet. Overall, had a great stay and will recommend this hotel to our friends.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wayward
<Content>Very nice experience- close to everything After visiting New Orleans twice before, the last time being for Mardi Gras in 2002, the French Quarter in mid-August seemed strangely empty. However, finding the Dauphine Orleans made the trip. Only one block north of Bourbon St, three or four blocks from the arts and antiques on Royal, and no more than seven blocks from Jackson Square and the riverfront, the DO's location is superb- and the beds are comfy as well. With continental breakfast, exercise room, morning paper at your door, and outdoor pool, plus parking available (for a price), this is the place to stay in the Quarter, and (at least in the off-season) the rates are very reasonable. Fair warning, though- Dauphine is a relatively quiet street, so if you're looking for the traditional New Orleans balcony entertainment, you're better served finding a room overlooking Bourbon.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient  My boyfriend and I stayed at this little gem two weeks ago. We were not dissapointed. It's conveniently located around the block from Bourbon Street which means you can get a good nights sleep. The bed was extremely comfortable and the staff friendly..great southern hospitality. The free breakfast was great as there were many things to choose from. The free van service was great as well. The driver was friendly and offered suggestions. We found a flat rate of 69/night on Travelzoo---..couldnt get any better for a great hotel in a great location. Definetely recommended unless your looking for a modern hotel.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Dauphine is my choice We first stayed at the Dauphine based on a recomendation from a friend. It is close to the action on Bourbon St, but still very quiet. It is very charming, and the staff was nice. With that said, it is still a french quarter hotel. That means it is a little worn in places and thread bare at times. But this is one of the oldest cities in America. If you are looking for a sterilized, modern hotel, don't stay in the french quarter. This place is about history, romance and charm. My wife and I have stayed here four times in the last two years. We highly recomend it.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MissyK1
<Content>Those who don't love it, just don't get it! One of the most charming, Boutque hotels ever, 5 star amenities, and sevice, The more history the better! Charming Bar/Bordello attatched. The ambiance of the city oozes throughout this little gem! I've stayed in a few Ritz carltons, Orientals, and FourSeasons, and I'll take The Dauphine in New Orleans.Sincerely, Melissa Kinnard  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ally,UK
<Content>Friendly Hotel. Great Location My husband, myself and teenage son spent 3 nights at the Dauphine in early July. We chose the property for both price and location and were not disappointed. The lovely buffet breakfast was a great start to the day, my son especially loved the serve yourself waffles with fresh strawberries. Our beds were luxuriously comfortable and the bathroom, although small, was well appointed. May Baileys was a great place for a quiet cocktail which could be sipped in comfort before taking an evening walk to one of the many great local restaurants. We found the Dauphine to be great value in the heart of the French Quarter and will definitely check their prices if we have the good fortune to visit the city again.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KinerA
<Content>Nice Hotel in the French Quarter My wife and I stayed at the Dauphine Orleans Hotel in May and loved being right in the French Quarter. The hotel included an expanded Continental Breakfast which was a good value for New Orleans. They had waffles, which you made yourself with pre-measured cups of batter. You had two juices to choose from, regular and gourmet coffee plus Sanka and tea and herbal tea. Also assorted cereals with regular and skim milk, fresh fruit and a selection of pastries.There was also iced tea with cookies in the afternoon, which was a nice touch.While you can book this hotel as part of a package from many on-line sites, we wanted a courtyard room and so called the hotel directly. We do recommend the courtyard rooms, but they are slightly higher priced. The courtyard provided a wonderful respite after a day's touring, but if you book a room in the main building if that is your price range, you can still use your key card to go into their courtyard. Either way, we highly recommend the Daupnine Orleans Hotel. Also, this hotel as seems to be the practice, will raise rates every weekend as there is some kind of a festival every weekend. We found out that Sunday nite is considered part of weekend festival rates, and so we scheduled our vacation for Monday through Saturday and had the benefit of the midweek rates. Discounts are also offered and if you qualify this will make this hotel an even better value.We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. When we had our bags taken to our room after checking in, the Bell Man was very helpful in recommending a nice place for lunch. Our room was cleaned thoroughly and disinfected to counteract the high humidity. There is a van to take you to the waterfront area, or the nearby business district, but there was no return pick-up. While this was free, a gratuity was of course expected.We also booked a couple of tours through the front desk, in one case they were able to get the van to stop for us so we could get on the earlier tour. The price was same, and any advertised discounts were honored by their cashier.Eating in the New Orleans French Quarter is not cheap, but during the week there are some coupons, discounts or free bottles of wine. We liked NOLA, Emiril's restaurant in the French Quarter proper, and Bacco, an Italian restaurant. Both were pricey but worth it. For a more economical dinner, we went to Petunia's just around the corner from the Dauphine Orleans. One dinner we had on the steamboat Nachez, and a wonderful ride up he Missisippi River.A lot of activity centers around Jackson Square and the Cibildo, a City Hall type building from the original settlement, which was where the Louisiana Purchase the signed and finalized. There are nearby places for lunch, or supper, and mule-drawn buggy rides on the water side of the park.The other big attraction is of course Bourbon Street. You can choose what you want here, jazz clubs, food and drink, or just walking up and down the street. We found that while they are required to serve drinks in paper cups, the people were very neat and properly disposed of the cups and the street was always clean.We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to New Orleans and the Dauphine Orleans Hotel, and have no hesitation in recommending it for your stay in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charmiing Place, relaxing stay ! This hotel was just great! I don鈥檛 know where to start. When we checked into our room, we were pleasantly surprised to find 8 different pillows on the bed (feather, body, etc.). The bed was very comfortable and we slept as well as at home! The Breakfast was fantastic! Fresh fruit, waffle maker, hard-boiled eggs, beagles, cereal, yogurt even! The best kept secret was the attached bar. The bartender makes killer drinks and was very friendly. He even suggested a locals restaurant/bar that made the best burgers in town! (Port of Call)  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swampduck
<Content>A nice hotel We had a very pleasant stay at this hotel. I was initially disappointed as I was paying extra for a Patio View room and only had a view of the staircase and fire extinguisher, however the Manager adjusted the room rate accordingly for us. The room, though dark, was pretty, cosy and well equipped for all our needs. The Bar (May Baily's Place) attached to the Hotel is simply divine and Amy who manages the Bar was lovely and served us some great cocktails. The Breakfast is also fantastic value. Make sure you take in Petunia's restaurant on the next block and Mr B's on Royal (as long as you're not in a hurry). We did an organised Cemetery and Voodoo Walking Tour which is highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dauphine was perfect! From June 19th to the 25th, 2 single women and an 11 year old going to the big bad city? Could have been a disaster, but thanks to this great little hotel and its very friendly staff, it was an experience of a lifetime. The room and the service were excellent, relaxing, and luxurious. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and even tipped us off to a film shoot around the corner. The beds, the robes, the breakfast, never made it back for tea. They booked our trips for us, shuttled us, and bent over backwards to supply us with info and extra's. My daughter had a wonderful time playing in the courtyard pool while we swam, sipped, and socialized poolside in the evenings. Met alot of wonderful people, Bill, Sharon, T, and Chuck, while the bartender supplied us with beverages of our choosing. The relaxed atmosphere was very condusive to make new friendships and wonderful memories. I'd recommend this place to anyone who doesn't travel alot to guarantee a great experience. The hotel itself was beautiful and historic without being antiquated, the location was great and May Bailey's was alot more sedate and upscale than the Bourbon Street bars. I cant wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointed - room dark,damp and dirty We booked the Dauphine after reading the rave reviews on Trip Advisor. The hotel was a great disappointment - our room was dark, smelt very damp and hadn't been cleaned properly. There were empty beer cans and cigarette butts on our balcony and pools of water on the table. It seems that there are very different classes of rooms at this hotel and it just depends whether you get lucky or not. The rooms around the courtyard looked a lot better - our room was up on the 3rd floor - room 327 - to be avoided!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel was fantastic The Dauphine Orleans was a wonderful hotel to stay at in the French Quarter. The person who made my reservation clearly had customer service as his top priority. Everyone was nice, including our maid who gave me suggestions of places to eat. Rooms are well-appointed and even though the bathrooms were a little small, all amenities were included. I would highly recommend this very centrally located hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aeromama
<Content>Lovin' the Dauphine!!!!!!! :) This little hotel is a diamond in the rough! If you are looking for quaint and private, this is your ticket! Make sure to ge one of the patio rooms. These are across the street from the main hotel and are much more private. Also, the patio room side of the hotel has a hot tub which is seldom used and therefore it's nice to use at night and to have all to yourself. I don't think I would ever want to stay anywhere else. The service and staff were impecable! These rooms are nicer (at least mine was) than the Hilton's that I frequent. If you are looking for old world feel, this is the place! But you get all the luxury at the same time. The rooms have air and water filtration systems, pillowtop mattresses, a body pillow, feather pillows, minibar, fridge, safe, iron, hairdryer, Lord and Mayfair toilettries, a jacuzzi tub with wrapped-around mirrors in the bathroom along with TWO shower heads! Wow! What luxury.. Kudos to the staff.. They made my stay wonderful!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>piz79
<Content>Two thumbs up! We were very pleased with our 3 night stay at the end of May. All staff was friendly and helpful; room was clean and nicely furnished. The ladies kept the breakfast room well stocked and tidy. The front desk was helpful with directions and booking a tour. It was nice to have a van available to take us to places further out. We chose this hotel to get a taste of the Quarter, not to stay at a chain. We would stay here again. Thank you for a nice base of operations for our first trip to New Orleans!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the perfect hotel This was my 2nd visit to New Orleans and I made reservations at 4 different hotels, one of which was the Dauphine. I chose this one, even tho I read a couple of negative reviews, because the bulk of reviews was very positive. I'm so glad I did. From the moment we arrived (5/27/04-6/1/04) the atmosphere and southern hospitality couldn't have been better. The staff was friendly, the room in excellent shape, continental breakfast, afternoon hordeurves  teas were wonderful...just everything - pool  courtyards beautiful. Would I stay here again? Absolutely. The guest bathrobes, turned down beds w/ treats, purified air system was included in the modest price of the regular double room we got. Next time I'd like to stay in one of the suites that adjoins the courtyard with jacuzzi tub. If you're ever in New Orleans, try this hotel...only 1 block to Bourbon St, but far away enough from the noise and close enough to all other sites. A shuttle bus was always available to take us to certain areas in the Quarter. Loved it here...try the Dauphine...it's the best ever.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Best Value in New Orleans This was our first stay at the Dauphine Orleans and it will definitely not be our last! This is the best value for your $ in New Orleans. Our hotel room was clean, and the bed was the most comfortable bed on which I've ever slept. The location was perfect - convenient to everything and QUIET.The staff was extremely helpful and very friendly. Ask Jeff at the bar for a Bloody Mary with extra spicy beans- he makes the best in the city! I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ambivalent about the Dauphine Just came back from spending three nights (Fri, Sat, Sun) at the Dauphine Orleans. Check-in late Friday afternoon and get a bad taste of the hotel right from the start. Given our room key which was for a courtyard/pool view room. We got the courtyard in the buiding across the street from the main building. Up a couple flights of stairs, get to the room and the room had not been made and actually still had personal belongings in it. So it's back down and across the street to get another room - no apologies, just another key. Get into our room and none of the lights work - turns out everything is unplugged including the air fresheneing system they advertise (need to save on those electric bills?). Room is nice enough - exposed brick walls and vaulted ceilings with wood trusses add ambience far beyond any standard chain hotel. A bit on the small side but considering where you are and the age of the buildings - very passable. Jacuzzi tub with a dual shower head was great.Ask to use the advertised shuttle service to take us out to Commander's Palace for lunch and we are met with a deaf ear - no explanation just that they will get us a taxi. (Did take advantage of the shuttle later that evening for a ride to dinner.)Second day into our stay - need more toiletries. Ask to have additional toilet paper and bar of soap delivered - never receive it. Also, my electric shaver dies on me and I have no razor back-up. call the front desk to see if they have anything available and advise that there is a drug store 4 blocks away. Stop in at Mae Bailey's for a drink Friday night. Great atmosphere - but air conditioning is broken. Catherine the bartender says it is being fixed the next day. Air-conditioning is broken all 3 nights.On the up side - the Dauphine's location is terrific. The rooms were fine and had great character/ambience. Mae bailey's was great but a bit uncomfortable.Having spent an average of $190 per night for our stay, I would say that I am less than enthusiastic about the Dauphine Orleans. It seems they are happy with their location but don't really put the service in making your stay enjoyable. Would only stay here again if tehy ironed out the service issues or the rates are dropped dramatically.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swallFayetteville_AR
<Content>Fabulous! This was our first stay at Dauphine Orleans. It was even better than pictured on their web site. We stayed in one of the Courtyard Rooms. The courtyard was heavenly with a fountain and lots of plants, as well as a hot tub and tables and chairs. The room was beautiful especially the bathroom with the jacuzzi tub. The service was great and the parking attendant was especially nice. The location, one block from Bourbon Street, was so convenient and surprisingly quiet. We loved it and highly recommend it. We were there between the French Quarter Festival and the Jazz Festival so the rates were very reasonable.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this place! I have had a bad experience @ historic hotels in New Orleans and was not expecting much. This place was such a relief. Extremely clean and could not ask for better service. I wish I had known about this site when booking in the past. Its worth it to do a little research. But you can't go wrong with this place!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ILoveTexas
<Content>Very Nice Great location, pretty room, and lots of nice amenities: complimentary breakfast, welcome cocktail, tea time. A maintenance problem was handled promptly.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic I had a fantastic time at the Dauphine. We were able to get the king jacuzzi suite above May Bailey's. It was absolutely delightful, the bed was among the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The tub was large, and comfortably accomodated two people. I was most worried about that, and had to get many hotels to admit their jet tubs wouldn't fit two people. There is a small balcony that faces the main building, and was nice to catch some fresh air in the mornings. The front desk guy, Shawn, was superbly friendly, we had a good time joking around. May Bailey's is a wonderful, quaint place and the bartender made reservations for us at an incredible restaurant...Olivier's. I have to grin at folks who talk about how dirty and unseamly NO is. This is not some pristine corporate resort with cabana boys. But if you want a down-home good time, make the trip.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Dauphine Orleans We've stayed at the Dauphine Orlean several times and have always enjoyed it immensely. We especially like the annex across the street, more privacy, closer to the hot tub etc. Also, the Continental brakfast is outstanding and a great way to start the day.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Trackser
<Content>Great for the price Our room was clean and pleasant, and the continental breakfast was first rate -- such fresh fruit! We were in the main building, on the street, but noise was no problem. Albeit, we were there a week after fat tuesday. Other hotels at comparable prices were located 2-3 blocks out of the quarter downtown, and in retrospect, the Dauphine is a great location. The room was nice enough to have spent much more time it in, if there wasn't so much else to experience. The Evergreen air/water cleaning system is a definite plus. Great in-room drinking water! Also it was done up wonderfully each day. Don't forget to tip those maids.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Honeymoon Great Hotel Mardi Gras: What an Experience Went to Mardi Gras for our Honeymoon Stayed at the Dauphine Orleans 6 nights Everything was so GREAT! Location, Personel at hotel were great , Room was in the patio with private courtyard , so peacefull yet only steps away from the total wildness on Bourbon street. Everything Was GREAT  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amrdia
<Content>European Flair We stayed at the Dauphine 02/27/04-02/29/04. This was the week after Mardi Gras. The staff although having survived the hectic period went out of their way to serve us. They were extremely friendly. The rooms in the main buiding were quiet, clean and comfortable. The bar is excellent. The bar tender was Jeffery. He was very competent and friendly. The drinks were potent and reasonable. The hotel is located 1 block off Bourbon in the center, very convenient. They will take you by van within the city limits anywhere you want. The continental breakfast is more than continental. The Inn is very European not a mega resort. You will enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We love the Dauphine Orleans! My husband and I have been to New Orleans a few times, but this was our first trip to the Dauphine Orleans. And it won't be our last. We love this place. From the moment we pulled into the parking garage to the moment we left, we were treated better than any other hotel we've ever stayed at. We were guarenteed a parking place for the busy weekend, which was wonderful. The staff is polite and helpful. you get free welcome drinks in the hotel bar and discount coupons for other places in the area. The rooms are a nice size and the beds have 4 pillows and a body pillow. You get bathrobes and a mini bar too. The amenities are great. The courtyard is beautiful and you can eat the free breakfast out there in the morning. We love this place and can't wait to come back!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Charm! Can't beat the rates! The Dauphine was one of the highlights to our little road trip from Seattle. As it was our first experience in the South, we got loads of the famous Southern Charm from the folks at the Dauphine.We were greeted by sincerely friendly service and a round of cocktails from the lovely bartender. Our cozy rooms had two balconies over looking the courtyard. Don't overlook the stationary stack in the rooms, a surprise proclamation awaits...The hotel is a 2 block trot from Burbon Street and was a perfect escape from a wild night of bar hopping. Secure parking with impeccable window washing service is available prix compris.When we checked out, the hotel let us take a peek at the unoccupied suites in the hotel. This definitely gave us something to look forward to for our next trip!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place but.... The hotel is beautifully decorated, clean, and has nice courtyards. However, fumes of chemcials in the hot tub were over whelming!!!! The hotel staff weren't the friendliest, no one smiled or acknowledged us -- we felt ignored, especially in the bar. We were the only ones in the bar, and it still took the bar tender 10 minutes to say hi to us.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iowahawk3
<Content>Mediocre at Best My wife and I spent a weekend here in January. She'd selected it and was disappointed once we arrived, it certainly looked nothing like you'd imagine based upon their website. The lobby (if you want to call it that) is very cheesy, looks like a '60's motel. The elevator is off of the parking garage, and looks like a tiny beat up freight elevator. The halls are musty and have certainly seen their better days, and are in dire need of paint and new carpet. The room itself was very large, but hadn't been remodeled or redecorated in decades and also smelled musty. Room service made the bed and replaced towels (which were threadbare and thin) but that was it. Coffee or kleenex weren't replaced, trash cans weren't even emptied. Breakfast is some tiny grocery store bagels and containers of cream cheese, hardboiled eggs, donuts, make your own toast, boxes of cereal, and make your own waffles.The location is great, very central but a block away from Bourbon Street so it's quiet. Bayona is right across the street. Other than that, there's not much I can really say positive about it. I don't know what all these glowing reviews are from - if you compare it to a Motel 6 I guess it would be nice. But compared to even a middle of the road Marriott or Hilton it leaves a lot to be desired. You'd expect cleanliness at a minimum for $150+ a night. We thought we'd be staying at a place that had some old New Orleans charm - and this place was charmless. Sounds like they have additional rooms across the street from the main hotel - wish we would have known that beforehand and requested them, because the main hotel is basically a dump. If you're accustomed to nice hotels I'd be careful.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Don't Expect Too Much The courtesy van driver (Asa) is wonderful! The rest of the staff are o.k. Our room was the smallest in which I've ever stayed, but it was clean. We reserved a suite for the 2nd/3rd nites, but it was dirty and scary (hot sauce on the couch) and looked like there was a party in it the nite before we took it. We moved back to our little room where we were at least used to the weirdness. Our stay was quite an experience. The very, very best part is the complimentary cocktail. Ma Bailey's was the very best bar we went to during out entire trip. Both the bartenders were wonderful. The drinks were the best. This was our 1st time in NO and we found it to be very dirty, not too friendly, and somewhat dangerous. Dauphine is very New Orleans. I'm glad we did it for the experience, but we wouldn't do it again.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LMayfield
<Content>I love the Dauphine Orleans Hotel My husband  I (along with about 14 other couples) visited New Orleans 4 months ago and stayed at the Dauphine for the first time. We absolutely loved it!! It was close enough to the happenings on Bourbon, but was also very quiet when we needed it. The folks were extremely friendly, especially Amy the bartender at May Baileys Place. I will recommend this hotel to any one that asks and will also stay here again on my next visit to the Big Easy!!!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay My sister and I stayed at the Dauphine Orleans for a long weekend in August. It was her birthday and the staff was so thoughtful and placed a bottle of champagne on ice with glasses in our room. Our room was spotless and we especially appreciated the air cleaning system and wonderful pillows. Although the bathroom was small it was nice with marble vanity and water filtration system. The staff was very helpful without being intrusive. Make sure to eat at the restaurant across the street, Bayona. It was to die for! The little pool in the courtyard was great for cooling off and sunbathing.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Captivating i stayed at the dauphine in march of 2003 after mardi gras had passed and was delighted with how quiet it was, yet how close to all the action of the french quarter. i had an absolutely gorgeous room across the street from the main hotel overlooking a captivating courtyard. my room was just beautiful, i loved the brick walls, the huge comfortable bed, the french doors, the jet tub. i felt like a princess in it and the room was very clean and inviting. the hotel exceeded my expectations (i found it online) and i would stay there again in a heartbeat. in fact, i fully intend to do just that this spring.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED EVERY MINUTE!!! Everything was wonderful..from the parking price and service, to the front desk check-in, the great cocktail in the lounge, the breakfast(waffles yet!),and the lovely waffle pique robes in the room, plus the comfy down body pillow! Only complaint was that former occupant had left a no incoming calls on the automatic phone service, so we missed one appointment. I've stayed there three times and enjoyed each visit more each time. The balcony location was great..we even saw a parade on Dauphine Street and they threw us beads! The pillow wafers were really delicious and maid service superb. Will never stay anyplace else!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Dauphine! My husband and I stayed in the patio rooms during November 2003 and LOVED IT! What a quaint, cute, cozy place to stay. It really oozed the feeling of the French Quarter. If you do not like small hotels then this is not the place for you...but if you are looking for a place that FEELS French Quarter STAY HERE!!!!! Plus, the location is unbeatable! We cannot wait to stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint and Cozy We stayed for the weekend on October 10th and could not have had a more pleasant of stay. The rooms were clean, with nice down pillows. Wonderful breakfast with lots of choices. Two blocks from Bourbon Street. Friendly and helpful staff. Afternoon tea was nothing more than generic brand cookies, so don't plan your day around it. I highly recommend a stay here!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Dauphine! I stayed at the Dauphine Orleans in August of 2000. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and had goose down pillows. My room overlooked the pool, which I liked and did not find to be all that noisy. The hotel is close to everything and has a great bar!!! I can't wait until I get a vacation so I can come back!!!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Colleen1974
<Content>honeymoon at the dauphine We stayed at the Dauphine Orleans on our honeymoon. The room was small and nothing to rave about. I didn't find the staff at the front desk very friendly, although the bell hops and parking lot attendents were so nice. A great thing about the hotel is the comp. shuttle which is very nice. It beats paying for a taxi, and the longest we had to wait for the shuttle was 10 mins. The May Bailey bar is worth checking out. It has a cool vibe and is pretty quiet. They also had the best hurricane I had in the city! The continental breakfast was pretty good, one of the best I've seen.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place We had a delightful time at the Dauphine. Rooms were clean and had everything we needed. Wife enjoyed the hot tub and the morning waffles. The beds were a little hard but not a problem. Morning paper was a nice touch as was the welcome drinks at Mae Baileys. Would defintely return to this hotel. Dan  Cathy Johnson   
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Dauphin Orleans We were here 9/24/03 thru 9/28/03. The hotel exceeded are expectations. The rooms were a good size, clean and very comfortable. Everyone on staff was exceedingly friendly. Service was terrific, but not intrusive. Excellent continental breakfast with fresh fruit, waffles, pastries, etc. Pool and courtyard were quiet and lovely. Mae Baily's is a great place for a pre-dinner cocktail (they don't gouge you like most of the other bars in the French Quarter). Close to everything, but quiet location. The hotel may be a little faded around the edges, but that seems appropriate for the French Quarter. The whole place had a terrific atmosphere. One of our party may have even spotted on of the resident ghosts! We definately stay here again next year.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our stay was C'est Magnifique! We stayed at the Dauphine Orleans Sept. 13-16 and had a wonderful time. The staff was very pleasant and accommodating and our room was delightful. We used the hotel shuttle alot and all the drivers were terrific but I would like to say that Asa was top notch. I would like to send him a greeting from the Foleys and the Wagners. Hi Asa!! Thank you for your great friendly service during our stay at the Dauphine Orleans. Please also send a thank you to the other drivers as well.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tiny room. Needs Updating! This hotel looked good on paper. I wanted a hotel with a courtyard and a pool - real New Orleans flavor. This is not it! The room was tiny and the air conditioning could't even keep it comfortable. The room was musty. There is no lobby except 2 chairs in front of the desk. The pool was small and the courtyard so tiny you could fall in the pool trying to get around it. I don't see what the positive reviewers saw. Maybe they have nothing to compare it to. I say don't waste a great trip on this place.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Barbms
<Content>Great place! We just returned from a trip to New Orleans where we stayed at the Dauphine Orleans. I was a little uncomfortable about a hotel that I didn't know anything about but read numerous reviews about this one and for the most part they were all good. We had stayed at another hotel in NO in April that I had found and let me just say that it was not a good experience so we were a little apprehensive but...the reviews were all right! This is a great hotel with good service and friendly staff. All the little extras made a big difference. Housekeeping was very good and turn down service is a nice touch. The continental breakfast with waffles to go along with all the fruit and other items was good and fresh. It was very clean and the staff kept it supplied very well. I have seen reviews that said it was a little worn in places but when you think of how old it is and the people coming through every day it would have to be a little worn. While we were there, the staff was painting and cleaning even though the temperature was extremely hot and humid. We were vey pleased with our stay and will be going back many more times. May Bailey's was also very nice, quiet, and clean. A good place to stay in the French Quarter that is close to everything but quiet.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChefGeorge
<Content>You'll love it! We just returned from several days at the DO and I'm very happy to report that we loved it, too! Parking is a real plus, as the garage is right there at the hotel entrance and elevators. We were able to fetch things we'd left in our car and store things we picked up during the day with no problem. The valet gentlemen are very nice, friendly, and accommodating- especially the one from Cuba! We also appreciated the filtered water spout in the bathroom, the daily Times-Picayune, not some generic USA Today paper, and the marvelous breakfast- they recently added make-your-own fresh waffles, which are great! Our only complaint is fairly petty- the place could use a little freshening up- paint scrapes on  around the elevators, some worn and stained carpets, but if that's really important to you, there are plenty of brand-new, generic, chain hotels there. With Bayona literally across the street and Arnaud's and Broussard's just around the corner, you can't beat the location. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent choice! an excellent hotel right in the french quarter! very close to everything. one block from bourbon street but without all the noise. we stayed 2 nights in this charming hotel. rooms were very nice as well as the hotel staff. the continental breakfast was the best!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>robynjamaica
<Content>Two thumbs up! We just returned from a 3night stay at the Dauphine Orleans. If you want to appreciate the true colors of the French Quarter, this hotel with its unique rooms is the place! Reserve a patio room - you get so much more for just a bit extra in price. Loved the location - only one block from Bourbon, but so quiet you'd never know it. Heavy curtains blocked out the early morning sun in our room - loved slipping on our robes after bathing in our wonderful marble bathroom complete with jacuzzi tub. We had a corner room on the second floor which gave us extra square footage, vaulted ceiling and balcony that overlooked Dauphine Street. The pool was a godsend after walking the streets of the french quarter all day and was a quick way to cool off before dressing up and meeting the rest of our friends in the May Baily's lounge for cocktails and complimentary hors d'oeuvres. Jeffrey, the bartender, whips up some great drinks and does an outstanding job of recommending places to dine. The bed, complete with goose down pillows is wonderful after spending a night out on Bourbon street. Friendly staff all the way around, clean rooms  public areas, speedy maid service every morning.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place tucked in great location! The Dauphine is a great hotel. Check-in is quick, and the room is cozy. Breakfast is nice, and everything you want to do is within walking distance. I recommend this hotel to anyone coming to New Orleans for the first time!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Wonderful World We spent five days in July at the Dauphine Orleans  what a delightful surprise! Every single staff member (well, except for the unsmiling girl when I checked out) made our stay comfortable, home-like  memorable. Bernice will even hug you if you clear your own breakfast dishes!! What more can you ask? The room was beautiful, the courtyard was beyond relaxing and the daiquiris just right! The bellmen were especially helpful with any local information we needed. Big, easy fun!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good enough, could be better... We just returned from a five-night stay at the Dauphine Orleans. We were generally pleased with the hotel -- the location is great, the staff was very friendly and helpful, and our superior king overlooking Dauphine Street was quite large and comfortable. Where the Dauphine falls short is in the areas of upkeep and housekeeping. Our room was a bit shabby -- the carpet was torn, there were black smudges on the walls in the entryway, a light fixture was loose and hanging away from the ceiling, the airconditioner was in need of maintenance, the refrigerator did not work. The Evergreen air purifiers are a nice idea, but in our room the filters had obviously not been cleaned in quite a long time, rendering them pretty much useless. And we found them to be quite noisy, particularly the one in our room that was not properly mounted on the wall.When we checked in, our room was still dirty, and I had to fetch a housekeeper to finish cleaning it. All of the bathroom mirrors were coated with a thick layer of hairspray from who knows how many previous occupants. Only one bathrobe was in the room, and had clearly been used by the previous occupant; but when we asked for new ones, they were delivered in less than five minutes.Some notes about room location: those in the main building facing Dauphine Street can get pretty noisy on weekend nights, even in the off season. Most of the rooms facing the courtyard overlook a space used as a parking lot, so the view from your balcony is not especially appealing; others overlook the pool area, which can also be noicy.So on the whole, this is a hotel worth checking out, as long as your expectations are not super-high. The pool area, the free breakfast, and the shuttle van are all nice extras. In spite of the less-than-thorough housekeeping service and the need for better routine maintenance, I still give the Dauphine four stars because our overall experience was pretty good. We would probably stay here again, though on our next trip to New Orleans we'll probably look to try out another hotel.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awsome...as always!! Absolutly love this city...we had a mini vacation at the Dauphine. Booked a private courtyard room and it was worth the extra money. Had stayed in the main hotel before but this is better. Rooms are across the street and larger. They have Jacuzzi tubs but didn't use it...there is a hot tub in the courtyard. Hotel is very private and 1 block away from Bourbon street but can't hear the noise. It is an older hotel and used to be a brothel...don't expect the glitz and glam of the newer hotels. Very charming!!! Ate at The Alpine and it was fantastic!!! Great menu...ask for the chocolate martini and spanish coffee for apres diner. Had the smoked duck and boyfriend had the blackend redfish...both excellent. For a quick creole meal try Menas Palace...not touristy but great food...try the red beans, rice and sausage or shrimp creole. Cheap and good eating!! For the Sunday brunch try The Court of Two Sisters..23/person and touristy but the selection will blow you away..Turtle soup, braised veal, crawfish, bbq shrimp. Would not recommend Roumalade...use the free drink coupons the Dauphine gives you but don't waste your money here. Small (very) portions with little taste. Take your drink to Menas! Did the Vampire tour...great little history tour at nite. Good tour guides...expect to pay 18/person or find a tour center and pay about 3 less/person. Do visit Metarie Lakelawn Cemetery...stop by the office and pick up a map...they will also give you a tape to tour in your car. Make sure to have plenty of film on hand...awsome tombs...and in a safe area. But still would walk around with a friend. Boubon street is always hopping...try Club 544. Great jazz in a great setting...unlike Preservation Hall you can sit and drink at the same time. Also check out the City Flea Market in the French Market area...good buys. Hit here for your souveniers. In all a great trip...can't wait to go back!!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hassle-free experience. Our stay here in early June 2003 was wonderful. The location is very convenient but away from the noise and smells of Bourbon Street. The room was comfortable and clean and the staff was friendly and inobtrusive. The hotel was a good mix of a small independent hotel (character) with the professionalism/consistency of a national chain (no surprises or quirks). The front desk was also very helpful with directions to points of interest. We had a very positive experience and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J&J
<Content>What A Delight!! My husband and I stayed at the Dauphine Orleans from July 1-6, 2003. We arrived early for the Essence Music Festival and although the hotel was packed full by July 3rd, it was a delight to stay there. The room had excellent A/C and we were greatful and relieved to get back to the room to cool off during the day. The location is excellent. One block over from Bourbon. Walking distance to/from almost everywhere. The courtesy van was a big plus and we found ourselves using the van to get to our destinations and taking our time sightseeing while walking back to the hotel. The staff was helpful and knowledgeable. Security was excellent, even at 4am. They were awake and watching us through the 1-way mirror in the lobby. Mae Bailey's Bar was interesting and it was fun to hear stories of the ghosts that are around. The hurricanes were excellent at Mae Bailey's! The morning paper was nice, and the complimentary breakfast was wonderful with a great selection! Like I said, the hotel was completely full and the staff were constantly making sure we never ran out of anything. After shopping at the Crescent City Market for some Louisianna shrimp to take back home, the kitchen staff was kind enough to store the shrimp in their freezer until we left. The pool was in a little comfy courtyard setting and it was another refreshing way to cool off. But don't expect your room to be cleaned until 4PM or later, despite what you door sign may say all day. No problem -- we just went to Bourbon St. for the happy hour specials!! The hotel was great :) JJ  
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great room Took a chance on the Dauphine after reading positive reviews here, and they were right. Location was great - a block off Bourbon Street, but amazingly quiet. Our courtyard room was not huge, but the ceiling was 15 feet high, so it felt quite spacious. I'd recommend asking for a room away from the pool, though, it got a little loud.Came with all the amenities you need - robes, down pillows, body pillow, coffee maker, complimentary continental breakfast...loved it and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel--Great Location We stayed at the Dauphine Orleans the last week of April 2003 - it was a wonderful stay. Rooms are smaller than the chain hotels, but the bed was the best -- down pillows and a big down body pillow -- as well as other amenities: robes in room, nice shampoos/lotions, coffee maker, iron/iron board, hair dryer. Nice continental breakfast and tea time too. Location was quiet, but central to both Canal and Bourbon.  
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great find We just got back from a wonderful time in N.O. This was my third trip to the city, but my first to the Dauphine. While it was without the glitz of a Marriott or Sheraton, we found the hotel to be modern, charming, comfortable, well situated for vacationing and staffed by some of the most freindly and helpful people we've ever encountered. What more does anyone need?  
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dauphine Orleans, New Orleans Spent four days there the last of march and loved it. Great location, nice breakfast, good service, and very comfortable room (maybe a little pricey). Stay across the street in the patio rooms if you can. The free shuttle to transport you any where throughout the quarter was a definite plus. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Considerate Staff   showReview(924677, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jhcc1
<Content>holiday stay   showReview(918096, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Daupine Orleans Hotel was WONDERFUL!!!!   showReview(917871, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lock your doors!   showReview(911878, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommend   showReview(714987, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Romantic Romantic Romantic Rendezvous   showReview(645300, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cute   showReview(608492, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wonderful Adventure   showReview(586196, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice Boutique Hotel   showReview(557790, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice, convenient hotel   showReview(414739, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel agr茅able au coeur du French Quarter   showReview(19634086, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spitzen Hotel in bester Lage   showReview(16597392, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon choix   showReview(11442080, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

