<Author>mmbinFtL
<Content>Only at the Casci My wife and I recently returned to the Hotel Casci after a previous stay three years ago. We had first read the Trip Advisor reviews that the Hotel Casci was a small family run hotel with an excellent location and offered exceptionally friendly and personal service. We read it was extremely clean and its staff was so friendly. But most important, we were impressed that so many fellow travelers had chosen to return to the Hotel Casci over the years. We found everything was so true in 2005 that we returned. However, we would be remise if we did not relate our most recent experience.My wife and I arrived at the Florence airport missing one of our two pieces of lugguge, the one containing all of my wife's clothes. We filled out the necessary claim form and were given a number to call to learn the status of the missing bag. After we arrived at the hotel and told Paolo and his mom what had happened, Paolo insisted he make a copy of the claim form and over the course of the next three days, he called the airport on countless ocassions to determine the satus of the missing bag, but he could never get a response. In the mean time, Paolo's mom told my wife where she could buy some inexpensive clothes to wear until the missing bag hopefully showed up. Paolo never did get a response to his phone calls and knowing we were leaving for Rome on the fourth day, we returned to the Hotel Casci after a third day of sightseeing and were told by Paolo's mom he had driven to the airport to see what was going on with our missing bag. While we were at the front desk, Paolo called from the airport, told us he had learned the bag was in Pisa, and made arrangements for it to be delivered to the hotel the following day in the late morning. We delayed our trip to Rome that day until the bag was delivered late that morning. However, we could have easily left for Rome that day and Paris four days later without the bag ever catching up with us. This is, indeed, a wonderful hotel run by a wonderful and caring family. Only at the Hotrel Casci. Thanks Paolo, we can't wait to return.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kenndyj
<Content>an excellent hotel Excellent location for a sightseeing stay in Florence. Owners  Staff were most helpful, rooms spacious and excellently maintained. Would definitely stay there again and would highly recommend to family and friends.J  A KennedyCork  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>UtopiaSearch
<Content>Great hotel in a great location! Great family owned hotel near the Duomo and train station. The staff is wonderful and very helpful. If you like baths, be sure to ask for a room with a tub in it.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>6travel
<Content>Loved the Casci ! We loved the clean hotel and its personal service. Very friendly and sincere. Clara and Paulo are very caring and take an interest in their guests.The location is hard to beat-- you are steps away from The Duomo, shopping and all of central Florence. Plenty of very good restaraunts close by. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PAnwer
<Content>Great Family Owned Hotel My wife and I stayed at Hotel Casci in November, 2008. This was our second stay at this hotel, first one in March 2004. The hotel is very close to all the main attractions in Florence. The hotel staff was great and very helpful. The daily rate included a very big breakfast buffett.If we visit Florence again, we will stay at this hotel again. If you like great location, great service and value for your money, please stay at Hotel Casci.Pervez AnwerPlano, Texas, USA  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>ClevelandToCairo
<Content>A wonderful hotel in a wonderful city! I absolutely agree with all the positive comments here. My husband and I traveled to Italy in early November for our 10th wedding anniversary and our stay in Florence--in this wonderful hotel--was the highlight of the trip. As everyone has indicated, it is spotlessly clean, quiet and the staff is exceptionally kind and friendly. When I made the reservation they offered to book any advance tickets I would like to local sites, and did so with no additional charge. They were endlessly helpful, breakfast was lovely, and we had a charming room overlooking a small courtyard of buildings. We heard the bells of the Duomo every day! And there was a free Internet connection in the lobby area that we used regularly. I would also add that we accidentally left a personal item behind and they were kind enough to mail it back to us in the United States within days of our return home (again at no charge). As someone else wrote here, I'd love to keep them for myself but they deserve excellent customers!!!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>GUMolly
<Content>What a find! This hotel is a gem! We stayed a week. Absolutely comfortable, clean, quiet, convenient. The Lombardi Family could not have been more gracious, helpful and just wonderful people. They had the best recommendations for meals. Extensive library of travel books and materials. Can't wait to stay there again. found out later that my brother and his wife had also stayed there a year previously. We were all talking about this great small place in Florence and found out we had all stayed at Hotel Casci and so enjoyed it.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>josephine99
<Content>Fabulous Find! Located in the heart of Florence, near the Duomo and practically next door to the Medici Palace, the Hotel Casci was recommended to me by two fellow American academics. It is excellent in every way -- spacious, clean, and charmingly decorated rooms and a very congenial atmosphere! The family members in charge speak perfect English and French (and no doubt German and other languages) and are extremely pleasant and helpful. They are clearly committed to insuring that their guests have smooth and enjoyable visits. All the staff members were cheerful and courteous, and I enjoyed all the other guests I met while there. I look forward to returning with my family for a longer stay sometime soon.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jandjRedditch
<Content>A Perfect City Break Having enjoyed a stay at the Casci a few years ago, we decided to go back for a short break in Florence. The hotel is situated really close to the main sights but the rooms are quiet. The Casci is run by a delightful family who cannot do enough for you. They are most welcoming, charming and helpful. They all speak good English. The hotel does not have a restaurant (it does do a buffet breakfast) but will recommend places for you, arrange taxis, trips or whatever you want . We had an excellent, large en-suite room. It is dead easy to book through the hotel website (www.hotelcasci.com) and you will immediately receive a friendly response giving all the information you need. Off season rate was very good indeed - a miracle for Florence.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EileenlovesItaly
<Content>Great Location - Very Accomodating What a perfect Hotel to stay at for my first visit to Florence! Yourlocation was ideal. However, the friendly faces of both staff and guests made everthing perfect. I enjoyed your lovely breakfast and wonderful cappucino. The suggestions for dining were perfect and the use of the Internet was much appreciated by myself and my eleven year old son back in Maine.The rooms were very clean and efficient and I look forward to seeing you agian. Thank you so much for making everything so accomodating for us. I miss Italy!Sincerely,Eileen Parenteau  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TeacherWhoTravels
<Content>A gem of a family run hotel! Hotel Casci is a wonderful hotel, which I would love to keep to myself, but they deserve good customers too! This family run hotel is clean, has spacious rooms, but most of all is run by the most gracious and friendly staff and owners. Paolo, who has worked the front desk there for 10 years, was incredible throughout the reservation process and stay. It's a rare hotel stay, where I left feeling that I was treated 'like family.' The breakfast staff couldn't do enough to make sure that everyone had the right drink and food, including cooked to order soft or hard boiled eggs. All of my requests, thick bath towels to dry my hair and reservations to museums, etc., were met with wonderful customer service. The hotel couldn't have been in a better location, plus they have a lift/elevator!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alanevery
<Content>Simple, nice and a hoenly place to stay When I look for places to stay in Italy I always try to find family owned locations rather than give my money to large corporations. This hotel suited me perfectly.The room - Had everything I needed, everything worked, was clean and comfortable.The hotel in general - Relaxed and comfortable atmosphere. Yes it is up a few flights of stairs, but that was no problem even after a marathon. Books and DVDs are available should you wish to spend more time in your room.The staff - A family business and I can't praise the staff enough. We were made to feel very welcome and help was given on everything we asked for. The staff really made the stay worthwhile and provided a good camaraderie between the clients. The staff even prepared breakfast early on Sunday morning for a number of us competing in the marathon. Location - You can walk everywhere you need in Florence from here. Very close the SM station and bus stops.Conclusion Would I stay there again - Yes it is greatWould I recommend to others - If you like to be pampered by butlers in 5 star hotels this maybe isn't for you, but if you want to stay somewhere nice with good service then this is perfect.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Pa-Trekker
<Content>Wonderful, wonderful, hotel Hotel Casci is a gem. The facility and room were comfortable, clean, and well equiped. The location is outstanding, walking distance to all major sites, shopping areas, and great restaurants. But best of all is the hotel owners and staff. They treated us like family, not just clients. They were most genuine in their friendliness and interest in our needs. I would recommend this Hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kurrambeejennys
<Content>Hospitality Plus Our booking was made by phone on the day we wanted the accommodation, after our previous accommodation didn't work out. They did everything they could to accommodate us, giving my friend and I single rooms the first night (at no extra cost) as they didn't have a twin, then moving our luggage to our large twin room the next day while we were out sightseeing. The hotel is run by a mother-son team, and they were extremely friendly and helpful with everything we asked, such as closest post office for parcel posting, and recommendations for restaurants for dinner. A great buffet breakfast is included in the price, as well as free Wi-Fi. The hotel is in a very convenient location, close to the railway station and most of the sights of Florence. We arrived and left Florence by train, and were able to walk to the hotel. We were also within easy walking distance of all the museums and sights (and shops!!)  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abcd1120
<Content>Great, well-located 2 star hotel We recently returned from a wonderful trip to Florence, and spent five nights at the Hotel Casci. It had a terrific off-season rate of 79 Euros per night. It was clean and quiet, and the proprietors were friendly and answered all our questions. By European standards, I thought our twin bedded room was quite spacious. The hotel is very conveniently located. We would definitely stay there again on another trip to Florence.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Homesite
<Content>Loved the Casci My wife and I stayed at Hotel Casci for three days in October. We were treated as if we were family. We really enjoyed our stay as our hosts were extraordinary. They gave us great insights to Florence and surrounding area. We are planning a trip next fall and Hotel Casci will be our base for our excursions in northern Italy. Jim and MadonnaMinneapolis, Minnesota  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GirlSleuth
<Content>Loved Hotel Casci and its staff I was delighted to find this wonderful bed and breakfast hotel in the heart of the old city of Florence, Italy. The staff was very helpful, kind and treated me as if I was a guest in their home. I had a bathroom with shower in my room and both the bedroom and bathroom were spotless, as were all of the linens. Since I was traveling alone I wanted a small hotel that would care about me if I had any problems, and that is the kind of treatment I received. The owners and other staff took their time with any concern I had. They even spent time with me explaining the euros before I went out sightseeing the first time. They directed me to sights I wanted to see and to other sights that I was not aware of. The hotel is only 150 yards from the Florence Cathedral and very close to all of the monuments and museums. The staff offered to make reservations for me at the Uffizi and Accademia Galleries.I received a warm welcome via e-mail once I booked my stay and the day I left the hotel, I received warm goodbyes from the owners and a hug from one of the staff members. I will definately return again to Florence and when I do I will stay at the Hotel Casci. I have stayed at many large hotels but never one as comfortable and memorable as my stay at Hotel Casci. Angela Lucio  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>terry2nz
<Content>Loved the Lombardi's The Lombardi family that runs this hotel made our time in Florence, Italy a wonderful experience for our small group of friends. They made great recommendations and helped with reservations. All of the advise was right on. The location was perfect for walking to almost everywhere. The hotel itself is quiet, clean and very comfortable. The breakfast was also very good.The economical price truely made this the find of the trip.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gbtynan
<Content>True hospitality - delightful gracious hosts There is a very good reason why this otherwise modest 2 star hotel in the heart of historic Florence rates so highly in these reviews.In these days of surly or indifferent service, the family which runs the Hotel Casci truly and genuinely care about each of their guests as if they too were members of an extended family.Nothing was ever too much trouble, and I was actually embarrassed on occasion at the extent they were prepared to go in order to accommodate me.Of course one might well expect nothing less, as service is what a hotel is supposed to provide. But I have stayed in hundreds of properties worldwide and know that really gracious and caring service is something of a lost art.Casci (pronounced KAH-shee) has the feel of a large BB as opposed to a regular hotel. The lobby is accessed from a lift (or stairs) with little at street level to alert you to the fact that the 2nd floor of the building is occupied by a hotel.They provide magazines and newspapers, a huge collection of resource books on Italy, Tuscany and Florence, free internet from a terminal in the lobby, and unlimited free (and very fast and reliable) wifi access throughout the hotel if you bring your own computer.Rooms are comfortable and quiet. Consistent with the 2 star rating and price point of the hotel, but certainly clean, well appointed and comfortable.Breakfast is served from 7:30 to 9:30, but there were times when I was up much later, and although I would not want to suggest that you expect it, the owners and staff were always happy to furnish cappuccino, pastries and juice long after the nominal breakfast hour. This was where I felt that I was being pampered - they could by all rights have politely said that breakfast was off at 9:30 and I would have completely understood.The location is very handy to all of the most notable attractions in Florence. The taxi ride from the airport is 20 Euros plus one Euro per piece of luggage. No tipping.There are dozens of excellent little restaurants within a short stroll, and the all day market with hundreds of vendors selling all manner of leather goods, accessories and souvenirs is just around the corner.I would be happy to recommend Casci to anyone who did not make 5 star luxury their one and only criterion in choosing a hotel. For those of us who instead value a friendly, welcoming environment and excellent value, I cannot think of a better recommendation.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fundogsnorth
<Content>Hotel Casci is outstanding We just spent several days at the Hotel Casci and were very impressed with everything about it. The location is very convenient to everything. The rooms are clean, comfortable, well appointed, and well cared for. The breakfast is the best one that we had during our two week trip to Italy. But most importantly, the warm reception from the entire family and the outstanding service make the Hotel Casci the wonderful place that it is. There is no question in my mind that if I go to Florence again, this is where I will stay.Jayne and Alex Bradbury, Port Townsend, Washington  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fmhLondon
<Content>Ideal base I can heartily recommend this hotel for anyone who wants a no frills stay in Florence. It is ideally situated - 10 minute walk from the station, San Lorenzo round the corner, Duomo in sight and the Medici Riccardi next door - so any sightseeing can be easily planned and accomplished. The staff are really friendly - nothing seemed too much (even arriving slightly late for breakfast! or wanting to take a rest while the rooms were being cleaned). Our room was beautifully clean and was very quiet. Communication was no problem - everyone spoke excellent English. Without being able to compare it to others, I would be only to happy to return. This is perhaps not the hotel for those who want a hotel holiday - only breakfast is provided (but what a breakfast!); no jacuzzi/shop - but for anyone who wants a comfortable, hospitable base in Florence from which to explore, this would be an ideal choice.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Magpie056
<Content>Fantastic location, a very friendly service My husband and I spent 5 nights at this hotel, which is very close to the centre of Florence. You need only short walks to look at the beautiful Duomo or visit the Ponte Vecchio, the Palazzo Vecchio, the Uffizi and the other very interesting museums and churches and the wonderful restaurants. At the hotel we had lovely breakfasts with rolls, croissants, yoghurt, eggs, cake and cookies, coffee, tea and hot chocolate. The owners of this hotel are very friendly and we felt like members of their family. They booked the tickets for us for the Uffizi and helped us to find our destinations in Florence and 鈥渙utside鈥?(we visited Leonardo da Vinci's birthplace and made a trip to Forli). They have a lot of patience and you can ask them everything. They will help you!!! We had a comfortable room (no noises to hear). My husband was very happy, because he could use his laptop with free internet access in our room. There is also a PC with free internet access at the reception. In May 2009 we will be again in Florence, and for us there is no question, where we will stay: the friendly hotel Casci.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ParisKate
<Content>Wonderful stay at wonderful hotel. The hotel is perfectly located; one can walk everywhere. Staff members (mostly family) are welcoming, friendly, helpful with even the smallest detail and ready to recommend shops, museums and restaurants. Rooms are comfortably furnished, with windows that open (best to be on the courtyard side). Wi-fi works well. Great value for price and the bonus is how warm the reception is. Recommended for single women traveling alone -- as well as anyone else.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>claudiai
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We were so comfortable in this hotel. The staff are warm, helpful accomodating. The hotel rooms are immaculate. Our room was facing a courtyard at the backside of the hotel. It was an adequate size for two people and the bathroom was quite large. The location is perfect. One block from the Academia where the statue of David is housed. Two blocks from the Duomo. Two blocks from the Mercardo Central - Lorenzo Market. a few blocks from Piazza Signoria. It was perfect. Lots of restaurants in the Mercardo area. The breakfast was a perfect European style with fresh Cappucino. It was cozy, the staff was helpful and informative. They provide the guests with free DVD movies, they have a library of guide books for their guests to use. It is obvious that the goal of the Casci Hotel staff is to make their guests as comfortable as possible. They even helped us figure out how to operate our new camera. The overall hotel was immaculately clean, the location was perfect. All combined, this experience help to make our 3 day stay in Florence, a perfect one.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>love2travel091
<Content>Great Location and Hospitality Hotel Casci is a wonderful place to stay in a great location. The location makes it very easy to explore the beautiful city of Florence, with the train station a short walk away, the bus stop across the street and the main sites and shopping close by. I have stayed at Hotel Casci 4 times over the past 9 years while traveling with friends/family or on my own. The hospitality is second to none and the rooms are great. The breakfast is terrific, especially the capuccino! Restaurant recommendations or assistance with museum tickets is always available and provided with a smile. Great place to stay!!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tuscany08NewZealand
<Content>Location, Location For the Lombardi family who run this hotel, nothing is too much trouble for their guests. They were genuinely so helpful in every respect. The breakfasts were extremely good and wonderful cappucino, made with freshly ground coffee beans. Great!! I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting good value for money in the centre of Florence. The hotel's location was within a very short walk of the Duomo, Uffizi and Accademia Gallery. We had our Gallery tickets booked for us in advance by the hotel, which saved us valuable time. Also close by were the leather markets and some of the good shopping streets of Florence. A leisurely 10 minute walk will find you at the Ponte Vecchio bridge. Good Trattoria recommendations were given for evening meals.Jacqui  MichaelNew Zealand  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cookchic
<Content>Home Away From Home I found the Casci to be incredibly clean, friendly and in an excellent location from the train and the town center. The family that owns/manages the hotel treats you like family while you are there. The breakfast was wonderful each day. They have an enormous collection of travel books you can use while staying there to look up any information you may need. It was just a wonderful three days, and when I get back to Florence I will stay at the Hotel Casci!Susan Sutherland - traveling group was a 20 something, 2 - 30 somethings and a 70 something Mom. All of us loved the Casci! Our stay was in February '07  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>terrysav
<Content>fantastic homely hotel spent 3 nights last year in the hotel which i can only say it was just like staying with friends.The help and service was 100% they could not have been more helpful.You could not get a better service even if you stayed in a 5 star hotel.I would certainly stay their again and have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.Sorry it has taken so long to put pen to paper, but felt i must let people know what they are missing all the bestterry  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TeddySaskatchewan
<Content>Great Stay... 3 middle aged women traveling Italy, a great B and B in Florence, helpful staff, wonderful location all add up to a great holiday. We enjoyed Hotel Casci and the Lombardi family (even though a night manager told us to be quiet, it was only 11pm!). We really enjoyed the common area and the fact you could meet other travellers, have a glass of wine and a visit while you waited for your turn at the free internet. This was very much appreciated. The breakfast was great and the room was large by European standards (anybody been to the tiny London rooms lately?). We very much enjoyed Hotel Casci for a lot of reasons, most which have been already stated and would highly recommend. Hope to return... Judy Pieper, Sask. Canada  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frommydesk
<Content>excellent accommodation We stayed for three nights in late October and really enjoyed our time at the Hotel Casci. The location is superb, being right in the centre and within easy walking distance of the main attractions and good restaurants. Once inside, the hotel is bright and clean, and our room, at the back , was very comfortable. All the staff are very helpful and friendly and contribute to the warm welcome. The breakfast made a great start to the day, good choice, excellent coffee, attentive staff and a chance to talk to fellow guests.A warm and friendly atmosphere in a family run hotel giving very good value for its location. We would be very happy to stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DK-7
<Content>First-rate hotel My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Casci for 6 nights in September and October and loved it. We had a large corner room that was quiet and very comfortable. The place is kept spotlessly clean; they serve a good breakfast; there's free access to the Internet.The hotel, in a 15th century building, is accessible by elevator. It's located 2 doors from the Medici Palace, and 3 blocks from the Duomo. It's around the cormer from the San Lorenzo market and a short walk to the Uffizi. Unbeatable location.The staff at this hotel is one of the best I've ever seen, and I've stayed in hundreds of places. Carla presides over all of it, which gives the Casci much of warmth. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnLakeMacquarie
<Content>What a great place!! If you are looking for a great place to enjoy Florence, here is a good start. We had 3 nights at the Hotel Casci  loved it. And it all started when we booked. The family who run the hotel gave us easy to follow directions to get from the station, which is a flat 10 minute walk, and made reservations for the museums, so we were ready to go when we arrived. The location is great; an easy walk to the Duomo, Arno, Museums, bus  train stations. The room was nice and quite, the cost reasonable, the home style breakfast more than enough, the bed comfortable, and free internet. But most of all the staff made us feel very welcome  went out of their way to help us with directions, meal recommendations and just generally feel comfortable in a foreign city. I highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LeicesterSlr
<Content>Perfect place to explore Florence from The Hotel Casci is in the perfect place for anyone wanting to see as much as possible in a fairly short time. All the main sites are within a few minutes walk - as are a good range of restaurants and cafes. This means you can get to the galleries, museums and churches early or late on in the day and so miss the crowds. The hotel is fascinating as , from the street, it appears to be very small but it goes back and back. A fascinating building. The most important asset is, however, the staff. The welcome was warm when we arrived and on every subsequent time we left or returned to the hotel.For the whole time we stayed there, they went out of their way to ensure we had enough of the ample breakfast, were enjoying the holiday and slept well. They booked us a timed ticket for the Uffizi so that we didn`t have to queue. When a political demo blocked the streets and we needed to get to the station to travel home, no trouble was spared until they managed to get a taxi to a spot we could reach easily. We`d certainly return to the Casci and hope to do so in the future.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PatRockford_Il
<Content>What a find! My friends and and visited Florence in September. The Casci Hotel was not only very clean, located in the heart of Florence but also had the most helpful and friendly managers. Carla Lombardi and son Paolo were very helpful and made us all feel we had family in this big city. They went above and beyond in their hospitality and service. I would highly recommend this hotel for those wanting a convenient location at a modest price.It was the only hotel in my three week trip that left a lasting impression of hostitality and genuine concern for their patrons. Good job, Lombardi's!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Santa10
<Content>A Gem of a hotel My sister and I stayed at this hotel in Sept. for one week. It is a family owned hotel, with the kindest dearest family members.The breakfast was outstanding, the rooms immaculate, and the service provided by the family was superb. We stayed in room number 10 . There is an elevator and we were only 1 l/1 blocks from the Duomo and the bus stopped across the street. I would highly recommend this hotel, and when I return I will not stay anywhere else. It is an excellently priced hotel, one we could afford, and we met the nicest people when having breakfast. They also have internet available if needed, and phones in the room. We loved this hotel, and I have stayed at another very nice hotel, but this hotel felt like home. Elsie Riley  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PoetfromBirmingham
<Content>A Fantastic hotel My partner and I visited Florence in October for 5 days. We stayed at Hotel Casci and all of the positive reviews that you find on Tripadvisor are accurate. It provided us with a real experience of Florence. This is an amazing place to stay., very central and with easy access to all the major sights. We were bowled over by the kindness and attentiveness of the staff, as well as the willingness to make our stay special. The hotel has a very relaxed and friendly atmosphere, and it was very easy to establish a personal relationship with the staff, who were most abliging and accomodating. Our room was well equipped and comfortable and we were pleased with the comfortable bed after a busy day in Florence. The breakfast is beautiful, with a great choice of cakes, pastries, cereals, eggs and bread. The coffee machine was amazing and obliged us with regular top ups and quality drinks. Hotel Casci is an impeccable hotel and provided us with all of the information and advice we needed, even recomending a travel agents so that we could book aour train fares to Bologna. They also reserved us tables at all of the restaurants we requested, and obliged us instantly. Nothing was too much trouble, we have already recomended you to others, and we are looking forward to staying with you next time we are in Florence. Thank you to Paulo and all of his team for an amazing stay.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bch61
<Content>Hotel is our top pick We stayed at Hotel Casci in Florence for three nights in mid-October and could not have found a place that was better located. The owner and staff went out of their way to be pleasant, helpful, and friendly. The room was large, spotless, and equiped with a plush bathroom and a large tub/shower. The hotel provided a full breakfast, tables with table cloths, lots of food choices, and excellent and plentiful coffee. The hotel was located on the third floor of a midtown building with very small elevator. Very large people or people with large pieces of luggage might have some difficulty but we didn't have any problems with a carry-on bag each. When we return to Florence, we will definitely stay at Hotel Casci. The high season price of 150 Euros per night was reasonable considering the location, service, and facilities.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>john117
<Content>Atmosphere I stayed here for one night in Sept 2008 with my wife and daughter in a triple room which was huge. We booked up based on the previous reviews we had read here on TA. The hotel unusually asked us to confirm our stay one month before we departed even though they had our credit card details.The hotel could be a little difficult to find (especially as when we went there was scaffolding erected outside. It is on the left side as you walk up from the Big White Church.When you enter the front door it is a little off puting as it is a little dark and dingy but once upstairs and into reception it is fine.The room we had was along a long corridor and was clean and comfortable and quiet (especially welcome after 3 nights in the Holiday Inn Express in Rome next to the railway tracks).My only complaint was similar to a recent reviewer which was the atmosphere at breakfast - it felt like being at home with Mum watching you. The choice at breakfast wasn't great and the previously mentioned HIEX had a better choice. The breakfast helper pounced on me when I went for some more coffee and didn't take my saucer with me. She went to my table and collected my saucer for me and gave it to me with a disapproving look whilst I filled my cup. She wasn't rude but as I said the atmosphere wasn't right for me. Perhaps I have spent too much time in chain hotels? Staff and owners can on occassions be too helpfull and I for one like a lot of my own space especially in the morning before the third cup of coffee! (the breakfast area is also a bit cramped if a lot of people turn up at the same time but that is not the space I am talking about)The hotel is good and in a great location for exploring Florence but it is not cheap. I paid 190 euro for the three of us in late September but our hotel in Rome was only 140 Euro.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>Scott_DallasTX
<Content>Clean, Convenient, Super Friendly I stayed 4 nights at the Hotel Casci from Sept. 18 to Sept 22, 2008. My room was kind of small but was fine for just me. The room was clean and well cared for. Air Conditioning worked fine and hot water in the shower was fine. Some might find the bed a bit firm, but for me it was perfect.It is about a 10 minute walk from the Santa Maria Novella train station and less than 2 blocks north of the Duomo. All of the major sightseeing is within a 20 minute walk. Immediately to the north is a more quiet area if you wish to get away from the thongs of tourist, and the location of the hotel itself while less than 2 minutes from the crowds of tourists is rather uncrowded.The service at the Hotel Casci is very friendly. They have a computer in the lobby for checking e-mail. The elderly lady who runs the hotel is extremely nice as is her son. Often I like to go out and take photos in the early morning before breakfast starts. On 2 occasions I returned well after the breakfast time, but she always offered to make me a cappucino. Very sweet lady.I think this is a perfect hotel for staying at to see the sights of Florence.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Susjo70
<Content>Great deal! This hotel is a great value. It is in the heart of the historic town. It is very clean, very friendly, very comfortable. It will get no prizes for being stylish but the staff is very helpful, the location is terrific and it makes seeing lots of Florence very easy.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>YoungFriend
<Content>Good to know I do not know about other rooms, but our room had a window that opened to a small yard without any light and fresh air. When we arrived the room was saturated with toilet spray that we could not even breathe, then during night we realized the reason, it was for covering bad smell from bath and toilet.Since nothing had standard form in the bath, after shower whole of surface was wet and difficult to collect. Nevertheless we spent not so good time there. I do not recommend this at all.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	2	3	3	

<Author>BrianAndSarah
<Content>Fantastic family run hotel Amazingly welcoming family run hotel. This was our first trip abroad with our baby, and the hosts did everything possible to help and make us feel welcome.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CumbriansUk
<Content>Friendly base A friend recommended Hotel Casci - and we were so pleased we took her advice. The locations is great - all the sights are in easy walking distance. Our room was pleasant, clean and quiet and the breakfast was a good start to the day. The staff were friendly and helpful. Couldnt have asked for more. Thankyou Hotel Casci  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AHL_8
<Content>Friendly  My teenage son and I stayed in Hotel Casci in September. Our experience confirmed the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor which I based my decision to book this hotel. All the staff were friendly and helpful, especially when my son accidently left his treasured NBA singlet in the room. A quick phone call ascertained that it had been handed in by the housekeeper, and that it would be posted to Australia without cost! (However, a stopover back in Florence a few days later, enroute to Venice allowed for a quick taxi ride from the train station for me to pick it up personally). Hotel Casci is in an excellent central position, our room was impecibly clean and quiet, even though it faced the street, the breakfast was fine with great coffee and offers of hot chocolate for my son. The staff made us gallery bookings and recommendations for tours. As an economical hotel choice Iwith a real personal touch I would not hesitate to recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LionelsMom
<Content>Casci --great value, friendly accomodating staff The last poster was a bit accurate on the outward appearance of this hotel, but please do NOT be misled by this. It is Florence after all, and unless you are staying at Sofitel, the majority of hotels and BBs share space in old palazzos along with other businesses or residences. For the price, Hotel Casci is clean, well centrally located, and provides an overall pleasant travelling experience. The staff, especially, Paoloand Carla are some of the friendliest, most accomodating people you will ever encounter on your travels. The breakfast is decent, though it would have been nice to have a selection of deli meats. I would say the only thing that turned us off was the cranky breakfast lady they have working there. She had beef with us bc all I did was grab a knife from another one of her place settings. It was pretty funny. She saw I did it, fumed, came back and slammed down the knife in the place I had taken it from. I thought it was pretty childish and from there on in, refused to acknowledge us. Over all, we had a nice stay. Wireless was only availbale for the one day we were there, but that was due to an unexpected outage. The other reason I am giving it 4 stars is bc the towels are paper thin and the AC barely blew any cold air. Other than that, great hotel.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	-1	4	-1	-1	

<Author>mrobinsmaine
<Content>Love Hotel Casci ! The Hotel Casci is wonderful. I cannot praise the staff enough, as they were the kindest people in Italy that we had met. This hotel saved our trip, as we were tired of alot of the attitude that we were given before from other hotels. I highly recommend this hotel, they couldn't be more helpful and nice.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Barbara064
<Content>Pleasant but slightly odd I had some great accommodation all over Europe at this price level and - maybe it's just Florence - but Casci was the skimpiest value of the whole trip. It鈥檚 not like any hotel I鈥檝e ever stayed in before 鈥?and certainly didn鈥檛 get the feeling it was any kind of 鈥減alace鈥? There鈥檚 no street frontage; instead you go into a drab apartment building entrance and then up a lift to the second floor (but you get used to this), and then into a lobby area. A long corridor snakes off this lobby, with all the rooms appearing to open off this corridor. The room was very clean and staff were obliging. The free computer access was great, as was the good firm bed, the nearby Information Centre, the 15 minute walking distance to rail and bus for easy access to the lovely Tuscan hills. Definite Fawlty Towers overtones in this hotel but pleasant owners. The breakfast is OK, the hot chocolate is superb, and the table arrangements make it very conducive to chatting to fellow travellers who generally seemed rather interesting and jolly.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OxfordArtlover
<Content>Star service and location We have just returned from a ten day stay at the Casci and can strongly recommend its friendly atmosphere, very helpful staff and excellent standard of cleanliness and efficiency. The location is wonderfully central- just a few minutes from the Duomo and Accademia and yet very quiet, away from the busy street. Don't let the rather dour entrance way put you off; many small Florentine hotels have similar unprepossessing beginnings!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wagoose
<Content>Wonderful Staying at the Hotel Casci you feel as if you are staying with family friends. Everyone is friendly and accommodating. The location is terrific as it is central to everything. Our room was wonderful and they were helpful with a variety of services. I was sad to leave here on our last day but I will long recommend this hotel and hope to return one day very soon.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>khcarlso
<Content>Love this place! From the moment of our arrival, the hotel staff treated us like family. They took our bags, offered us coffee and asked us if we had any questions about what to see and do Florence. The hotel is located in an old Medici palace very conveniently located close to the Duomo, Accademia and Lorenzo Market. It's a short walk to the Arno river and the Ponte Vecchio -- in short, it's a fantastic location. The rooms are very comfortable. We had a triple room and it was quite spacious.Breakfast is served each morning until about 10:30 or so and is a good continental breakfast with espresso and cappuccino made to order. We slept in one morning and missed breakfast and to our surprise, when we passed by the front desk they said they felt bad that we hadn't eaten yet and they offered to make us breakfast. I have never had service like this at any hotel, including five star hotels!The hotel made reservations for us at the Accademia prior to our arrival, which was very helpful. They also made dinner reservations for us at several nearby restaurants that were fabulous (take their recommendations -- they're great!) Without a doubt, this was the most comfortable hotel, the best service and friendliest staff we had at any hotel on our 10-day Italy trip. We look forward to staying with them again on our next trip to Florence!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MidwestCannoli_lover
<Content>great hotel! This hotel is in a great location, minutes away from the Duomo. Our room was very quiet. Unlike other hotels we stayed in, this one had a lot of variety at breakfast with lots of choices. Everything was clean. The lobby computer with free internet was a nice suprise and it was always available when we wanted to catch up on emails. The staff at the front desk was helpful in giving us restaurant recommendations. The size of our room was big in comparison to othes we stayed in. Especially loved the big bathroom and bathtub. Only small complaint would be that the towels were not the thick/absorbant kind we were used to and smelled a bit like vinegar. It's also easy to miss the hotel when walking by on the street. Would definetly stay there again though! It's a good value! They even gave us a free mini calendar of Tuscany photos when we checked out.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlisonM78
<Content>Friendly hotel, excellent location We stayed at Hotel Casci for four nights in September 2008. The family who run it were, as we had expected from other reviews, extremely friendly and helpful and recommended a lovely nearby restaurant (ZaZa) for our first night in Florence. The hotel has an excellent location - very close to the Duomo and to the Mercato Centrale (which is well worth a visit one morning). Our room was clean and spacious and the breakfast was very good (we loved the coffee machine!). Overall, an excellent base for a trip to Florence.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Northerngirl1
<Content>What a Great Hotel - Made our trip to Florence Incredible We have been remiss in not adding our overwhelming endorsement of this charming hotel in beautiful Florence. Without question, the management and staff of Casci are at the heart of this little gem. I, my wife, and our two teenaged daughters stayed for eight nights in February and we patted ourselves on the back for having selected Hotel Casci.The helpful assistance, and prompt and sensitive attention at check-in, check-out and in answering any questions was very much appreciated. The assistance in booking Uffizi tickets was great, as was assistance in booking our reservations at restaurants.The rooms are modern, well appointed, cozy and charming - no complaints at all. We felt like we were in the home of family friends or relatives. The grand staircase, and old-fashioned elevator added atmosphere and was in no way a hindrance. The views from our rooms were not spectacular but hardly important since the city of Florence beckons you outwards into the streets to enjoy and savour this truly amazing city. Each night, after walking the city from one end to the other, we happily mounted the stairs or elevator, were warmly greeted back by the gentleman or lady presiding at the front desk, returned to our rooms and collapsed into the deepest of happy sleeps. Each morning we awoke, had a great breakfast and were off again. The point we learned, in our humble view, is that a hotel in Florence is not about the view, or the special amenities and services (like spas or pools), or the magnificence of its decorations or public rooms. Such things are often important and we ourselves have selected hotels for those reasons. However, in Florence, we discovered that a warm and welcoming hotel with wonderful people, very comfortable rooms, in a good location, was what mattered. The Hotel Casci was the perfect choice!!We very much appreciated the lovely breakfast room, and the pleasant, attentive lady who met us each morning to help us with our cappucinos and boiled eggs. This was a great way to start the morning.Many of the hotels in Florence boast superb locations, considering the layout of the old city. Hotel Casci was, in our view, perfect for our planning. Just a short walk to the Duomo, the Academia, San Lorenzo, the Medici Chapel, the Baptistry...heck it was the perfect base of operations to go everywhere. One advantage, for us, was it's location in close proximity to Trattoria Mario's near the Market. We ate there five times during the trip and fell into the pattern of savouring the fine trattoria cooking at this amazing little place, and then wadling back to the Hotel Casci glowing with happy and very full tummies. (We also discovered some great wine bars nearby.)The sheer volume of positive, glowing reviews on Tripadvisor should be reason enough for anyone to feel quite confident in selecting Hotel Casci for a visit to Florence. We are glad to be able to add our voices to the multitude of hosts singing its praises. Thank you, belatedly, to Hotel Casci from the family from Cochrane, Ontario Canada.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lonestar438
<Content>Wonderful Family Run Hotel in Fabulous Location After researching many hotels, we picked Hotel Casci for the value in Florence and nice reviews. It is a family run hotel, on the 2nd floor of a building in a great location (near the Doumo). Our room was very adequate. We faced the street but noise was not an issue because of new windows that can be closed to block out noise. I slept later one morning and didn't expect breakfast as they clearly said they served from 7:30 - 9:30. BUT, the owner saved some breakfast for me - such a nice gesture. There was also free WI-FI and the owner had his laptop for use in the reception area. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fred_Kite
<Content>Very convenient, warm welcome We spent two nights at the Hotel Casci. Like everyone else, we would commend the warm welcome every time we came through the door, ideas of what to do, restaurant bookings and an interest in each and every visitor (bearing in mind that we probably all go and do the same things, this COULD get tiresome!)Lovely breakfast, coffee brought to the table.The hotel is SO close to the centre of Florence that we were able to roll our bags from the station (although the grooved pavements mean this is not for the faint hearted). But then we could walk to the Duomo in less than five minutes, the Uffizi in around ten.Things others may not have mentioned: 1) There is a PC with free internet access at reception to check your email or other sites. Other hotels may charge. 2) When we mentioned we were leaving by train the family suggested we visit a travel agency around the corner (Yanez) where we could buy our tickets in advance for no extra fee (we also bought tickets for later in our trip while we were there). This saved us working out what to do in a busy station whilst watching our bags.Thank you to all at the Hotel Casci.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BillywizzFamily
<Content>Perfect Family Hotel We have just returned from a wonderful family wedding in Florence 鈥?and many of our family and friends stayed at Hotel Casci. The hotel met every need and more. The hotel itself is in a fabulous central location and so so clean. I鈥檓 sure we had fresh bed linen and towels every day! The room鈥檚 were simple but very clean with fridge, flat screen tv  dvd etc. We had a family room which was perfect with the children鈥檚 bedrooms in an alcove off the main room. As for the Lombardi family 鈥?nothing was too much trouble. They went out of their way to ensure we had everything we needed from morning until night. Our party ranged from age 5 to *** and we all felt we had had a very personal service. When we left we had a send off more like family friends departing than guests. Incidentally 鈥?the building work was still going on when we were there but it by no means affected the quality of our stay.We will certainly return!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dimpster01
<Content>Loved the Casci! Took the girlfriend to Florance for a few days, and booked the Casci following the reviews it got on this site.Lovely place - great central position (but still quiet as the rooms are about 4/5 floors up), WONDERFUL staff (so friendly and helpful!) and really well kept, clean and homely.If your looking for a 5*, international-style hotel - this an't for you.its a more friendly, traditional, family-run, BB type - a great one!Cheers to all the staff - they are so friendly and welcoming. Especially the guy on reception - i asked him for a good place to go for our anniversary, and he took the trouble to ring the place up and organise a special table for us. Was amazing!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LondonBernard
<Content>Friendly,family run hotel My wife and I enjoyed 6 days at the Hotel Casci. We had a quiet air-conditioned room with excellent facilities. Madame Lombardi and her son, and the rest of the staff, particularly Pierre, couldn't have been nicer or friendlier. The staff spoke English and were extremely helpful in giving advice, directions, etc. and booking museums, etc. The hotel is in a lovely old building with access at second floor - all the rooms and the breakfast room are at this level. We were with family members and other friends attending a wedding, and they all shared our view that this is a most enjoyable hotel. We would have no hesitatioin in returning should the opportunity arise.G.B.Graves.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CalgaryYyc
<Content>Wonderful stay We stayed in Florence only two days and one night. This was a perfect choice!It immediatley had a charming effect on all of us - it just seemed like home. The check-in and valet parking was painless and although we were early for our check-in they were more than accomodating for us to leave our overnight bags there to go and sight see.It's a perfect location - close to all of the major sights you might want to see.The rooms were very clean and comfortable for 3 people (queen and a single).I would certainly stay again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MMHoneymooner
<Content>Excellent friendly and clean hotel in the middle of everything! Just got back from our honeymoon in Florence and Tuscany. We loved this hotel which was perfectly centrally located near all the sites in Florence. Really feels family-owned and staff takes an interest in your comfort. We used this hotel as our base to see Florence and take day trips to surrounding Tuscan towns easily accessible by train, bus and tour bus groups. Staff is extremely helpful with reservations and advice, very attentive to all your needs, and provides excellent customer service. Daily breakfast is tasty and more than adequate. We had a great experience here and recommend this hotel without reservation!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Scotgoat
<Content>Home from Home 13th September 2008We have just returned from a holiday in Tuscany where we spent 3 nights at the Casci Hotel in Florence. The accommodation (1 double room and 2 single) was excellent with the rooms spotlessly clean and very comfortable. In particular, all the staff were very welcoming and always ready to assist in giving advice on sightseeing and restaurants. Its location is also excellent, being only a few minutes' walk from the Duomo, the Uffizi and the Galleria dell' Accademia. I would thoroughly recommend the Casci to anyone visiting Florence.Hamish, Singapore  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bjwbren
<Content>Casci - Love You !! If you are reading this looking for the best place (in every way) to stay in Florence, look no further - you have found it. After visiting Florence many times and wasting money on the 5 Star hotels - I found Casci and this is now the only place I would ever stay in Florence, or recommend to anyone. In August this year I travelled with 6 members of my family, ranging from me (old) up to my grandson (11). We are all World travellers and could not fault lovely Casci in any way. This family run Hotel has one thing on its mind to make everyone's stay a very happy and comfortable one with kind, efficient attention - and always with a smile and courtesy. THE breakfasts - terrific!Dear Casci, thank you - We will return !!!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>15Jocks
<Content>Friendly, central and perfect for us. My wife and I enjoyed staying at the hotel during our recent trip to Italy. The room was ideal, the location perfect, the breakfast just right and the friendliness and hospitality quite superb. Everyone was so very helpful, courteous and kind, features which are so often missing in larger hotels. All the hotel's arrangements for us worked out absolutely perfectly. Thank you. I have no doubt that you will have a very busy season, but I will be keeping your details on my computer should we return to Firenze. Similarly, I will have recommend your hotel to friends, family and acquaintances who are looking for good value accommodation in Firenze. I also intend to speak to an independent travel agent who uses larger hotels for those who wish to visit Firenze and recommend that they look at your hotel as an alternative option.. Should you hear from InnTravel Ltd, of Castle Howard, York, YO60 7JU, you will know that they have followed up my recommendation.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lib6rhd
<Content>Outstanding welcome We spent three nights here the first week in September, and were pleased to find it so conveniently located just a few hundred yards from the Duomo and within walking distance of other sites and the station. Although the hotel entrance is on a busy street, the rooms are on the second floor (there is a lift if you need it) and extend back from the street so you look out on to courtyards. Also they have double glazing so they are very quiet. When we were there there was building work going on but that didn't start till 8 am and was over by the time we returned to the hotel at 4 or 5 pm so, apart from a bit of dust in the street entrance, it didn't affect us. The room was spacious, and there was a large bathroom. The room had its own air conditioning, which made a hum that was a bit noticeable at night, but only what you'd expect. The towels were changed daily and the sheets were changed after two days. The toiletries were kept well supplied. Our room and all the public areas of the hotel were kept immaculately clean.The breakfast, included in the price, is self-service and, contrary to what a recent review has stated, we helped ourselves to whatever we wanted, but we were also served coffee by the staff and offered second cups by them. Although there is an extensive range of foods on offer we noticed that some fellow-guests who had particular wishes for something not available were provided with what they needed.The hotel has many advantages but its outstanding feature is the friendliness of its staff, not just the owner and his family but all the staff. Advance reservations for galleries, table bookings for restaurants, advice and information on all aspects of visiting Florence, were freely offered and they seemed genuinely concerned to ensure that we had a successful and enjoyable stay. In our quite extensive experience of hotels, a welcome and helpfulness of this level is rare.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BittyBoy
<Content>A great few days but marred by noisy building works As there are a great number of hotels in Florence we researched extensively before deciding upon the Casci, which was rated highly in both the Lonely Planet Guide and on trip advisor. On arrival, after a short walk from the train station, we were somewhat surprised at the entrance off the street, which was clad in scaffolding and appeared to be in a poor state of repair.We were greeted by extremely friendly staff and shown to our room which was smaller than we'd anticipated, but its location more than made up for this. The hotel is situated within a 5 minute walk of the Duomo and other central attractions of Florence and couldn't have been better placed.However, we were awoken the next morning at 8am by builders renovating the hotel and adjoining properties which was a most unwelcome start to our first day's sightseeing. The works continued throughout the day and the constant noise only ceased at around 4-5pm. Night-time was also interrupted by the room's extremely noisy air conditioning system, which was essential during our stay as temperatures were in the mid 20s at night.Breakfast was an interesting experience, with two helpful, but extremely fussy serving assistants, who wouldn't let us help ourselves to food or drink, even though it was a self service buffet! This made breakfast a somewhat unpleasant experience for all the guests who were visibly uncomfortable with this strictly enforced regime.After our experience, we are amazed that the Hotel Casci is so highly rated in Trip Advisor, and the Lonely Planet Guide. If you want a hotel with a great location then look no further, but i'm sure there must be equally priced alternative hotels without the issues highlighted above.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	4	2	5	

<Author>UK-NZtraveller
<Content>Superb Casci. My wife and I stayed at The Hotel Casci for just two nights in August 2008 having booked the hotel after reading the highly favourable Trip Advisor reviews.All the staff were so helpful in every possible way and since my wife had a plaster cast on her foot they kindly found us a room that was conveniently situated in the hotel.In particular the young man on the hotel desk (sorry I didn't get his name) turned a minor crisis, of a suspected lost mobile phone, around completely with the expert way he handled the matter, both when I reported it and even when the phone turned up again. I'd foolishly misplaced it.The location of the hotel was excellent both for all the sights and for the railway station and if we are ever in Florence again we will not hesitate to return to the Hotel Casci.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lorenzo44
<Content>Great stay in Florence Hotel Casci is a very reasonably priced hotel located in the very heart of Florence. The hotel has approximately 26 rooms of different sizes for different family needs. The hotel is run by the Lombardi family. The hotel is spotless from day to day and I don't ever recal staying in such a clean place in all my years of traveling. The hotel staff if freindly beyond measure and serve a diverse clients of various languages very well.I have already recommended this Hotel to my friends and they were very pleased with this Hotel during their stay.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>JohnLincs
<Content>Friendly Hotel with a Smile My girlfriend and I recently had a lovely 5 night stay at the Hotel Casci.A centrally located, very clean hotel with a nice breakfast.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, who were always happy to help in any way.Trattoria 4Leone recommended for my girlfriends birthday was a fantastic choice - a memorable night was had there.The hotel gave us a nice bottle of chianti too.Also, bottled water, coffee and alcoholic drinks were cheap at the hotel.Highly recommended. If we return to Florence then we would book this hotel again.John  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LozzeFlorida
<Content>An exquisite gem in Florence! The Lombardi family are great hosts concerned for your comfort and safety. They give value for your Euro!This is our 3rd stay with them . The rooms are very comfortable with all amenities including in room safe. TV - CNN  BBCExcellent breakfast and free WiFi service. Walking distance to all sites and train station.We always think of them first when we plan a trip to Florence!Great job Paolo and Carla.C.Tomlinson/L. Vollero  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thepaintmaker
<Content>A hotel that will make your trip to Florence a pleasure It has taken us way too long to find the time to write this review of our excellent stay at the Hotel Casci. We must echo many of the reviewers that the hospitality shown by Paolo and the hotel staff is first class and by the end of a few days you will wish you could have stayed there longer especially when you move to your next hotel and realize that it is not the norm. The hotel is very clean and the rooms are large by European standards. The A/C was perfect to cool down after a long day walking in the heat of Florence and the close location to many sights and restaurants was a surprise with the economical price of this hotel. We will miss our afternoon happy hours with Paolo and wish him the best.Tom  Angie ThompsonLoveland, OH  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>canuck_traveller66
<Content>Can't go wrong with the Hotel Casci WOW!! I can't believe this hotel! Very central location, amazing service, clean, big room, yet only rated as a 2 star?! You've got to be kidding! This hotel was awesome. We arrived early in the morning from Rome by train, and they let us keep our bags by the front desk until the regular afternoon check in time, so we had time for a side trip to Pisa. When we got back, our bags were already in our room (number 15, if I recall) and the A/C was on for us! Paolo at the front desk is a very charming, affable and thoughtful hotelier. He clearly loves what he does, and his helpfulness makes it a very enjoyable stay for all concerned. The complimentary breakfast the next morning was excellent. My kids asked about hot chocolate, and voila, they made some for both of them even though it wasn't there put out with all the other breakfast items. The only drawback is that it is not right at street level, you have to take an elevator up 2 stories, or else the stairs. The elevator is very tiny, so if there are more than 2 of you with bags, best to have one person take the stairs because you won't all fit.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fmolinengo
<Content>A Wonderful Family Hotel       Be sure to bring your camera on your daily walks thru town!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sun_seekers0-0
<Content>Super place to stay in Florence Just returned from our Italian holiday and the Hotel Casci stands out as one of our favorites! We stayed in the large family room and were very comfortable - the AC was a real bonus in 35C weather. Breakfast was terrific - our kids were delighted with hot chocolate served by Nonna every morning. Both Paolo and his mom bent over backwards to help us out and make sure we had a pleasant stay in this gorgeous city. The location alone is fantastic but the service and friendliness of the owners outshines the Duomo!Ciao.Peter and SisiToronto, Canada  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WisconsinHoneymooner
<Content>Loved Hotel Casci! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Casci during our honeymoon in Italy at the end of July. From the beginning to end of our stay, Paolo and his mother were wonderful and the hotel was fabulous.We arrived in Florence by train, and opted for the 10 minute walk from the train station to the hotel. The hotel has an awesome location- it's a very short walk to all major sights, including the Cathedral, Accademia, and Uffizi Gallery. Our room was large by European standards, and our bathroom was large with a great corner bathtub. The room had a TV and DVD player, and Paolo has a selection of DVDs in different languages if you choose to watch some movies during your downtime. What blew us away about this hotel was the friendliness of the staff and the way they went out of their way to attend to our needs. From making restaurant reservations and suggestions (we had some of the best food on our trip in Florence) to delicious breakfasts, a bar in the lobby, free internet, and happy smiling faces, this hotel was fabulous.We would recommend Hotel Casci to anyone we know- their hospitality and kindness was unmatched by any of our other stays around Italy!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveler093
<Content>Very Good Value - Would Recommend Our recent stay at the Hotel Casci was just excellent. The hotel is centrally located, and the room was very quiet and extremely clean. The staff were extremely helpful, and the breakfast was very good. We received some great advice from the staff on restaurants, and they helped with museum reservations.I read a review that was quite critical of this hotel, and I disagree with the review entirely. This is not a 5-star property, and does not charge as such. The entrance is not as one would find at a 5-star property, but the hotel does not promote itself as such. It is a very clean, well-run and comfortable 2 or 3 star property, and charges rates accordingly. If you want a grand entrance, or expensive art in the corridors, and if you are prepared to pay for such features, then this is not the property for you. I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Florence with a family, or on a budget, or for whom the art in the museums is more important than the decoration in the hotel entrance areas.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Europetraveller074
<Content>Loved the Hotel Casci !! We have just spent 5 nights at the Hotel Casci and had a wonderful time. Paulo, his lovely mother and their staff are very kind and extremely helpful and nothing is too much trouble. The Family Room was large and airy and perfect for ourselves and our 2 children. The added bonus of fresh sheets and towels every day was extremely welcome after a hot day of sightseeing !The Hotel is literally a short stroll away from all the major attractions and the ample breakfasts each morning set you up for the day ahead. We would definetely stay at the Casci again and highly recommend it as a great base to explore beautiful Florence.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Etrusco-geek
<Content>Location, Location, Location  There couldn't be a better location for enjoying Florence - a short stroll in one direction takes you to the Duomo and Baptistry, turn the other direction and you are at San Marco in minutes. Or turn at the corner and you will be at San Lorenzo. We have stayed at this delightful, small, family-run hotel several times over the years, and each time we love it more. The Lombardi family and their staff are warm and amazingly helpful. They help with bookings, transportation, give advice, and do whatever they can to make your stay a happy one. They truely love their guests.Other factors which bring us back to the Casci include the very complete breakfast - your egg will be cooked to your exact specifications, all you have to do is ask. There is an all you can eat policy, with lots of choices of proteins, fruits, breads and pastry, along with juices and coffee. This makes a huge difference when planning a long day of site-seeing. The hotel's air conditioning is controlled by each room - we Americans appreciate that. There is not only Wi-Fi available, but also a computer in the lobby for guests to use who do not care to bring their own laptops. It is also important to mention that the hotel is amazingly quiet - we never hear traffic or street noise from our rooms.My husband and I escort adult tour groups to Tuscany, and each time we stay at the Casci. All of the adults touring with us have been very happy there.The Casci is not a big or flashy hotel, but it is a hidden gem. The rooms are always immaculately clean, fair sized, safe, and user-friendly. We can't imagine why anyone would stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jvegas2
<Content>Wonderful hotel! This family run hotel was everything we wanted. The location was great as it is within walking distance to all of the sights. Paolo and his mother were absolutely wonderful. They were so helpful and made us feel as if we were part of the family. I can't sing enough praise for the staff, because they made Florence even more wonderful than I had expected. The rooms were large and comfortable. I would recommend Casci to anyone. I am already planning my return and will definitely stay at Casci. Las Vegas, Nevada, USA  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chillardo
<Content>Would definitely stay here again! There's no question that we will stay at the Hotel Casci again. When we first arrived, I'll admit that the hotel entrance was a bit daunting. The outside of the building seems dark and sooty, but inside we found a very warm welcome and excellent, friendly service. Everyone at the hotel had a ready smile, and they went above and beyond to anticipate our needs. An extra bonus was the free internet service for guests and a chance to check email, other reservations and flights. I had to request they print out some vouchers and confirmations for our next stop, and they were more than gracious about helping out. Inside, the building has long and winding hallways and can seem like a maze, but given its history we felt this was part of the charm. (The kids thought it was fun.) The breakfast was excellent and varied, and the attendants went out of their way to be friendly, to smile and make sure we had everything we needed. The location is also great. We will stay there again for all of the reasons above. A wonderful haven in Florence.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>burglesuk
<Content>A Haven of peace in a city of treasures Having heard about this hotel from friends and wanting a central location from which to visit the many treasures of Florence, I was delighted with its central location. The warmth of the welcome upon arrival and throughout our stay was one of the best we had experienced. My friend is a Vegetarian and the hotel were very obliging in guiding us to suitable restaurants which were reasonably priced and offered a wide choice.The atmosphere in the hotel is very friendly and welcoming, the room was light, airy, clean and well maintained and nothing was too much trouble for the staff, who are also multi-lingual. This is obviously a family-run hotel and this adds to its charm and welcoming atmosphere. I will certainly be returning there again next year, and have already recommended it to various friends.For those seeking a good, reasonably priced, clean, centrally-located hotel, I can thoroughly recommend the Hotel Casci.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ciao_8
<Content>Poky and overpriced Don't be misled by the 15th century palazzo publicity. This is an overpriced and poky place. The entrance is scruffy and depressing. The room was expensive-110 euros, it was so poky that we could hardly walk round the beds and the bathroom was so small it was necessary to keep the door open to avoid claustrophia. Breakfast was very basic. You could do so much better for the price. Also, the rooms are off a winding warren of a corridor that is airless and depressing.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Aussie_couple08
<Content>Florence Gem This delightful small family owned hotel in Florence was one of the highlights of our Italian visit. The family could not have been any more helpful and the breakfast provied was great. The hotel was a short walk from the major tourist sites and only 12 Euros by cab from the train station. Hotel was on the first floor but there is the usual small lift. They also have a small bar at the reception which was a good spot to relax and meet other travellers. The room was small but very clean.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>rkgl
<Content>Very Nice - all the way around Very close to the Doumo; Clean; Very personable service; good breakfast; firm beds; air conditioning. We really enjoyed our stay. Modest hotel with great service.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jlmjrphd
<Content>Best Value in Florence Just got back from two nights at the Hotel Casci and loved it! You will like it too. How do I know? Because there is nothing not to like! The staff is friendly and helpful (they made our dinner/museum reservations and called for taxis). The location is right in the heart of Florence (about halfway between the Duomo and the Accademia Museum). The breakfast is plentiful and tasty. The rooms are clean, air conditioned and very spacious -- the bathroom, including the shower, are also large. There is free internet access and an elevator. As I said, what's not to like?  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kiasmum
<Content>Loved it! An absolute gem of a hotel! Extremely friendly and very helpful staff. Clean,comfortable room. Comfortable bed with fresh sheets everyday.Secure safe in the room for your valuables.Plenty of choice for breakfast.Hotel is located within 500m of the Duomo and within easy walking distance of all the major sights.If you can't be without the internet there is even free access in the bar. Will we stay there again-Yes!!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>CarmelaCanada
<Content>Wonderful experience We very much enjoyed our stay at Hotel Casci. The helpfulness and warmth of the owners and staff was wonderful. The room was comfortable and spotless. The breakfasts were ample. Most of all, though, it was the personal attention and the welcoming environment that made Hotel Casci so enjoyable.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happy2travel100
<Content>great family owned hotel This hotel was very nice. The rooms are very large (biggest we stayed in in Italy), nice and clean. Pierre was fantastic! A great help, friendly and very accomadating. The breakfast was very good. The only quirky and a little annoying thing is that they try to tell you where to sit for breakfast! They offer laundry service which is a help. Great central location.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mandy6494
<Content>Wonderful Place! My husband, son and I stayed at the Hotel Casci in June 2008 and we loved it. It is the perfect location to see all the major sites. The hotel is extremely comfortable, rooms large, bathroom newly renovated and the AC works very well. Breakfast is terrific. The staff is the best ...they are friendly, make you feel welcome and are so helpful. It was great for kids. There was a computer in the lobby that my son could surf the web on and DVD player in our room and DVDs to borrow so he could get some down time after site seeing. Loved it! Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ignatz23
<Content>Casci comes through Wow, talk about first class service.Pierpaulo is invaluable.He made reservations for us at the Ufizzi, Academia, restaurants Teatro de sale, Coco Lezzone.He answered all questions we could through at him.Room was large,family room,good bathroom,good a.c.,t.v. etc.Breakfast was very good,soft boiled eggs etc.When our train was cancelled due to a strike the hotel invited us back, ran over options to continue our trip.We would definitely stay at the Casci again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anamelessone
<Content>Superb! My mother and I stayed at the Hotel Casci for the last week of March 2008, by far the best accomodation of our three week stay in Italy. We had a spacious room, and the housekeeping was impeccable: fresh linen every day (unlike in Rome where it was changed once during our week-long stay), great towels with heated towel rack, excellent bath and shower, and comfy beds. The breakfast is more than adequate, with as much coffee as you can drink. There's also a nice litte bar. And a communal computer with free internet access which is rare and really convenient. Location-wise, Casci is also great: on Via Cavour, just up the street from the Duomo. It was lovely to be somewhere so central, but still have a perfectly quiet room to go back to. The hotel is family-run, with a warm atmosphere and attentive, personal service, and, above all, it was the friendly, super-helpful people at Casci which made our stay so enjoyable. They were able to suggest restaurants, and not-to-miss day-trips from Florence. We'll certainly stay at the Hotel Casci next time we're in Florence!(Oh, and just a warning not to go just by star ratings - our awful hotel in Rome has three - very suspicious - stars.)  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LC_DC_Aus
<Content>Warm  My husband  I have recently spent 3 nights at the Casci Hotel  loved it.We arrived by train from Rome  caught a taxi from the station to the hotel as we were not sure of the directions  did'nt want to get lost, we need not have worried as the hotel is quite close to the station ( 20 mins walk) which is what we did when we left, even with luggage it's not a problem.The hotel itself is in a great location as it's close to the Duomo....Uffizi Gallery....Ponte Vecchio  basically all the main sights are within walking distance.The Casci Hotel staff are all very friendly  helpful  all speak excellent english..We had breakfast each morning which was delicious with plenty of choice, this was included in the very reasonable rate. The more mature lady ( i cannot remember her name I'M SORRY) was there at breakfast to greet you with a big friendly smile  to enquire how you were  indeed whenever we saw her she was so friendly  warm that you felt like you were staying with friends instead of at a hotel.The room we had (28) was in the back  very quiet....very clean....lot's of space..... large bathroom  very comfortable bed.What more can I say the Casci Hotel had everything we needed for a very enjoyable stay in Florence.We will be back to both Florence  Hotel Casci  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>clmom
<Content>Fabulous find! This hotel was recommended to us and we found it to be everything and more that our friends raved about. This is a small family run hotel in a great location right around the corner from the Duomo. We were greeted like long lost family and treated like treasured guests. Our room was spacious, freshly decorated, very clean and exceedingly quiet (all the more surprising given that it was completely full the night we stayed with several families and young children). The breakfast was hearty and generous. There was also free internet access. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SKKZ
<Content>What a great experience! We stayed for only one night and wished it could have been every night of our vacation! What a great experience for our whole family. We arrived hot and tired from Rome and were very pleasantly surprised to be greeted by name! The rooms were very clean, the air conditioning heavenly and the restaurant recommendation provided the best meal of our entire trip. Paolo made us reservations for one of the museums, saving us a long wait in line. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The location was very nice and close to the duomo and all other major sights. We walked from the train station with no trouble at all. The breakfast was very good with a nice variety of cereals, meats and cheeses. As reported in other posts, the hot chocolate was superb!! If we are lucky enough to return to Florence, we will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LTAT
<Content>Casci was great! We stayed at Casci for 4 nights in May of 08. Location couldn't be beat. Easy to get to from the train station and central to everything in Florence. We booked everything directly with the hotel including tickets to the Accademia and the Uffizi. Our room was good sized and the bathroom was very large by european standards and even had a large tub in it. Everything was very clean. The room had a flat screen tv and dvd player in it. The front desk also has a selection of dvds you can borrow. Breakfast had a great selection of breads, cereal, eggs, pasteries, cheeses, etc. and of course, plenty of coffees, teas.I don't think there is internet in the rooms, but there is a computer and high-speed access in the lobby for anyone to use. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. They recommend a couple of restaurants, and will tell you how to get anywhere you need to go, and always have a smile for you.We would definitely recommend Casci and would stay again if/when we return to Florence.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NuandMitch
<Content>Central hotel - great for exploring Florence We stayed at Hotel Casci in May and after a delayed coach journey from the airport it was so nice to be warmly welcomed. After a speedy check in we were recommended a restaurant for that evening which was perfect. Our room and bathroom was of a good size and a lot bigger than previous hotels we have stayed in Italy. Breakfast was continental, but you could also boil your own eggs which we liked! There was plenty of choice and you could help yourself to as much or as little as you wanted. The coffee is fantastic! The hotel itself is centrally located making it easy to walk to all the popular attractions and was handy if you needed to pop back to the hotel in between sightseeing. All in all we had a great trip to Florence which was helped by staying in a nice friendly family run hotel. We would definitely recommend it and will stay again if we return to Florence.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Global-Travels
<Content>Hotel Casci - Great Choice Hotel Casci is a small family operated hotel. The property is a 15 minute from walk from the Florence Central Station, Santa Maria Novella.This hotel is a typical 3 star hotel The rooms are small but very comfortable, the bathroom was newly remodeled, spotless and well appointed. Breakfast is adequate, a selection of breads / rolls, hard boiled eggs, fruit, yogurt, etc. There is free internet available in the lounge as well as free wireless in the rooms.The building is 450 years old, and was undergoing some restoration on the building's front. This in no way affected our stay. But you might walk right by the hotel because of the scaffolding. There's a small bar / lounge off the lobby, good pricing for beer, wine, drinks, etc. 3 minute walk to the Academia and in the other direction to the Duomo.The family who operates this hotel is there for your satisfaction. They go beyond what you might expect to insure your satisfaction with their hotel. Laundry service is available (wash and fold) for a very low cost, iron and ironing board is available for your use.The lift is very tiny, adequate to get the luggage from the ground floor entrance to the hotel level. I used the stairs even with luggage.We were very happy with the hotel and especially happy with the friendliness of the staff. You begin to feel like part of the family. As we were heading out one day for touring the desk clerk insisted we take hotel provided umbrellas because it was going to rain. They will provide you with street maps and provide directions, as required. Will also make reservations for the Uffizi and Academia, ask them to do this before you arrive in Florence. Would use this hotel again and have no problem recommending it to others.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>screenname550
<Content>Great Staff The hotel was very nice and the staff was excellent. Very kind and helpful  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bexak
<Content>Convenient and Affordable I would describe this hotel as more of a hostel. Free internet in the bar area (wi-fi for laptop users), common dining area, simply furnished.However, our room was the most spacious of all the hotels we stayed in during our trip through northern Italy. The convenient location adjacent to the duomo was great.The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful.My only complaint is that the air freshener or cleaning agent they used in our room had a very strong odor. We needed to keep the window open to air out the room.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>brightfuture
<Content>Heart of the Historic Centre Family-run hotel. The staff can't do enough to help you enjoy your stay, from booking gallery tickets for you, to telling you which sights not to miss. Rooms are not spacious but they are comfortable, spotless and quiet, although in the heart of the historic centre, 5 minutes from the Duomo. The Accademia Gallery, San Marco and San Lorenzo are close and the Uffizi Gallery is about a 15 minute walk. The station is also a 15 min walk away. If I can visit Florence again, I'll stay here.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>haystacks
<Content>Great Staff We spent three nights at the Hotel Casci in early May and we really can't fault it.The staff were extremely helpful and very friendly, the hotel was spotless, the room comfortable and the central location was perfect (only 200m from the Duomo).There's not much more to add really; for those who haven't been Florence is a wonderful city, perhaps not as unique as Venice and its canals but equally attractive.For a (fairly) reasonably-priced good meal try Za-Za at the Piazza del Mercato Centrale, but be sure to get there early because the queue starts forming after 7:30pm and doesn't clear until 9-9:30pm.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Missusken
<Content>A Gem amongst many in Florence We stayed at the hotel in April 2008.A wonderful place in an ideal location.We were on a six week holiday to Europe and the UK from Australia and this is the sort of place that makes you feel good.Two adults and two boys aged 3 and 4 were made to feel like family friends.The room,the breakfast,the free internet,the service all first class.Florence is the better for the Hotel Casci.If we go again then Hotel Casci it will be.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jeff25
<Content>Excellent location, Great Service My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Casci twice for a total of five nights during our stay in Italy and were very satisfied. The hotel is within walking distance of just about every attraction in the city and a number of reasonably priced restaurants -- for Florence -- are only a few blocks away. The rooms were plain but clean and comfortable. All the equipment worked and there was plenty of hot water. There was free Internet access from a computer in the lobby. What made this hotel stand out, though, was the attentive and friendly service. We took up the hotel staff's offer to make reservations at two popular museums, saving us hours of waiting in lines. The hotel also reconfirmed our return air reservations, held some of our luggage between our two stays, arranged a taxi to the airport for an early morning departure, and gave us a continental breakfast well before the usual breakfast hours to accommodate our early departure. Most of these services were offered before we could ask. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lou046
<Content>Hotel Casci Hotel Casci is a small family run hotel in Florence, well located and convenient to the Duomo and other sites. The staff was a joy to deal with, no request was too small or too much trouble for them. Their restaurant suggestions were wonderful and their customer service was excellent. This was a our first stay in Florence and Hotel Casci was the perfect location. We spent five nights and highly recommend this hotel to future travelers.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shady62
<Content>Friendly and welcoming We stayed at this hotel in the centre of Florence for a couple of nights. It's a minute's walk from the Duomo so not cheap but very welcoming and homely. The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful, and they went out of their way to make our stay pleasant without being in any way intrusive. There's no restaurant, but no shortage of good bars and restaurants nearby and the hotel's recommendations can be relied on. They also have a huge range of up to date reference and guide books and you can have free use of the internet. Don't be put off by the peeling stucco outside, and the entrance hall from the street and the lift which look a little basic - once you reach the second floor reception it's all light and pleasant and surprisingly quiet for that location. We would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trainer5740
<Content>Great location, perfectly nice hotel We stayed at the Hotel Casci on the first 2 nights of our 2 week trip. It was a perfect location, allowing us to get out quickly to see the sights, and make easy visits back for a rest or to freshen up. The staff are absolutely lovely. We had a bit of a crisis and were frantically awaiting a package to be delivered from home; they were exceptionally accommodating and helpful, even when I'm sure we were driving them nuts. The breakfasts were some of the best we had throughout our trip. The room was a reasonable size, and the bathroom was quite large compared to our other stays. The entire hotel was spotless.Our only complaint - and this is a really odd one - is that our room smelled of what we could only describe as cabbage. Our room was towards the back of the hotel, and the smell became evident the further back you walked. We never determined if it was the water and dampness in the room if we didn't leave our windows open (our guess), our someone in the courtyard with a deep love of boiled cabbage. Like I said, very odd. It certainly wouldn't keep us from staying there again. It's also become kind of a fun joke that we still mention.Overall, a great hotel in a city where I'm sure it's easy to pick a bad one. Again, I can't say enough about the staff - just fabulous people.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>praxis8
<Content>Loved Hotel Casci Florence for the second time. Much better hotel. Hotel Casci is second floor of a mediaeval building [lift from entrance hall], 50 yards from the Duomo, and pedestrian shopping centre, 100 yards from Michaelangelo's David (stunning) and Fra Angelico's frescoes at San Marco (uplifting), three doors away from the museum of Leonardos machines (fascinating)... to name a few. Signora Carla Lombardi still presides over the breakfast, with great hospitality, and her son Paolo runs the rest with friendly efficiency. They speak fluent English and several other languages and you only have to bring a need to them and they go the extra mile with smiles and care. They gave good recommendations for restaurants, money-changing, transport arrangements and museums - booking tickets and tables in advance. The room (No 20) was very pleasantly appointed and a cool comfortable refuge from the mid-afternoon warmth. The breakfasts were substantial and varied and the coffee was great! Would recommend it to anyone looking for friendly atmosphere, service and comfort.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DLCB
<Content>Great hotel to stay at while in Florence We stayed at the Casci for 3 nights in April and had a wonderful time and echo the sentiments shared by many in other reviews of the Hotel Casci. Paolo and his family are very customer service oriented and go out the way to make sure you have a good stay and are as comfortable as possible. My family of 4 stayed in a spacious room that was very comfortable. The hotels location is central to all of the main Florence sights and the train station. We enjoyed our access to the public computer so we could check e-mail over the course of our stay. We would strongly encourage anyone to stay at the Casci while in Florence.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JeannieBrice
<Content>Friendly, Relaxed        You can see the top of the Duomo!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>STH54
<Content>Great find What a great little hotel! We had 6 people (3 rooms) and every single person thought it was a true gem. Though the hotel itself is fairly small and located on the 2F, the location is perfect for sightseeing in Florence - an easy 5 minute walk to about all of the major attractions in the central district. The rooms are very comfortable and fairly large considering the location and age of the property. The bathrooms are very modern and spotless - we even had towel wamers and bidets. The rooms include modern flat screen TVs and all rooms have free access to WiFi internet. The lobby has a large selection of travel books that make planning sightseeing and side trips easy. The breakfasts are great with an assortment of fruit, bread, cereal, eggs and cheese. But - the absolute best thing about the hotel are the hosts. It is a family run property and EVERYONE becomes an instant friend! They go out of their way to make your stay enjoyable and you really do feel like you're leaving behind a friend when the day comes to check out.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JT54
<Content>Hotel Casci's a Gem Based our hotel decision in Florence solely on the rave reviews found here on tripadvisor.com--and they were spot on. Hotel Casci is a delight. European simple (actually, the rooms are rather spacious compared to most), moderately priced, clean, modern bathrooms, flat screen TV, internet, fabulous location, good breakfast, etc. But without doubt the BEST feature are the hosts. Quite simply, Paolo and family get it. Service, attention, kindness, efficiency, all going the extra mile, from Paolo himself to the night desk managers, at any hour, to the cheerful service staff. We were in and out of Florence for ten days, and during our absences our remaining bags were stored then transferred and waiting for us in our new rooms on each of our returns. One night, our daughter (studying in Florence for the semester) joined us, which Paolo graciously allowed with no objection (imagine that in a U.S. hotel...). And everyone seemed to be up to speed on the details of our comings and goings. Paolo even helped me locate a doctor to treat my uncomfortable sinus infection. Don't be putt off by the ancient elevator or the third floor lobby, Casci is a find and will be our hotel of choice for our future Florence visits.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chicago-777
<Content>Great hotel We loved everything about Hotel Casci. The family/staff is welcoming and eager to help with reservations and suggestions. There is free wi-fi and also a computer in the lobby, a library of paperbacks previous visitors have left (what a great idea!), and a location central to everything in Florence. Our room was large and had a large bathroom; a friend staying at the same time had a tiny room but with a nice balcony. Rooms have flat screen TVs and a safe, and are kept immaculately clean. The breakfast -hard boiled eggs, fruit, pastry etc is fine. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harsil
<Content>The Florence hotel for us Don't be put off by the climb up the staircase (or the lift) to the hotel's first floor entrance! The welcome was warm and the care and service first class. The hotel is clean, quiet and serves a very good breakfast. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yogibear21
<Content>Great Hotel !! Hotel Casci is a great hotel couple of blocks or so from the Duomo. This is a great central location and you can walk to most, if not all, of Florence's major sights from here. The staff is super friendly and accomodating. They recommended restaurants and helped us make reservations, suggested day trips and explained how to get there and also reserved tickets for us at the Uffizi and Accademia.In short, they were wonderful and ensured we had a pleasant stay in Florence.The hotel itself is very nice too. Our room was spacious, clean and quite. Bathroom was a little tight but not a problem. Who's in Italy for the bathroom? ;-). There was a TV with a DVD player and a safe. They had a collection of DVDs you can rent out, which we never checked out...but it is available. Plenty of books to borrow from their library too. Check-in and checkout was smooth too.Breakfast was great....they had assorted breads, cereal, pastries, hard-boiled eggs and fruits. (May have missed couple of more items.) . Paolo's mother-in-law, who is usually around the breakfast area in the mornings is very charming sweet lady!! And to top it off it all, they have free wi-fi throughout the hotel and a computer for public use with internet incase you dont have your laptop with you.We will definitely stay here again if we go back to Florence and whole heartedly recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChiTown2004
<Content>Great Location! Great Service! I stayed for two nights over Easter and loved it! It's an easy walk to most points of interest, including the train station. The staff was accommodating and friendly... would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>apogeea
<Content>Can't be beat!! This family run hotel is a Gem and a great place to stay with kids. Perfect location, spotless rooms and wonderful breakfast. The family will do anything to make your stay enjoyable. We shared a quad with our 2 children and were all perfectly comfortable. Loved this place, would look no further next time I was in Florence.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MikeofYork
<Content>Great Hotel We have just returned from a wonderful four nights stay in this excellent hotel. Our room was spacious and well appointed with multi-language television and DVD player. The bed was large and comfortable and the en suite was modern and spotless. The self service breakfast is extensive and efficiently run. There is free WiFi throughout and free internet access in reception. The management and staff could not be more helpful and everyone involved is extremely friendly and welcoming. A real home from home. Impossible to find fault and when we visit Florence again this will be our first choice.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AMYWISS
<Content>Great Place This Hotel is run by a wonderful staff. The location was excellent - within 2 blocks from the Duomo and a short walk from most everything else in town. The staff spoke great English and were very helpful by making advance reservations for us at the museums.They had a wonderful breakfast each morning with many choices and a helpful staff to get you what you wanted. They had free internet in the lobby for guest use anytime of the day. Our room had a large screen tv with a dvd player and a nice selection of movies available in several languages.They also had a great selection of novels and many travel guides available for guest use. We loved it and would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Madrebt
<Content>Great Service       Be watchful or you might miss the sign.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Martin-Dawn
<Content>Friendly staff !! Excellent hotel in a very central location. The owners and staff could not have been more friendly or helpful, nothing seems to be too much trouble. The room was kept very clean with towels changed daily. The breakfast buffet was excellent. The only down side to the whole hotel was the entrance as it is on the second floor accessed by a lift.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to all.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nisk
<Content>Part of the family This simply appointed and spotless clean hotel was in a prime location for my family of 4. The staff was extremely helpful in advising us on our daily plans right down to making dinner reservations for us. Would gladly recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again myself. You must try the hot chocolate for breakfast. The owner makes it from scratch and it was the best we ever tasted.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KarenNY66
<Content>Loved the Hotel Casci! We stayed in the Hotel Casci in March 2008 because of good reviews on this website. This hotel lived up to my expectations and more! First of all I loved the people there - I think it is a family run hotel... from the front desk people (especially Pierrepaolo!), to the lady who presides over breakfast in the morning (who I think is the mom), right down to the housekeeping. I couldn't have been more pleased. Loved the little bar area in the lobby, where you could get on the internet for free, get an espresso or glass of wine. This hotel really spoiled me and made me disappointed in where we stayed in Rome! Our room was spacious, had a new bathroom with a big window which opened for fresh air (with a screen). And there were two English channels on the TV, which I didn't fully appreciate until I got to Rome and had only Italian TV. I would highly recommend this hotel - it is also in a great location, just down the street from the Duomo.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MichiganTravelnut68
<Content>Friendly, Clean and great location. We recently spent 3 nights here with another couple. We found the hotel in a tourist guide and called and made a reservation for one night thinking that if we didnt like it we could find another hotel when in Florence. Turns out we lucked out finding this place. It is kinda hard to find, sign outside is tiny and hotel is located on the second floor, however it is an easy walk from the train station and to all the sites. There are also several very good restraunts that are only a short easy walk to get to. The staff at the hotel are incredibley friendly and helpfull. They made reservations for us at the Accademia and the Uffizzi, otherwise we would have stood in line for hours! They also recommended the great restraunts we ate at and gave us very easy and accurate directions to get to whatever site we were going to. The rooms are spacious for European standards and our bathroom was huge! They are also spotless! And I never once heard noise from outside or in the hallways or the rooms next door. The breakfast is good, the homemade yogurt is great, and the ladies that run it are always checking to see if you need something. They even opened the breakfast early for us when we had an early departure for a day of sight seeing in Rome. Nice little wine store next door and a place few doors down that sells kabobs, which were sandwichs in a pita, that were out of this world!!! Overall a great place, great staff, great location and great price! We couldnt have done better!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yeadonite
<Content>Wonderful Family Run Hotel My 80 year old Dad and I stayed at this hotel for 5 days in March 2008. The owners went out of their way to help us at every turn. My Dad liked sitting at a certain table, they would always let him sit there. They gave him a room close to the reception area. One day I mentioned that his knees hurt, they offered to go get ice for his knees. One day I lost my hat and said I was going back to the restaurant to get it they said no we will call so you don鈥檛 have to. The list goes on and on. We got 4 star services at a 2 star price. The rooms and property are meticulously maintained. We got CNN and BBC news on our flat screen TVS. The breakfast was quite substantial. The location is wonderful! This hotel is not fancy. I would recommend this hotel over a higher star more expensive property based on the service.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jaskev
<Content>Practically perfect in every way! What everyone says is true. This place is a gem. The staff /owners could write a book on how to do it right. They are gracious, helpful and friendly without being overly familiar or unprofessional. They know their city backwards and make fantastic recommendations for restaurants, etc.First of all, the location could only be better if it was situated on the roof of the Duomo! You are one block from the famous leather market and 3 blocks from the Duomo and only a short 10 minute stroll to the train station or bus station. Everything is within easy walking distance.We had a quad room that was almost 2 rooms in one. The main room had a king size bed and the ante room, separated by pillars housed two single beds. The kids loved being in their own room while still really in ours. Quite a unique set up. The room also included a flat screen TV (quite large, too) and a DVD player. Free internet and a laptop were available in the lobby.The bathroom was very large with a deep soaking tub, heated towel rack and powerful, hot shower. As noted by many of the other posters, the towels are different all right but they are very absorbent so no complaints.The hotel is deceptively large and extends back into very quiet courtyard. The shutters on the room make it pitch black, even in the daytime - perfect if you need a nap. Or open them right up for some fresh air. Breakfast, served in a large dining area, is plentiful with cakes, breads, yogurt, eggs, cheese, ham, freshly brewed cappuccino, espresso, etc. Basically whatever you might want. While I didn't have it, my kids swear that the hot chocolate was so good it tasted like a melted chocolate bar.All in all, it is very hard to find fault with this very comfortable hotel. My family is in complete agreement that this was our favourite of the 5 hotels we stayed at during our trip.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nadinetd
<Content>great location and value We stayed at the Hotel Casci during the summer of 2007. The hotel rooms and baths were clean and well maintained. The location was perfect. We walked everywhere! The staff was friendly and very helpful -- their recommendations on restaurants were spot on. We would definitely return. Have recommended to others already who have stayed there and enjoyed their stay.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Maidstoneblue
<Content>Excellent service from a family run hotel. I have been lucky enough to have travelled to 50 counties and have never stayed in a more friendly hotel than this. It is a family run hotel and the staff and the management couldn't do enougn for us.Even before we had arrived, Pierpaulo had booked advance tickets for the Uffizi and David at convenient times for us.It's not the most attractive hotel from the outside and there is an even less attractive lift to get you to reception, but once you are there, the facilities are excellent for a 2 star hotel.The positioning also couldn't be better, being 3 minutes from the Duomo and David.I can honestly say the service we received was better than some 5 star hotels I have stayed in in the past and we would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel to any potential visitors. In fact if we go back, we wouldn't even think about staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>K_GirlLondon
<Content>Great value, loved the breakfast If you are looking for a budget hotel in Florence, this is the place to stay. You get a lot for your Euros here.Hotel Casci is family run, very clean but basic. Don't expect 4 star service or any bellboys to help you up the 2 flights of stairs with your luggage. You can take a small lift if need be. From outside it doesn't look like much. The rooms are quite dated and the bed was a bit hard, but you get a t.v., clean sheets, and an immaculately clean bathroom  a soaker tub. The tub came in handy after a long day of walking around! By the reception area, they have a cafe where you can chill out, have a coffee/wine, read a paper, a book or use their free internet service. They have numerous Italy travel books on hand as well.Breakfast is included in your stay and consists of hard or soft boiled eggs, pastries, bread, cereals, fruit, cappucino's, orange juice, etc. It's a great way to start your day in Florence. Hotel Casci is also very close to all the major city sights, Duomo, Acadamia  Uiffizzi gallery were not too far of a walk. Great shopping close by too. The staff is also very happy to help you find a good restaurant  make reservations for you after your day out.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>clq
<Content>Great Hotel I first stayed at Hotel Casci in 2004, recommended it to friends and returned last week. I was not disappointed. This is a gem! It is within easy walking distance of the train station, a stone's throw from the Duomo and close to all other sites. Rooms vary in size but are comfortable and spotlessly clean. The owner and employees speak excellent English and will help with any queries. I have stayed in many European cities and I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. A word of warning - after many years of taking European city breaks I fell victim to a pickpocketing scam at Pisa Central railway station. Whatever you do, wear a body belt and beware anyone pushing by you.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pjcareyyou
<Content>Great hotel in Florence We stayed at this wonderful hotel for seven days in Florence.The hotel is family run and we were treated like family. After leaving for a few days in Rome and returning we were greeted like returning family. Breakfasts were great and served in a lovely room with the opportunity to talk to fellow travelers in a comfortable and homey atmosphere.The staff were quite helpful in providing information about traveling. Our room was quite nice and the bathroom was very modern and comfortable. Computer access was available through wireless in the room or in the lobby at a computer.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely go back.The location in the heart of Florence is great. We would highly recommend a stay here.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ThaiFemaleTraveler
<Content>Absolutely Love Hotel Casci! We stayed there for two nights in February 2008. The hotel is conveniently located, within a walking distance from the train station and other major attractions in Florence. The room is so clean, spacious, and nicely decorated. The bathroom is also just great. I personally love their towels. I've never seen any hotels use this type of materials for towels before (they are like highly absorbent cotton sheets). The breakfast is also very good. Free Internet in the main lobby and also free WIFI throughout the hotel. The family who runs the hotel is very friendly and helpful. We would definitely recommend this hotel to our firends and will stay there again if we return to Florence.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twosean
<Content>Great 2 star hotel Don't be put off by the entrance to this hotel - a dark building in a busy street and that you have to take an old elevator to the second floor to reach the reception. We had a very pleasant stay at hotel Casci. This was our first trip to Florence. The staff were extremely nice and did everything they could to help us. They even went as far as bringing breakfast back out one morning when we were late getting up (a busy day trip the previous day exhausted us). The staff will book tours etc for you. They also have a very large collection of guide books that they allow you to borrow. This proved very useful during our day trips to Siena (A must) and Pisa.The room was large (as European city hotel go) and spotlessly clean. Even though our room faced out on a busy road there wasn't the slightest noise. We could hear the shower in the next room but this didn't bother us much. Remember that this is a 2 star hotel so don't be expect rich surrounding of a good three star hotel or higher. The location was brilliant and everything was within easy walking distance. The train station is close so it great for day trips.Breakfast was included with the price of the room. They was a good mix of foods for breakfast and it ensured a good start to the day.I would definitely stay here again if I ever returned to Florence. Even on leaving all the staff were out to shake our hands and to wish us a Bon Voyage. We were also given a calender of Florence on leaving (a nice touch).Thanks Hotel Casci Staff for a wonderful trip to Florence.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>mnpaddy
<Content>Great location and welcoming hosts Our recent trip to Italy was made memorable by the owners and staff of the small hotels we stayed in, including the Casci. The room was spotless, warm and comfortable. The owners were always available to answer any questions or give directions. They even made reservations ahead of our arrival for a local museum at our request. Each morning the breakfast selection was presented very nicely in a bright dining area. Don't hesitate to stay at this hotel...I even received gentle coaching on my attempts at speaking a few Italian phrases.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>givengo2000
<Content>Loved the Hotel Casci We recently stayed at the Hotel Casci for 4 nights and would highly recommend it. The hotel is located within walking distance of the train station, the Duomo and all of downtown Florence. We never took a cab. The hotel is clean and comfortable, but the best part were the people who run it. It is owned and operated by a family and they go out of their way to make you feel welcome and relaxed. The breakfast is wonderful. The price is very reasonable. I was advised to go there by friends who spent time there several years ago and their recommendation was right on.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Capitol Hill
<Content>Hotel Casci Goes the Extra Mile We just returned from a three-night stay at the Hotel Casci, our second stay in two years. If anything, the quality of the rooms, especially the bathrooms, has improved since our first stay. And the folks who run it, especially the signora/owner and desk guy PierPaolo, keep an eye out for your happiness and satisfaction. Compared to other hotels, here's what that attentive service and concern gets you: when something does go wrong, as it did with our hot water supply on the first morning, it was all hands on deck to fix the problem---quickly and effectively. As the problem was being attended to, the signora showed us several other rooms she would move us to immediately in case the problem could not be resolved quickly or if we simply wanted a different room. Now that's concern for the guests!Another touching note---as we were enjoying breakfast our last morning, the signora was visably upset because a special cake she had delivered every morning for the breakfast had not arrived. She got on the phone with the pastry shop and very pointedly offered to walk down to the Piazza San Marco herself to fetch the cake if it could not be delivered on time.The cake arrived just as we stepped into the elevator---with the signora following us out the door offering to wrap cake for our voyage. Now that's service!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roy2casts
<Content>Location and hosts were terrific We stayed at the Hotel Casci in Florence for seven nights in mid-February 2008. The location - right near the Duomo - made getting around Florence very easy. Room was spacious and breakfast was very welcome and ample. But the highlight of Casci were all the hosts who were so very helpful with everything. All of them were very friendly, spoke at least English, French, Italian, Spanish (and probably other languages as well) and made us feel at home. They made reservations for us at the local museums, recommended restaurants and then made the reservations! We would return to Casci again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Babydoc581
<Content>Great hotel in a great location! Pierpaolo was very helpful. The Hotel Casci was the perfect choice for me during my vacation to Florence this past summer. I think many people are hesitant when making reservations in another country. But Hotel Casci lived up to all the reviews I had read. It is a quait hotel with a very homey atmosphere. My room was emaculate and though small, very comfortable. The hotel is very centrally located and this made getting around and seeing the sites much easier.Pierpaolo was so very helpful and very pleasant ! Whenever I had questions ( I had alot) , needed recommendations for dining , needed directions or anything , he was able to help me. That is invaluable and very reassuring to a foreigner in an unfamiliar country. I was traveling alone so this was even more important to me.I look forward to a return visit to Florence and will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LauraKildare
<Content>Wonderful Place, cant wait to go back The Hotel Casci is one of the lovelist places I 've ever stayed. It's a family run hotel, I stayed there with my sister for 4 day and we were sorry we coulnt stay longer. If you do go there try Za Za's for dinner, the reception recomended it to us and we loved it so much we eat there every night. I'm still dreaming of the food  wine.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>littlesparrow7
<Content>Great little hotel near Duomo! Hotel Casci was a great choice for our stay in Florence. It's cute and cozy. The location is perfect -- we walked everywhere! The staff was welcoming and friendly. Pierpaolo was very helpful with great suggestions for restaurants and live music including a cool jazz bar. He even booked our visit to museums. Pierpaolo is a true professional and a great ambassador for Florence! We've told all our friends and family to go there when next they travel.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>itchyfeet50
<Content>Central, friendly and quiet Family-run small hotel within walking distance to all major sights. Our room (no 3 on the front) was quiet - good double-glazing and traffic is restricted in centre anyway. Breakfast was good and we had the opportunity to talk to others on 4 seater tables. Both the owners and their manager, Pierpaolo, were extremely helpful with directions, bookings, suggestions etc.Good value too.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hozkhar
<Content>Like being at home While I was looking for a hotel to stay as a part of our honey moon in Florence I founded very good reviews in tripadvisor.com about hotel Casci, but what surprised me the most was the price everybody said they payed.At first I tough it was a part of a promotion or something like that because is hard to find a hotel that gives the kind of service it does for the price the charge.I found out in their webpage and confirm it was cheap.Then when we got to Florence in our honey moon we confirm it was very good to.The hotel has a very good location, you can walk to all the atractions in the city: You are 2 minutes away of the duomo.The hotel is served by the family of Paollo and Pierre Paolo and their mother. They are very kind people who make the impossible for make you happy.They made for us the reservations for going to the Ufizzi Galerry and for Academy Gallery, by the way, this last place is just one and a have block from the hotel.Breakfast was very good, with bread, jam, salame, jelly, fruit and very delicious capuccino made by the mother of Paollo.The room, number 2, was big, really really big, with air condition, and a bathroom that is good for people with disabilities. The room was very private and they gave as a bottle of champagne and a greetings card as a present for our wedding.I think they speak english, spanish and of course italian in the hotel, may be some other language.We payed 180 euros for 2 nights with breakfast included.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mathbiker
<Content>Very enjoyable  My wife and I stayed at the Casci Hotel , Florence for eight nights and found the hotel to be our favorite of all we stayed in during our three-week visit to Italy (Rome, Florence, Siena  Lucca). The staff was very friendly and helpful to us in arranging our visit. We had not traveled to Europe in 20 years (children, college, mortgage, our elder parents, etc) so we were more than a little nervous in making all of our arrangements via the Internet. Our correspondence with them was very responsive and warmly worded, with every assurance that all our needs would be taken care of with their assistance. When we arrived and some needs arose, the staff was extremely helpful and kind, with everything working out well for us. For example: advance reservation tickets to galleries, send-out laundry service, luggage storage while we took a few days away to visit nearby cities, each adding to our enjoyment of our trip. The rooms were quiet at night (some daytime construction noise next-door), very clean and pleasant, comfortable with private bathroom ( with full bath tub/shower ).The breakfast buffet had a large variety of warm and cold choices, including healthy and filling, for an active day of walking and touring the city. Breakfast choices included juice, fresh, warm hard-boiled eggs , yogurt, and fresh fruit, hot and cold cereals, some tasty treats and, of course, tea, hot coffee and cappuccino. We appreciated the attractive breakfast room, and the chance to share tips with other travelers/guests seated near. There was also an adjoining area to relax, get coffee or tea at any time, access e-mail, and get advice from the desk. Management was always very kind, helpful, happy to suggest some favorite walks, restaurants, etc.The hotel is centrally located, one and a half blocks from Duomo, making walking the city, the galleries, churches, plazas, and vistas very accessible. We felt safe, comfortable walking day and night from our hotel through the area, down to the river, and across to the palace. We had a wonderful visit to Florence, and appreciate the very considerate and helpful family management at the Casci Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Senior60+
<Content>Great Place for Personal Service I echo the positive reviews written in January 2008. Rather than bore you with more details, here are a few additional notes.Staff - after one day, they will all at least know you by sight, if not by name. They are friendly and helpful. Everyone speaks English.Furnishings - My room appeared to have been renovated recently with modern furnishings and bathroom.Breakfast - I liked the ability to prepare my own soft-boiled eggs and toast. The espresso machine was great - decent cappuccino was ready in about 30 seconds after the push of a button .The room was very quiet 99% of the time. However, I could hear people walking by in the hallway and it seemed that just as I was falling asleep, I would hear someone walk by. Also, the neighboring room's wall mounted hair dryer woke us up regularly at 7:30 AM. As far as I was concerned, this issue was minor compared with the overall positives of the hotel. But, one might consider taking earplugs as a precaution - good advice for most European cities.Our winter rate of 81 Euros per night was good value, I thought.I would definetely stay at this hotel again.By the way, it's on the second floor according to European numbering but it's actually on the third physical floor. No problem with the small elevator always available.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Seein-stuff
<Content>Great hospitality We had a great experience at the Hotel Casci. I wrote a review in December 2006 but it did not seem to get posted鈥o I am writing a second review.My wife, a friend and I were traveling through north central Italy and stayed at the Hotel Casci for three nights. The family that runs the hotel is so hospitable and friendly we felt like old friends rather than customers. Do not worry if you don鈥檛 speak Italian, the staff speak English. The hotel is on the second floor of the building, which feels a bit odd upon first arrival; just use the lift to get to the lobby.Our room was in the back of the hotel so we did not have much of a view out of our window but it was certainly quiet. The breakfast is great with a decent selection of foods as far as typical European breakfasts go. The room was clean and a comfortable size for three of us and the location is fantastically convenient to many popular areas of Florence; we walked to the river, the Uffizi, the Duomo, the art museum, and we even walked to and from the train station with our luggage (we do not recommend this unless you are young and fit).We will certainly stay at the Hotel Casci again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EmbyWisconsin
<Content>Convenient location, gracious hosts What a delight to find this small hotel so centrally located for our three days in Florence. My daughter and I easily walked from the train station to the hotel, with excellent directions from Mr. Lombardi. The hotel is walkably close to the Duomo, markets, museums, and restaurants. Our hosts also made our reservations at the Accademia and the Uffizi, so we didn鈥檛 have to wait long in line. Our room was spacious and clean with crisp white linens and comfortable beds. We enjoyed the ample breakfast fare with local pastries, the wonderful coffee, and the helpful library of travel books and maps. A pleasant, gracious staff made us feel like family. Many of our fellow-guests shared our favorable opinion of Hotel Casci. I would definitely stay there again. The only downside was that our room could have used a little more heat, since November nights can be a little chilly.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Lalger17
<Content>Perfect choice for the Budget Conscious - Superb My family and I (wife: 36; son: 15 months; me: 37) stayed at the Hotel Casci for eight nights in November, 2007. It was our first trip abroad with our son, and we were somewhat nervous about how he would adapt to the rigors of travel (and whether he would drive everyone else around us insane). Our worries were for naught -- the trip was fantastic, and our stay at Casci played a big part in making it so. The following are our thoughts on a thoroughly enjoyable stay:LOCATION: Tough to beat; the hotel is approx. 3 blocks from the Duomo. It's also just a few blocks from the Accademia  the Medici Chapels, to name a few more sites, and it's approx. a 10-minute walk from the train station and bus depots. OUR ROOM: clean, updated, with ample space; large double-bed; plenty of closet space, TV w/ remote  major international news channels in a variety of languages; the room was well-maintained and cleaned by the staff daily. Our room was very quiet, but it was to the rear of the hotel, so we can't comment on whether traffic noise is an issue. The hotel apparently has Wi-Fi in all the rooms, as well as air-conditioning.OUR BATHROOM: large, well-lit; excellent shower  bathtub with plenty of hot water; contemporary sink, toilet  bidet (if that's important to you); sufficient shelf space.STAFF: Simply Superb. For example, in the chaos of leaving, we left behind some relatively expensive prints we had purchased on our trip. We simply contacted the hotel, provided our credit card info, and they arranged to ship it here to the States. The front desk staff were friendly, always ready to help. They spoke flawless English, and appeared to be equally comfortable speaking German and French, at least. Every day the mother of the family who runs the hotel presided over breakfast, making sure you didn't need anything else. The cleaning staff was likewise friendly and hard-working. Everyone was kind and patient with our son. Our favorite staff member -- the receptionist Pierre, who was always ready to help, provide advice, make a reservation, or simply have a friendly chat. Lastly, the hotel responded quickly to all our e-mails.RECEPTION AREA: pleasant sitting area/bar with a computer available for guest use; the internet access was perfectly fast. The shelves are stocked full with an assortment of travel guides, both current and past editions, which you can borrow during your stay (we certainly did; a nice feature I have not noticed in other similar hotels we have stayed in).BREAKFAST: included with your stay. The hotel daily sets out a wide assortment of foods buffet-style: healthy cereals, hard- soft- boiled eggs, fresh fruit, croissants, pasteries, yogurt, mini rustic pizzas, coffee  tea, fruit juices, etc. It's more than enough to start the day, and there is plenty of room in the dining area, with approx. 8-10 tables.FAMILIES: the hotel provided us with a crib in our room, which the staff turned down everyday with our son's little Mickey Mouse (awww....). The staff was accomodating in every possible way, and there were guests of all ages, from our 15-month old to the elderly. A variety of nationalities were represented as well.NEGATIVES: truthfully, none. If forced, one could complain that the elevator is a bit cramped, but that's true for almost every European hotel located in a centuries-old building; moreover, if that's your biggest problem, lucky you. Otherwise, its hard to find fault unless you were expecting a 5-star hotel for a 2/3-star price. The only types of traveler who might not like it here are (1) those looking for a loud, late-night, party atmosphere, or (2) those looking for luxury. Of course, Casci is perfectly comfortable.RECOMMENDED?: ABSOLUTELY.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>carrolltina1
<Content>We loved Hotel Casci...pass the hot chocolate.       Me, at the top of the Duomo.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jeffroyboy
<Content>Great Value Great value in a great location. Paolo was a great host (and easy on the eyes). I was also taken with the generous breakfast. The room was small but clean and the bed was comfortable. I would definitely come back as this is a great value for Florence.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kmacincali
<Content>Fantastic Location! Upon arrival at Hotel Casci I was greeted with a great big smile from PierPaolo. He was so kind and helpful, suggested a great place for dinner (ZaZa) and made me feel welcome. My room was comfortable and super clean. The staff is awesome and is happy to help with directionsand reservations for tours, museums. The location of the hotel is perfect, just down the street from the Duomo and the great outdoor markets. You can walk to everything. The hotel offers free internet (which is awesome when traveling) and Italian breakfast. Pier also makes the best cafe latte's in Florence, great in the afternoon after all of that walking! You start to feel like you are a part of the family after a few days. I accidentally left my passport, ipod and jewelry! in the hotel safe when I checked out and all were returned safely to me when I got back from Venice. I highly recommend Hotel Casci and would definitely stay there next time I am in Florence. Happy Travels!!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viaggiatore1947
<Content>Hotel Casci what a Gem Following a recommendation from a friend I decided to give this hotel a try - WELL - what a gem it turned out to be and the friend who recommended it to me is a friend for life. The hotel is ideally located in the centre of this historic city, ideally placed for sightseeing. It was spotlessly clean, the management and staff really did everything to make the experience a home from home. I can't wait to return to this beautiful city and would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Gottahavemycuppajoe
<Content>Okay hotel...staff was great.... Not as close to the train station as we would have liked, but it was easy to get to by bus (which we did take). Very informative Web site, including directions how to get to hotel.Room was okay; small, bathroom small, but clean, so that was good. Breakfast was okay--coffee was surprisingly good (not espresso, regular coffee). Very friendly and helpful hotel staff.Complimentary Internet access, which was great, to check e-mails (naturally). Also, they had available for sale, bottled watter and snacks, which was great!Very, very close to attractions such as the Duomo and other monuments., so that was very nice.Restaurant choices (with reasonable prices) were far and few between, relative to being close to the hotel. The one meal we did have at this restaurant was okay, but very, very expensive.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>AldwJones
<Content>Very good all round The reviews are right - the hotel is a lovely family based hotel well located to all facilities.It is on the second floor so you have to go into a small lift but the reception and welcome is first class. They are genuine and good hoteliers. Nothing is too much trouble.The breakfast is a buffet style one: toast, boiled eggs etc but adequate. You can have a beer at night in the reception area.If you ask where to eat the hotel will tell you. There are some good restaurants nearby.Tips: Mondays are mainly closed for Florence museums. A bit disappointing if you have booked a long weekend. This includes the statue 'David' which is nearby. It is not the end of the world but if you are time limited watch Mondays!There is a good Da Vinci museum about 40 yards away - good for the kids. It is a little interactive and fascinating.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carolinaslowboat
<Content>Friendly place in a busy city My wife and I stayed for two nights the last week of October and found the Hotel Casci to be one of the best places we stayed in Italy. The owners were very friendly and welcoming. They were very helpful and really seemed to care. They made reservations for us to see the David and the Ufizzi Gallery. The breakfast was sensational. The room was very clean and modern.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scoutnp
<Content>Great little hotel in the heart of Florence We chose to stay at this hotel after reading reviews in travel books and on this site. We were not disappointed! This is a great, reasonably priced, centrally located hotel -- within walking distance of all the major attractions and the train station. Our room was clean and comfortable enough for our family of four. The mini fridge was a big plus. Breakfast was plentiful, and the staff attentive. The proprietors were unfailingly courteous, friendly, and very helpful, even personally contacting us via email before we arrived to help us make reservations for the museums. The atmosphere was family-friendly, always a concern for us as parents of a 4 and 5 year old. I would definitely stay here again, and I will recommend this to friends.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Sarge56
<Content>You're not a guest--- you're family! What can we add to all the other glowing reviews? This was like a home, not a hotel. The staff was so warm and friendly and helpful. Pierpaulo made our restaurant reservations and we had our best meal in all of Italy at one of those restaurants (Semidivino). (and the man wasn't hard to look at, either!) hahaRoom was much larger than anticipated, high ceilings and lots of room to spread out and unpack; large wardrobe, comfortable beds. We had 2 twins in room #6.Bath was small, but adequate.The personal attention you get here makes it feel like a 5-star! And free internet was a bonus. Breakfast was lovely and probably our best continental in all of Italy, too.Central location was simply serendipitous! Buon giorno!!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AJKvcs
<Content>Grazie Casci What can we say? Convenient and Fantastic location, clean comfortable rooms, great breakfast, personable and knowledgeable staff who we perplexed with an off the wall request for a good Enoteca nearby, which turned out to be our best dinner out of the whole trip. When we realized we left our annotated guidebook for our whole trip on the plane, they were more than happy to lend us one of theirs (they have huge library...) and make recommendations for us. Reservations for both restaurants and museums were handled quickly and efficiently as were recommendtaions when to go and in what order; all without making you feel it was an annoyance or imposition.We just can't recommend it highly enough. It was an absoulte gem of an experience. It may sound strange but we really did feel special here, we were very well looked after and taken care of.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Maria_HWisconsin
<Content>Excellent Choice! We have just returned from a fabulous 2 weeks in Italy and the 2 nights we spent in Florence at the Hotel Casci were definitely part of our great trip. I agree with many others posting about the Hotel Casci: 1. Location is GREAT! 5 minutes walking to the Duomo and the Academia and San Marco. 10 minutes walking to the Uffizi, the Bargello, Ponte Vecchio, etc... The Central City Supermarket is right around the corner. Within a couple of blocks are lots of restaurant choices from self service cafeterias to traditional trattorias.2. Hotel staff are friendly, helpful, and gracious. We were always greeted warmly when we left for our morning sightseeing or evening dinner they wished us well. Specifically they helped with city maps, restaurant recommendations, offered to make museum reservations (but I had done this on my own), gave us information on a travel agent around the corner who booked our train tickets to Rome free of charge, etc...3. Breakfast buffet was tasty and more than adequate with good coffee, cereal, yogurt, juice, hard and soft boiled eggs, pastries, etc... 4. Rooms were small but sparkling clean (totally typical European size rooms) and furnished simply but adequately. Beds were comfortable. This was a GREAT 2 star hotel and the value was unbeatable for 90 euros (off season cash price).We would certainly stay there again.Maria H., Wisconsin, USA  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>comforttraveler25
<Content>Loved Casci--service was top notch We actually found Hotel Casci after a night spent in our first hotel, with which we were not very pleased. We lugged our bags over to the Casci, asked if they had a room, and what the price would be. Imagine our surprise when not only did they have a room, but we would be saving hundreds of euros over our previous booking, which was loud and uncomfortable. The rooms are sufficient--nothing fancy at all, but you don't spend a ton of time in your room.More than anything, what made the Hotel Casci stand out for us was the service. Just coming in to the greetings of Ciao! made us smile. And they knew our names the first time and every time we checked in. I felt as though they genuinely wanted to help make our stay amazing, and it was. We felt like we were staying with a friendly family, but still had our privacy. The breakfast was very cute and filling. I loved the addition of eggs that could be hard or soft boiled. The recommendations and reservations that were made for us made our trip to Florence out of this world. We can state honestly that our visit was single-handedly enhanced by the staff at the Casci--they were more than willing to make suggestions, make reservations, make phone calls for us (am still so perplexed by the Italian phone system) to confirm reservations and such. We loved them. If someone is looking for top-notch service where the staff geniunely cares about you, this is the place to go! I also loved that there was internet access on a computer in the front near the check-in desk.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mac1950
<Content>Fabulous Hotel experience Charming hotel in the heart of Florence. Extremely clean room and bathroom and Paolo at the front desk was most helpful with tours, restaurants and general information. This is a gem of a find!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gerta01
<Content>Paolo was awesome!...Pierre was cool, too! Upon our arrival at Hotel Casci we were greeted by a very helpful and pleasant Pierre. Upon entering our room (Room #6), we were pleased to find a nice note and a bottle of champagne waiting for us as we were on our honeymoon. Pierre made a great recommendation for dinner at Za Za which is right around the corner in the market area. The next morning, we enjoyed a nice breakfast and were particularly impressed with the outstanding service provided by Paolo. Paolo was instrumental in securing two museum reservations for us; to Uffizi and Accademia. By asking for assistance, he saved us HOURS as we missed all of the long lines for entry and could really enjoy the history and art that we were in Florence to see. We stayed at Hotel Casci for two nights. On the morning of our departure, Paolo was again at our service. He called our next hotel in Amalfi to make sure that we had transportation from the train station to the hotel and also recommended a travel agent around the corner from Casci to help up book the remainder of our train tickets for our journey. Although the rooms are modest in size and decor, the friendliness of the staff more than compensates. Hotel Casci is an excellent value for the money - to have safe and clean accomodations in a location that is excellent for tourists to enjoy the cultural highlights of Florence. We would definitely recommend Hotel Casci -=- you will be treated as an old friend.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>xanner757
<Content>Friendly People We stayed at the hotel for seven days. It was very comfortable and convenient. The people were all very nice and helpful. The lady serving us breakfast was attentive and pleasant. The ability to have free internet access was wonderful. The room was big and spotless. Also, the hotel employees were helpful when giving directions, making dinner reservations, and having our clothes laundered. Thank you for making our visit so nice. SR  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kkppff
<Content>Nice Hotel with great service This hotel is an excellent option that provides a great location. The rooms don't provide great ambience but are a very good size with private bath refridgerator and comfortable bed. The rooms were clean.  Breakfast was provided in a nice sized lobby area. See their website for details. It was nice to be about a 3-5 minute walk to the Duomo and close to Uffizzi and Accademia museums. The staff was very attentive and gracious. Near the desk and breakfast area there is a small bar area where you can grab a beer, water, wine etc and charge to room. Internet access is available in this room as well and although we didn't use I believe they have wi-fi. We found great restaurants in the area by just strolling away from the center of town to out the way streets. I would say for money you can't miss with this hotel. Nice people. KF  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fltravel_30
<Content>Super friendly staff! My 2 friends and I stayed at the Hotel Casci for 3 nights in October. The location was great, the rooms were clean, but most importantly the staff was fantastic. Breakfast was excellent. Of course you can find more luxurious accomodations, but for the money, this can't be beat. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AxleSD
<Content>Beyond helpful. Everything I read about this place was true. The man at the front desk was so damn friendly and helpful, it bordered a SNL sketch. His father and grandmother were equally helpful the next day as she beckoned me to get off the internet and have something to eat for breakfast. Breakfast was hardboiled eggs and cold cereal, like most of Italy, but no one cares about breakfast in Italy, it is all about lunch and dinner! Hotel Casci family were taught the school of customer service and hold in in high regard. We requested a room with 2 single beds, and albeit it was a long hallway to the back of the hotel, it was much quieter than the rooms on the front street I imagine. Cons: there were a few strange smells [mold? bleach?] coming from the bathroom, but not a big deal. I told the desk porter about the shower draining a bit slow and he thanked me. The location could not be better for this amazing city. Highly recommend Casci.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveling_fun07
<Content>Friendly staff and great location This is a family owned small hotel located close to all in the historical buildings in Florence. The rooms are nothing fancy but the staff and location make it a great spot in this great city. We stayed 5 nights. The staff are very accommodating and were able to make reservations for us so that we could see as much as possible in these 5 days.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Eliza1967
<Content>Not happy There are better accommodations for the money - Hotel Pitti Palace for one. Although the bathrooms are updated, the rooms need work. Very nice staff but not what we thought based on the website.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	5	4	4	

<Author>Migizi
<Content>Great inexpensive choice in Florence Spent a few days in Florence (Firenze), on a budget, and found this great little property. Review...GOOD:--Location is pretty good, easy walking distance to many of the main sights.--Staff and service are fantastic--Breakfast served is simple but very good--Rooms were pretty nice, though simple as well--Really cheap rates at the time (2004), like $130USD/night (though with the currently depressed Dollar, it won't be as cheap)BAD:--Rooms are not exactly luxuriousBasically, if you are looking to stay in Florence for a reasonable rate, this is a great choice. If you want ultra-lux, its not.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Richardmelan
<Content>Highly Recomend We stayed in there September 19. We had a wonderful stay and would recommend this to anyone who goes to Florence (Firenza)Only complaint (not in relation to the Hotel) was the outside of the building, where a lot of construction is going on. No curb appeal butthe inside of the hotel especially the room really made up for it. More like a 3 or 4 star hotel than just a two star.There staff couldn't be more helpful. All in all a great stay. No a wonderful stay!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>miptrip
<Content>True service We have just spent 5 days at this hotel. The position is ideally close to the major attractions. The room was modest but spacious and very clean. The breakfast was generous and attractively presented. Free Wifi available. The outstanding feature was the level of service. The staff were, at all times attentive, extremely pleasant and helpful even to the extent of anticipating our needs. This was in strong contrast to many of our hotel experiences.From the moment they greeted us to the moment we were given a special pre-dawn breakfast the morning we left, we felt looked after.Thank you Casci - we'll be back.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tilman
<Content>Friendly, helpful family-run hotel My wife and I spent six nights at Hotel Casci in Florence. It was perfect for us. The location is great -- a few minutes walk to the Duomo, Accademia, and San Lorenzo, a few minutes more to the Uffizi, Bargello, and the Arno, and only about ten minutes walk from the train station (SMN). The hotel is family-run, and very welcoming. Every effort was made to make our stay enjoyable, from the fresh homemade hot chocolate at breakfast, to bookings at the major museums. The rooms were comfortable, clean, and very functional, with small refrigerators and safes. It was everything we needed, and nothing we didn't need. We will definitely stay there again when we return to Florence  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tawnia
<Content>5 Star Service at a 2 star hotel with a perfect location Hotel Casci is the place for you if you want a great location, free internet (and a free computer in the lobby), great service and a low price. Although I usally stay in 3 or 4 star hotels, I decided to book Casci after reading the reviews on Trip Adiser. I am glad I did. I stayed 2 nights Ocober 12-14, 2007. At check in I was warmly greated by Pier who had my bags taken to my room and then showed me there himself. The room was small, but very clean and had balcony. The bed was comfortable and the refrigerator in the room was helpful. Pier also took the time to give me directions to some great sites and later recommended a restaurant where I had one of my best meals in Italy.. (ZAZA)The Duomo is a 10 minute walk as is the the statue of DAVID museum. The FREE Breakfast was wonderful. Did I mention the free computer in the lobby to check your emails? The nice bar in the lobby with cheap drinks and excellent espresso was a time saver for me! I paid 5 times more per night in Rome and had a far more enojoyable stay at Casci. I will stay here again and you should too! Thanks Pier and the rest of the excellent and friendly staff. CIAO  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lauriejgs
<Content>Very homey place The Hotel Casci is a warm respite in the heart of a busy, noisy city. Although it's not fancy, it's cozy, and the staff is terrific. Every time we entered the lobby after a day of sightseeing we were greeted with a friendly, Ciao! The staff was wonderful about helping us book museum visits (before we even arrived) and getting us dinner reservations. The Casci has a library of travel books that can be borrowed during your stay, and even a small selection of English-language magazines. Breakfast was excellent, with Signora Lombardi and an assistant showing us to tables and making sure we had our coffee or cappuccino just as we liked it. Signora Lombardi remembered how I like mine after just a few days, and she even went so far as to get me reduced-fat milk after I saw that she was using it herself (not normally put out for the guests). The only problems we had with the room were that the air conditioning sometimes made a very loud crackling noise which disturbed our sleep, and there was a neighborhood blackout in the middle of the night which resulted in a bright overhead emergency light going on in our room. Other than that, it was quiet and peaceful. The rest of the guests seemed very happy, and there was a nice communal air at breakfast as people compared notes and talked about where they were from. It's not the Ritz, but then again it's doubtful you'd get such familial service.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChicagoJosh
<Content>Best staff around! My husband and I stayed at Hotel Casci for two nights. The rooms were spacious and clean. The bathroom appeared recently updated, very clean, and bright. The staff was outstanding; the most helpful and friendliest of all hotels we stayed at during our trip. They booked museums in advance, booked restaurants, made excellent recommendations and were always available! Breakfast was basic but good. While it is not in the dead-center of everything, it is a very very short walk to all of the major attractions (a two minute walk to viewing The David). It's not glamour and glitz, but very cozy and comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>wyldspirit
<Content>Great friendly place This is a family owned business and the family is very friendly and helpful.They got tickets for the museums for us, directed to specific places we wanted to go to. The breakfasts were great...with hot chocolate from real chocolate! The hotel is centrally located to everything. Too long a walk from the train station with luggage...we took a taxi..were there in 7 minutes.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BarDer
<Content>Simply the best! What can we say that hasn't been said already!Hotel Casci rates as one of the best hotels we have stayed in. It was extremely easy to get to from the stationand even with luggage was only a 15 minute walk. As for sightseeing everything is on the doorstep.Our room was large, spotlessly clean and considering the situation of the hotel quiet (we'd asked for a quiet room) and we got it! Our bathroom was good and we had the bath, although it did take time to fill, so we just showered. The linen was changed regularly too. Breakfast was more than adequate and to get freshly boiled eggs rather than just hard boiled was lovely, as were the beautiful cakes which appeared each morning.Every member of the team we came into contact with was friendly, smiling, efficient and exceedingly helpful. Nothing was too much trouble from the time we made our initial reservation to the moment we departed. When they realised it was my husbands birthday, he was presented with a bottle of wine, which was a lovely surprise.This holiday was to be special because of this birthday and the the Hotel Casci certainly made our stay very very memorable.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>snowgirl1
<Content>Very agreeable stay The family and staff who run the Casci were unfailingly helpful and kind; the rooms pleasant, spacious, and clean; the breakfasts adequate, if unremarkable; and the location excellent. The hotel's small, second-floor lobby is more like a sitting room with a service bar and tiny tables, where an obliging staff member will serve you a drink upon request. The ambiance resembled that of a nice pensione or BB. We had a very agreeable stay and would happily return.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chicagoresident
<Content>A very nice hotel We stayed for two nights in August at Hotel Casci. We had four people in the quad room. The room included a small refrigerator and a flat screen TV. Not all of the channels were available on the TV during a storm. The hotel location is very close to the Duomo and the Galleria dell'Accademia, only slightly further to the Uffizi, but certainly walkable. There is a computer with free internet access in the lobby. The breakfast is good and plentiful including boiled eggs, cereal, pastry, some fruit and other items. The towels were thin, but absorbent enough. There was a small bathtub with a shower, but no shower curtain, which was not a major problem. The hotel staff at the desk was friendly and helpful with dinner suggestions and calling a cab. We would stay at the Hotel Casci again.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>destination57
<Content>Loved the Quaintness and Location We have just returned from a two week stay in Italy. We visited Rome, Florence, and Venice. With respect for all three hotels we stayed at in each city the Hotel Casci in Florence was our favorite. Upon check in the the staff were very friendly and our room was everything I had requested . The Hotel is very quaint, has a true Tuscan decor,extremely clean and quiet, staff very helpful,breakfast each morning in the dining room was a great way to get our day started. We enjoyed the nice assortment of fresh food items and the friendly atmosphere.The Hotel location could not have been any better it is centrally located and within a short walking distance to most all attractions. We will not hesitate to recommend the Hotel Casci to any one who will be traveling to Florence. We can't wait to return.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stellamAuckland
<Content>excellent location Our family of 4 (2 adults, 2 teens) stayed at Hotel Casci for 2 nights in July , 2007. We took a family room which was spacious, comfortable, and surprisingly workable for the four of us. There was no real view but a small window did allow some daytime sun. A good bathroom, and also refrigerator was provided.The hotel was immaculate, and the standard of check in, corridors and furnishing was excellent. The family who run the hotel were most helpful, booked us tickets and generally did everything possible to make our stay enjoyable. The location of the hotel is perfect-an easy walk fron the train, close to central Florence and there is no need for a car in order to sightsee. Breakfast-adequate but not exciting- is provided. There is free internet and also plenty of English books to read which was a thoughtful note for English speaking travellors in Europe.A minor quible which would not apply to everyone-we had hoped for a very Italian experience, and although this is indeed an Italian family run hotel, it is full of American visitors attracted by the deservedly positive writeups on trip advisor!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JAFA2
<Content>Hotel Casci is Wonderful! We stayed at Hotel Casci for the second time for two nights in September, and once again, we were extremely pleased with our overall experience.I can't say enough about the warmth and friendliness of the staff. We felt like family being welcomed back, although we had stayed for only one night back in September '05. They truly go above and beyond to advise and help, whether you stay for a night or a week. My husband and I were traveling with my parents and my brother this time, and I set everything up directly with Pierpaolo via email. We were given a very good deal for a family room, with a large bathroom, and in addition to museum reservations, he booked restaurants for us.The Casci feels more like a 3* than a 2*. For starters, and as previous reviewers have mentioned, you cannot beat the hotel's location, within walking distance from so many sites, including the Duomo, the Accademia, San Lorenzo, etc., and a huge plus for my parents, who are in their 70's. In addition, the hotel is EXTREMELY clean and the rooms are very quiet. I believe all the rooms have mini-fridges, which is a huge plus, and though not fancy, the beds are just fine, and we found there was enough storage space for all five of us and our 2-weeks' worth of luggage.The breakfast is perfect, the breakfast room lovely, and the service is excellent. They will make cappucino, caffe macchiato, etc. There's also parking available (at a daily rate), which is such a great help, as you'll want to get rid of your car immediately upon arrival. And, when you check out, they give you a lovely Toscana calendar, as well as excellent directions, and more importantly, a warm farewell. I will continue to highly recommend this hotel to all who are visiting Florence, and I will surely stay again the next time I'm there.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bel80
<Content>Close to all sites Upon recommendations through TA, I booked two nights here for a weekend in Florence. Staff were very knowledgable and assisted as much as they could. The rooms were decent sized, and very clean and comfortable. The bed was a surprise! It was very big, and I managed to have enough space for myself with my partner (who usually takes up 3/4 of the bed). The room was equiped with a small LCD tv, and plenty of storage (I don't know why one of the previous reviewers were complaining about lack of furniture?). The bathroom was a bit on the small side, but very clean as well. The only small criticism we had was the water pressure, it wasn't weak, but it wasn't at full pressure either. We had a room that was facing the main road, but because of the double glazed windows (multiple layers of it too) we were not distracted by noise at all!Location wise, this hotel is very close to the Accademia (literally 2 blocks away!), with plenty of restaurants behind on the street parallel. Also if you walk straight down the other direction, you reach the Duomo, about 1.5 blocks down, and one block past Duomo is the Uffizi. There is a lot of buzz around this area, as well as shopping. Just be careful, as there are quite a number of gypsies around, and people selling counterfeit/black market goods that may harrass you. One more thing, stay away from a self service restaurant at the corner opposite the Duomo square. Food is horrible at tourist prices - they literally just microwave your chosen dish!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>POM1465
<Content>Great Location and friendly staff! My friend and I just got back from staying at the Hotel Casci in Florence. I could not believe how close we were to the cathedral and all the other sites!! The hotel was clean and well maintained while the staff were all super friendly and wanted to make our stay as enjoyable as possible. We were bumed that it did rain for a few days but were grateful that the hotel provided us with an umbrella. Our room and bathroom were a decent size and our only complaint is that the mattresses were a little too firm for our tastes. The fridge and flat screen tv were a nice surprise as well as free access to the internet. I would definitly stay at this hotel again and would highly recommend this hotel!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chudherman
<Content>a very good choice The Casci is in an excellent location about 10 minutes walk from the station. It's pretty easy to find, but like many other hotels in Italy it's not on the ground floor and you need to get to the reception in a very small elevator.Our room was a good size, and exceptionally clean. The breakfast room is interesting. As others have reported, the staff seats you when you arrive, sometimes with other guests. It's a bit like being at summer camp as the room fills up, often with families and there's lots of noise and wandering around to get food. The breakfast itself was one of the better ones we had on our trip.They have internet access for guests which is a nice touch, although there are times when you have to wait for others to finish using it.Service is friendly and helpful, although I have to say it seemed to us that the people at the desk who we dealt with were sometimes a bit aloof, as if they'd heard it all before -- which I guess they have.The hotel is in a good location, and the city is small enough that you can walk virtually anywhere that you'd want to go -- Duomo, Academia, Uffizzi, Ponte Vecchio, even across the river.The rooms are relatively inexpensive, so, all in all the Casci is a very good choice in Florence.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>FamilyGriswold
<Content>Fab Hotel Hotel Casci is in a brilliant location only a couple of minutes walk from the Duomo. It's in an old building with slate stairs and imposing staircase. There's a small lift. The room was attractive, quite spacious and very clean. The window had the original shutters and there was a view of the rooftops. The bathroom was roomy, no bath but there was a bidet.The hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. Nothing was too much trouble - they recommended restaurants and booked the tables for us, cabs etc . Za za's was particularly good - there can be nothing better than sitting outside listening to musicians and eating wonderful food on a warm evening. Breakfast was plentiful - the only slight negative - I would prefer to have paid more but had the option of meat and cheese.A warning - we boarded the train at Pisa and with minutes a girl had her hand in my handbag and my purse in her hand. She had also stolen a purse from another traveller but had been caught. She was not an Italian girl. This experience made me more careful but did not put me off Firenze. All the Italians we met were charming and friendly.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SA_Jhb
<Content>Great hotel in a great location From the moment we booked our stay via the hotel's website to the moment we checked out after a five night stay we experienced wonderful friendly and efficient service. The hotel is located in an ideal position to explore Florence with all the major attractions only a few minutes walk from the hotel. The breakfasts were great with a wide variety of food on offer. We had booked a double room but ended up staying in a triple room which was spacious and clean.We highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>daveda
<Content>Awesome Look, it's not the Ritz, but who cares...Luxuries be damned, and fancy breakfast be damned. (Seriously, you're in Italy. Skip breakfast and focus on lunch and dinner. Find yourself some good restaurants. I hear that Italy has a few.) If you're in the same boat we were in, you're looking for an inexpensive room that's clean, comfortable, and well located. Hotel Casci is all of those things and then some. I should also point out the members of the Lombardi family bust their humps to make sure that your stay at Hotel Casci is a good one. So overall, I really can't recommend this place strongly enough. It's fantastic.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rjalv
<Content>Great surprise! When you arrive at the door of the dark building in a busy street and find out that you have to take an old elevator to the second floor to reach the reception, you think you chose the wrong place. But that's not the case. The Casci operates very efficiently in the upper half of an old building right next to the heart of the main attractions of Florence. The personnel are extremely helpful; they even wrote to us about 2 weeks before our trip (when we made the reservation) to check if we wanted to reserve tickets to the main museums in Florence. Had we not done that, we might have not seen Michelangelo鈥檚 David and the Boticelli paintings because there were people queuing for hours. We were two couples with two small children, and the two triple rooms we were assigned were spacious and clean. The air conditioners worked perfectly, and the rooms were very well sound-isolated. Overall, it was a very nice surprise!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>AnnMarieMinnesota
<Content>Hotel Casci - A Home Away from Home Hotel Casci made our five day stay in Florence wonderful! The entire staff and Lombardi family were welcoming, helpful and friendly. The location of the hotel was perfect for hitting all the sites of Florence. We were a couple of minutes from the Duomo, Uffizi and Accademia, and from the Mercado Centrale (great place for cheap and good cappucino and picnic snacks). Location is key because you will be walking from 9 am to 10 pm each day! Paulo and Pierpaulo made museum reservations, gave us wine and restaurant recommendations, etc. Mrs. Lombardi was warm and kind and accomodating to our requests. As light sleepers, we had made a special request for a quiet room and were very, very satisfied with our little piece of sanctuary in busy Florence. The room was clean and well organized and the refridgerator in the room was useful for water and snacks. Thank you Hotel Casci for a perfect stay in Florence! - Ann and Andy  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>camellia812
<Content>Great hotel and staff! The staff at this family owned hotel could not have been nicer ormore helpful. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tototoo
<Content>A Great Find Run by a lovely family (and very cute PierrePaulo!), they couldn't have been more helpful. They obtained advance reservations for us at Uffizi and Academia. Our room was not large, but cleverly outfitted, with great spots for luggage, desk, storage, etc. The room even had a separate little area for reading, with its own TV. And the best bathroom of our trip! The towels are a little different, not fluffy, but they did the job. No washcloth, but I guess that's common. Our room was quiet and wonderfully dark for sleeping. They recommended great restaurants (Za Za!!), and happily made reservations for us.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Villiers34
<Content>Disappointed Contrary to other reviewers, our experience with Hotel Cacsi was disappointing. Perhaps our expectations for a two-star hotel were too high. The front of the building was shrouded in scaffolding, which did not help first impressions; likewise the fact that the hotel is on the second floor, albeit with lift access.The rooms are spacious but sparsely furnished, so we could not unpack properly. Our friends were given a room with only a small window and no outlook, so after some remonstrance another room was found for them.The staff were friendly and very helpful, but the proprietress seemed to rule the breakfast room with an iron fist!The best thing about the hotel is probably the location - very central, close to many tourist spots, and surrounded by restaurants.If you are not too concerned with luxury, it's a good place to stay in a beatiful city.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>MarriedaMarlow
<Content>Best Location The Hotel Casci is within easy walking distance of everything in Florence, which is great because we were able to head back to the hotel during siesta hours and just relax. It's not the fanciest of hotels, but the room was nice and clean and we had a very large bathroom (by European standards of course). Everyone who worked there was extremely helpful and friendly!!They have a computer with Internet access right by the check-in counter that guests can use for free. One helpful hint - we thought we had our air conditioner turned on but it was actually only on the fan mode, so we woke up in the middle of the night burning up! So make sure you hit enter after you turn on the AC.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Steve013
<Content>Weekend Break in Florence We used this hotel for a long weekend in Florence as it was mentioned several times in guidebooks and Travel sections of broadsheet newspapers as a good budget/2 star option.It may be close to the top of the price range for hotel of this rating, but we were not disappointed. The booking was managed easily and efficiently and no payment was taken until we checked out. The location was excellent, and is within a 5 minute Florentine stroll of the Duomo, Uffizi and the Arno and even closer to the Academy. It is easy to walk to from Santa Maria Novella railway station and although it is on a potentially busy road our room was to back of the hotel and was very quiet.The service, welcome and breakfast are all excellent. The hotel staff pre-booked tickets for the Ufizzi (very handy) and the Academy (probably not necessary as it turned out). The staff answered all my questions before by email and during our stay in a very helpful manner.I wouldn't hesitate to recoomend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Grindley
<Content>Would return there in a heartbeat. Myself and my cousin stayed in Hotel Casci for three nights in the second week of September 2007. This hotel was easy to find, central, safe and clean. Our standard room was comfortable and had the best air conditioning of the three hotels that we stayed in while in Italy. Staff were friendly and the breakfast was great. The only slight downsides was that the room window wouldn't tightly shut (which meant that one night a mosquito got in) and sometimes the shower temperature went up and down without our intervention. If I were in Florence again though - I would stay there and would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to others. Thanks Hotel Casci. We so enjoyed both you and Florence.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Travel1974Ny
<Content>Hotel Casci is the best bet the right price! The extremely friendly and helpful staff made our stay in Florence hassel-free and a true pleasure. This hotel is an outstanding value for a reasonable price.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>surfthewedge
<Content>Fine Hotel with excellent staff, nice rooms and good location Hotel Casci helped make Florence an enjoyable experience. The hotel is on a main street , but the rooms are quiet and well set out for the price. I stayed in 7 hotels in Italy during a five week vacation and this hotel provided the best value for your money. The staff was particularly helpful and the breakfasts were good. The location is also good. The lobby served drinks, beer and soft drinks at all hours. I highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joinqld
<Content>Felt like Family This was by far our favorite hotel in Italy. Reason being that the staff were just so friendly and helpful. The rooms were beautiful, big and clean. The location was excelent - very close to markets, duomo, ponte vec, shops etc. Breakfast was fun (we met someone new everyday) and the complementry internet and the wash by the load laundry facilities was just so helpful to us. Thank you Hotel Casci!!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gentletraveler_7
<Content>Inviting and attentive I spent three nights at Hotel Casci. Even prior to arrival, Paolo helped me to make museum reservations, enabling me to avoid long lines at places like the Uffizi and the Accademia. The hotel has a great location near the Duomo. My room was quiet and the air conditioning kept me comfortable in the hot weather. Staying here was very much like staying at a bed and breakfast: Paolo and company went out of their way to make me feel welcome in Florence. Additional perks: the library of guide books at the front desk and the computer for internet use.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FirenzeGirl
<Content>A Great Hotel with Great Staff and Location The stay at Hotel Casci was one of the highlights of my recent trip to Florence. As the previous reviewers have mentioned, the Lombardis are fantastic, but I am surprised that no one mentioned Pierpaolo, who arranged many of my reservations for hotels, etc(via email) and was always available with recommendations for restaurants and things to do, especially in terms of Florentine nightlife, something that I have rarely found at BBs. The breakfast is wonderful, and Signora Lombardi always remembered how I liked my coffee: pretty impressive for a hotel with 20+ rooms. The location is ideal, and the price is very reasonable...highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bears2
<Content>Hotel Casci My husband and I stayed at the hotel casci in mid June 2007 we had a wonderful stay, the rooms were spotless with towels changed daily, service warm and friendly and breakfast excellent.We made use of the valet parking service where by hotel staff park your car and when you want to use it they bring it to your hotel. This was well worth the extra cost and made driving less stressful. It was a nice touch by the hotel to be given a calender of views of Tuscany at the end of the stay. We will definetly stay at that hotel when we return to Florence.My one complaint of establishments outside of the hotel was the poor service we received and the lack of a smile on the faces of the staff serving us. They sat England is bad for service but I would place Florence much higher on the list . The exception to the bad service was in the Irish bar which was ran by oriential sstaff and they were very welcoming and always had a smile and a frienly manner.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>opera_7
<Content>Lovely refined family hotel My husband and I had a lovely stay at this hotel. The family are very welcoming and do their very best to assist with requests. The lady supervising the breakfast is a charming host and very refined and unobstrusive.The manager and deputies were most helpful in all aspects,especially when we had to arrange a flight from Greece to the UK for our daughterCleaners exceptional.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicjim
<Content>Fantastic Hosts We just stayed at this hotel for the UK bank holiday and we cannot express enough how helpful the owners/staff of this hotel were. After a late flight we arrived after 2am and they were there waiting to welcome us personally after I called to say our plane was running late. They gave us bottles of water on arrival and offered us a later breakfast for us the next day. They gave us some fantastic restaurant suggestions (must go to Madame Za Za and must have the steak at Gianino's).The hotel also went out of their way to confirm our tours very early in the morning and at check out time again gave us water and juice for our tripThe hotel itself is in a great postion, within walking distance to everywhere and is good value for a 2 star hotel. Good airconditioning and decent breakfast. In general I would not advise going to Florence at this time of the year as many of the good shops and restaurants are closed for the entire month.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mr Steve-1
<Content>Good value Walkable from Central Station. Easy to find, even though it is just a door (surrounded by scaffolding at the time).Don't be a fool, take the old looking lift to the 2nd floor- there is nothing macho about sweating and wheezing during check-in.All staff are helpful and friendly. Stayed in Room3, which looks over the main road outside. Noise is not an issue due to a combination of thick glass and shutters. You can block out most of the light and therefore a good nights sleep can be had. In the room the air-com is a little hit and miss, but just about did the job. The shower was tricky to get the temperature right, but nothing to worry about. The toilet had a faint pong to it and used to gurgle when any water was running- but neither things were sufficent to warrant complaint. You get a flat-screen tv bolted high up on the wall. The decor in the room was pretty bland for a city littered with art over hundreds of centuries- which is probably a good thing as you CAN get fed up of looking at statues etc! . Breakfast is all you can eat- fruit/cereals/yoghurt/egg/toast/cake/tea/coffee... get fuelled up for a hard day in the city. A good find at 140 euros per night. Oh- and they have a PC with internet on that you can use for free- a nice touch.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>brads5
<Content>A Great Place to Stay! I can't say enough about the Lombardi Family and Paolo in particular - friendly, helpful, and gracious from our first communication online until the day we departed Florence. If you are looking for a very convenient, clean, and comfortable place to stay, this is it. The breakfast (included) was good, coffee great. It was very nice to be able to email home from the computer in the cafe. The air conditioning was comfortable (we were there during a heat wave) and stayed in two different rooms ( We stayed at Hotel Casci twice during our visit to Italy!). We actually enjoyed it more than the 5-Star Hotel we stayed in while in Rome - which was beautiful but a bit stuffy for our taste. The train station is within walking distance - we walked there from the Hotel when we left - but also had an interesting taxi experience. Our first ride to the Hotel (we had 2 suitcases and 2 carry-ons) was 8 euros. The second was 15 euros which was lowered to 10 when we complained. The last was 5 euros when I gave the address in Italian rather than English!We would love to return to Florence, would certainly stay at Casci and would learn a little more Italian before we go!Mille grazie to Paolo and family!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>john5870
<Content>Very good, family friendly hotel with great location! This is a tidy, safe, family-friendly, well-run hotel with a great location. The rooms are spotlessly clean, good-sized (we were travelling with our two teenagers), with good showers, clean towels daily, ample outlets, good lighting, and comfortable beds. This is a family run operation and they are incredibly attentive, helpful and gracious. Breakfasts are generous, with a mixture of hot and cold options. the location is fantastic, central to many sites, and just a couple of blocks to the Duomo. They have a very full library of tourist books and information for travellers.We did not spend much time in the hotel outside of sleeping. I would say that it can be a bit loud. We could hear muffled routine conversation, teeth brushing, etc in the next room. However, it did not affect our stay. And in fact all of the guests appeared similarly pleased with the hotel.This is not a luxury hotel. But it is a great place to stay if, like us, you need a very comfortable, welcoming, friendly, safe place to stay at the end of your exhausting days of being a tourist in Florence.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poet123
<Content>Excellent centrally located hotel with lovely staff. We returned today from Florence and the Hotel Casci. We do normally stay in a hotel with a higher star value. However,this hotel came highly reccommended by reviewers on Slow travel so we decided to try it. We were not disappointed. The staff are the main asset of this hotel,very friendly and helpful but not intrusive. Nothing is too much trouble for them. Train timetables,taxis,museum reservations,bus tours,etc etc you name it they can, and do, sort it!!!!We had the room at the back of the hotel,quite a trek from the front desk but a nice,spotlessly clean room and decently sized bathroom. Here I will mention the towels.......we would have preferred fluffy,had we known they had them....maybe it would be an idea to ask guests or have a mixture of each available?? Breakfast was nice,great coffee and an egg boiling device!!,enough choice for everyone,even our sometimes picky son. We loved the location of the hotel,close to almost everything and within walking distance of the main sights. The facade of the hotel is still covered with scaffolding,but as with all buildings if repairs need to be done,so be it,. it does not detract from the hotel experience. The bottom line is that this is a very centrally located hotel at a great price,with a wonderful ambience and certainly worth trying for yourself.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>Argleeb
<Content>Most memorable stay... Our stay in Firenze and at the Hotel Casci was one of the highlights of our recent trip to Tuscany and central and southern Italy. The amazing hospitality, caring and helpfulness of Paolo and his family will always be remembered by us. Our family felt as though we were truly guests in a friend's palazzo - which is what Hotel Casci actually is. The breakfasts were more like feasts unparalled with any other of our stays in Italy. Wonderful, spotless rooms with charm aplenty. All this, in walking distance from the Duomo, Uffizi, L'Accademia, quaint trattorias and the train station was more than we could have asked for. We would stay with Paolo again in a hearbeat and can't wait to schedule our next trip to Firenze and Hotel Casci.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>corndog819
<Content>Pretty Good The hotel is a very central location they is minutes to almost anything by foot. The taxi will cost 20-25 Euros depending on the amount of baggage you have. When we arrived, we were a bit confused how things were run. No bellman came down to help us until we ventured up the stars and learned the hotel was on the 2nd floor. Soon there after, we did get some help and it all worked out fine. The family is very friendly, they speak great English and can work and book basically anything you could want. We had room 28 which contained 3 singles and a double bed, traveling as a family this was a great plus being able to stay in the same room and not have to pay double. The air conditioning was a bit sketchy, but if you laying or sitting in the right spot you could easily begin to feel cold after a little while. The breakfast in the morning was pretty good with a great selection of items. Overall it was an ok stay, for the rate (180 euros a night) we could have probably done better, but im glad we experienced this charming little place.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>beppie
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We stayed at the Hotel Casci for just one night. The location was great - walking distance from the train station (even with all of our luggage), and near restuarants and shops. The room was very adaquate for the 4 of us - clean and quiet. We would definately recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ParsonsFamily5
<Content>Great Hotel We were in Florence in mid July and we stayed at the Hotel Casci. It was a very nice hotel and exceeded all of our expectations. Paolo and his family were wonderful. The breakfast was very good and was included. We had been in Europe for 13 days before we got to Hotel Casci and we were craving a good breakfast. The room we stayed in was very big and it easily fit our family of 5. All in all we enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate to stay here again.The hotel is about an easy 5-10 minute walk from the train station.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>QueenOfTravels79
<Content>Good for the rating Hotel Casci was an enjoyable stay for a family run property of the star rating that it has. I will admit that I generally do stay in 'large chain' hotels of a 4star rating or there abouts, so Hotel Casci for me was something different to what I am used to. However, bearing in mind that I have no other properties of the same type/standard to compare it to, I can only imagine that it is much better than some others out there as the property was always clean and the staff friendly. Even if, at times, you felt like you were being 'watched' in a way. The elderly lady (never grabbed her name) is the nicest staff members. Paolo is also nice, but sometimes 'over the top', so to speak. Our room was nothing flashy, but somewhere to lay our head, even if the bed was a little hard. The bathroom was very small however, sitting on the loo my knees touched the wall infront of me! There was some scaffolding and construction going on outside, meaning that we could not open the shutters on our windows. When we first arrived and tried to open the window, the shutters barely opened before banging into the scaffoling that was right outside our window. This mean that the room was dark and lights always had to be on. We also couldn't leave the window open for what little air could get through the opening of the shutters as white specks of what I assumed was paint and dusty stuff was coming inside onto the window ledge and our bags from whatever was going on outside. The other note would be the volume on the TV only going up to a certain level before it doesn't go any higher - sometimes, hard to hear, as the highest volume setting isn't that loud. Breakfast was ok, the coffee tasted great. Would recommend the hotel for something with good location of this standard of property. I'd bring my own towels next time though, I'd never seen towels like that before and likened them more to cotton tablecloths!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nellitchka
<Content>Lovely Lovely Hotel Casci This hotel is a real gem. Family run, it's 2mins walk from the heart of Florence in a beautiful atmospheric old building. Lovely, clean and well organised rooms with the added surprise of a more luxurious bath than you'd expect for the price. It has a great breakfast room with a really comprehensive spread so there's definitly something for everyone. They have a little bar if you fancy a late night drink and a read of the many guide books and novels that line their shelves. Their laundry service is quick and cheap. The staff are both helpful and friendly and this -combined with a real attention to detail- makes this hotel a wonderful place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>theparsons1
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We spent 4 nights at Hotel Casci and can't say enough good about it. The location is very central to everything, the hotel is clean, comfortable and very quaint. The free Wi Fi was an added bonus, and breakfast was very good. But what really makes this hotel worth the stay is the attention of the family who runs it. They all go beyond meeting expectations - they exceed expectations. In particular, Paolo treats everyone as though they were visiting family (my teenage kids say Poalo Rocks). I'm really not sure when take any time off - they are fully and completely available to you all the time - from making reservations on behalf of guests, to giving good advice, to simply being wonderful, friendly people. Pardon me for gushing, but I've never encountered that level of service before.If we get to Florence again, we will definitely stay here and will recommend it to anyone who asks about suggestions of where to stay.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>olygirl21
<Content>Great stay! We really enjoyed our two night stay at the Hotel Casci in July! The hotel was on a main street, very convenient to all of the sights, but quiet inside. We were greeted very warmly, showed to our room, and given a demonstration of how to use and where to find everything in the room. The free internet in the lobby was nice so we could send email updates to our family and friends. The breakfast had the best warmed croissants and fresh made cappuccinos by the ladies in the breakfast room. Because the hotel was so centrally located we were able to access the sights easily and also return to the hotel midday for a rest before setting out for the evening. The hotel staff were very accomodating, making reservations for us at Trattoria Icche C'e C'e and Osteria del Porcellino. C'e C'e served a delicious and very reasonably priced 11 euro 3-course meal. Osteria del Porcellino had great pasta, especially the ravioli. The hotel staff also made reservations for us at the Accademia to see the David and the Uffizi Gallery before we arrived, so we did not have to worry about waiting in line. We definitely reccomend this hotel for your stay, they were reasonably priced for such a clean and spacious room, and were nice and welcoming.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveltimenc
<Content>A lovely stay Our family of 4 spent only 1 night here before taking the night train to paris. (we suggest flying instead, but that's a different review . . . .) We wish it could have been longer, the hotel was wonderful. Everything you've read is true. And in a city of many hotels, the staff here is what makes it so terrific. They are truly warm, charming and helpful. The room was spotless (comfortable, not fancy) and the breakfast and capuccino delicious. We were allowed to store our luggage all day after checking out in the morning. Greatly appreciated! You will not go wrong staying here. We also had a very nice meal at tratorria 13 Gobi that the hotel booked for us. p.s. book the ufizzi well in advance. we couldn't get near it. Next time.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hogold
<Content>Very Nice The location of the hotel is wondeful, very close to the center of Firenza. When you first arrive at the hotel you will be a little shocked as the entrance is only a dingy lobby with an elevator to the second floor where the hotel is. The owner is a very nice woman who makes sure that you get exactly what is coming to you. The rooms are very basic but very clean. The towels will also shock you as they have no fluff, but we like them so much we bought six of them at their cost. Breakfast was very good but be warned if you get near the automatic expresso maker you will have your hands cut off. (can't blame her it probably cost $10,000). The hotel recommended a couple of close restaurants that were very good (we ate at Semidivino twice). Also have them book your tickets to the Museums before you arive. Overall for the price you cannot beat Hotel Casci would definetly return but not in the summer as prices are very high and way to crowded.One word of caution, if you rent a car driving around Florence is impossible. We rented one to drive to Tuscany for four days and it took me an hour to get from the Florence train station back to the car rental office which was about four blocks away. Problem is many of the streets are for taxi's and buses only so even with a good GPS I had to go totally around the city and have a someone on a scooter actually take me to the car rental return. Renting at the airport would probably have been a better idea.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EngineOne
<Content>The Perfect Location We found this place listed in several guidebooks, and liked the reviews in TA. The best part was that they could accomodate our family of five adults in one very nicely sized room. The hotel is sparklingly clean, centrally located, and the room was very comfortable. You can't beat the free Wifi in every room, and the AC worked like a charm (important in July!). The best part was the family and staff that run the hotel. They are the perfect hosts, and help with everything from museum reservations ( a must) to directions. This is a very family friendly hotel in a wonderful location. We will visit them again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WilliamHamilton
<Content>Confortable, Clean and Cool This hotel is about two blocks north of the Cathedral, on a busy street, but the rooms are in the back and are quiet. The air conditioning worked, a blessing since we visited in the midst of a Tuscan heat wave. A generious breakfast and free internet were welcome.Something special needs to be said about the bathrooms, our room #10 had a bidet, shower and a separate tub as well as the standard toilet and sink. You could really wash off the heat of the day.This is a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Kelsey1976
<Content>Great hotel, good location. friendly people We just came back from a mini family reunion. Family members arrived on different days for different length of stays. Hotel Casci kept track of all of us! Very friendly staff, they knew who we were when we first arrived. This is our second stay here, and we would definitely go back again. The hotel is in a great location, nice breakfast, and get this---free internet! How nice is that? Just to be able to check your home email, or look at train schedules, so much easier than tracking down an internet cafe. The hotel is very clean, and they have an elevator and air conditioning, which is so important during the summer. We definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>garuda55
<Content>Fantastic Experience, Great Location My sister and I stayed at Hotel Casci from 28 June to 1 July 2007. We had a fantastic experience. The owners and staff of this family-run hotel are the most helpful and friendly front office people I can remember in all of my considerable travels! They made our museum reservations, helped with tips on using the local bus system, suggested less-well-known places to visit, gave great recommendations for nearby restaurants that were so good we repeatedly went back! The hotel is clean and tidy, and the family is very proud of their hotel. The location is perfect - between the Accademia and Duomo and only minutes to each, with a bus station right in front of the hotel for places further away. The restaurants they recommended are all less than 5 minutes away. There is free internet in the lobby as well. We will definitely go back to Hotel Casci the next time we're in Florence!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tarobson
<Content>Super helpful staff - easy location This little family run hotel had everything I needed and they did everything to make your stay helpful.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>areader
<Content>Affordable, Clean, Charming, Worth Considering! We stayed at this hotel for three nights in late June and were very pleased with our decision. We found this hotel on TA and cancelled a previous reservation when we read the reviews for this hotel. This is a fantastic little hotel; it does not offer many frills, however, for the rate I do not believe you will find a better price in Florence.Upon arriving, our bags were taken to our room while we finished the paperwork; this was greatly appreciated after a long flight . The staff is professional, warm, extremely eager to please, and very helpful in all matters. Our room was of good size with ample storage opportunities for our luggage and was spotless - no room for improvement. The bed was comfortable, the room very quiet, and breakfast was served each morning. Offerings were ample and sure to please.We would choose this hotel again and I would recommend Hotel Casci without reservation.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tiberina
<Content>Perfecto! We cannot say enough positive things about this charming hotel. The owners are tremendously caring; catering to your every need. They are thoughful and sweet, regardless of whether you are a couple on your honeymoon or a family of four. They are happy to provide directions, make dinner reservations/recommendations, schedule museum visits, and obtain ticket to concerts. One of the couples in our party of 8 had a problem with lost luggage and the owners took control by making many calls to Alitalia and perservering until the issue was resolved. The property is clean and safe, and the air conditioning works wonderfully. The location is perfect--the Duomo, Accademia, and Uffizi are just minutes away by foot. Breakfast is delicious. We shall return to Hotel Casci!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Canadian67
<Content>Great place to stay We found this small hotel to be a very friendly, helpful, and welcoming establishment. The staff were always ready with advice and responsive to advance emails obtaining the necessary reservations for the Accademia and the Uffizi.Room was large, comfortable, and well appointed. It was kept clean although it wasn't cleaned until 3 pm or later which interfered slightly with our planned rest periods. Bathroom was well appointed also but the fan was quite noisy and it was a two-stair walkup from rest of room. Air conditioning was powerful but also a bit noisy.The location was excellent: three blocks from the Duomo and around the corner from the Accademia and the elevator was available to get to the hotel floor.Breakfast was excellent and varied and the service was very good. The breakfast room was attractive and comfortable.Rooms have a safe (and it is a safe safe) and a fridge but mercifully no minibar.They still use oversize keys that are left at reception instead of security cards but we never felt this to be a problem.We were pleased with our five nights at the Casci.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Max52
<Content>Good value/Location Just returned from staying at the Hotel Casci in June. It was as pleasant as I had read about on this and other sites. Really appreciated the free internet in lobby and it was usually available. Staff was very helpful and friendly. I would strongly recommend using them to book any museums you want to visit. Their restaurant suggestions were very good and they gave excellent directions to locate. Our only problem was we could not get our phone card (that worked fine in Rome) to work. They tried it for us, but they could not get it to work either, they did say there were few phone lines to get out. I would send friends to stay here or return myself.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beaslo
<Content>Bravo! We could not have been more pleased with the warm reception and excellent service provided at Hotel Casci. The rooms were well appointed and clean, the bathrooms were a nice size. The owners and staff were very knowledgeable about the area - went out of their way to make us feel comfortable. I definitely recommend!!!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kk21
<Content>Magnificent, loved it, highly recommended We just returned from a 17-day trip to Italy that started in Florenceat the wonderful Hotel Casci. I can't imagine any better way to be introduced to this lovely city than staying at this outstanding family-run hotel. We were welcomed with warm and genuine smiles afterour day-long journey from the Chicago area. The reception, breakfast,and lounge areas are beautifully decorated (make sure to notice the lovely fresco on the ceiling in the breakfast room). There are many guidebooks and other travel resources available for clients, but the best resource is the friendly and helpful staff. Their recommendations for restaurants, sightseeing, and shopping were better than any guidebook, accompanied by a desire to help you experience the best of the city they love. They have been in this business for generations, and their attention to detail and caring ways reflect their love of providing a first-class experience for their guests. You will feel as if you are part of a family that is making sure you are comfortable, well fed, and happily enjoying your visit.The details of our stay: We stayed at the Casci for 7 nights while visiting Florence and taking day trips to Pisa, Siena, and Lucca. The first 2 days there were 4 of us in a large and comfortable air-conditioned room with 2 twin beds in a type of alcove and one queen size bed (actually, there was a third twin bed next to the window and the larger bed, which we managed to cover with guidebooks, souvenirs, electronics, and carry-on bags), with end tables for each bed. There was ample storage for luggage and clothing, several wall hooks for hanging coats and other misc. things, a nice desk with a large mirror and separate lighting above it, a small refrigerator and safe below the desk, and a large, up-to-date bathroom. A flat screen tv was attached to the wall across from the larger bed. The room was more than comfortable and spacious for 4 adults. We were able to remain in this room when my son left to join his choir tour.Breakfasts were delightful, and we looked forward to them every day. Delicious cappucinos and cafe lattes were prepared and served by Carla, the wonderful family matriarch, and her associates. One of the joys of the day was talking with Carla about Florence and her family and the Casci, which once was the home of Rossini, the Italiancomposer. So many choices for breakfast, everything of the best quality. Toast, rolls, hard boiled eggs (why did they taste so much better here than at home?), hot water for soft boiled eggs, cheeses, meats, fresh fruit, cereals, juices, regular coffee and tea, yogurt, a different type of sweet coffee cake each day --- a true feast served in a bright, cheerful room with the beautiful fresco on the ceiling. Such a nice way to start the day.Internet service was available; all you had to do was sign in and out. Bottled water and other drinks were available to purchase at a price that was less than you would find on the streets. We had laundry done before we left Florence (it helps to request ironing in addition to washing), and everything came out just fine. The laundry was returned to our room in the evening of the same day that we gave it to them.I had made our reservations over the Internet after reading other glowing reports of this gem of a hotel. They communicated with me by email to confirm our reservations and also to book reservations for us at the Uffizi and the Accademia. They made dinner reservations for us and recommended wonderful places to eat. Everyone was always friendly, helpful, and interested in knowing how you were enjoying their city. The family who runs the Casci, Carla and her son Paolo, are some of the nicest people you will meet in your life. And everyone who works there made you feel at home. The Casci is just a wonderful place to call home while you stay in Florence. It is centrally located but not in the middle of the crowded tourist areas, just a couple of short blocks to the Duomo and Baptistery in one direction, the Accademia in another direction, and San Lorenzo market in yet another direction. The train station is within a reasonable walking distance for day trips (we chose a taxi when we left the city with our luggage); in fact, you can easily walk to everything from this location. There's an ATM machine across the street just outside a bank. Everything you could want or need is available at or nearby the hotel.This was our first trip to Italy, and our wonderful experiences at the Hotel Casci helped make Florence the perfect introduction to this beautiful country. Florence was perhaps our favorite city on this trip ( besides Florence, Pisa, Lucca, and Siena, we also visitedVerona, Venice, and Rome), not only because it is a fabulous city butbecause of the fabulous place we stayed. We highly recommend the Hotel Casci as an excellent, friendly place to stay in Florence --- an added bonus to visiting this amazing Renaissance city. Everything about it is first class!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SicilySue
<Content>Charming and well-run It may be unremarkable from the outside, but once inside Hotel Casci you feel enveloped in old world charm, from the stucco-ceilinged breakfast room to the long carpeted hallways and the thoughtfully designed rooms. The staff was excellent and made us feel right at home. The nights were quiet, and the shower outstanding. The breakfast buffet was more than ample, with eggs and salame, fresh fruit, breads and pastries, and, of, course, caffe. We had free use of the internet, and there is a virtual library of books to help plan your stay in Florence. The hotel is located just a few blocks from the duomo, so is fairly central to everything Florence has to offer. I have rarely seen a hotel so well-run and well-cared for, and would not consider staying anywhere else on my next trip to Florence.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LeotheCat
<Content>Wonderful Hospitality We are two older ladies who stayed for 10 days at Hotel Casci. Carla and all her staff were wonderfully friendly, helpful, and gracious. Breakfast was very nice with lots of choices, but alas, the only eggs available were boiled--not my personal favorite. There were plenty of other things offered to make up for this, however. The location, near San Lorenzo, the Duomo, San Marco and the Accademia, was very convenient, with bus stops located right on our street. The hotel is not on the ground floor but there is a small, reliable elevator. We can both highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay with them again in the future. Thank you, Carla  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lajoiedevivre
<Content>Can't beat the value/location/amenities This fine family-run hotel has a lot going for it: Great amenities (fridge in the room, flat-screen satellite TV, Internet access - including free use of a computer in a common area); a central location minutes away from the Duomo, Uffizi or Accademia; gratious, helpful staff who will recommend restaurants, make reservations and book museum tickets - and all this for a very reasonable price. I would recommend the Hotel Casci to anyone, and would stay there again. Grazie mille!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chris87114
<Content>Great Stay! We were in Florence for 3 days in early May'07 and we stayed at the Hotel Casci during that time. This was our first time in Florence, and the Hotel Casci met our needs in every way. It is located just 2 blocks or so from the Duomo and most of the sights in Florence so everything is in walking distance. We also had a rental car with us (not recommend or needed for Florence) that we were using to see Tuscany and get to Rome. The hotel has a valet service that was very convenient to use. Our room was very nice and good size. It had a small frig, a safe, and smallish flatscreen TV. The hotel served a very nice continent breakfast each morning that was more than enough to start the day on. We also took advantage of their laundry and dry cleaning services which seemed very reasonably priced and were done the same day. They also have a small bar near the entrance with alcoholic and N/A drinks at very reasonable prices. There's also a PC in the lobby that is free to use which was nice for us to quickly check email during our travels. Overall, the staff (family run) was extremely helpful and very friendly. Highly recommend this nice place in Florence!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RAD01
<Content>Friendly, quaint hotel We spent four nights at the quaint Hotel Casci and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. All of the owners and staff were helpful and friendly. We had them book reservations for several of the local attractions as well as dinner for us, and all went off without a hitch. Our room for 3 people was extremely clean and cozy. Breakfast was plentiful and the staff were very prompt in preparing coffee, making sure we got enough to eat, etc. The location of the hotel was quite good, within easy walking distance of all of the sites. The small bar and drink service was much appreciated, particularly glassess with plentiful ice at the end of a hot day. We had a wonderful stay at Casci, and would highly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MatureTravelingFolks
<Content>Hotel Casci is Superb!       Our room at Hotel Casci  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marayga
<Content>Wonderful Experience! From the moment we walked in the door we received excellent service.Everyone was very friendly, attentive, and helpful. From restaurant suggestions, to making dinner reservations, and checking the train schedule the Hotel Casci made us feel like valuable customers. The location is central and within walking distance to all of the major sites. We booked a room with twin beds and was given a room with two twin beds and a double so it was very roomy. The bathroom was satisfactory and the shower had great water pressure. The room also included a mini fridge but it wasn鈥檛 cold enough to utilize it for soft drinks or water. The breakfast was pleasant and filling and the free internet access was a bonus. We would definitely return and recommend the Hotel Casci.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JudyLosAngeles
<Content>Fabulous hospitality at the Hotel Casci Staying at the Hotel Casci was a delightful experience. The staff is so warm and friendly -- they really make you feel like family. They made our museum reservations ahead of time -- that is a must for the Uffizi Gallery. We saw the poor souls standing in 2 hour lines and we walked right in. The breakfast was excellent; be sure take up the offer of a cappuccino instead of just a coffee. It was delicious. The room was comfortable although not large and the price made it worthwhile. The location is great -- a couple of blocks from the nice shopping streets and about a block from the Duomo. Also, very near the San Lorenzo outdoor flea market where we picked up some tee-shirts at bargain prices.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rozey
<Content>A great hotel in the heart of the city We spent 5 nights at the Casci in April and would definitely return to this hotel. Our room was quiet, comfortable and clean. Casci's central location made easy walking to all the sights- right between the Duomo and the Accademia. Before we even arrived in Italy Paolo had our vouchers for the Uffizi and the Accademia. The staff was most gracious. When we overslept breakfast on our first morning, they had saved a plate for us. During the week they patiently gave us advice and were helpful in numerous ways. We'd be happy to go back.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jim_SD
<Content>Clean, comfortable, great location, great staff! The Hotel Casci is a great little family-run hotel. It is not fancy, but the rooms are comfortable and clean and the staff is wonderful. They went out of their way to make us feel welcome, help us with museum reservation, directions, etc.. The location is great, just minutes from the major sites and the train station.Highly recommended for the travler who will spend most of their time seeing sites and needs a comfortable place to stay and a helful staff to assist with questions about the local attractions.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Safura
<Content>Amazing hotel This is a wonderful hotel and the family that runs it is very helpful. They booked our passes for Uffizi and Academia in advance. Hotel is close to Duomo. They were very helpful in helping us plan a trip to Chianti/Tuscany/Sienna. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>odessitka
<Content>Great Location Great location near Duomo and everything else, helpfull staff, nice breakfast. The room furnishings are pretty basic, as are towels/linens, but we had a pretty large, esp. by Italian standards, bathroom, with a bath/shower combo, great double-paned windows blocked out all the noise.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Dandhilson
<Content>Excellent family-run hotel My wife and I recently spent four nights at this excellent hotel,and it has been an unforgettable experience. The location, ViaCavour, the room, spotlessly cleaned and serviced (fresh towels every day  everything working, including the essential air-con.), the most enjoyable breakfast, but above all, the kind and extremely attentive help given by all staff, and in particular the Lombardi family, who set a fine example for others to follow. - all these things, and many more, make it a relaxing haven to return to after a hot, busy day's sightseeing, and all so conveniently close. Just one thing - do not be put off by the rather dark street entrance. Takethe lift to the second floor, and you will receive a hearty welcome.Good value! We definitely recommend it.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dknyNewYork
<Content>Two thumbs up! My husband and I just spent 6 nights at the Hotel Casci. The hotel was great-the location was close to all the sights and the train station. The owners were super friendly and made reservations for us at restaurants and museums. Our room was small but very clean. The towels in the room were more like thick sheets but we were given terry cloth towels upon request. The breakfast was very good-there was a nice selection of pastries, fruits, cereals, etc. The location and price can't be beat, especially during the busy season in Florence. We would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a reasonably priced hotel in Florence.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DUNTRAVELING
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed here recently on the advice of other members, and we can only endorse what has been written before. This is a wonderful hotel centrally located and a 'little gem' The rooms are very clean and tidy, breakfast consists of pastries, juices, friuts and cereals and never ending coffee!. There is even free internet access in the lounge area. We found the Lombardi family excellent hosts and nothing was ever too much trouble. Contact the hotel before you arrive and they will book 'fast passes' to all major attractions - this saves standing in line!!We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to family, friends and other members.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SherpaDad
<Content>A first-class, family-run operation My wife and I, and our two kids (ages 10  13) stayed at the hotel for three nights in mid-May, 2007 and were extremely impressed by the quality of the experience that this family-run hotel was able to provide for us. Our quad room was clean, modern, air-conditioned and it offered us plenty of room in which to move around (a rarity in our european experience). Breakfast was plentiful and delicious - fruit, brioche, toast, granola, bran, yoghurts, orange juice and steaming hot cappucino served by the family matriarch herself. The lobby has free internet access. Rooms have wi-fi access. And the shelves behind the front desk are absolutely crammed with (mostly english) guidebooks of the area. It's just a block away from the Duomo, and (for the smart packers) a simple walk to or from the train station. No hesitation whatsoever in recommending this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>klopter
<Content>Charming personal service at Hotel Casci The rooms were clean, comfortable and lovely to look at. Breakfast was wonderful. And most of all the staff was thoroughly accomodating and helpful. Three thumbs up!  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rmcca1
<Content>Hotel Casci is outstanding! My family and I stayed at Hotel Casci for three nights in April 2007. Our room (one king and one twin bed) was very comfortable. We were treated exceptionally well by the owners, who arranged tickets to the Accademia and Uffizi, on short notice. Breakfast was outstanding. The location could not have been better. There is no reason to stay anywhere else in Florence. We will return as soon as we can, and stay longer.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cheekychubbychops
<Content>Can't be beaten We stayed in this excellent 2 star hotel in Feb 07. It surely can鈥檛 be beaten on location, value for money and cleanliness. We had quite a small room with tiny bathroom (including a pull-down toilet!) but it was spotless and the bed was so comfortable. Considering the location it was also very quiet. We didn鈥檛 think the staff were over-friendly, in fact they seemed a bit stressed!, but we never really asked them for anything. We booked direct via their website and saved money paying in cash. Their e-mails were extremely friendly and helpful. The breakfast was adequate 鈥?and they arranged a super-early one for us on the morning we left, which was great. Would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>pxaleck
<Content>Casci is warm and friendly Like the other reviewers, we were most impressed by the helpfulness and warmth of Paolo, his mom and Pierpaolo. Paolo can give you advice on where to go, when and how, especially if you want to go beyond the obvious attractions in Firenze. The location is perfect --we were with our two teenage daughters and ultimately let them go off on their own because the hotel became like a home to return to. Take advantage of the paid parking Casci offers if you have a car because you don't want to drive in town. The rooms were nice and clean; only complaint was that in our inner courtroom room, the air conditioner didn't cool too well and the window was in a place that we didn't get a full breeze. But I did see a bat hunting for dinner one night in the small atrium. When we returned home, one of my daughters said she wished she was back in the breakfast room with Paolo's mom offering her another capuccino. A wonderful place.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mtafoya
<Content>Highly Recommend Hotel Casci The Hotel Casci was great. You can鈥檛 beat the location, and the helpfulness of the staff was fantastic. The location is very centrally located, literally a five minute walk to the Academia and David, and just a 10-15 minute easy walk to everywhere else you would want to go. Once I booked my reservations at the hotel, the staff offered to make museum reservations for us which we gladly took them up on. (I highly recommend this.) Then once at the hotel, they were very helpful. They recommended a restaurant to us that turned out to be the best restaurant we ate at in Italy, and that鈥檚 saying a lot since every restaurant was great. But Il Semidivino, just a five minute walk from Hotel Casci, was by far the best. (It was so good, we didn鈥檛 take a chance on anything less, and ate there both nights we were in Florence.) Everything else about the Hotel Casci was very good also 鈥?the food in the morning, the room itself was quite spacious, and even the internet access was convenient. But again I have to comment on the staff 鈥?very helpful, but I assure you, not overbearing in the least 鈥?just very helpful if you needed them in any way. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jwhertfordshire
<Content>Wonderful Stay in Florence We stayed for a week at the Hotel Casci in mid April and can thoroughly recommend the hotel from every point of view. Our large room was very clean and very quiet, even though the hotel is on a main road. The location is excellent with pretty much everywhere being within walking distance. The staff were welcoming and very helpful. They booked our tickets for the Uffizi and Accademia which was great as it avoided a 2 hour wait in the queue outside! The buffet breakfast was fine, with a good variety to help yourself to, plus cappuccino, coffee and proper pots of tea! The city sight-seeing bus is worth doing for an overview of the sights. Do stop off at Fiesole if you can; we did on a beautiful warm day and walked up to the top and had lunch in a small restaurant overlooking the stunning view of the city. Absolutely idyllic!! Also, go to the Duomo in the afternoon, the morning queues to get in had all disappeared by then.We would definitely stay at the Hotel Casci again and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pipposeattle
<Content>Casci in the heart of Florence We stayed for 2 full weeks at Hotel Casci, and it was wonderful from beginning to end. The staff was professional and helpful at every point, and they helped to make our stay in the overrun city of Firenze a pleasure by leading us to good restaurants and by making reservations for us to get to the Uffizi and other museums on the right days of the week and times of day. The hotel is just the second floor of a building in the very center of Firenze, about 2 blocks from the Duomo and Baptistery, and about a 10 minute walk to the train station and bus stations. So it is ver handy. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside it was welcoming and home away from home. Our room was large and comfortable, impeccably clean and the design of the room was very thoughtful. I can't imagine that my wife and I would ever return to Firenze without staying at Hotel Casci. You will be glad you chose this location for your stay.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catbruin
<Content>Wonderful Hotel A sensational place! It's like having a branch of your family in Florence warmly greeting you and being there for every question and travel need. Centrally located just blocks from the Duomo and the Galleria Accademia. It also has an elevator and free internet. Our room was charming, comfortable, and quite ample in size with a modern bathroom. The breakfast buffet included a myriad selection from soft boiled eggs to a varied selection of breads, croissants, pastries, and fresh fruits. Drink selections include cappucinno, expresso or American style coffee. We would definitely recommend the Casci to our friends and family when they visit Florence.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oppositelock
<Content>Great location and great staff The location is excellent. You can walk to any of the many locations in Florence. The staff is very helpful with restaurant reservations and recomendations. The hotel itself is pleasent and very clean. I really liked the meandering hallways and quiet rooms. Above all else the staff made the stay of 4 nights well worth staying again. We plan to go back to Floence (didn't see all we wanted) and will stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>WitzinCville
<Content>A delightful friendly little hotel My wife, myself, and our sixteen year old daughter spent four nights at the Hotel Casci during the first week of April. We shared a triple room - a king bed and a double bed. The room was simple, but quite spacious, and extremely clean. There was adequate storage space, and the bathroom was small but very functional. The location of the hotel was perfect for us - two blocks from the Duomo, but not in the midst of the hoards of tourists. EVERYTHING was an easy walk away - the train station, the Duomo, all the major galleries, and the river. All of the staff were unbelievably kind and accomodating, most notably Paolo and Pierpaolo. Everybody spoke English flawlessly and a number of other languages as well. Prior to our visit, Pierpaolo made reservations for us at the Uffizi and the Accademia which obviated waiting in the long lines we had heard about. Breakfast was simple but more than adequate. When we return to Florence, we certainly consider staying at the Hotel Casci again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>profesora60707
<Content>We wouldn't stay anywhere else in Florence! This was our second stay at the Casci and we could not be more pleased. Our room and bathroom were immaculate and the buffet breakfast is excellent. What makes the Casci so special, however, is the personal care given to the place and the guests by the wonderful family who runs it. They really make you feel special--as if you were a part of the family. They love Florence and know it so well that they can provide answers to just about any question anyone might have! We also loved the face/hand towels. My Dad used to use that kind of towel. They are very absorbent and light and we went out and bought some to bring home. On our next trip to Florence, we'll be back at the Casci!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lolabarney
<Content>Another great stay at the Casci My mother and I stayed here for two nights in April 2007. It was my third stay.I can't really add anything to what has already been stated, except that I wouldn't stay anywhere else. Spotlessly clean, quiet, comfortable hotel, a two star with added extras, like the free internet, ample supply of travel books in the lobby, great cappuccino at breakfast (always ready to give you more), and the always pleasant and helpful Lombardi family, who were even able to fulfill my request for room no. 10! (ask for this one - four windows, (one in the bathroom), a large entryway and a newly-renovated bathroom with separate shower and large soaker tub). This is a well-loved and cared-for property, and it shows. I hope to return to this hotel and this great city.As a side note, we had an amazing dinner at the restaurant Mangiafuoco Bracerie a 5 min walk from the hotel on via Guelfa (50 euros for two people).  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mwherst
<Content>Loved the Casci We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Casci. The owners were very helpful with making restaurant and museum reservations for us. Our rooms were comfortable, but not fancy. They had a different type of towel in the bathroom - very thin. However when we asked if they had terry cloth towels, they got them for us immediately. I loved the location of this hotel - very close to the Duomo and the Galleria dell'Accademia. We also walked from the train to the Hotel. I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FrancesBoulder
<Content>Very comfortable, well located, clean hotel We booked this hotel for our recent stay in Florence based on reviews and mentions in various travel guides. It is in a very central location, within walking distance of every must-see site in the core city of Florence. The proprietors were indeed welcoming and very helpful with arrangements at museums and restaurants. A laptop computer is available for guests for e-mail messaging.The rooms are located on the second floor, eliminating any street traffic congestion. Our room was rather dark as the exterior shutters did not open. During our stay, construction was ongoing in the next courtyard but they did not begin until 8 a.m. and we were not in the room during the day. Space in the room was tight, but there was a slice of an entry room between the bedroom and the bathroom that was equipped with writing desk. We stored our luggage and other items in that space, freeing up more in the bed area. The marble tiled bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom area and was equipped with a bath  shower combo and a separate shower as well as toilet, sink, bidet and towel warmer rack. The bathroom was sparkling clean. Breakfast is included and the breakfast table and hours are presided over by either the proprietress or the breakfast major-domo who managed the flow of food with an eagle eye.We were only two but during our stay we encountered families and larger groups that the hotel and staff seemed to accomodate very easily. This is a comfortable, safe and clean place, very convenient at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marygone
<Content>Very happy with the Casci Just returned from six nights at the Casci. What a friendly staff, especially Mama and Paulo. It was indeed like staying with family as they fussed over me. My room was small but absolutely spotless, with a lovely tiled shower. The breakfast spread was large, delicious and limitless. The location is excellent. I'd certainly stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CatalinaItalia
<Content>Loved Hotel Casci! Fabulous stay! My travel buddy and I stayed at Hotel Casci in May of 2006. We had a fabulous stay, and I tried to write a review earlier and experienced difficulties with the TripAdvisor website, so here it finally is! Prior to arriving in Italy, I had worked extensively with Pierpaolo to plan a surprise for my friend because we were going to be celebrating her birthday in Tuscany. He was more than helpful and had flowers and truffles waiting on the expected day and everything went over without a hitch. My friend had a most wonderful birthday, and I couldn't be more thankful for the friendly help. Our room was wonderfully clean and pleasant, and we felt like we were coming home.The breakfast was nice, and we felt no pressure of people watching over us. In fact, they were extremely helpful because we did not know how to use the toaster! Pierpaolo also set us up on a few day trips to Chianti and Siena, and advised us to go to Pisa on our own, which turned out to be an excellent suggestion. He saved us money!! If ever in Florence again, we would most certainly, without any hesitation, stay at our beloved Hotel Casci. Thank you Pierpaolo and the Lombardi family! Your generosity and warm welcome and departure were so generous and caring.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dean07
<Content>It鈥檚 a basic but adequate property. It鈥檚 a basic but adequate property. We had a very large room on the street, but had almost no street noise. The family that operates the hotel is the best. They were very helpful in assisting with museum and restaurant reservations well in advance of our stay. The only way we could anticipate someone being disappointed with the property was if they expected a more extravagant room. It鈥檚 a great value in a fabulous location (less than five minutes from the Accademia, the main marketplace, and many museums). Book here, save money and buy some great leather goods in the San Lorenzo marketplace just around the corner.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DVPinNYC
<Content>Home away from home! Anyone who is visiting Florence would be crazy to not stay at Hotel Casci. It is perfect! It is located right in the heart of Florence, walking distance from everything (Duomo 2 blocks away). It is clean and quaint. Breakfast is more than just a croissant.... eggs, yogurt, toast, fruit etc. Free Internet access and TV in rooms that have CNN and BBC. Tons of hot water and laundry service available. The best part is the staff! It is as if you are staying with family. They are kind and courteous, offer great suggestions and look after you. We emailed with them a bunch before staying and they were extremely helpful. There is also a discount if you pay in cash. An amazing hotel, in a beautiful city.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AL_Cambridge
<Content>Fun in Florence The Hotel is as it says small and friend. It is a family run hotel and they go out of their way to help. The room had all that you needed and was very clean, Towels changed daily. We had a pretty view over the houses and gardens at the back of the hotel(room 6). The bus tour is a must as it is easy to miss important buildings in the small and narrow streets, you get the tickets from the hotel. Florence was busy with coach tours of children. The only thing that you must remember is to watch your bags as my friend had her purse taken from a zipped up bag over her body. They were kind enough to zip the bag back up!!! Apart from that we had a great time and would stay at Hotel Casci again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GPNWW
<Content>Location, Loction, Location We loved our stay at this hotel. The facility was spotless, the bathrooms modern, rate very reasonable, and the staff extremely helpful in reservations for the Accademia (David), which is two blocks away, and for the Uffizi. The hotel is four blocks from the Duomo. We found the location perfect for us to walk to all our events. Their internet access allowed us to coordinate with the family back in the United States. The dinner recommendation (Figlio di Niobe) was a perfect fit to our budget with excellent food. The Lombardi family gave us great attention, as we had a daughter meeting up with us in Florence. The morning buffet with cappuccino started our days on the right track. We will definitely return to this hotel . If you get reservations for the Uffizi, you will want to know you start at entrance 3 which is across the way from the crowd lined up for door 2 and door 1. Once you have your ticket , go directly to door 2, you do not have to queue behind the groups lined up awaiting entry.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jedifish
<Content>Great hotel, great value This Hotel was one of the best things about my stay in Florence, it was quiet, clean and while not a luxury property it is family run the staff was nothing but helpful. The location was great, and it just had a very welcoming feeling about it. I have been in Florence before but found this hotel by accident. I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else now when I go back next time. I have traveled all over the world and places like this are a welcome find. couldn't have been happier.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>STJ705
<Content>Clean and very convenient We stayed at the Hotel Casci in April 2006. Overall we were impressed with the hotel. It was clean, the concierge very helpful (Paolo is wonderful), and the location extremely convenient for taking in the sights of Florence. I would definitely recommend this to friends and family.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Punch2u
<Content>Wonderful Hotel I just returned from a trip to Florence, Italy with my daughter who gave me this trip as a birthday gift. She made arrangements with the Hotel Casci and she couldn't have picked a nicer hotel. It is run by a family, the Lombardi's, and they are the nicest, warmest people. They care about your needs and meet all of them. Mrs. Lombardi was such a sweetheart. Her breakfasts in the morning were just wonderful.Everyone there was so helpful answering questions and making reservations for us. They suggested wonderful restaurants too! It was almost like staying in their home.Even though the hotel was on a busy street, Via Cavour, once we got back to the Casci it was so quiet and relaxing. They even have a computer at the disposal of the guests, which was helpful in keep in touch with family at home.It is convenient to The Duomo, The Uffzi and The Academia, all within walking distance. Even the open markets.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is planning a trip to Florence. I'd return there in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vmarn
<Content>good hotel Best things about hotel - clean, quiet, free internet for guests, breakfast is more than continental. Negatives - The room was not very spacious and looked better in website photos, linen had a vinegar smell to it, we felt we were watched over a little too much at breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>arpCalifornia
<Content>Never Stay Anywhere Else This is a wonderful place with very kind, attentive owners/staff. They all really DO want you to enjoy your stay. No matter how busy, they always make time to help you. The location is great. Our room was spacious, clean and very quite. I knew I would miss breakfast the first morning (jet lag) but at owner's insistence, I had coffee and pastry. It was very nice since they had already cleaned most of the breakfast room. We stayed 9 days - wish it had been more. We wouldn't consider staying anywhere else in Florence! Thanks Paolo - you're great!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pdelis50
<Content>As good as any Hoel I have stayed in in Italy I stayed in this Hotel during February 2007 with my wife and son. I could have not have asked for better. There are so many positive things, and no negative onesI will list1) The windows had screens,2) The room was so comfortable, that we overslept one morning.The room was also very spacious. Nice hot showers and modern bathroom as well3) good breakfast which was included and hours for breakfast were generous.4) Extremely friendly staff, Helped with everything from emails before our arrival, answered all of our quetions, concerning directions around Florence (more than once !), parking, driving in Tuscany, How to use the safe. .5) The room rate was very competitive6) Free internet access, which I used7) Close to all of the major attractions, can even get reservations for the Uffizi, if desired8) Received two different recommendations for restaurants in the area,(Za za and Semidivino, both were excellent and reservations can be made as well)9) Even received other local information ( Like where to watch Champions league soccer etc.)10) Friendly attentive service and English was well spoken11) Refreshments ( wine, water) can be purchased as well.This is a good or better than many 3 or 4 star hotels that I have stayed in the past in Europe, Should I come back to Florence, I would stay here again as my first choice, Easily ! Hands Down !  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NJ36
<Content>Just Like Family... Hotel Casci is truly a warm and friendly environment where the staff makes you feel as if you're staying with family!Our room (No. 7), was quite, spacious, extremly clean with everything we could need. We had a triple room and plenty of space for 3 women! The bathroom was perfectly equipped and modernized. The cappucinos we had every morning were so delicious! Breakfasts were simple and very satisfying. What makes Hotel Casci what it is, without a doubt, is the hospitality of the staff. If I had a question, they always had an answer. I would return to Hotel Casci in a hearbeat when I return to Florence, which I will. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Florence.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>outofscreennames
<Content>A Great Stay My friend and I, both high school educators, stayed at the Hotel Casci recently. We chose this hotel for its location; its immediate, personal response to our request for a reservation; and its affordability. The owners and staff at the Casci are efficient, kind, and helpful. My friend arrived in Florence a couple days before I did, but the owner did not have a room for her the first night--due to her last-minute travel arrangement. He made a reservation for her at a nearby hotel for one night and actually walked her to the place. I left for the airport very early on the last morning, and Mrs. L. arranged for me to have a light breakfast beforehand and had called the cab the night before. The rooms are adequate and spotless; the beds are comfortable. The location is excellent...but the people there are what make this hotel such a find.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Neil_in_Sheffield_UK
<Content>Great Location       The Duomo, Florence  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>nmgarimellas
<Content>Nice hotel, great location This is a very nice hotel that is in a great location - 3-5 min walk (2 blocks) from Florence's main attraction, the Duomo and the Campanile. The room we were in was nicely done. It was a little claustrophobic because there was one small window opening out on to a non-descript courtyard. But I am not sure you get a room with a view in Florence for any medium priced hotel. The hotel owners were very helpful and had good recommendations on restaurants, attractions etc. The younger gentleman even dug up an electrical adaptor for me to use to recharge my camera. They also allowed us to leave our luggage at the hotel and valuables in a safe after we checked out so that we could return later and pick them up. The morning breakfast was ample and gave us a good start each morning. They have free internet access in the lobby. The price was also very good. All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Florence.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JudyG
<Content>a home away from home! Hotel Casci is located on the second floor in a building that is easy to miss when walking by. Well, we did the first round! Access to the hotel is by (small) elevator or stairs. When you walk in the door, you are transported into a truly warm, hospitable, friendly environment where the goal is only to please.When we arrived exhausted after a long sleepless night on the train, we were greeted with such warmth and hospitality as if we were family members! We were invited to have a bite to eat as we waited for our rooms to be readied and encouraged to make ourselves at home. Our wait was only 10 minutes, but they apologized profusely for any wait -- yet we had arrived early!Our rooms (I think -- 39 and 40), in a separate wing, were large, clean, well-furnished with plenty of space of all of our luggage/belongings. Our bathroom was spacious and seemingly recently remodeled. Loved that towel warmer! Our sons' bathroom was smaller, as was their twin-bedded room.Breakfasts were simple, yet satisfying. The hospitality was truly what made it all so special. Without a doubt, I would return to Hotel Casci should travel plans bring me back to Florence, and I would recommend this hotel to anyone who asked.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>4franks
<Content>Great Experience My family had a lovely stay at this hotel. From the warm welcome from Pierpaolo to Paolo鈥檚 recommendations for family friendly sights to the cup of hot chocolate that was kept full for my son at breakfast鈥t was a great experience. Close to everything we wanted to do and close enough to the train station for my family to walk. Their graciousness helped make our family鈥檚 visit to Florence special.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cmh_org
<Content>LOVED Hotel Casci Hotel Casci...what can we say? The service, the location, the room...all were fantastic. The bed was comfortable, the furnishings were understated and practical.Our only complaint...the bathtub/shower had NO shower curtain and we hated making a mess every morning.If you are expecting or wanting a hotel with a great view, Casci isn't that hotel. It is, however, a great hotel with great service, wonderful owners and a really convenient location.As a gay couple, we felt completely comfortable. At no time did we feel anything but welcomed...by all staff members.We were welcomed and greeted each and everytime we arrived at or departed from the hotel.When we asked for the name of a restaurant...Pierpaolo quickly recommended a terrific restaurant that was within walking distance of the hotel.Hotel Casci...we WILL see you again!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smalltowntravellers
<Content>A Family Touch creates a safe haven A Safe Haven. This small and charming hotel is located in the heart of the historic district in Florence just blocks from most of the top sites to visit such as The Uffizzi, Bargello, and Acadamia museums, and a stone's throw from the Duomo, the open street markets and other historic sites. Although not a fancy hotel it has the feeling of home with attention from all the staff and true caring. My wife was in need of medical attention on the holiday the day after Christmas and they arranged for a doctor to visit her in our room and helped solve what could have been a vacation breaker.This is just one of the many courtesies we were given during our family's stay as they also had set up reservations at several museums for us and were always there to assist in directions and helpful suggestions .They were genuine, warm, and caring and this is worth its weight in gold when far away from home. The relaxed atmosphere is unique in our experiences with hotels and all the other guests were drawn together by the atmosphere, striking up conversations at the breakfast table or in the gathering room /bar /internet room. I whole heartedly recommend the Hotel Casci and I am grateful for all the efforts the entire staff provided with nothing but good humor and family style caring. Jeffrey+ Ellen  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TDOG75
<Content>A Warm Welcome to Tuscany       Double Room  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bachacookies
<Content>Wonderful experience This hotel is located 2 blocks from The Duomo and within walking distance of everything there is to see in Florence. My husband and I had room 19 in the back of the hotel and we were so happy with the lack of street noise so common to other hotels in the downtown areas. Our room was large by European standards, very clean, and had all the necessities one would expect. This is a family-run hotel and the owners and staff could not be more accommodating. The morning breakfast was more than ample, with a large variety of pastries, cereals, fruits, and meats. They made every minute of our stay a delight. I would go back to Florence and stay at Hotel Casci in a heartbeat.  Chatham, NJ (USA)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>graceh9
<Content>not our favorite -- just okay This hotel was hyped in many tourist web groups etc and seemed like it would be a charming close to the ground sort of place.It was not terrible but in addition to not being particularly physically charming -- the staff was rather unpleasant and so we found it decidedly so-so.Our room was dark ugly and in January was either TOO hot or very cold -- the heat was either blasting (radiator) or ice. One child of about 12 was allowed to dominate the one computer for guest use the entire time we were there. Every time we entered the desk area, this kid was playing games or something on the computer so it was a major trial to check Email -- a request was met with sullen acquiesence while the kid stood there ready to pounce again -- the desk staff did nothing to make this available to guests.Breakfast was fine. The location is central. There are lots of flyers for tours and guidebook type information is available. Not a terrible experience but we wouldn't go back and we can't understand the people who found this a 'gem' or delightful or whatever -- we have stayed at many delightful small Italian hotels and this one isn't close.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Colibriman
<Content>Little Gem! This is an excellent hotel for its 2 star rating. The staff were very friendly and helpful. They understood and spoke perfect English (as did most of the Italians we had contact with).Our room was spotlessly clean.The buffet breakfast was good.It is centrally located (almost next to the Duomo) for the museums. We were gifted a calender on checkout which was a very nice gesture.If we revisit Florence we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>3080
<Content>Best small hotel We stayed at Hotel Casci from November 20 to 25th and we were very impressed with the hotel. We asked for a quiet room with a shower and received a large room facing the inner courtyard so it was extremely quiet. The room was very large with a king size bed, tv, telephone and very clean. The staff was very courteous and helpful in any assistance that we required. They spoke English extremely well. The buffet breakfast was all anyone could ask for. It consisted of eggs, lots of coffee, yogurt, fruit, juice, cereals, toast, pastries and even brown buns. During this excellent breakfast they even provided the Heral Tribune newspaper. The hotel also provides free use of the internet. And when it is raining (which it did for one day we were there) the hotel provided a courtesy umbrella. The location is fabolous as it is only one or two blocks from many attractions. I would go back there without hesitation and recommend it to anyone who is looking for a reasonably priced good hotel.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>racing2travel
<Content>Great time       City Hall  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amyn2006
<Content>Hotel Casci was perfect I traveled solo for the first time in late November. I had never been to Italy and visited Florence, Bologna and Tuscany. While in Florence, I stayed at Hotel Casci. I found them in the Lonely Planet guide book and I chose them because it stated they were family run. Well, the book proved to be right! The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. Especially Pierepaolo who went out of his way to make sure everything was running smoothly during my stay. Breakfast was tasty and it was also nice to have easy access to the internet. And the location was ideal...right in the heart of the city within walking distance of so many monuments, piazzas, museums and of course, the Duomo. My room was small (hey, it's Europe) but nicely furnished and clean. I would definitely choose to stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>NY Rangers
<Content>Best Value/Cleanest in Florence Thanks to all prior members who very correctly critiqued the Casci-I took your advice, booked it for 8 nights on my first trip to Italy,  you were all right. From the staff(who recommended  then called the restaurant to make our reservation), to the very fine breakfast, to the central location(step a block  1/2 either way  hit the Duomo or San Marco or San Lorenzo), to the absolute cleanliness of the entire premises,  to the relatively cheap cost, It was a wonderful place to stay in the best city in Europe-I recommend it w/o reservation  I am hopeful that I can do another review for everyone by the end of 2007/08. Approaching it at night from the Duomo is a walk I shall never forget  if you go, eat at Perseus, Il Latini,  Lo Scudo(east end of the Duomo, 1st left past the Museo del Opera).  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dave63
<Content>what is all the fuss about? First its an OK place to stay. The rooms are clean, yes. Keep in mind that this is definitely a two star accomadation. The owner is very nice, and pleasant, but I feel that an honest review is necessary. The breakfast is nothing special, and you are told where to sit. I felt liked I was being watched over a little too much. The free use of their computer is nice but it isn't in a private location, and the free wifi if you have a laptop requires a new entry code every three clock hours. The shower had very low pressure, without grab bars and a tall tub , which could be hard for some. The beds and sheets were comfortable, and overall the room was very dorm like. The hotel is on the second floor, but has a small lift, or stairs(the entrance is not very well lit at night)On the outside its location is right behind a row of dumpsters, that are placed curbside. It is close walking distance to the Duomo on a very busy street. The laundry service is handy and fair priced. Oh yea those microfiber bath towels are somewhat funky and are laundered with a dose of vinegar.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>IMAC
<Content>Great value, as advertised SUMMARY: Believe the hype on this and other review sites - Hotel Casci is a find. Great location with 4-star service at a 2-star priceCONTEXT: We had two rooms for 3 nights at the Casci in early Nov 2006. Prices (after 10% deal and seasonal discounts) were 63 and 90 Euros for a single and double respectively. Arranged reservation by emailing the hotel directly (best price we found). Clientele during our visit was about 40% American, 40% non-Italian European and 20% JapaneseTHE PROPERTY: The hotel is rated 2 star which is fair for the accomodation, breakfast, etc - but the service is more representative of a 4 star (more on that below). Very centrally located - midway (~5 minutes walk) between the Duomo Piazza and David / Accademia. Even the Uffizi, Palazzo Vecchio and the Ponte Vecchio are no more than a 15 minute casual stroll. Numerous shopping and dining options also in close proximity. And, if you are going further afield, the hotel easily arranges taxis when needed.The rooms (we stayed in 12  14) were simple but did have small TVs (with BBC, CNN and various Italian stations) and a safe. Beds were somewhat hard for our liking, but not overly so. The level of cleanliness really stood out, especailly the bathrooms.The hotel is on the 2nd (3rd for US readers) floor, but does have a small lift - very helpful with luggage as the typical Florence floors are significantly higher than most modern buildingsSERVICE: The Lombardis, especially Pierpaolo and Carla for our visit, were top notch. Consistently friendly, helpful and available. Before we arrived, they offered to make museum (Uffizi and Accademia specifically) reservations, which even in low season saved us a number of hours waiting in line for tickets. While in residence we had a few simple business-related issues (faxes sent and received, emails, photocopying) to take care of which was all handled professionally and quickly - definitely exceeded expectations for a 2-star tourist hotel. In fact there is a PC in the lobby with free internet access, alternatively you can 'buy' access to a wireless router if you prefer to use your own laptop.FOOD: Breakfast was plentiful but not memorable. You might have to share a table as the dining space is relatively small. Do understand, this is not just bread and jam / preserves, and maybe a piece or two of sliced meat or cheese that many cheaper hotels offer in Europe, but do don't expect haute cuisine or in fact much in teh way of hot food. The buffet includes boiled eggs, toast , fresh and packaged pastries, yoghurt, fruit, a few cereals and some packaged cheeses, spreads.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Casa-Paradis
<Content>Central location, friendly staff We spent two nights at this hotel and were happy with our choice. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was perfectly adequate and the bathroom clean and bright. The central location is a real bonus. One word of warning if arriving by car though - the hotel is not at all obvious from the street, there's no clear sign, and the traffic is very busy with lots of impatient local drivers and buses. We ended up having to go all the way round again, and then parking where we could while one of us went off to try and find the hotel, which was pretty stressful. Leaving the car in the middle of the road with the hazard lights on, which they tell you to do while they organise the valet parking, is rather worrying at first but seemed to work ok! Breakfast nothing special.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Greenwich_Villager
<Content>Can't fault this hotel We鈥檙e a gay couple who stayed five nights at the Casci in late October 2006. You could hardly ask for a better location. Our double room (No. 11) was bright and adequately appointed. The window opened on a pleasant courtyard. The bathroom was fine, with a big shower-tub combination. There鈥檚 an in-room safe and empty frig, with supplies for it available at the bar. Breakfast was good, though the bread, like much of the bread in Florence, needed to be salted to taste good. The staff was without exception helpful and sometimes quite charming also. We stayed in four cities this trip, and the Casci was certainly the most pleasant of the four hotels we stayed at. Our only caveat: The day we arrived, the room we had reserved was not available, and we were put for the first night in a big room at the back of the hotel with beds for five people and not so good a view. We would not have been happy staying in this room, though as dormitory-style quarters for a large family it would probably be considered a bargain.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mpf0424
<Content>Perfect Hotel! Our visit to Florence was so enjoyable due in large part to the wonderful staff at Hotel Casci. Not only were four of us able to be accomodated in one large room, but with each entrance or exit, we were greeted by a huge smile from those working at the front desk. I highly recommend this hotel; you'd be a fool not to book it.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkMac
<Content>Location, Location, Location Stayed here for a couple of days with my wife, chose the hotel on the basis of trip advisor reviews.First of all LOCATION - Fantastic.! This was our first visit to Florence, which is a staggeringly beautiful city with almost all to see within walking distance - and this hotel has a fantastic location within very quick walk to the scentral Duomo etc.The room was clean and although we had a nice quiet room at the rear the sound insulation isn't fantastic and each morning we could hear them setting up for breakfast and the people in the room next door using their hair drier!! But I am a fairly light sleeper and often wake early in the morning so this may not be an issue with anyone else. This is not a criticism, merely an observation.The family were all genuinely nice, warm, friendly and helpful and Paulo made a couple of great restaurant suggestions for us.We really did feel very welcome in this family run hotel. If you're looking for a place that is unpretentious, yet charming, and with a superb location then this is the place for you.If we went to Florence again, which we may well do, we would stay at the Hotel Casci!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>FLDonna
<Content>The Hotel Casci is a charming place to stay The hotel was a wonderful diversion. We wanted small and charming and that's what we got. The building housing the hotel had an elevator which was great since we had a lot of luggage and couldn't have walked it up 3 flights. There was a little lounge where you could have an espresso or a glass of wine while unwinding from the days sightseeing activities or you could surf the net. The breakfast was excellent. Much more than the standard Italian fare. And the people running the BB were extremely helpful and nice to us. They helped us with directions, recommendations for restaurants, information about the city, printed out pages from the internet, etc. This was the first time i'd seen a guest present a potted plant to the proprietor of a BB and stating what a pleasure it was for them to stay. I agree and I would stay again given the opportunity to visit Florence again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelingASAP
<Content>Lovely Hotel in Florence We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with 3 other couples in mid-October. The hotel is located on a busy street in the central part of Florence. The rooms are small but very clean. Our room faced a courtyard and we could hear some noise from the residents' below us. The windows shut tight and are generally soundproof. The breakfast room is large with plenty of muffins, eggs, toast, cereal and pretty good coffee. The desk staff was helpful in reserving a dinner location for the 8 of us one night. Another big plus was that we were able to drop off 2 bags of laundry in the morning that were done by the early evening (cost 18 euros).Additionally, the staff allowed us to bring a small dinner one evening (breads, salami, cheeses) with wine into the lobby which was very nice considering we were tired and just wanted a casual place to relax and visit. Don't forget they have free internet in the lobby that is very handy!!The Hotel Casci is a great hotel in Florence and we would not hesitate to visit again!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Risaoa98
<Content>Great Stay My family and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Casci. I chose this hotel based on the reviews on this website and in another travel guide. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff was very helpful. Additionally, the location was excellent. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ddawson
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My wife and I and my sister stayed at the Casci from October 1 through October 4, 2006. The location is central and easy walking distance to everything. The rooms were immaculately clean and the staff was wonderful...especially the mother...she is a doll. This was our first visit to Florence and we would like to return and will definitely try and stay here again. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone. Thanks to Paolo and Mama and all the staff for a wonderful visit. (The breakfasts were very nice...lots of things to choose from and the coffee was good, too.)  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fifoofie
<Content>40th Birthday Treat It was my wife's 40th birthday in September 2006 and as a special treat, we stayed in Florence for a long weekend in the Hotel Casci. We had a wonderful time there with very friendly and helpful staff. The hotel is spotlessly clean and each morning you are treated to a nice family breakfast. The hotel's great location is in the middle of everything. It is very close to the Duomo, a fifteen minute walk from the train station, a ten minute walk to the Accademia and the Uffizi Galleries. The Lombardi family recommended some of the best restaurants that we have ever eaten in, all located close to the Casci Hotel. Thank you Signora Carla, Paolo, Pierpaolo for making our visit so special.Looking forward to visiting you soon again.Best Regards,Trish  James Fouhy.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DonnaLP
<Content>Great family hotel in Florence We spent 4 nights at the Hotel Casci in Sept. 2006 and had a wonderful time. The hotel staff was very helpful, the room very clean, and the breakfasts delicious! The location was excellent, too. Guests also have access to the Internet on a computer in the lobby鈥攁 nice added touch. We felt very welcome in this family hotel. If you're looking for a place that is unpretentious, yet charming, this is the place for you. Hugs from the staff upon departure says it all!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stella_B1
<Content>We love Hotel Casci! We recently returned from a trip to Italy. Four of the nights were spent at Hotel Casci in Florence. This is an excellent small hotel, with a great location. The Lombardi family does an amazing job of making you feel at home, and they do everything they can to assist you in any way. We stayed in three different rooms (we stayed at two different times, we were not moved around) and they were all extremely clean and comfortable. Breakfast was delicious, and their breakfast room and bar are very comfortable.We would love to return to Italy some day, and will hopefully stay at Hotel Casci again!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>David_in_Arlington
<Content>Hotel Casci lives up to its reputation Hotel Casci's central location can't be beat. It was a ten or fifteen minute walk from the train station, five to ten minute walk from the Duomo, and ten minute walk to the Accademia and also the Uffizi Galleries. The mother and son management team make you feel like part of the family. The breakfast went far beyond the usual continental breakfast, with hardboiled eggs, yogurt, cereal and milk; all kinds of breads, tarts and cakes; plus homemade hot chocolate in addition to the coffee (including espresso and cappucino) and tea. At 110 euros for a single room, it was well worth it. The only drawback was the towels, which were more like tablecloths, but that is par for the course in most Italian hotels of this rating. The towels were changed daily, and the rooms were kept spotlessly clean.David F., Arlington VA  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Flame123
<Content>Fourth Visit to Casci and Still the BEST!!!! Well, our fourth visit to Firenze and the Hotel Casci was, in a word, SUPERB!!! We love this hotel, the wonderful, warm family that run it, the fantastic location in the middle of everything, and the super-clean and crisp housekeeping.Thank you Signora Carla, Paolo, Pierpaolo for making yet another visit a total pleasure (the champagne, flowers and snacks were the icing on the cake!!!).Hoping to visit soon again.All the bestDorit  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>conwoman43
<Content>A gem in Florence This was our fourth trip to Florence, but our first stay at the Hotel Casci. I found the hotel's website after reading various positive reviews online and was charmed and impressed by the friendliness and comprehensiveness of the site. And the price, for Florence, was very reasonable. We used the website to book, and received a response within 24 hours. When we arrived at the hotel, several other people were checking in at the same time, so there was a bit of a wait, but when our turn came, we were received in a very welcoming manner. My sister, who was also in Florence at the time, had left us a message to call her hotel, and the lady helping us at check-in immediately offered to put our call through. Our room was large and very comfortable, with a kingsize bed, a small additional area containing a pull-out single bed (that area had its own telephone and TV!), and a spotless bathroom with a combination bathtub/shower. There was no view, but it was very quiet at night. The breakfast in the attractive breakfast room was very nice, and my husband was delighted to see there was a contraption for cooking your own soft-boiled eggs! Everytime we went in or out of the hotel, we were greeted cordially. There was free internet use, and when some customer apparently abused the computer, and caused it to crash, a loaner computer was set up for our use within a couple of hours. There is also free WiFi in the hotel, but we did not bring our laptop, so can't comment on how well that works. Off the reception area was a small bar for the purchase of water, soft drinks, coffee, etc., and there was a large assortment of travel guides available. We can't wait to go back to the Casci on our next trip, and I almost hate to spread the word, as it is a small and delightful family-run hotel at a bargain price, and after the word gets out we may have to book months in advance!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcbright
<Content>Favorite Hotel in Italy The service at this hotel was better than service we have received...anywhere (home or abroad). When we arrived we had no luggage. Carla and her son Paolo knew what happened and immediately offered to be our contact with the airlines to find our bags. They took all of our pertinent info and made the calls, repeatedly, every day of our stay. For the first time in our trip we were able to simply enjoy Italy and not deal with Al Italia. Our bags did finally arrive.  Our room was traditionally decorated and was very clean. They had breakfast ready for us every morning. And as expected, thier service was wonderful in this area as well.  We could not have asked for a better location. We walked everywhere. Carla and Paolo also gave us recommendations of incredible restaurants. They made our reservations to all of the museums we wanted to go to. They even gave us recommendations of shops we could find clothing that was not going to kill our budget. Tuscany was my favorite part of our trip, Florence...the best and mostly because of our stay at Hotel Casci. The service was impeccable they were truly the nicest people we met in Italy.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wheelwatcher
<Content>A wonderful stay We had a wonderful stay at the Hotel Casci in Florence. We stayed there Oct 5 and 6 and could not have been treated better. It is listed as a two star hotel, however, I would say the service we received there was the best of our 3 weeks in Europe, including some so-called 4 star hotels.Above all, it is very clean. When we arrived a nice gentleman took our bags while we registered and had everything set up when we got to our room. We were a little disappointed with the view and we were promptly shown another room and moved quickly and pleasantly. We had a lovely room with actually two bedrooms. They couldn't do enough to make sure we were satisfied.The location is great, a five minute walk to the Duomo. The breakfast was great and the staff so accommodating. I would recommend the Hotel Casci.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>twoartisans
<Content>We highly recommend this small family-run hotel Our stay at the Hotel Casci was an excellent experience due to the wonderful service received from Paolo and family. They cheerfully made museum reservations, recommended good dining establishments in the local area, took care of our rental car parking and did it all with a smile and graciousness that was heart-warming. We would highly recommend this small family-run hotel for its convenient location and its fine proprietors.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gregoryc
<Content>Considerate hosts I just returned from my second stay in 4 years at the lovely Hotel Casci in Florence. I returned because of the consideration of the hosts, Carla, Paolo and Per Paolo, who always went to great lengths to insure that we would get the most out of our stay in Florence. They are very proud of their city and are always ready to give advice on what to visit and where to eat. Also, they secured reservations in advance at the Uffizi and Accademia. They are warm, lovely people. Their hotel is also very beautiful and quiet. It was also very exciting when I discovered it is right next door to the Medici Riccardi palace, which houses a great Renaissance painting, The Adoration of the Magi by Gozzoli. And the hotel is two blocks from the Duomo and the old part of Florence. I recommend the Hotel Casci without reservation. Oh, and the cappucino at breakfast is excellent.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AdamZach
<Content>This hotel is a gem - location, owners, staff, cleanliness, ambience I selected this hotel based on TripAdvisor reviews, as I have selected the last seven hotels we have booked, and this one was just the finest little gem of a hotel. The room was huge -- a big king size bed with two twin beds on either side (my husband and I each had our own storage bed!) a big armoire, huge windows, a generous bathroom --- all sparking clean. The owners (mother and son) and the wonderful (handsome, helpful) front desk person convinced you that their only purpose was to ensure your enjoyment in this beautiful city. Close to everything, Hotel Casci is so top drawer, I would go back in a second!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PRN
<Content>Wonderful Warm Welcome We booked Hotel Casci based purely on the Trip Advisor reviews and we were not disappointed. On exiting the lift on our arrival we were greeted by beaming smiles and this warm friendly experience remained throughout our stay. The staff at this hotel are some of the most friendly and helpful we have ever come across advising us on good places to eat, booking restaurants and taxis and even holding breakfast for us one morning when we were somewhat late. Hotel Casci is not palatial by any means but our room was spotless with modern and simple furniture, crisp white linen on the bed and the bathroom was gleaming with large white fluffy towels.It's the attention to such detail which makes this hotel such a special place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luvtoscrab
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Value I spent a week in Florence (Sept. 14-20, 2006) and was thrilled with the choice of the Hotel Casci. Its location is spectacular -- right by the Duomo and by one of the best outdoor markets (San Lorenzo) for buying gift items, like Pashminas, and one of the largest indoor food markets. It is a very short walk to all the historic sights and museums in Florence. The hotel owners and staff (Paola, Carla and others) are extremely helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable. I broke a tooth on the flight over and the owner immediately booked an appointment for me with his own dentist who saw me right away and did an outstanding job on the repair. The restaurants recommended by the hotel were all good and we went back to a favorite pizzeria (Pizzeria Nuti) four times for very thin crusted pizza. The hotel is immaculately clean, the rooms are extremely quiet even though the hotel is in the heart of town, the beds and linens are high quality, the bathrooms are modern. Although I generally have an aversion to small rooms, my room happened to be a little one and I loved it. It had everything one could want, including a small balcony overlooking a garden, a desk with high speed internet connection, and a bed with a great mattress. My brother and his wife had quite a spacious room but no more comfortable than my own. So don't let size get in the way. The buffet breakfasts included cereals, a variety of fresh breads, hard or soft boiled eggs, a special fresh pastry each day, coffee, cappucino, latte, tea, juices. We never felt a yen for the big American breakfasts.We booked with the hotel directly and it couldn't have been easier. Tip: We asked the hotel to books reservations in advance for us to the Uffizi Gallery and to the Accademia. I strongly recommend doing this because it saves waiting in very long lines at the museums.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>joe94553
<Content>Great Centrally located Florence Hotel We recently stayed at the Hotel Casci on the recommendation of friends. We found the hotel to be centrally located to all of the sites; hotel staff all spoke english and were very friendly and accomodating. Breakfast was good. Rooms were clean and quiet. Nice touch was a computer in the lobby free to use for guests. We would recommend this hotel without reservation.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel_Chick5
<Content>Favorite Place to Stay! I just went to Italy for a week and stayed in 3 different hotels. I would say that the Casci was definitely my favorite. I stayed at the Casci for 2 nights in a single, and I paid 120 Euros per night (high season). It was totally worth it. I absolutely loved this place.I arrived early and they let me use the internet and then held my luggage for me while I went and walked around the town. The hotel is in a great location: it's only a few doors down from the Palazzo Medici Riccardi, literally around the corner from the Galleria dell'Accademia, and a few blocks away from Museo di San Marco. My room was really cozy, spacious, and clean, and it had a little refrigerator and a safe. The window was huge and let in the sweet night air. The church bells ring at 7am, and they are loud enough to wake you - but I like that sort of thing. Breakfast was great - they had croissants, eggs, toast, coffee and tea, yogurt, cereal, and cheese. You can have as much as you want, as long as you don't try to smuggle anything back to your room.(There is a supermarket around the corner. Walk out of the hotel and go left. Cross the street, and turn right at the Piazza S. Marco, then take the first right. You'll see the supermarket on the corner (almost across from the Accademia).The front desk staff was wonderful - they gave me suggestions for restaurants and clubs, and were really welcoming and friendly. They also gave me the card of a good travel agent in Florence (no fee) who booked my train tickets to Rome for me. The best tip I got was to climb the duomo early on a Saturday morning - while the party-goers are still sleeping off their hangovers :). I got there at 9am and there were only 5 people in front of me. I got up to the top really fast and there was a ton of room to move around and take photos. I only wish I had stayed at the Casci a bit longer. I will definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>THK789
<Content>Terrific stay at Hotel Casci Wonderful place to stay! Friendly, family-run establishment -- they're incredibly helpful and always pleasant. Convenient location.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sedonabound
<Content>Great location, clean, friendly hotel. Clean hotel with a fabulous location just a block from the central market. Everyone was friendly, there is free internet in the lobby, and they will happily call and make you reservations at any of the wonderful restaurants in the area. This hotel was way less expensive than many of the others, and we really loved it. I would highly recommend it with no reservations!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LuBelle
<Content>Best Location My friend and I just returned from Italy and our favorite hotel was the Hotel Casci in Florence. I had stayed in a different, more expensive hotel there before; but this family owned and staffed hotel is the BEST! The location was perfect...only 2 blocks from the Duomo, and 2 blocks from the Central Market place. And certainly within strolling distance to the Arno and Ponte Vecchio. It is safe, warm, and our rooms were quaint, yet large enough to be comfortable. The air-conditioning worked great after a long day of touring and the shower and bathrooms were very nice and clean. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. They were helpful from the time we booked it online, by answering questions (via email) about area tours, train tickets, museum tickets, etc until the day we left when Carla herself accompanied me to a near-by jewelry shop to verify the price and quality of a piece I had seen the day before. She even bargained a discount for me during her conversation with the shop keeper.If you don't stay here when you visit Florence, you will be missing out on some of the best hospitality in Italy!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MatureTravelers
<Content>The Casci: a high quality hotel, great service, perfect location Before booking the Casci for our visit to Florence, I had checked Trip Advisor and found many complimentary comments. They were all true. The hotel is extremely clean, the rooms are good size, baths large and spotless. The service is among the best of the eight hotels where we stayed during our trip to Italy. The reception desk, run by Paolo and Signora Lombardi with the able assistance of a young associate, is very willing to accomodate any wish to make the guest's visit comfortable and enjoyable.We highly recommend the Casci and would stay there again. The location is excellent--all major sites are within walking distance: the Uffizi, Duomo, Ponte Vecchio, Piti Palace, etc. We arrived by car and the porter assistance and valet parking were a big help. A nice hotel run by nice people.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NWOnt.
<Content>Simply the Best! A tripadvisor member from Ontario, Canada There is simply no need to consider any other hotel in Florence than the Hotel Casci. It has it all! Approachable management/staff are willing to do anything for you. The lovely breakfast in a room filled with merriment and chatter among the guests (a credit to management) include the best hot chocolate and cappuccino anywhere, and delicious traditional fruit tarts among many other food items. The guest rooms are very clean and include a safe, minifridge, color television and air conditioner; all were in excellent working condition. Our room (#11) was very quiet, had comfortable beds and a large bathroom (the towels which appear to be tablecloths and tea-towels do the job, and add to the uniqueness); it was lovely waking up to the sound of the bells from the Duomo (a few minute walk down the street). The lobby bar sells an assortment of hot and cold beverages, and has free internet services. Finally, the location simply can鈥檛 be beat; it is within walking distance of everything. My husband and I spent a week here in June 2006.Our favourite restaurants included Il Latini (they are generous with food and drink samples), Ristorante Alfredo Sull鈥橝rno with its close proximity to the Ponte Vecchio, and the charming Trattoria Enzo e Piero. As well, there is a tiny eatery across the street from the Hotel Casci, on the way to the San Marco Square, that serves inexpensive traditional food (no tables). Interesting sights include Piazzale Michaelangelo for the city view (a hike uphill) and the interesting jasmine-covered Chiesa di San Miniato al Monte (church) where you can listen to a service/Gregarian chanting from the monks at 5:30 p.m., and stroll through the unique cemetery. The local bus (from San Marco Square near the Hotel Casci) will take you to the hill-top suburb of Fiesole: here, you have a sweeping view of Florence below, especially from the Reggia Restaurant. There is an inexpensive leather shop (purses) nearby. The local bus (again, from San Marco Square) will also take you to the hill-top suburb of Settignano; here, you can enjoy icecream in the small charming piazza and take a lovely stroll to Villa Gamberaia. There are some shops you can鈥檛 miss for unique souvenirs. One is Alice鈥檚 Masks Art Studio: the owner, Prof. Agostino Dessi is known throughout the world for his paper-mache masks. While in his shop, you feel like you are visiting Gippeto鈥檚 workshop (yes鈥ou will see Pinocchio masks). Another shop is Johnsons and Relatives (a few doors down from the Hotel Casci), for stunning marbelized hand-painted paper. Also, as you enter the Officina Profumo Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella, you will be immersed in the scent of soaps, perfumes and lotions that are apparently made from centuries- old recipes. One final recommendation, if you don鈥檛 want to spend a lot of time in Venice, we suggest a day trip by train (tickets available at a nearby travel shop from Hotel Casci). The three hour one-way trip travels through picturesque countryside, and is relatively inexpensive. Once you arrive at the train station in Venice, the half-hour water taxi ride along the Grand Canal to St. Mark鈥檚 Square is simply breath-taking! We thoroughly enjoyed our one week trip to Florence and highly recommend the Hotel Casci!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nickadams
<Content>A Rare Work of Art Hotel Casci was by far the best hotel we stayed at during our month in Italy. Hotel Casci is to the hotel industry what the David is to the world of art: a resplendent example of seemingly effortless perfection, both in the overall impression that first strikes you, and in the subsequent explorations of its subtle mysteries, its reservoirs of carefully rendered beauty. Our room was spacious and one of the cleanest spaces we have ever seen. The cleaning crew actually scrubbed the floor space UNDER the bed every single day! We would have happily eaten breakfast on the bathroom floor. Lovely bathroom with a large jacuzzi-style bathtub, and abundant hot water. Firm, new beds. We slept like babies. Great, free internet access in the lobby. A well stocked bar and cooler in the front room of the hotel. Yummy breakfast. Superb laundry service was returned same day, carefully wrapped in paper. They were happy to hang dry our delicates.  What truly seperates Hotel Casci from other hotels however, is the personally tailored service you'll recieve from the lovely family that runs the establishment. The are fully ready, and indeed, eager to help you track down any information you may require: restaurants, bus routes, museum reservations. Not only will they locate the information you need, but they will actually go the extra step of making your restaurant or train reservation for you, or charting your day's journey on a city map. Their knowledge of the city and of its resources is abundant and happily provided. There was no request we made that they were not able to accomodate. They remember your preferences, and incorporate them immediately into your service. Their attention to detail is what you might expect to find at a five-star hotel.  The sense that you feel when you stay at this hotel is that you are in the care of family, for not only is the staff professional to the nth degree, but their sincere interest and dedication to your well-being and pleasant stay is always evident. An anecdote may serve to illustrate the point. While in Florence, we had bought two huge umbrellas. When we were leaving for Liguria, we found that we could not fit the umbrellas in any of our luggage. One of the owners immediately suggested that we leave the umbrellas with them until our return at the end of the month. Two weeks later, upon arriving back at Hotel Casci, we were presented with our umbrellas, bound together with a rubber band, and labeled with a post-it bearing our family name and the date of our return. Three days later, as we were leaving Florence to return to the states, I presented the umbrellas to the mother of the family, saying: Please donate these to the next hotel guest who finds himself in need of an umbrella. Her response: No, signore. We will place these in our storage, so that they will be here for you on your next visit.  Now, back in the U.S., we miss the Hotel and its delightful and amazing staff (ladies, prepare yourselves to lay eyes on Pierre-Paolo, the youngest of the clan, and possibly the most handsome and statuesque Italian man in the city of Florence; how he is not a Gucci model escapes us). But it is a comfort to know that somewhere, in an immaculate storage space in Hotel Casci, there sits a pair of large umbrellas, bound together with a rubber band, with a note bearing our family name, and, we imagine, the words: Return date: ?  Thank you for everything, Hotel Casci. We will certainly be back.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelling_with_kids
<Content>A GREAT hotel Without doubt the warmest and most welcoming of all our stays in Italy. The room, a quad, was spacious by Italian standards and the air conditioning worked very well. Signora Carla and Paolo and everyone at the hotel were gracious, warm and helpful with any questions we might have had. They had free internet in the lobby which we rarely had to wait for. The breakfasts were hearty and the morning coffee good and strong. The location is within walking distance of the Duomo and most everything else.When next in Florence I would stay nowhere else. Thank you Hotel Casci!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Triprover
<Content>Grazie Hotel Casci We stayed at the Hotel Casci from thr 3rd-7th August at the begining of our holiday in Italy,and much enjoyed our stay. We were given a large quiet room with a bath as we had requested. The hosts were welcoming friendly and most helful.Reservations for dinner were taken care of by the staff,who also recommended other good places to eat. The hotel is in a great central location which meant we were within easy walking distance to visit the major sites.Florence lived up to our expectations as did the Hotel Casci. We would recommend it to anyone travelling to Florence and would only be happy to stay there again when we next return.Grazie to the Lombardi family.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>PattiSca
<Content>Hotel Casci was a dream! I had a need for a five person family room, and the Hotel Casci was more than happy to oblige. We have three very young children who cannot sleep in a room on their own,. Luckily, the Hotel Casci has a VERY large room for five that was more than adequate to meet our needs (even by US Standards it was big!). And the bath tub! The kids were in heaven. It was pretty large! And the price for the room was comperable to other hotels in the area that were proposing two small rooms for us. Unfortunately, Florence is a little pricey as far as hotels go, but I don't think the Hotel Casci is. We were welcomed very nicely, our children were addressed respectfully (despite having a little too much energy after a long car ride), and we received all of the help we needed settling into our room, finding restaurants for dinner that would be family friendly, providing assistance for a VERY early morning trip to Pisa, providing an early, quick breakfast, wake up calls, etc. I cannot express how perfect it all was. As far as service goes, I've never been to a nicer hotel, and I travel about 20% of my time on my company's expense, so I've been to many nice hotels!My children also liked the extra special attention of Hot Chocolate in the morning, made especially for them. Having protein at breakfast was a great treat (hardboiled eggs, yogurt) that we didn't have at all of our free continental breakfast hotels. And the croissants were as good as in Paris!What makes Hotel Casci so excellent is not just its service, but the whole package. The hotel is charming. The rooms are clean as clean can be. US Citizens can be a little anal retentive about cleanliness in hotels (I know, I'm one of them), but this was as clean as any five star US hotel I've ever stayed in. Never a stray hair in the sink, no crumbs on the floor, pristine linens and towels.The personnel who helped us, from housekeeping who asked every morning if we wanted our room made up now or later, to the front desk folks who are exquisite in their recommendations for restaurants, to the porter who treated every bag gently.My daughter was eaten alive by mosquitos in Venice before we arrived at their lovely hotel in Florence. I think it's a tribute to the hotel that the front desk was SO concerned after seeing her bites that they wanted to be sure it didn't happen in their hotel (IT DID NOT). And if we even suspected a problem, just let them know...August is a rough month for mosquitos and they'd spray for us. I can't imagine that service at the JW Marriott in DC, but you can find it at the Hotel Casci. And don't get me wrong, there were many romantic couples at this hotel...it's not just family oriented! I hope my next trip to Florence is alone with my wonderful husband, and we'll stay there again. In a heartbeat!!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jen&Brad
<Content>Wonderful hotel... We stayed in Florence for 3 nights and whilst Florence wasn't exactly our favourite place in our 11 city adventure the Hotel Casci was definitely one of the best places we stayed.We were greeted by a lovely host who was quick to show us everything we needed to know including the free internet in the lobby and also the cold drinks available (at a cost but not expensive).The rooms were great, ours had two air conditioners and minibar, safe, great cupboard space, and the bathroom had a shower over bath as well as a second standin shower.There was ample size for our two big suitcases and we had more space than we needed!It was also in great walking distance to most places, particularly the Duomo and Michealangelo's David which are both 3min walks.Whilst there were limited restaurants around there were brilliant Za Za's which is just around the corner was very nice and good value for money.Overall we could not fault this hotel at all.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dkoller32
<Content>GREAT PLACE This is a great place to stay. The staff is incredibly friendly and very helpful. I have never been to a hotel where they are so nice. Internet access is free in the hotel lobby. The breakfast every morning is also very good. The hotel is a nice location and very close to the market. The rooms are small, but it's very typical in europe that they are small. If you come to florence, definitely stay here...you wont be disappointed!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Stechan
<Content>Nice hotel in a nice area Very reasonably priced (for Florence). 15 minutes from S. Maria Novella station on foot, but on lot's of cobblestone. The staff were kind and helpful. Breakfast was sufficient. The location is very convenient to most of the major sights. Would recommend this hotel to most anyone.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>N2travels
<Content>Va Bene in Firenze! I had heard good things about Hotel Casci from friends, but I never thought we would enjoy our stay as much as we did! It is difficult to find a more friendly and accomodating staff than at this family run establishment. Not only were we impressed with the size of the family room (1 Queen and 2 twin beds), but it was very clean, well kept and a huge bonus to have A/C at no additional charge! We all enjoyed the breakfast and the kids loved the special treatment of yummy cups of Hot Chocolate every morning. We were also given some wonderful restaurant recommendations and perfect directions every time. This was my 3rd time to Florence and I have now found my home away from home!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RandomTravellerz
<Content>The Hotel itself is a lovely Florentine Experience My husband and two sons stayed at the Casci July 10-14th and couldn't have chosen a better place to stay. The hotel is quaint, exceptionally clean, convenient, and the hosts are more than helpful, and very friendly. We really enjoyed the breakfast every morning. The coffee is wonderful and the buffet selection more than adequate. I left full every morning. Everything you want to see or do in Florence is only a moment's walk from the Casci. The hotel website sold me on the hotel and I would say that it absolutely lived up to my expectations. I would definately recommend the Casci to anyone travelling to Florence and will stay there again when we next return.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PishPosh
<Content>Friendly place to stay at. First off, this hotel costs more per night than our other 4* hotels in the trip. Upon arrival, we were greeted with the usual tiny Italian lifts, that can only fit 2 people in without moving. The hotel is on their own floor and our welcome was extremely pleasant.Service is akin to a 4 star hotel, which almost justifies the high price. The location of the hotel is very good for those who love to walk. Our room was a nice size and very clean (no views of anything except old and dirty rooftops). Furnishings are those you'd expect for a 2 star hotel. The bathroom was pretty dull and had an issue with hot water regulation. Be prepared for some unexpected cold splashes and some really hot ones as well.They have a PC in the lobby which you could use, but it always seemed to be in use no matter what time of day it is. There is free WIFI as well, which works great in the day time, but after 10pm, does not work at all.The breakfast is your typical Italian breakfast, although with less usual variety. They have a proper bread toaster on hand though, which is nice.Overall, this is a good hotel for the first timer to Florence. The price although a bit on the high side, could be overlooked for the location and service.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>linadal
<Content>Enjoyed staying at Hotel Casci We stayed three nights at Hotel Casci , July 8, 9, 10, 2006. The hotel and rooms were very clean. The air conditioning worked which was a plus since it was very hot. The bathroom was large and recently remodeled.with a big bathtub/shower combination. The bedroom was on the small side but the bed was big and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was basic but very good. The location was near the Duomo and within walking distance of Florence's attractions. All in all it was an enjoyable experience. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cathydonald
<Content>Great central hotel We travelled to Florence with 3 children in July and stayed at the Casci Hotel. Rooms were spacious and clean. Air-conditioning made it very comfortable. Breakfast was good. The great advantage of this hotel is its location - 2 minutes from the Duomo - we walked everywhere. The other highlight is the extremely friendly and helpful staff - they gave us lots of useful tips, including where to watch the World Cup semi-final with our two football-mad boys - what an evening! Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AmLitTeacher
<Content>Best experience in Italy My husband and I and our friends stayed at this wonderful hotel for four nights in June,2006. I had read reviews on Trip Advisor and that was all I had to go on when I made my reservations. Within 24 hours Palo (from the hotel) had emailed me a lovely note and that was just a hint of what to expect when we got there. Senora Lombardi made us feel so welcome. It is not lavishly decorated, but it is the cleanest environment you could possibly ask for. The location is incredible - right in the heart of Florence. Reservations for dinner and even taxis were immediately taken care of by the front desk. Guests have free Internet access! I will recommend this lovely hotel to all our friends who plan on traveling to Florence.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Casci - Fantastic! EXCELLENT location....extremely helpful staff. A/C was great (it was 95 degrees in Florence), room was very clean and quiet. Free internet usage was a plus, continental breakfast had a good variety of goodies.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sportennis
<Content>The best hotel experience during my visit to Italy... If you are planning a trip to Florence I would definitely recommend that you stay at Hotel Casci. Beginning with the personal greeting from the young handsome gentleman at the desk to the very friendly departure of the lovely lady (who I have to say works day and night tirelessly), the stay at this splendid hotel could not have been better. The room was very spacious and the bathroom was newly remodeled. The air conditioning was a slice of heavenly retreat after a day of touring during the hot June weather. The hotel booked the Academia and the Ufizzi for me and that was a plus...no standing in line. I cannot say enough about the quality of the service and the quality of the establishment itself. I cannot forget to mention the wonderful breakfasts served every morning. Every one I met there seemed to feel the way I did. What a find! THANKYOU to the staff at Hotel Casci for making our stay so enjoyable. We'll be back.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Personal Service We spent three nights and four days at the Hotel Casci in Florence and had a wonderful experience. We are not experienced in international travel and we were traveling with our two teenage daughters. The personal attention from the Lombardi family that runs Hotel Casci was simply the best and most genuine we have ever experienced. They were extraordinarily friendly and helpful. Their advice and assistance were first rate. The breakfast was much better than we have encountered in similar small hotels. The hotel room was remarkably spacious, perfectly clean and equipped with separate beds for each of our daughters as well as a large bed in the main living area. The hotel was centrally located and the Lombardi's were most helpful about watching our bags after we checked out so we could enjoy a few more hours in touring Florence. I cannot imagine a better hotel in Florence for a family, especially with children.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>drkrc
<Content>VIVA L'ITALIA and HOTEL CASCI!! My husband and I can't describe how much we appreciated the wonderful service we received during our first trip to Florence at Hotel Casci (just days before the World Cup final!) The room (room 12) was wonderfully comfortable, away from the street and quiet so a perfect place to rest after long days of sight-seeing in beautiful Florence. The rooms have AIR CONDITIONING - a must for Florence in July!! The bathroom was spacious (by European standards), clean, and newly furnished. The breakfast was a fabulous way to start each day - plentiful and a wide variety. The staff were uniformly welcoming, pleasant and helpful! This hotel seemed an excellent value for the high season in Florence. I definitely recommend this hotel for a romantic vacation for couples looking for a good value as well as for singles or families.We hope to return to Florence sometime soon and when we do, we will definitely stay at Hotel Casci! VIVA L'ITALIA!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly, helpful, always available, good english This is a hotel that is run by a small staff of helpful, friendly folks with an easy going approach to customer service. There is always someone at the desk to greet you with a warm welcome and provide assistance if needed. In the AM, you are again greeted by a friendly Buon Giorno and a hardy breakfast and great cappucino. When asked they provide suggestions on good places to eat, call for reservations and willingly provide directions to any attractions you are heading out to visit for the day. They even helped us wrap a souvenir we purchased during the day for a safe travel home and provided other reasonable accommodations for their guests. We thoroughly appreciated their hosptiality! In additon, it is centrally located to many of the treasures of Frienze - of which there are many!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay - Very Convenient Great hotel for a family. We had a quad room which was very comfortable for the four of us. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is great, walking distance to the museums and the train station. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mssqueaky
<Content>Great location, wonderful staff Spent 5 nights at the Hotel Casci in mid-June. PierPaolo and Paolo were extremely helpful in arranging reservations for the Uffizi and Accademia museums, as well as recommeding other sightseeing attractions once we arrived. Breakfast was more than adequate, and the room was spotless. This is a small, family run operation, and the staff/family made my boyfriend and I feel right at home. Bravo!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sea_Brze
<Content>A quiet, cool haven My daughter and I stayed at the Hotel Casci from June 24 through June 27, 2006. Florence was very hot and humid during our stay. Tourists (like us) crowded all the main sights. Luckily, our hotel room offered a cool, quite respite from this. We usually had an early breakfast, went out sight seeing, and returned for a couple of hours rest in the mid-afternoon. Though the hotel is located off a busy street, our room faced a quite back alley. We had no problems with noise from either outside or other rooms. While the room had no view, I was glad to trade the quiet for the view we had of a picturesque square at our prior hotel in Zurich, which was unfortunately very loud at night. For reasons unclear to me, the Hotel Casci common areas were kept uncomffortably warm during the day, but we were allowed to keep our room as cool as we liked. The mini fridge was also nice, to keep cool the chocolates we'd bought in Zurich and leftovers from restaurants. The room had a little alcove between the bedroom and the bathroom, which my daughter converted to a computer room. She'd brought her laptop and really enjoyed the wireless internet connection service, as she could regularly email family and friends, and send pictures of our daily adventures.The hotel's location is very central, and we reached all the sights we visted by walking. The room was kept clean, and the bathroom was large, newly equipped and spotless. The breakfasts, though not full service as you might get at a restaurant or bed and breakfast, were fine for us, as we typically eat light breakfasts anyway. The staff were generally helpful and friendly. The hotel is not a luxury resort, but gives reasonable value for the prices charged. I would stay here again, and happily recommend Hotel Casci for those seeking a quiet respite during a busy stay in Florence.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beacon732003
<Content>loved the Hotel Casci My partner and I had just returned from Italy. We stayed at the Hotel Casci for 3 nights whilst in Florence.As with the other reviewers, we have nothing but good words on our Casci Experience!!! The room we had was a good size, and most importantly, it was very clean. The attached bath worked well. Breakfast was nothing to shout about, I must admit, but it provided a good start to each day. I especially enjoyed the cappucino!!Location of the hotel was very good. It was within walking distance of everywhere!!! Florence city is not that big, and every attraction is basically within walking distance, but what I liked was that Hotel Casci, though near most attractions, was in a quieter part of the city, and not smack in the middle where there are lots of crowds. What made the Hotel Casci stand out was definitely the staff!!! Each and every member of the staff was friendly and helpful. No request was beyond any of them. It was just unbelievable!! They also have a shelf full of guidebooks that they gladly loaned to us each day. In our travels so far, we have not come across a hotel where every member of staff was friendly, helpful and obliging. Hotel Casci definitely has our high recommendation to anyone looking for a great stay in Florence in a clean, comfortable and safe boutique hotel.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reception staff was helpful The morning we left the Hotel Casci, the gentleman at the front desk was extremely helpful in assisting us with arrangements to pick up our rental car and drive to our next destination. He even suggested a quick (and lovely) stopover for our way out of town.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jacopone
<Content>Perfect! I have been in this hotel for the first time almost 7 years ago and I was back twice this year. It is a lovely hotel, small, clean and quiet. The staff is extremely kind and available. Its location is perfect for visting Florence (you do not even need to use buses or taxy) and for anyone arriving in Florence by train or airplane.Just perfect!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel This was a great hotel- great walking distance to everything, and the hotel staff were very helpful and courteous! Clean rooms, nice breakfast in the morning. Perfect for me and my husband during our stay!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>World's best hotel Just returned from Italy, and the Hotel Casci in Florence is the best hotel I have ever experienced. The Lombardi family, Paolo, Carla, are so kind and thoughtful; making it very easy to learn FLorence and have the best possible traveling experience. The rooms are lovely and immaculate, perfectly air conditioned, and the location couldn't be better, easy walking distance to every major site, and right in the middle of the center of the city, only a few blocks to the Duomo, and less to the Palazzo Medici. Breakfast is fantastic, too. Very reasonably priced for superb hospitality, comfortable elegant surroundings. Great for couples, families, small groups and single travellers as well. I'd go back tomorrow if I could!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We were two couples and stayed at the Hotel Casci May 20 thru May 22,2006. It is centrally located, Near everything. The staff is fabulous. We thought we were family. The rooms were spacious, very clean and comfortable. The high ceilings were fantastic. This hotel was very quiet and secure. Yes it is on the second floor, but they have an elevator. They also provided assistance with our luggage. We arrived late in the day, and they were so gracious. Their recommendation for dinner was superb. We went back the next night. This is a wonderful hotel. I would definitely stay there again the next time I am in Florence.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeasonedTraveller9
<Content>This is a SUPERB hotel At this hotel you will get warm and caring service, just as Oak Hill, Virginia, writes. The hotel is centrally located, only a few minutes from the Duomo on foot. Around the corner is the San Lorenzo market and San Lorenzo Church.Hotel Casci is family-run by Carla and Armando Lombardi and their son Paolo, with the able assistance of Pierpaolo. They gave us more help than we have ever been given by a hotel staff, remaining congenial at all times. The staff suggested good restaurants within walking distance and made reservations at the restaurants for us. When we left for the airport, the owner, Carla Lombardi, came out and flagged down a cab for us when she saw that we were still waiting after 10 minutes.The room was great; quiet with a cross breeze. The bathroom was large with a handy cabinet. There was a large tub-shower. The refrigerator was yet another convenience.Breakfast was included in the price of the room. It was personally served, often by Carla Lombardi, in a large room under an original fresco. This could not but start the day off right.They send away laundry in the morning and it comes back that night. The owner took special interest in seeing that all the spots were removed.The staff spoke many languages. We know that their English was fluent. We heard fluent French also. No doubt the other languages are well spoken, too.We cannot say enough good things about Hotel Casci and our treatment by the owners and staff. We highly recommend it to anyone who plans to stay in Florence.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>friendly family run hotel Hotel Casci is situated in the heart of Florence, in walking distance to all attractions.The staff are exceptionally helpful and friendly, nothing was too much trouble for them. Would recommend this hotel to anyone  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cindygold
<Content>Made us Feel Like Family I cannot begin this review without first saying that the Lombardi family and staff made us feel so much like family, you can't imagine. First, let me say that my daughter stayed at Hotel Casci six years ago while she was studying Renaissance Art  Literature for a trimester during her undergrad. When there, she always felt safe and cared after. So, based on her advice, we decided to make this our Florence destination hotel for our first abroad experience. As part of our three+ week holiday throughout Italy and Greece, we wanted to spend our Florence experience there.From the moment we arrived, Pierrepaulo (not sure on this spelling) and the entire Lombardi family, made us feel welcome. I celebrated a birthday while staying there and returned to the room that evening to find that Mrs. Lombardi had chilled a bottle of Prosecco, complete with glasses and snacks, that waited there for my return. All of these things and the pristine (cleanliness being my absolute priority) state of the rooms, still did not compare to how they helped us at the end of our stay.My daughter met us in Venice and spent a week with us, ending her part of the trip in Florence. On that Saturday of her departure for home and ours for Siena and the Tuscan countryside, proved anything but predictable. My husband accompanied our daughter to the airport that morning in Florence, only to find that her flight to Paris had been cancelled. Before leaving the airport, he felt reasonably comfortable with her leaving since the flight had been rescheduled. He returned to Casci, we said our good-byes to the family and staff of the hotel, and left for our next destination. When we arrived at the b  b where we stayed south of Siena, we were advised that much had occurred that day.Our daughter's rescheduled flight was cancelled and she was told that her best chance of getting out of Florence was to take a train to Bologna and hope for a flight out the next day. (Avoid Air France like the plague!!!) Our daughter, alone and laden with luggage that she thought she had said good-bye to when she checked in at the airport, came back to Casci - not knowing where to go next. Our daughter is a successful corporate attorney, but a wrench in the action like this one can throw anyone for a loop. Mrs. Lombardi of Hotel Casci, met her as she walked through the door and hugged her and helped guide her through the next steps. Although we had already checked-out and their commitment to service to us had technically ended. the family and staff worked hard to call our destination and leave the appropriate messages and then help her in her plans to go on to Bologna.Never mind the amazing breakfast, the attention of the staff to detail, and the pristine environment of the Hotel - not to mention the incredible location - but remember that when you're travelling, the service and attitude of the staff can make or break your trip. We strongly recommend that you stay at Hotel Casci. I can't imagine that ANY OTHER hotel would have given us this love and care after knowing us for only four days. INCREDIBLE. Thank you Lombardi family and staff!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jb+nmo
<Content>A Gem in the Heart of Florence We have travelled quite extensively and this hotel was by far one of the best to date. From the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out, we were made to feel part of the family. The staff went out of their way to make us feel at home.For instance, we let them know that we were honeymooners - minutes later, we were brought a bottle of champagne, glasses and snacks to the room. We were encouraged to eat our breakfast each morning (by far the best that we had at any hotel on our trip), and even if we were on our way out to beat the line ups at major sites, they wanted us to be well fed, and take food for the road.The room was clean. The bathroom and the tub were pristine. No complaints whatsoever from the room standpoint. It was a quiet hotel, minutes from all major sites, restaurants etc... They gave excellent recommendations on a daily basis.Overall, highly recommended. The price was extremely reasonable, the staff were the friendliest on the trip. When we return to Florence, we'll definitely be staying here again. Thanks to all the staff for making our stay so wonderful.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travel52
<Content>Back to Hotel Casci for a 2nd time We stayed at the Hotel Casci in 2003. We returned for a 2nd stay this month. The family run hotel is centrally located, clean and comes with a good breakfast. This, however, was not the only reason we returned to this hotel. The family who owns the hotel, is friendly and goes out of their way to be helpful. While we knew that they didn't really remember us from 3 years previously (computer records are great), they made us feel like they did, and went out of their way to greet us and to say good-bye when we left. They keep renovating the hotel each year, and our room had been clearly updated. Our room (and bathroom) was roomy and newly tiled. Free internet access in the lobby too. A great choice!  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel This is an excellent hotel located in the middle of Florence. This is a family run hotel and the owner and her sons are very helpful and friendly. The rooms are light and airy and are quite large. They provide an excellent breakfast. The hotel is located on the 2nd floor in a building that used to be a monastery - this this is certainly a hotel to be used if you want to be in the centre of things.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfection! I always hesitate to share a tip about such a great hotel with any but close friends and family, in fear that they'll be booked solid the next time I'm traveling, but the quality of our stay and the friendliness of the staff at the Hotel Casci really press me to do the right thing! This is a fabulous hotel, one of the best I've stayed at in Italy and quite a value for the quality, location and service we received. It's located right in the heart of everywhere you'll want to be--near the Duomo, the Palazzo Medici-Riccardi, the leather market, the Uffizi, etc. The hotel is incredibly clean and comfortable, with spacious, quiet rooms and updated bathrooms. I always felt safe and secure, cradled in care and comfort. The staff/owners are attentive, friendly and speak English. The morning breakfast is incredible, a generous spread of fruits, breads, and cheeses as well as eggs and the ubiquitous coffee. I really can't believe our incredible luck at finding such a wonderful place for such a reasonable price, and highly recommend them for your next stay in Florence.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service, Clean Rooms,  Enjoyed our stay at Hotel Casci - the family staff was friendly and attentive. Too bad on the first night prior to check-in we had to move to another hotel down the block due plumbing problems. Once in, our remaining two nights were very nice. The room was clean and comfortable. The the laundry service was great so was free internet service in the lobby. Walking distance to everything. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Florence, especially for the first time.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Epags
<Content>Great Location  I gave it the highest rating. While it is only rated 2 stars, the location, extreme cleanliness and quality of the staff/owners make it a great buy. My wife fell in love with the air conditioning (personal controls) and the huge tub. The breakfasts are over the top for quality and quantity. Great value considering they are included in the price of the room. NOTE: If you are physically handicapped, make that known to the mangement before booking a room. Some of the rooms are up and down small flights of stairs (two or three) which was no problem for us but might affect others.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stdonatus
<Content>Hotel Casci is very good I stayed at the Hotel Casci for 2 nights, May 2-4. I was very pleased with the hotel. The room was a little small by American standards, but very clean. I had a balcony and a small refrigerator for drinks and snacks. Staff was very friendly and spoke very good English. Good location -- you can walk to just about any sight in Florence that a tourist would want to see. I would recommend the Hotel Casci to visitors to Florence.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Small Hotel Our group of 3 couples spent 3 nights at the Casci and were overjoyed at the welcome and hospitality of the entire Lombardi family. They helped us with dinner reservations in Florence and a hotel reservation in another Italian city.  Breakfast was typical of Italian cuisine, served abundantly and always with a smile. The hotel has wireless internet, so whether you bring your laptop or use the one in the breakfast room to check e-mail, it is very convenient. We especially liked the fact that we could do some siteseeing during the day, walk back to the room for a rest and then walk to a great restaurant for dinner in the evening.  At this time of the year, none of the other hotels we stayed in (10 in all) had their air conditioning working, but the Casci did. My always warm husband especially appreciated that.If we were to return to Florence, we would definitely stay again at the Hotel Casci.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cyndiWestport_Ct_
<Content>This small hotel is cosy, convenient, and friendly My husband, teen-age son and I stayed at the Hotel Casci during a ten day stay in Florence. Our room consisted of one large and one single bed with a desk, chair and updated bathroom. We found the staff extremely friendly, helpful and accomodating. It has a good location by the Duomo and close to the train station. We did two trips to Venice and Cinque Terre and both times they stored our luggage for us. The buffet breakfast was a pleasant surprise serving eggs, toast, rolls, cereal, fruit and sweets. My husband would have perferred the convenience of a bar and resturant but this is a small and simple hotel. We certainly would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xalbguy8
<Content>Personal and caring This hotel offers something very rare today -- warm and caring service. From the moment you check in, the Lombardy family treats you as a personal friend who's come to stay a few days -- providing information on the city, excellent restaurant recommendations, help with tour reservations, etc. -- not just an anonymous source of revenue. They are in the middle of the city, just two blocks from the Duomo and no more than a 10 minute walk from most of the major museums and sites. Our room was spacious for Europe and, while not luxurious, was comfortable and well set up. Free internet access via WiFi throughout the hotel or from a terminal next to the office is a big plus, as is the small bar area where you can get wine, water and soft drinks at very reasonable prices. Their substantial continental breakfast is served in a room with a frescoed ceiling, adding to the sense of history that permeates central Florence.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Find in Florence Reviewer: Michael and Valerie Sullivan, Chelmsford, EnglandDate: 4 nights, 7 - 11 May 2006Wonderful, central location, just 5 minutes walk and you're in front of the Duomo, another 5 minutes in the opposite direction and you're at San Marco and the Academedia. But don't think that means it will be noisy. It has a very calm and peaceful atmosphere - and we're fussy about noise!The hotel is very clean and well looked-after. The breakfasts are very good and all the staff are very friendly without being pushy. They reccommend restaurants, book tickets for you - all you have to do is enjoy this wonderful city.Look no further, we certainly won't when we come again.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel run by a Kind Mother             
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb location  We recently spent three nights at Hotel Casci and loved every minute! This lovely family-run hotel made our visit to Florence so much more special  memorable. The staff are very friendly  helpful, the rooms are super clean, the breakfast is very good (especially the coffee  croissants) and the location is superb! We highly recommed it.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at Hotel Casci earlier this month and can confirm earlier good reviews. Our room was spotless. Good location. Very helpful and friendly. Good breakfast. We'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, friendly family-run hotel Nice family-run hotel in a great location - just a couple blocks from the Duomo, Galleria dell'Accedemia, and close to many other sites (although I do recommend taking a taxi from the train station if you have luggage - cost is only about 8 Euro from the train station to the hotel). The owners and staff are extremely accomodating, offering good advice to restaurants (their recommendation of Za Za's Tratorria was so good we went back our last night), tours and anything else you need to know. They made reservations for us for dinner and a tour and we were happy with each. They take pride in making sure everyone enjoys their stay.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ddbj
<Content>Casci is fabulous Stayed here last week for 5 nights. A great hotel. Very, very clean. Staff are super accomodating. They found tours, bus numbers, restaurants, anything we asked for. We stayed in room 11. Ask for that one because it's one of the best. HUGE bathroom and nice size room. Actually pretty big for Italy. The hotel is close to everything in Florence. It's nice because the hotel has a 1am curfew, so there's no rabble-rousers staying there. The breakfast is large and varied, especially for Europe. Cereals, eggs, fruits, yoghurts and breads. There is a hotel laundry service which is a little expensive (Euro 18 for a small bag) but very fast and efficient. Carla, the owner, is so lovely. Greeted us personally every morning. Made the time to inquire after our days and when we checked out, sought us out to thank us personally. Really nice touch. We would stay here again in a flash.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay! Really, just the perfect little hotel! Located conveniently in Florence, 5 minutes walk north of the Duomo  Basilica and just around the corner from the Accademia, the Hotel Casci offers clean, quiet rooms at a good price with a nice breakfast buffet in the morning, along with free internet access. You can get to everything in Florence within a 15-minute walk. What really distinguishes Hotel Casci, however, is the Lombardi family who manage the hotel. Fluent in several languages, helpful, going out of their way to make you welcome in Firenze and at the hotel, they truly set a standard for excellence. They helped us with a number of requests, everything from a place to go running in the morning to restaurant suggestions (all great!) at night. We would definitely stay there again and recommend it absolutely!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bkwilly
<Content>It's a 10! We had heard good things about hotel Casci but felt compelled to also share our positive experience during Easter week. The staff at this family owned hotel is friendly and helpful and bent over backwards to make sure our stay at their hotel and in Florence was the best it could be. Our room had recently been renovated and had everything we want and more. The bed and bedding were comfortable, reading lights on either side, lots of places to put our suitcases and our stuff. THe room had a large bath with plenty of hot water, European towels on a heated rack. The flat sceen TV was nice too. It was quiet and the temperature great. Hotel Casci is located right in the center of town - just a short walk to the train station and easy to walk everywhere. The hotel owners gave us restaurant recommendations and made reservations for eating and a tour in Tuscany. The breakfast had fresh Capuchinno coffee, real hot chocolate, fresh breads, etc. I can't write enough praise for this place.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not A Problem Any question I had or request I made was--Not A Problem. This hotel was awesome. I enjoyed watching the family assist each other in making all their guests feel welcomed and comfortable.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Uwoodfamily This hotel is an excellent choice not withstanding the excellent value it offers. It was clean, the staff were very helpful and the location was terrific. We had discussions with other guests during our four day stay and everyone noted how pleased they were with their respective accommodations. Free internet use was also very convenient and their breakfast was quite good. Since we needed a larger room for our children, we were very pleased with the adequately sized room and the fact that it was fairly quiet. We would definitely stay at this hotel again and would certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved hotel casci This bed  breakfast in Florence is just a coule of blocks from the center of town. The owners were very helpful in making reservations for us to musuems in town and advising us on accomodations in other cities. They kept our luggage while we checked out and we had no problems upon our return a day and a half later. The breakfasts were good and the rooms were immaculate.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved Casci My husband, teenaged son and I stayed at Hotel Casci in April 2003. The hotel was impressive, the room spacious, the bathroom large and the location was excellent. We were however most impressed with the family who runs the hotel. They were knowledgeable and friendly. My husband and I hope to return to Florence in 2006 or 2007 and hope that there will be room in the inn.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>F0urSisters
<Content>Loved the Hotel Casci My three sisters and I stayed at the Hotel Casci for three days in Florence last week and we loved it. It is an excellent location, breakfast was wonderful and the large room that accomodated all four of us with separate beds was clean and shower wonderful. The service was so very helpful with any questions or taxis and they had a wireless internet service. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>btnusa
<Content>Very nice We spent three nights at Hotel Casci last week. It is a very nice hotel in a great location. The staff are very helpful. The free internet terminal and wi-fi are a plus. If you are looking for an American-type hotel, then stay at a chain. If you want a nice European hotel with charm, then stay at the Casci.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Hotel We loved the Hotel Casci! The staff is outstanding-- accommodating, friendly, helpful, warm--it's just like staying with family. Our room was clean and comfortable, and even though we were facing a busy street, the room featured great windows that blocked out any street noise. You can't beat the location of the hotel, either. Step outside and you're a quick 10 or 15-minute walk anywhere in the city. We'd stay there again in a minute!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>always treated well at Hotel Casci We recently stayed at the Hotel Casci in Florence for the fourth or fifth time. We continue going back there because the staff (a family-owned hotel) is always very kind and helpful. The rooms are clean and the location can't be beat. It is within walking distance of all the sights in Florence. Walt and Sue Herscher  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Hotel Casci is delightful This is second time we stayed at the Casci and it is so deligtful and friendly that we will stay there again on our next trip to Tuscany. The service is superb and personnel are polite, helpful and very friendly.Kurt and Paula MiskaAnn Arbor, Michigan, USA  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>CASCI CASCI is great We loved staying at Casci. It was close to the sights. The staff is super friendy and helpful - just like staying with family. The breakfast buffet was extensive and tasty. They have an incredible collection of travel guides and free internet too. I can't wait to come back to Florence and stay at the Casci  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rinku
<Content>Great Location, room, and people I wish we had more time in Florence to enjoy our stay at the Hotel Casci. The hotel is in a very central location with the Accademia being 2 mins away along with the San Lorenzo flea market, the Uffizi, the Duomo, etc. Our room was big along with our bathroom (a sunken tub)- the only drawback was that we couldn't figure out how to operate the AC which we could have asked the front desk however it was past 1:00 a.m and we didn't want to disturb our hosts. We opened the window and we were comfortable. Our hosts provided us with a great restaurant where we were treated well for a change (see my post on not visiting Italy) and the food was also tasty. If I ever return to Italy, I would definitely return to Florence and Hotel Casci.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely 2 star As a regular hotel stayer through business demands, I wasn't sure this was the hotel for me and my husband, given the pictures on the internet. However the room rate (over 拢100 per night) and the rating and reviews on this site meant I booked a double room for 2 days. The rooms are as pictured on it's own internet site- basic. It is well located, clean and with staff who speak very good english with lots of travel information and free internet access. However, I wasn't happy with my choice. We moved rooms as the first one was small, noisy and dark with a bathroom so small it was difficult to move round, and in 'complaining' we seemed to upset the staff. We felt we were intruding at breakfast and looked at other hotel options. It is difficult to find a good value hotel in Florence but I wouldn't recommend this one. It's been a year and I still feel compelled to write this review and point out is is definitely a 2star despite the rave reviews on this site.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb, friendly hotel This is the first review I have written on TripAdvisor, and I am doing so simply to pass on how good Hotel Casci is. We stayed there for a 3 day break in March. It is very conveniently located - a short walk to the main tourist attractions. The rooms were well equipped and very clean. It was excellent value, particularly when compared to other European city hotels I have stayed in recently. The main reason to stay there though is the friendly family who run it and the excellent service they provide. They made us feel so welcome and were always happy to provide advice and assistance (eg making a restaurant reservation, booking a taxi etc). The free internet access in the reception area was a bonus. I would be very happy to return to Florence and stay in the Hotel Casci again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AA-Platinum
<Content>Low-Cost Gem Although its been several years since I last stayed at the Hotel Casci, it is clear that very little has changed. The location remains wonderful, but so does the staff. Its nice when a small-family hotel is able to maintain its top-tier rating year-in and year-out  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home away from Home I don't think it's possible to write a negative review of the Hotel Casci. The family is so warm and giving, you never want to leave. We felt spoiled. The reception is great, the rooms wonderfully clean, the breakfast an added bonus. I wouldn't want to stay anywhere else in Florence..it's not the Casci. For location, and what you get in return for your money, you won't want to stay anywhere else either.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Florence Hotel This little charmer is a great find. The staff is very accomodating, friendly and they speak great english. The location is great. My room was room 2 which is on the reception floor overlooking the main street. The only slight problem was the street noise if I had the windows open. Otherwise they have great thick windows which if shut block out the sound. The included breakfast is good and overall, for the price, you wont find much better.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A place you would want to come back I came to this site with an intention to share with other travellers this nice hotel, just only to find that other reviews had already filled this hotel up with compliments!I stayed at Hotel Casci for only one night but it is enough to make me so impressed.The two best things to highlight for Hotel Casci are the hospitality and the location. I have never found such a warm hospitality and care from any of European hotels like this place. The Lombardi family treats their guests like their family's guest.. especially at breakfast where the food is not luxury but plentiful and the hotel owner will greet you there with a cup of coffee. The hotel is in a great location, about 200 meters to the Duomo, same for Galleria Academia where Michaelangelo's David is. Also in a walk distance to Central Train Station.The room is very clean and especially the bath room is sapcious and fully equipped. The price is the other thing to praise that this hotel is one of the best value.It is not too much to say that this is one of the best hotel I have ever stayed. I am very much impressed and hope I could go back some days.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bedbug1001
<Content>Great choice Location, location, location! Terrific staff and spotless hotel. One evening a worker was cleaning the legs UNDER the breakfast tables! There's a computer avail. to use during the day with Internet access. Our room #28, in the very back, had a double bed and 3 single beds and lots of space. It was very very quiet also. A terrific shower by European standards also. They aim to please!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ilpostino
<Content>Excellent in every way       Florence from the Duomo  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding hotel and staff My wife and I spent three nights at the Hotel Casci,Via Cavour, 13-50129 in Florence Italy in March, 2006.It was outstanding! The location was ideal for all ofthe major sites in Florence, the room was excellent,the complementary breakfast was very good, but mostimportantly, the staff were so wonderful. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful duringour stay, giving us their time to explain where thingswere and how to get there. They greet you each morning at breakfast and are available throughout theday. The staff at Hotel Casci just made our trip toFlorance so much more enjoyable. I would highlyrecommend this hotel to anyone visiting or planning a visit to Florance and say hello to the staff there for us. Gerald and Janice Jeffords  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gingerholly
<Content>Excellent Value The Lombardi family will pamper you at this perfectly located, spotlessly clean hotel. It is an easy walk from the train station and the location is perfect for seeing the city sights. Excellent buffet breakfast. We had a triple that was quite large and comfortable. The rooms are simply furnished and decorated but you are probably not in Florence to stare at your hotel furnishings. If you will be spending your entire day in your room spend 400 euros per day and go elsewhere. Otherwise, do yourself a favor and stay here. p.s. While in Florence try to dine at Il Latini. Great food and experience.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent 2 star Very welcoming family run hotel. Very clean and well decorated. Great continental breakfast. Personnel always willing to help and very knowledgeable. Very close ( 5 mins walk)to city centre  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeafoodQueen
<Content>Great Little Hotel There's not really much I can add to the previous positive reviews of this great little hotel, except to echo them. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, and really made us feel at home. Even before we arrived we had welcoming emails from them with detailed diretions of how to find the hotel from the railway station. Our room was great, and the bathroom - with separate bath and shower - was far above what we would expect from a 2-star. On our last day we had to leave very early because of flight timings, before breakfast, but the night porter sorted us out with juice, bread and jam and fresh coffee. There were a number of nice restaurants within a few minutes walk - would particularly recommend Zaza. A visit to the nearby food market is also worthwhile. We'd definitely stay here again, and recommend it highly to anyone looking for a friendly, central hotel which doesn't cost a fortune.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything is True Everything you've read about the Hotel Casci is true! From the moment you arrive, you are made to feel welcome and part of the family. The hotel is excellently situated, literally just down the road from the cathedral and 10-15 minutes from the railway station. The rooms are very clean and a good size, and have everything you need, including a flat screen television. The breakfast is very good, with plenty of choice, and you eat in a delightful room. There is a free internet facility. But the best thing about this hotel is the staff, who cannot do enough to help you. On leaving, we were given a free 2007 Tuscany calendar, and bottles of water and orange. If you want to stay in central Florence, look no further.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ldb61
<Content>Enjoyable Family Room , Great location Stayed 3 nights, June 2005 with 2 adults, 11 and 12 year old. As noted on most reviews the family who runs the hotel is extremely helpful and pleasant. I consider my stay there a great lesson in costumer service. I admire how such a small, lower cost hotel can impress so many people. Of course they can't please everyone, but they seem to try. Our quad familyroom was a very comfortable size, as was the more recently remodeled bathroom. The rooms and entire hotel were very clean. Furniture in the room was very simple, reminded me of a college dorm. The air conditioning and small room refrigerator were a great comfort as the weather was humid and hot. Thought breakfast was great (yogurt, fruit, pastry, cereal etc.), kids especially liked the hot chocolate option. All sights were easily within walking distance. The Hotel's street seemed less touristy than many other areas. On the Hotel's street were several interesting shops, our kids enjoyed a large toy store and an interesting coin shop. Around the corner was a small supermarket. The hotel had a very convenient, inexpensive laundry service and they requested no clothes washing in the room. At check- out time guests were given a small calendar with photos of Florence. A final touch to show the hotel's thoughtfulness!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pgca
<Content>Fantastic place The Hotel Casci was a wonderful place to stay. My wife and sons and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The family staff was highly attentive to our needs and assured that everthing was taken care of. It is also well-located just a block and a half from the Duomo in the center of everything! If I return to Florence (and I sure hope I do!), I would definitely want to stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Nice location, great internet communication, and good tour reccomendations. Buffet breakfast had lots to drink and many breads. Felt a bit rushed at times with a goal more towards efficiency verses relaxation however. Nice hotel with competent staff.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Casci Highly Recommended I have just returned from three nights in this hotel with my wife and can completely agree with all the other reviewers except the comments about Paulo I found him to be perfectly helpful as were all the staff the perfect location for a trip to Florence  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kiralou22
<Content>Overall, Good Choice We stayed at Hotel Casci for 5 nights in June 2005. There was breakfast every morning to start us on our day, and a gracious and welcoming staff. Our room was quiet, clean, and had air conditioning that worked.I wish there had been a little more variety in the breakfast, but it probably helps to keep their costs down.My only complaint was that we gave Paolo some laundry to be washed and returned to us the day before we left Florence. Unfortunately, that day was a holiday so the clothes sat waiting to be picked up. The next day, we didn't have to leave until 2pm. The laundry person that they contract with tried to do such a rush job that she brought our clothes back washed but only half dried. Had I known that our clothes would sit there like they did, I would have taken them on my own and washed them or waited until we got to Rome. Paolo kept insisting that all would be fine. While I believe Paolo meant well and was trying to help us, I don't think he was realistic about the time needed to do a large load of clothing. In all fairness, he let us stay in our room later than checkout so we'd be able to repack our luggage in privacy.Overall, the location,price, and quality of the hotel is terrific. I would definitely stay there again and would definitely recommend it to other budget conscious travelers.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Antho909
<Content>Great Hotel What a find the Casci was, from its location to the pleasant rooms to the very friendly and helpful staff. We were looked after and taken care off from when we enterered the hotel to when we left. The breakfast isn't too bad but the location of the hotel is perfect for exploring Florence.The restaurant recommendations from the front desk staff are excellent and saves you the trouble of looking through endless travel guides. A wonderful hotel and a very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Casci-great with one exception In early December I had the great pleasure of staying at the Hotel Casci in Florence, Italy. The hotel is charming, clean, and very well located to all the major tourist attractions in Florence. My stay was exceptional with one small problem. Mr. Paolo Lombardi who works at the front desk was very short, curt, and rude to myself and other guests who had questions regarding the area(i.e. directions, restaurant recommendations, etc.) However, there was one gentlemen in particular who was phenomenal. His name was Pierpaolo Turri. He works at the front desk as well. He was patient,kind, very friendly and helpful. He offered directions, wonderful restaurant recommendations and was highly attentive to every guests needs. I cannot say enough good about him. All in all, I highly recommend the Hotel-just ask to speak with Pierpaolo for any information you may desire.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a bargain The Casci was a great place to stay and see Florence because it is only blocks away from everything. The room was spacious and nicely decorated with copies of some of the treasures from the Uffizi. The family that runs the place went above and beyond to make our stay accomdating (like having our suits pressed and ironed for the opera). I'm glad I used trip advisor to book this hotel and now I see why it got such a high rating. I don't understand why it is only rated a 2 star. It was in a better location, had more spacious rooms, friendlier staff, and more comfortable beds than the 4 star we stayed at in Venice. Only the breakfast was better in the 4 star, but it wasn't too bad here either.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a wonderful jewel! A delightful hotel within walking distance of everything. Spotless, comfortable, and the Lombardy family are wonderful hosts, going above and beyond to make our stay memorable. Cannot immagine better value!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cortez1973
<Content>It's all about location  While travelling through Italy last month my wife  I stayed here for two nights. There's nothing spectacular about what they have, but given the price, location and exemplary service of the staff, it's well worth the money.We had come from Milan, where we splurged for a night (using AmEx points) at the EUR 800/night Park Hyatt. This isn't the Park Hyatt -- the rooms are smallish (as would be expected) and the decor is a bit dated, though it's exceptionally clean. The bathroom had clearly been remodeled recently, though we had a hard time opening the windows. Breakfast was continental-plus -- eggs, several types of pastries, cereals, fruit, etc., good cappuccino and espresso. The big thing with staying here, though, is that you're one block from the Duomo, maybe five blocks from the train station, and a short pleasant 10-minute walk to the Uffizi. And the staff are great, easy-going, responded to everything we asked (which was a lot) and more. They made our Uffizi reservations before we had arrived, and had several very good suggestions for dinner. We also found the laundry service to be well worth it, with our clothes coming out cleaner than they ever did at home. I'd highly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Vabeachjack
<Content>Casci I have been meaning to do this for a while and this morning decided to thank the staff of the Casci and all of Italy. We spent a few days in Venice and a few days in Sorrento and then a week in Florence. What a wonderful time we had. Not only is Florence a fascinating city it is a perfect location for visiting Tuscany with day trips. The Italian people are friendly, accommodating and the food if it hadn't been for all the walking I would have gained 20 lbs. We arrived at the Casci in the late afternoon on Friday, I told my wife I was going for a brief walk. When I returned I told her I could not believe how alive Florence was, electric.The Hotel Casci was very nice, the staff is friendly and very helpful with travel advice, site seeing and restaurant reservations. Also and probably most important it was very clean. I had heard getting laundry done in Italy was expensive. I found it to be very reasonable at the Casci and fast. The laundry was turned in one morning and it was delivered to my room by early afternoon the next day. What service!!! I had heard it was difficult to get a quiet hotel room in Florence, not so at the Casci. The way the rooms are arranged we had no noise from the streets. And the breakfast was I surprised, I did not expect the variety. Very enjoyable.We really miss the evening strolls, dinner and the music on the piazzas. I could just go on and on about the atmosphere of Florence.I would like to once again thank all the Italians we encountered for being so accommodating and friendly. I can only say when you come to the US I hope you are treated as well as we were in Italy. Jack W  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dmgehring
<Content>Wonderful Staff We stayed at the Hotel Casci for 2 days in late November with our six year old daughter. The location is very central and convenient to everything. The rooms are nice and clean, if a bit plain. The owners/staff are the big reason to stay here. Of all the hotels we stayed in during our Italy trip this one was by far the most hospitable. We very much appreciated the kindness shown. We would most definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel for price  We stayed at the Casci at the suggestion of our friends from Seattle. The rooms are somewhat sparse but adequate. The rest of the hotel and friendly staff more than made up for this. Our friends that we had spent the week before with traveling through Umbria had to fly out of Florence before we even arrived at the Casci. We had bought some very nice pottery in Deruta and Gubbio and had asked them to take it and leave it at the Casci so we did not have to carry it around on trains all week. The parcel was in our room when we arrived and all the desk staff wanted to make sure that we had received it safely. Their concern was very nice. We had one other circumstance that the Casci handled extremely well. We flew out of Florence on the very first flight that morning. We really did not want to impose on the staff at this early hour but they insisted on taking care of it and made sure the night porter had a cab there before sunrise and gave us a wake up call. They even offered to have someone make us cappuccinos and a little food, but I told them that was not necessary. Again, for the location, price and hospitality, the Casci was great. We had nicer rooms during our vacation, but if you are like us, some nights you splurge and others you just want a simple, clean room close to the center of it all. I would stay at the Casci again just for the staff and skip the sometimes overrated luxury for a place that made you feel extremely welcome.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hm1
<Content>Nice hotel in the center of town We stayed at the hotel in late November and we enjoyed our stay. Mrs Lombardi at the reception desk spoke English fluently and was very patient. She even helped carry one of our bags to the room which was at the far end of the hotel. The room was big and quiet with a good size bathroom and tub/shower. The kids had a nice cozy nook with two beds. The room was clean and neat with enough storage space. Our room faced a quiet street so we could not hear traffic but we could hear shouting on the street as well as the TV from the next building, late into the night. The hotel is a 10 minute walk to the Train station and easy walking distance to the sights and shopping. The breakfast was good and had a decent variety. The lady who helped in the breakfast room was not very friendly but I can understand since the dining room is small and and not a lot place to move around.I would stay at this place again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dboywunda
<Content>Clean but sparse My wife and I stayed for just one night. We stayed in room 2, whch is located OUTSIDE of the hotel, and is a room on the second floor, just off the stairwell and immediately to the left of the entrance door to the hotel reception. The room is suited to those with physical disabilities and is so equipped. The furniture is sparse, the bathroom disappointing. There is no tub simply a walk in shower surrounded by a privacy curtain.The window overlooks the main road and the groundfloor entrance to the building. During summer this will probably lead to a noise problem if you want to have the windows left open. When closed, the road noise is inconsequential.Breakfast is of the continental type and all you can eat, but you cannot take food out of the breakfast area! Soft boiled eggs and hard boiled eggs are available (some continental breakfasts in Italy do not include eggs).Now for the plus side.The hotel is well located and makes travel around Florence on foot quite easy. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful. Would we use this hotel again? Probably, but we would insist on a room with a tub!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>buckland
<Content>A little uncomfortable My family and I (3 children under 11 years) stayed for 3 nights. Accommodation was clean and well kept. Location was great, easy walking distance to everything. We did not feel overly relaxed whilst in the hotel, we felt like we were intruding. The reception staff (males) were great, very accommodating, however, the staff at breakfast (2 ladies) were sour and watched everything you did, especially the children. We found bugs in a packet of crackers at breakfast, my husband tried to quitely take them to the kitchen so the other guests would not notice yet my husband was faced with further sour looks.I do not feel that it is a good property to stay if you have children. We would not consider staying there again  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice stay at the Casci This is a very nice hotel near to the centre of Florence. The staff are very friendly, the rooms are clean and the buffet breakfast very niceI would certainly stay here again  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelingTarHeel
<Content>Friendly, helpful staff The best part of Casci is the staff. They were very helpful with recommendations- directions, restaurants, etc. This was our second hotel in Florence, and compared to the first, Casci had a little more of a hostel kind of feel- signs in the bathroom asking you not to clean your laundry in the sink, for example. This was the quietest of all hotels we stayed at, which was nice. The location was great- down the street from the Duomo, street markets, and within walking distance of the train station.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>robndavid
<Content>Small but okay for short stays Our room was small, verging on tiny. Okay for short stay (we did 4 nights). If you plan to stay a week or longer, request a larger room for increased comfort. We had to close the closet door in order to open the bathroom door. Bar fridge in room, but not stocked. There is a bar in the foyer so you can get a beer when you like. Serviced daily with a friendly staff. Located in the heart of Firenze - access to the Uffizi, the Accademia, Ponte Vecchio and other attractions within 5 to 10 minute stroll. Close to the train station - 15 minute walk. Minutes from the leather markets and great shopping. Daily breakfast that included fresh boiled eggs - lovely treat. Would be happy to stay there again, but would request larger room next time.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, very friendly people We just stayed there last week, and we enjoyed it. It is a fairly basic hotel in an excellent location. We were within walking distance to all major tourist points, but it was still quiet. It was also very clean.Best thing was how friendly the people were - they could not have been nicer. They recommended a restaurant (which was very good and reasonably priced). The breakfast was simple with limited choice, but there was as much as you wanted. I would certainly consider staying here again if we visit Florence.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fine Hotel Hotel Casci enhanced my visit to Florence. The owners were consistently helpful and friendly. The Casci location is so centrally situated that everything in the city is within walking distance. I look forward to returning to Florence and will definitely stay at Hotel Casci when I do.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Great Service The picture you get of Hotel Casci from these reviews is accurate. We just stayed there last week, and we enjoyed it very much. It is not glamorous or luxurious, but it is a great little hotel in a superb location. Walking distance to everything. Wonderful service by kind and friendly hotel owners. We stayed in Room 11, which was plenty big, and had a GREAT bathroom with a TUB. Trust me, you will be so glad to get in that tub after walking all over Florence. I suggest you pick up a bottle of wine and bring it in the tub with you! The decor is not fancy, and could actually use a little sprucing up, but everything was spotlessly clean and in perfect order. The hotel helped us prior to our stay via email. helping us navigate our trip and sort out details. They were even more helpful once we arrived, arranging a wine tasting tour (which was SO FUN!), recommending restaurants and making all of our arrangements. You will not find better service anywhere, and the price is excellent. Pay cash for a discounted rate.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Keshet
<Content>Nice Hotel We enjoyed staying at the Casci, the family room was a good size for four and had a bathtub, and the kids especially felt very comfortable here. The people who run this hotel are genuinely lovely, and were happy to help us with booking a car, etc. On the day we left (very early morning) they organised for the night porter to make us breakfast. Good location, an easy walk to everywhere. Downside: no view from the window, just a tiny tiny courtyard.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cadybugtours
<Content>A Palace fit for a King/Queen       A copy of the David  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lateralus_59
<Content>No hesitation recommending the Casci We made our 3-night reservation direct with the hotel, based on the Tripadvisor ratings. The hotel is located on the second floor and accessible by a small lift, or a (not too steep) staircase. The staff were very welcoming and extremely helpful. They were even able to arrange a late reservation for us at the Uffizi, even though the museum web page said that none was available. The bedroom was clean and comfortable, the bathroom was clean and well appointed and had a (small) bath! Breakfast was good (for the continent). Best of all was the hotel location; only 5 minutes walk from the Duomo and the Academy, and only 3 minutes from San Lorenzo. I have no hesitation recommending the Casci and hope to stay there again when we next visit Florence.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MMHouston
<Content>Excellent place to stay in Florence The personnel were very friendly and helpful by suggesting restaurants and making reservations at museums. They went out of their way to make us welcome. The location was excellent, within easy walking distance of the train station, museums, and the market. We stayed at this hotel based on other reviews from Tripadvisor.com, and they were accurate as well as useful.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BluemoonSanFrancisco
<Content>Good location and friendly service We stayed here on the last leg of our trip in Italy on our way home. We were exhausted and sick and tired of feeling like nuisances. Here at Casci we felt more relaxed. The service was friendly and everyone spoke English fluently which was a nice change. The breakfast was good for a day of touring (hard or soft boiled eggs, cereals, pastries) and our hostess was often offering a second cappucino. The rooms are quite basic but comfortable and the bed was the softest in our travels. Our room fridge was not a mini bar but going to the front to get a few bottles of water was no big deal. The room had a nice tub and we were towards the back of the hotel so there was no street noise. We stayed around the same time as the reviewer who mentioned the noise of the water. We actually lost our water completely and couldn't bathe before we left that day. It was good to see the response from management to the last reviewer that something was wrong with the water system because it was a bit inconvenient. Overall we were too tired to go to the front to complain about it and assumed that they were doing their best to get it back on (they probably should have said something to us and the other guests as we left that day). Access to the Internet was great too as we needed to make some last minute flight changes. The location is great for Uffuzi and the Duomo. I would recommend Casci.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely family-run hotel The Hotel Casci was a great place to stay for our five days in Florence, close to transportastion for day trips, and to all of the major attractions in the downtown area. Their small size allowed the staff to cater to each guests individual needs and the free internet service was a nice bonus. The rooms were the typically european small but efficient size, but the bathroom and shower were more than adequate in size and in good condition. All of the staff spoke fluent English so they were able to give excellent advice and directions. I will reccommend this hotel to all of my friends and coworkers. Contact the hotel directly for reservations and save some money by avoiding booking agency fees.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JAFA
<Content>It's All True! We stayed here just one night during a week-long stay in the Chianti area, and the member raves are quite well deserved. The hotel is extremely well situated; the owners/staff could not have been nicer or more patient and accommodating; the rooms were immaculate, and ours was of quite decent size. We didn't take the breakfast, but heard from our friends that it was lovely.We would absolutely recommend Hotel Casci to all of our family and friends traveling to Florence, and we hope to come back soon ourselves.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lalalady
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Casci was a wonderful addition to our trip. Paolo was so incredibly hospitable and helpful. The location is fantastic! I would stay here again and again. The rooms were clean and spacious (we had one with a tub!). The breakfast was hearty. Free internet service was such a plus. Plus we got our laundry done the same day! You can't go wrong staying here!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HappyNomads
<Content>Location, Location, Location Have to agree with the previous reviews in that this hotel is well-located, clean and has an excellent staff. The breakfast included coffee, hard-boiled eggs, breads/rolls, cereal and yogurt. There is a computer in the lobby with free, high-speed internet access. There is a well-stocked travel library as well. The staff was quite helpful with all sorts of arrangements. Our room was simple, clean  spacious for Europe, as was the bathroom. Unfortunately, our room overlooked a dreary courtyard, which must have contained much of the plumbing - every toilet flush (from not just our own room) was associated with loud plumbing-type whooshing noises throughout the night. I managed to sleep through it, but my wife was not so lucky. We were in the back of the hotel, and it appeared that some rooms at the very front may overlook a nicer, more residential courtyard.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>laurieSue
<Content>Location and Friendliness were over the top!!       our room  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Susieqboy
<Content>Great value in a good location       hotel lobby area  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sammamishtraveler
<Content>Fantastic Location  The location was amazing, the room was incredibly clean - the cleanest we saw anywhere in Europe! The staff was superb! The were friendly and very helpful!!! It was a little difficult at first to find but the area was amazing. The free internet was an added bonus. So were the other guests! The rooms were quite small but immaculate. I would never stay anywhere else when I go back. Everything you could want was within walking distance and there was someone to come and pick up your car. If you want to lounge all day in the room - stay somewhere else but if you want to sight see and have the kindest, friendliest, cleanest place in Florence .... definitely stay here!!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fullmoon
<Content>Well Done We stayed at the Hotel Casci for 3 nights in July, 2005, based on reviews in Travel Advisor. The hotel was exactly as advertised - this family-run hotel is located in the centre of Florence - short walks from all the major sites. The room was spotless and the front desk very attentive and helpful. The breakfast was excellent. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mabards
<Content>A Wonderful Small Hotel in the Heart of Florence After spending three nights at the family run Hotel Casci I would love to return to Florence and to stay at the Casci again. It is a small meticulously clean hotel with lots of charm and extremely friendly and helpful owners. After taking the night train to Florence from Paris, and the easy walk from the train station, meeting Paulo was the perfect start to our stay in Florence. We left our bags in the reception area in the morning, and we returned in the afternoon just as our bags were being put in our rooms, which were a very comfortable size and very clean. The breakfast provided was not exceptional, but very adequate and the frescoed ceiling in the dining area offered such a beautiful place to start your day. Paulo was very helpful in setting up a tour for a day in Tuscany for us as well as helping make dinner reservations. If you are heading to Paris or Rome from Florence and like Hotel Casci, you may want to consider looking at Residence Foch in Paris or Hotel S. Anna in Rome. All three of these hotels were similiar in their small at home feeling with the staff fluent in English and eager to help to make your stay in their city an enjoyable one.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We love the Hotel Casci and it's gracious hosts My wife and I spent 6 nights at the Hotel in July. We found the hotel to be spotless, the rooms to be well kept, and the location to be convenient to all major attractions. The Fodor's description of functional is perfect. I personally appreciated the fridge and A/C. We stumbled on the hotel by reviewing Trip Advisor and were not disappointed in our choice. The price was right and the service from the Lombardi family was exceptional. This bargain hotel is an excellent value for the price.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>windriverfamily
<Content>Nice hosts, great location We felt lucky to get reservations at the Hotel Casci in late June'05. Great location, many areas of interest within walking distance. As is our custom, we had bought a 3 day bus pass, and, due to the Casci's location, ended up using it just once! The airconditioning and small refrigerator was very welcome as Florence was very hot during our stay. The airconditioning unfortunately broke on our second night, and our quiet room became as loud as a rock concert when we opened our street-side windows. Our hostess (Donna?), pictured in another review's pix, couldn't have been nicer, bringing us fans and apologizing for the inconvience. Upon checkout, they volunteered to deduct 20E from our bill! We were travelling with my 12-year-old, and the hosts treated him with respect and consideration. Overall, we loved the Casci family and would like to have them as our neighbors...  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>msubulldog25
<Content>A good value        Casci - Breakfast Room  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>psa
<Content>Loved Casci Hotel Casci was recommended by many personal friends as well as many reviewers on this site and with good reason. The staff at Casci is wonderful, helpful, and attentive to each guest. They make you feel at home from the minute you check in to the moment you check out. Their recommendations for restaurants and sightseeing were extremely valuable. The breakfast room and breakfast were delightful. There is a small lobby with good internet service. The rooms were very clean and comfortable and of a good size. The airconditioning worked well. The location was great. There is no reason to look any further for a hotel in Florence. You have found it here at Hotel Casci.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mariia
<Content>Friendly service My husband and I stayed at Casci for 2 nights. The hotel has very convenient location, but I have to admit that it takes more than 10 mins to walk there from railway station (ref. the website).The room was very, very clean and had the best shower (= big enough, at Casci there is a bath/shower, other hotels had just tiny shower corner) out of three hotels where we stayed during our Italy trip.I really liked that they had one PC with Internet connection for the guests (free of charge), I wish all hotels would be so thoughtful.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Btiger
<Content>Great Location; Great Staff; Great Hospitality The Casci, while somewhat generic relative to the rooms, is superior when it comes to the service that you will receive from the family and staff. They could not have been nicer and even prepared a breakfast for us since we were departing at 5:45AM. Also they do not gouge their guests for drinks from their bar when you return to the hotel hot and tired; they are the best drink prices you will find in Florence; or Italy for that matter. A family feel with hospitality that makes you feel right at home.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cnc
<Content>Wonderful Stay! We've just returned from 2 weeks in Italy. We spent 1 of our nights at Hotel Casci. I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor before choosing the hotel...everything good said was true!!!! Location was great, the lift was a welcome sight, the family that runs the hotel was delightful, our room was spotless (the tub almost made me cry because I couldn't wait to soak in it after sightseeing all day!), having the internet available was nice, being able to buy water and other drinks in the lobby was helpful, breakfast in the morning was great! When we return to Florence we will stay there and will tell everyone we know to stay there!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It would be difficult to find a better price/quality combo The owners provide personalized service and assistance. Location is within walking distance of tourist attractions as well as strolls across the river and the train/bus station. Right next to tourist bureau. Room was small (but not by European standards) but very clean and well maintained. Breakfast is more of a continental style - coffee, bread, eggs and cereal - not a large buffet. Family atmosphere with an area to enjoy wine or coffee any time of the day or evening until midnight. Quiet and relaxing.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TNexplorer
<Content>Great location, great service Our family group, with ages 7 to 74, had 3 rooms for 3 nights in early June. The staff is great, very helpful, and gave excellent suggestions for meals and activities. They willingly made reservations for the 7 of us, very helpful for busy dinner hours. Rooms were clean and well appointed, with a good selection at breakfast. When part of our group needed to leave before regular breakfast hours, they prepared the buffet early. Extremely convenient location. The only hotel of 3 we stayed in with an elevator from the building entrance to the hotel main floor. We would definitely use again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dondaroo
<Content>Hotel Casci Earned a Good Review We were in Italy for 12 days and stayed at 5 hotels. We really liked Casci. We were looking for a hotel that offered a great location, was clean and would help us stretch our hotel budget. Casci met all our needs.Don't expect anything fancy. But you can count on an exceptionally friendly staff, a good breakfast in a comfortable and welcoming breakfast room (I particularly loved their coffee machine - push one button and it ground the beans and made a cup of cappucino, my way to start the day!), a comfortable bed and SUPER CLEAN room. It was squeaky it was so clean. As with many small hotels in old buildings, Casci is a little noisy. You don't hear other people or even the street but the plumbing from other rooms was loud at times. Not bothersome enough to detract from the positives.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and value My wife and I spent 3 nights at the Hotel Casci in early June. The hotel was very clean and relatively quiet (our room overlooked Via Cavour - a major street, but due to the double pane windows, we heard very little noise). The breakfasts were fine and it was nice that their breakfast room actually had enough room that you could sit down and enjoy breakfast w/o having someone stalking for your table. The service was great, and the entire family is very friendly and helpful, with perfect English (you'll have no problem calling for directions or reservations).We also took their recommendation for the Chianti bus tour - and were pleasantly surprised. The trip was 1/2 a day and went to Castelo Trebbio which was very a interesting tour and produces a pretty solid Chianti.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JudyHauger
<Content>Perfect! We just returned from Italy June 5, 2005 and spent 4 nights at the Hotel Casci in Florence. Wonderful! 15 minute walk from the train station on a street well located for walking to all the major sites. Quiet, tastefully decorated hotel with extremely friendly owners. Paulo arranged a full day tour into Tuscany and we loved every minute of it. You can't go wrong here.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good but not for Honeymooners Stayed at Casci for 3 nights as part of our European honeymoon. It's a 10-minute walk from the train station and fairly easy to find once you find Via Cavour which is a major street. The hotel was a very typical 2 star Italian family-run hotel. The rooms were basic but very, very clean. The service was excellent and all staff spoke perfect English. If you're on your honeymoon and expecting something more I'd look for a little more luxurious 3 or 4 star hotel. If you want a very clean, basic hotel in a great location with excellent service this would be a great choice. The breakfast was a very good continental and their recommendation for dinner were very good. A couple of tips for Florence: reserve for the Uiffizi and Accademia galeries ahead of time (I called the central museum reservation line a month before our visit and had no problems). If not, you wil be waiting in line for at least an hour!! Also, the Boboli Gardens is highly recommended as it is a beautiful escape from the throngs of tourists and tour groups that descend upon Florence.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Every Time I Return To Florence I Stay at the Hotel Casci I recently returned to Florence for a visit and stayed with the Lombarid family at the Hotel Casci for the third straight visit. In brief, the Hotel Casci is a comfortable and perfectly situated family run hotel right in the heart of Florence's main attractions. Part of the hotel's appeal is that it is not overly fancy or large, but rather friendly, laid back and very well run. The Lombardi family really care about their guests and go out of their way to make first time and repeat customers happy and taken care of. Small conveniences like free Internet make a stay at the Casci feel like home. I was greeted on my second visit by a complimentary bottle of wine and note welcoming me back. The value of the Hotel Casci is exceptional.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlmdjd
<Content>Wonderful hosts This hotel is very close to the major sites in Florence. It was up two flights of stairs but there is a lift. The owners were extremely friendly  helpful. They seemed to sincerely want to make our stay the best they could, including personally taking us to our room and explaining things. They gave us a city map  got us oriented. Our room was nice but no view. Bathroom was pretty and bigger than most. One negative was that the towels were not terry. They were huge but not very absorbent. Free internet in the lobby was wonderful. Very good breakfast. At checkout, they gave us a free Florency/Tuscany calendar as a gift  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JoeBlizza
<Content>Just what we needed It is hard for me to believe that these people could treat their own family better than they treat their guests. We felt like their most important guests even though we certainly were not. If any business is looking to be truly service-oriented, they could take some lessons from the Hotel Casci. If you anticipate needing lots of help for Florence, this is definitely the place for you.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely and friendly We stayed here for 3 nights in April. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was large and big enough for the 3 of us. Beds were very comfortable. The free internet was very handy as we weren't comfortable about using internet cafes. The bathroom was very nice. Everything was extremely clean. Breakfast was also very good, a lot of variety. The hotel was located in a great area, and our room was very quiet. It is close to the markets, many restaurants and within walking distance of all the sights. We will definitely stay at this hotel next time we go to Florence.  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hoofield
<Content>A Great Little Hotel in the very heart of Florence A little difficult to find - Hotel Casci is identified only by a small brass plaque on the wall - but you'd be lucky top find a more friendly or more agreeable place to stay. Don't be put off by the fact that the hotel occupies only one floor of the building (which used to be the home of Rossini by the way), just tootle up in the lift and then make yourself at home. The family were friendly and helpful, the valet parking worked fine, breakfast was excellent, and best of all you step outside and there, a block down the road is the Duomo. As we were leaving I mentioned that we were off to Garda to celebrate my wife's birthday. Nothing would do but that we then had to accept a bottle of bubbly, a gift from the hotel, to help celebrate the occasion. Well done Casci. Hope to be back.John  Sue I  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>h2ofall2
<Content>Nice place Typical small italian hotel, but the staff more then made up for any deficiencies, internet access was good, close to the Duomo, and the staff went all out to assist with everything that we needed help with  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmason5727
<Content>Perfect Location Sorry I haven't written since my visit. This has been my first chance to write. From what I remember, this hotel was just right. It is conveniently located to the tourist sites. The serveice was excellent. They recommended one of the best restaurants I have ever eaten at. The breakfast was fine. They also helped us with our budget by placing us in a family room instead of 2 rooms. You will not go wrong with this place.Hope this helps.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DHGM90265
<Content>Everything written already is true! The family that runs the hotel- FABULOUS!!!!!!! The best in the business!Will help with anything and everything! The location- can't be beat!!!!!! Having the internet service in the lobby- a real bonus!Breakfast- the best we had while in Italy! Being heavy coffee drinkers, loved the coffee machine!!!Another bonus - the large family rooms for four or five people. Thank you!  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MLWPaisley_Scotland
<Content>Great stay at the Casci. We booked this hotel after reading your reviews and we were not disappointed. This is truly an excellent hotel and the family who run it are charming.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rljaust
<Content>Hotel Casci.... the place to stay in central Florence. The Hotel Casci is located at 13 Via Cavour. That means it is genuinely within 5 minutes walk from the Duomo (Cathedral). It is operated by the Lombardi family, who are multi-lingual, super co-operative. They have the cleanest room  the finest linen I have ever seen after 55 years of travelling world wide. I thought their bath towels were new !! I had a severe nose-bleed  Mrs Lombardi assured me not to worry  she had the towels specially laundered at no cost to me. The en-suite looked as though it had just been renovated.Although Via Cavour is a main road with enormous busses taking you all over the city, we asked for a quiet room....  we did not hear any traffic whatever. I suggest you do the same because I have seen a few complaints that the front rooms were noisy. We were placed overlooking the small courtyard  it was perfect.We only had our breakfasts there,  being February we were concerned about cold meals. Not so. Hot food was available in unlimited quantities in a buffet style. Tea, fresh ground coffee,  fruit juice was also available.The fresco in the dining room is a delight.....  so was the service.The hotel is on the second floor with an almost indistinguishable street entrance. But from the time you step out of the lift into their reception you are in another world. We walked past the street entrance without identifying it on our first occasion. It was previously occupied by the famous composer Rossini in another life time  common with most inner city Italian stately homes it was a bit of what we Aussie's would call a rabbit warren... but you soon get the hang of the layout.Before retirement I used to stay in the Hilton chain worldwide ( other 5 star hotels.) This is not 5 star  does not pretend to be.... but I would rate the service, food  the room standard at least 6-7 star. Nothing is too much trouble for the Lombardi family. We had advised them that after arriving in Rome airport at 6am we would get the express train direct to Florence  expected to arrive about 10.30 am. Our room was ready for us to shower  freshen up after 27 hours since we left Melbourne. Normally rooms are not ready before early afternoon. We did not know the Lombardi family at that stage but by the time we had to leave we hated saying goodbye. We stayed 5 nights so we tested their patience because at 76 I had some special needs. They immediately provided everything I needed. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone staying in Florence.... because when next I am in Florence I will certainly stay there again. At 90 Euros twin-share a night we could not have had better value.I am writing in such glowing terms because I believe I am being objective. I believe I am giving information that most first-time tourists to Florence would be looking for. This is the first time I have ever written a commendation but I felt that this is the only way I could say thank you for a wonderful week..... to a wonderful family.Ray Jones, Melbourne, Australia.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tisco
<Content>Family Friendly We stayed in Florence for a week with our 16-month-old son. The proprietors and staff were very friendly and attentive to the special needs that a baby brings. The room was simple, functional, quiet, and quite adequate for our needs. The portable baby crib (cot) was nicer than any similar item I've seen in the U.S. I was pleasantly surprised by the healthy and hearty breakfast that was served to us each morning; although Rick Steves had warned us that Italian hotels tend to skimp on breakfast, that is certainly not so here. The Internet access in the lobby was very convenient. In summary, we really felt like our family was being taken care of by their family. We would definitely stay here again if we ever return to Florence.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cls4
<Content>Excellent service I spent a week at the Hotel Casci March 7-13, 2005. I have stayed at this hotel before, and it lived up my last impression of it, which was great. It is in an excellent location in Florence, very close to the Duomo and other attractions like the Uffizzi, Academia, Piazza della Signoria, etc.. The family who runs this hotel makes sure that you are as comfortable as possible, and always makes you feel right at home. The rooms are very quiet and adequate from a space perspective. The breakfast is good. Everyone who works at the front desk is very friendly. It is a big plus that they have a computer that you can use to get on the Internet, send/receive e-mails, etc. I highly recommend this hotel to those staying in Florence.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Youngblood
<Content>Perfect Stay here. The location is great. Right down the street from the Duomo. The staff is wonderful. You won't find a nicer staff. The rooms are small, but not too small. We were there for part of our honeymoon. When we arrived there was a complimentary bottle of champagne, glasses and a sweet congratulatory card. Breakfast was good...standard Italian choices. The rooms were cleaned well every day. The bathroom was large enough. The price was right and you can get a discount if you pay in cash. We will definitely stay here again when visiting this great city.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the very best inns I've ever been to.... I can only add to the glowing reviews this hotel has already garnered. My wife and I spent 3 days in Florence in March 2005. Upon our arrival, an unexpected pipe problem left our room without water. Rather than let us stay and be inconvenienced, the owners arranged for a transfer to another room in a hotel 2 doors down for one night. They were very apologetic, and upon our return the next day, they provided a bottle of wine for the trouble!Our room was very clean, very quiet, and very comfortable. The staff bent over backwards to be friendly and accomodating. These points alone make this a good place to stay. Breakfast is in a beautiful frescoed room, and perfectly adequate, despite the machine-made cappuccino. The hotel is located 150 yards from the Duomo - THE main attraction in town, and 150 yards in the other direction from the Accademia and THE David. The train station is 10 minute walk away.We've stayed in many places, and have experienced many hotels and inns. This one I recommend hands down without any doubts - I will not bother to look for any other place to stay upon my return to Florence.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kudos to the Lombardi's When we look back on our first trip to Italy in late February, the Lombardi family's hospitality is one of the highlights of our trip. When a train confusion prevented us from arriving the first night of our reservations, we had to go ahead and pay for the room (understandably), but when we arrived early the next morning, they held breakfast over late to accommodate us. The rooms were simple, but immaculately clean. We paid 130 euros for our triple room, but it was discounted to 115 for a cash payment. The Lombardi family was extremely gracious. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>4foodies
<Content>Very happy to recommend this hotel! We just returned from a 6 night stay in Florence visiting our son who is spending the semester there. We selected the Casci based on TripAdvisor reviews and are happy to report everything was as described, so much so that our other son and a friend followed us there the next week and spent 4 nights at the Casci as well. Our week was bitter cold, with a lot of snow and rain, yet the hotel was cozy and warm, and the heated towel racks in the bathrooms were such a treat. Interesting for us, this is a 2-star hotel, and hard to locate from the street (although the location is superb); there is no lobby per se, but a completely silent elevator that brings you upstairs to the actual hotel lobby. All the rooms are on that same floor. What we found in Florence was that other 2 and 3 star hotels were also located on the 2nd or 3rd floors, but without an elevator up from the street level. The staff is over-the-top fantastic, friendly, and enthusiastically helpful with tour advice (rental car, day trip recommendations, directions). In our case they cheerfully functioned as central command for all the phone calls, messages and family/friends coordination that our visit entailed. We cannot say enough wonderful things about these folks! The rooms are immaculate and some are larger than what one typically finds; the bathrooms are all newly renovated and there's ample hot water; the housekeeping staff is as friendly as the management and everyone clearly gets along well. Everyone speaks English. Breakfasts were great, with all sorts of fresh goodies, a cup warmer for the coffee/tea cups, and the biggest espresso and capuccino machine I've ever seen outside of Starbucks. With a weak US dollar and high euro prices, the Casci is an absolute find. Thank you, TripAdvisor reviewers, for turning us on to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>artsnob
<Content>A "Best Bet" in Florence I don't believe you will find a better hotel for the money in Florence! I just got back a couple of weeks ago, and I am getting ready to book this hotel again. It is just a block or so from the Duomo, close to the SMN train station, immaculately clean with a friendly and caring staff that couldn't have been more helpful. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gottman
<Content>Great Location We stayed here March 12th to the 15th and had a wonderful stay. The rooms were clean and comfortable but the shower needed more water pressure. The hotel staff were very helpful, breakfast was good, and the free computer terminal was a plus. The location was the best feature, very close to all of Florence's sights.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service and location! This small hotel is centrally located in Florence to all major attractions. The rooms are average sized, and modestly furnished, but absolutely spotless! You stay here for the service! The Lombardi family couldn't do enough for us! On the last day, we had an early flight (prior to breakfast hours) and they had breakfast waiting for us at the front desk. Breakfast every morning was great as well.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>N6JM
<Content>Interesting Hotel I think what turned my wife on when we arrived after a train ride down from Bolzano was the free internet access. The staff were very friendly and a very nice breakfast was included in the in the price of 120 Euro per night for a 2-night stay, (1 and 2 November). Hard-boiled eggs were provided, but they did have boiling water to cook soft-boiled eggs if desired. You are within walking distance of most of the interesting sites.On check out we needed a taxi and they had one arrive within 2 minutes and was waiting for us downstairs when we went out the door.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly - Great Location The owners of the hotel were extremely friendly and did everything they could to make our stay comfortable. We visited in mid-October and found the room clean, with a refrigerator, safe and the bathroom was large (we had a bathtub that really hit the spot). The hotel is only a couple hundred feet from the Duomo. The breakfast they offered was the best on our four city visit. We paid 155 Euro and they offer a discount if you pay cash. They even gave us a calendar as a token good bye gift. The owners take pride in their place and they deserve this positive review!!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very friendly hotel We have just come back from a four night stay at the Hotel Casci and can thoroughly recommend it. The staff could not be more helpful. we've stayed in places costing twice the rate of this hotel and got nowhere near the standard of service. The location is great (5 mins from Duomo) and our room at the back of the hotel was very quiet. The rooms are small, but very clean and tidy, and have all you need for a short stay including safe and fridge. The staff speak fluent English (and I think French as well) which is very useful when it comes to recommending places to eat and visit. All in all a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel, friendly staff We stayed 3 nights at the Casci in October 2004. This is a nice, basic hotel in a great location, a 10 minute walk from anywhere in the old city (it is a bit trick to find but Paolo will give you directions). Our room was kind of small but very clean and the bath was reasonably sized. The bed was comfortable. The breakfast was OK and there are plenty of places to eat nearby. The hotel staff was extremely helpful and friendly (I believe it's a family affair). There was little exterior noise to speak of although there was some interior noise. This was easily masked by running the air conditioner fan.This hotel is a reasonable choice, reasonably priced, well located with a very friendly staff. We would stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice The hotel is not your standard American place. The rooms are small, the bathrooms smaller. But the location is great, the room was pretty quiet (for the area) and the staff could not have been more helpful. If you are looking for a Hilton, don't try this, but if you are willing to accept smaller rooms, and some interesting quirks, try it for the location and the price.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very kind and helpful Just returned from a 2 week cycling trip to Tuscany and I'd like to say that this hotel was my favorite. Although I was only able to stay with them one night (it is popular) they went out of their way to help me and took extra steps to make my travel easier (and that's saying alot with a bike case in tow). I also stayed at the Hotel d'Lanzi upon arrival into Florence, which was good and had a great location, but I much preferred the experience at Hotel Casci!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrennaBee
<Content>Loved it I stayed at the Casci last year Nov. 2003 for Thanksgiving and it was great. 5 minutes from the Duomo and near the San Lorenzo Market 5 min. which made it great to buy some food  put it in the little mini-bar in the hotel room. The single room was a bit small but if you travel in Europe alone this is standard. The single had small shower TV, hair dryer and minibar. I would certainly stay here again, it's close to everything. The Free Internet makes it easy to check-in at home.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spoonieluv
<Content>Hotel Casci provides an excellent value We stayed at the Hotel Casci in Florence, Italy from September 30 to Oct. 2. Finding the hotel is tricky so if you are driving, be ABSOLUTELY SURE to get directions from them before you go. Don't attempt to use street maps. Driving in Florence is a bit crazy. Paolo greeted us very nicely and showed us our room. We loved the bathtub and how clean it was. We loved the internet computer they had in the lobby to keep in touch with family. The breakfast is a bit skimpy but you can always get a piece of fruit from a market below. Excellent, excellent service from the entire staff in all areas. Overall, we were very satisfied with the hospitality and service we received from this family. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a central location in Florence (5 minutes to Duomo, 10 minutes to Uffizi/Ponte Vecchio).  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Florence We stayed at Hotel Casci for 4 days in August 2003. We loved Florence and our stay at Hotel Casci was really comfortable. It is centrally located within walking distance to the museums, the Duomo and restaurants. The staff was really helpful. The evening staff person went out of his way to assist us with details of the bus and train service to Pisa. Breakfast had the homely touch. Though the furniture was pretty old the cleanliness and neatness in the room made it worth the stay. We most definitely recommend Hotel Casci for your stay in Florence.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoanRockford
<Content>Casci--third time coming I am beginning to plan my tenth trip to Italy. The last two trips I have stayed at the Casci. And I will certainly stay there again.I also have recommended it to two groups of friends. Both groups agreed the Casci is a great place to stay.Location can hardly be topped. The staff is helpful an friendly. The breakfast is very good. The rooms are very clean. And the free Internet access is certainly a plus.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelLadynow
<Content>Perfect quiet location, near to everyhting. Better then family! This hotel rating is off the chart for comfort! Be ready tho feel like you are the long lost loved family member. The welcome is very genuine and carring. It brings tears to my eyes to remember how well my children, husband, and I were treated there. The front desk help is out of this world. They have a large library of tour maps and books just waiting to help you in every way posible. The computer is free to use for the guests.  Due to a miscommunication, (my fault) the young man of casci jumped on his bike and road as fast as he could to catch us at the train station before we left to assure we had our tickets printed off the computer properly. He saved us!!!!! We would have had the wrong computer form printed out.I whitnessed at this hotel a lifestyle of unselfish giving. One young lad behind the counter happily looked away from his Olimpic teams match to help guests. He never looked at the TV until his guests didn't need him anymore. Never gave anyone the feeling that they were interupting anything even though you could see his love for his team.The rooms are VERY CLEAN! The linins were very high quality like a 5 star hotel. My children loved this hotel the way they were loved by the staff at casci.You get far MORE VALUE then you pay for! Memories of true Italian hospitaty. The beds were comfortable. TV good. They poured my wine, answered everyones questions with cheer in his heart. Best hotel experience in my life! And I have stayed many grand places around the world. This is a perfectly cut precious diamond. No rough edges. There was also a sence of protection and privacy. Being a woman and traveling with children I felt assured with the staff at the desk.The rooms include a small fridge but doesn't get cold only cool.The bath tub in our room was huge and special. The towels were so huge and nice I truely want to buy some sets.The only thing you are missing is very rare expensive artwork in the rooms. Its in the hallway. Take a look.My highest recomendation goes to hotel casci.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DCL1969
<Content>Great location! A friend and I stayed here for 6 nights in August 2004 - it was great. The room was small but very clean. The staff was extremely helpful - including letting us borrow a few of their travel books (from a huge collection) for a day trip excursion. The morning breakfast offered a perfect start to each day. The hotel is centrally located - within walking distance to everything and a taxi to the airport was roughly 20Euro. I'd definitely stay here again. They also offer free internet for you to check your email.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OLi.
<Content>Good value, staff  I stayed here with my wife, sister-in-law and mother-in-law for 4 nights.The staff are so helpful suggesting restaurants, trips and places to visit. They even called one restaurant a friend had recommended and reserved a table for us.The location is superb allowing you access to the Duomo and markets a few minutes walk from the front door.The facilities are fairly basic but at the prices and given the location and superb staff you can't go wrong.We changed our reservation details a couple of times and nothing was too much trouble, including emailing me details on local parking arrangments. They helped to make our stay even more fun and memorable. Grazie!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>casci forever, no regrets My sister and her family from France and I with my daughter separately booked with Casci with previous recommendations from Fodors chat room confirmed with Tripadvisor. Place is easy to find, close walk from train station (5-10 minutes depending), safe location, 2 minutes walk to Duomo, close to all else; offers a lot of help, waited on and spoiled during our stay; air conditioned. Very clean, efficient, friendly, knowledgeable. Will stay here again, and again, and have already recommended to several friends and family.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value and position. Nice people. We stayed here with our three kids for three nights. It's perfectly located and has good air-conditioning. The breakfast is a cosy family affair. The room and beds are very comfortable. They are friendly and helpful. They also give good recomendations for places to eat. Really enjoyed I' Toscana restaurant nearby. I'd stay there again. You get a better place here than in expensive and pretentious hotels elsewhere. Don't hesitate.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Abby123
<Content>Tranquility in the midst of bustling Florence The Hotel Casci gets 5 stars for service. I stayed here for two nights with my two children. I was late in re-confirming my reservation which they had told me I needed to do, a month prior (they reminded me with several to go) and so I didn't have the front, sunny room, that they initially had chosen for me. I was placed in a room off a back hall. But they knew my needs and they understood I was with my children and they insisted on moving me closer to the front of the hotel (think Pensione here) the next day. They made this, simply, a carefree move. They were so nice about it. The Casci provides free quick internet access in their front receiving room (they also have a friendly bar there and serve drinks) which proved to be invaluable to us, as we were able to connect with family left back in the states and easily share our travel adventures which we also did with other guests staying at the Hotel. A friendly, quiet, clean spot in the midst of busy, bustling Florence, where your every need will be tended to by a truly efficient staff. Not a bad location either! MAKE SURE YOU SEE THE DAVID, a living breathing piece of marble!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here! The best hotel of our trip! All the staff are very friendly and helpful. The facility is very comfortable and felt like home right away. Sure, the room is small, but unless you need to have a party, it's plenty of space! Good quality hardware and bathroom fixtures. Excellent Air Conditioning! They also have cable TV with a good selection of CNN, ESPN, etc, as well as a free computer terminal in the lobby to check/send emails. Oh, this is a super place, and I'll return!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Flip for the Flippable Toilet My husband and I stayed in the Hotel Casci in April 2004. We could not have been more pleased with the location and helpfulness of the staff. Upon our arrival, we were shown two rooms: one smaller normal room and one larger with a balcony and a bath with a flippable toilet. We decided to go for the bigger room and experiment with the toilet situation. I HIGHLY discourage everyone from following in our footsteps. It was not worth the bigger room or the balcony. The flip-part was fine but the nasty smell of stale airfreshner/sour cleaner filled our bathroom and our bedroom that we were gagging everytime we went in. It was so bad that we go out to restaurants to use the bathroom. We didn't notice the smell when we were shown the room but it really bothered us during our stay. I'd stay here again but I'd request in advance a room with a normal toilet.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mmatsuura
<Content>Will stay there again I liked this place very much. It is not a classy, top-notch hotel, but I was greeted by friendly, yet professional staff with courtesy. Room was very clean and tidy for this type of hotel. Location is perfect, just a few blocks away from Duomo.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning, the Casci does not abide by confirmed reservations!! Word of warning - we had booked with Hotel Casci back in January for our June honeymoon for one night, and had confirmed in late May and received a confirming response from them via email. However, when we arrived they claimed to have had an email problem and had no room for us, despite the email I was holding dated only 2 weeks earlier confirming our room and rate reservation.They quickly saw that I was going to pitch a fit in front of several of their customers and walked us over to Hotel Europa where we were given this gorgeous suite I described above for 5E less than we would have paid for a single room at Hotel Casci. The notion we took away was that because we were only staying one night, they disregarded our reservation and gave our room away to someone staying several nights. We found this extremely dishonest since we had reserved with them so many months in advance and had taken the trouble to confirm less than 2 weeks before our arrival.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very happy with Casci My husband and I stayed at Casci at the end of May for our long awaited honeymoon. Paolo and the staff were the best! The first look to the hotel can be deceiving from the entrance, but please don't let that dicourage you. We were welcomed by a polite staff, who made us feel at home from the beginning. Our room was large for a European hotel. The bathroom was incredible! We even had a huge sunken in tub that I took bath in while listening to the church bells of the Duomo. The room was very clean. They even gave us complimentary bottle of champagne for our honeymoon on arrival. The location could not have been better. We could walk easily to the museums, Duomo, Great restuarants, train station, Pointe Vecchio, Opera, and of coarse great shopping. We felt like we were in the middle of it all. The breakfast was great too. We will highly recommend it to friends visiting Florence.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value and kindness at the Casci My husband, daughter and I just spent two delightful nights at the Casci. The owners and staff are exceptionally gracious and helpful -- they do indeed make you feel like family. We stayed in three star hotels in Rome, Cortona and Venice, and the two star Casci was our favorite of all (vastly superior to our hot, tiny room in Rome). Not luxurious (rather Spartan), but very clean and comfortable (spacious for Italy), excellent bathroom (large tub, powerful shower -- the best of our trip), great air conditioning (it was very hot outside), and nice breakfasts (not gourmet, but filling and nutritious and served with genuine kindness). A terrific value. We can't say enough good things about this wonderful place.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Trip Advisor from Dallas, TX
<Content>Great location, great service! We have just returned from a 3 night stay in Hotel Casci in Florence. We were traveling with our 2 children  our room was very large and had 4 separate beds with a lovely bathroom. This hotel is basic(not plush) but very clean  the staff is extremely helpful. Breakfast was adequate. The location is wonderful; 5 min walk to the Duomo and the Accademia (David). I would certainly stay here again.   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unexpected Surprise! We visited this hotel the first week of June. When we arrived, we were hesitant about what we had booked for ourselves because the entrance into the building that houses the hotel and the lobby itself was nothing spectacular. But we were greeted by a friendly and helpful staff, and were immediately happy with our choice of hotel. My fiance and I were given a large room (5 beds and a huge bathroom), which was a nice change from our previous shoebox in Paris. The location was great, and the breakfast was adequate (although I was always still too full from those great Italian dinners). They also offer free Internet. But, WARNING, this is not a traditional hotel set up, and is simple. So if you are expected plush and ritzy, this is not for you. But if you want a memorable experience, and a chance to meet a real Italian family, this is a great place to stay.   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ciao and thank you for your hospitality ! I just wanted to say how much we appreciated the Lombardi's kindness to me and my family when we stayed at their hotel in April. Their hospitality, helpfulness and graciousness helped us adjust to our new environment. I am still impressed with the languages they all speak so fluently! I will recommend Hotel Casci to anyone I know who would like a great place to stay in Florence.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very helpful hotel This hotel is very centrally located - a 2 min walk from Michelangelo's David and 3 minutes from the Duomo. The only negatives are that they need a bigger sign as it is very easy to walk past the hotel the first time and that the room we had was small. (It also had a folding toilet which can be slightly offputting). However, we discovered that these negatives are far outweighed by the exceptional service, which is 5 star. The owners of this hotel go out of their way to help in any way they can - just ask. Being from England, and missing my hot tea, they were happy to provide tea for us, even late in the evening. The translated something for us in writing as soon as we mentioned it and they could not have been more helpful. The breakfast also deserves a mention, as Italians generally don't do breakfast. They supplied cereaL, eggs, toast, croissants, fruit, yogurt etc. It really was a treat.If you are looking somewhere really friendly, try this hotel  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mlomas
<Content>Hospitality Great hospitality! They make you feel comfortable and at home. The room was a good size. No view. Breakfast was good. Free internet use. Decent location. Near The Academia. Further away from uffizi. Good resturant they recommended called semidivino. Around the block.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming bed and breakfast in the heart of Florence We loved the Casci! It was right in the heart of Florence just blocks from the Duomo. The owners were very friendly and spoke excellent English. Our corner room was quiet and large. The hotel has been remodeled recently and so was very clean and new looking. The bathroom had a very large tub that we enjoyed after walking around all day sight seeing. Free internet service to check e-mail. Breakfast was typical Italian continental breakfast with hard boiled eggs. Ask Carla to make you a hot chocolate, it is excellent! My wife's only complaint was the blow dryer which was more of a vacum hose that blew out cool air. I had to buy her one at the electronic store and it cost about $40. The Casci was difficult to find so I would take their phone number and call when I got into town. Walking there from the train station would be much easier than driving there which is what we did. Parking was very very expensive. You don't need a car in Florence. Also we found that two days wasn't near enough to see and enjoy Florence.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaulPH
<Content>Long history at Casci, great location and staff My older brother and younger brother lived at (then Pensione) Casci for the 1978-79 and 1980-81 school years, respectively. My wife and I stayed there in '86 and '99. Same wonderful hospitality I remember from my visit in May 1979.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sgcn
<Content>great place - hotel Casci We just spent 3 great days at the Hotel Casci. LOVED IT! Great location, reasonable price, yummy breakfast, comfortable bed, and extremely helpful staff. They made our museum reservations for us, recommended restaurants, and were very friendly. I highly recommend this place. (ask for the fluffy towels!)  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service and Location Our family of four spent three wonderful days in Florence at the Hotel Casci. We rented a family suite (room 28), which has two twin beds and a king size bed. The bathroom is a bit small but adequate. The furnishings are simple and the room is far from elegant, but the room was in line with what we expected from a two-star hotel. The service we received, however, greatly exceeded two-star quality. The Lombadi family answered all of our questions and anticipated our travel, dining, and sightseeing needs. They served a good breakfast, with croissants, toast, fruit, cereal, juices, and coffee. We all availed ourselves of the free internet access in the lobby. The hotel's location is great, being several blocks from the Duomo, San Marco, and San Lorenzo, and within walking distance of the train station. The third-floor location of the hotel is a little inconvenient, as a small elevator serves the hotel and the stairs are difficult with luggage. Overall, this is a very solid, economical choice for a Florence accomodation.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My family and I just spent an outstanding three days at Hotel Casci. The location was excellent, breakfast was good and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. The front desk staff went out of their way to do everything they could to help my family have an enjoyable trip. I wouldn't hesitate to stay at this amazing hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tiggy_Bermuda
<Content>Casci - Brilliant Location The Casci's location was unbelievable - 2 blocks from the Duomo and one block from the San Lorenzo market. The rooms were very small but who spends all their time in Florence in a hotel room? One of our rooms even had fold up toilet and bidet! Free internet access. We paid a little extra to have both our cars parked and then brought round when we were leaving Florence. Very convenient but they need a bigger sign as we passed it the first time round!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GLH
<Content>Very satisfied Great location for sightseeing and shopping; clean room - adequate in size and quiet;vert friendly staff. Free e:mail access was a bonus. Guide books were available for your use. The owners were very helpful. We would definitely choose the Casci again!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wondering77
<Content>great service although i was disappointed in the looks of this hotel (you can find many charming places in florence, but this is not one of them), I could not have been more delighted with the sevice. this family knows how to treat their customers. we stayed in october 2003 and we wanted to go to a resturant recommended by a web site and had the address and phone number. after trying to call several times for us for a reservation and not getting an answer, one of the staff walked over there and checked it out for hours and menu. (the phone number was in error) now that is customer service in my book!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Slightly Different Perspective After reading the reviews here, I was hoping for a bit more from the hotel. The rate was reasonable and the location good, but there were several items which did not suit us well. First, we arrived and were not able to go to our requested room. We ended up in room #9 (warning to all). Apparently, this room is similar to room #7 in a previous review in that it had the fold away toilet that, shall we say, had difficulties in flushing properly.We were able to move into our double room (#20), which was spacious by European standards and had a normal toilet. It was a bit warmer then and we tried to use the air conditioning. After 10 or so minutes, it intermittently started to make an irregular vibration somewhat like a distant freight train that could not be stopped unless the unit was turned off for 30 minutes. Opening the window worked reasonably well until 04:00 when the smell of food began to drift into the room.The customer service was not consistent. The front desk staff was generally friendly, but the woman directing breakfast had the air of a prison matron or perhaps Ms. Ballbricker from the movie Porkys (You will eat at this table, not this one!).In conclusion, a mixed bag. Its good if youre on a tight budget, but anyone with more discriminating tastes should head elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Affordable, convenient, clean! The Casci is a family-owned hotel in the heart of Florence. Very close to all of the major tourist sites, the Casci features large, comfortable rooms, a full breakfast (usually supervised by Mrs. Lombardi, the family matriarch, ensuring plenty!) and helpful staff/family members. Father Paulo and son Pier Paulo are helpful at the front desk, but often busy. The free internet access thru the computer in the small coffee and wine bar area was a godsend. They also loan guidebooks, and there is a free lending library of best sellers (mostly English) for your late night reading. This hotel is a keeper--reasonable rates, excellent location, and confortable lodgings.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hbrown
<Content>Love the Casci! Our second stay at the Hotel Casci was in late June, 2003. In addition to the hotel's outstanding location, the Lombardi family make you feel very comfortable and welcomed. The Casci is just a very short walk (about 2 blocks) to the Duomo. Nearly all of the main Florence sites are within just a few minutes' walking distance. The morning buffet breakfast is served in a large central room with fresco ceilings, and you eat with other hotel guests. Very easy to exchange travel tips and stories. The self-serve buffet contains every possible choice of breakfast food you could desire. Further, Paolo helped arrange for purchases to be sent back to my home address. He was indispensable and extremely kind natured. Everyone speaks English well. It was very nice to have free Internet access as well. During one stay, our room overlooked the red-tiled rooftops of nearby homes. A real treat to look out of our window. The rooms are well air-conditioned. The hotel has a self-service elevator convenient when traveling with heavy luggage. Wouldn't stay anywhere else in Firenze, and will be back again and again.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful service We stayed at Hotel Casci September 27-30, 2003. This was during the national electric outage in Italy. The staff were very professional in dealing with this difficult situation and made the most out of it. They had bottled water available for anyone who asked, and added the nice touch of candles on the breakfast tables the morning after the outage. They recommended restaurants for each of our nights there. The meals and service at all of them were very good. They even made reservations for us at the Ufizzi and Accademia. The free Internet access was a great plus as well. This hotel focuses on providing quality customer service.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel I stayed at this hotel September 28 - October 2, 2003. Paolo and the evening shift young man (I forgot his name) were friendly, though mostly busy and preoccupied. Free internet access, and breakfast. Very clean room and clean towels. The hotel is very close to most attractions, and there's a bank and ATM machine just accross the street. Not a bad hotel for 100 euro a night (single room).  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Location, Great Price, Clean! Excellent location - in walking distance from all the main attractions, shopping, restaurants, etc. The hotel itself is quaint - basic amenities  very good service. The rooms reminded me of dorm rooms... they are clean, basic and actually rather sizable - great for the economical traveler (or family). I would not recommend this for a romatic getaway or anything, but would recommend this for people that want convenience the basic necessities.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home away from home       Only sign for hotel, have to look closely.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home Away from Home!!   showReview(1154773, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice!   showReview(1153964, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay!!   showReview(1143394, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great family-run place   showReview(993909, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing!   showReview(970571, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank you !   showReview(912426, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeanmarine
<Content>Wow   showReview(819102, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ILUVFOOD
<Content>Terrific!!   showReview(792321, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2002
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five Star Hospitality!   showReview(699685, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lurui
<Content>Ambiance chaleureuse et conviviale   showReview(23204168, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>銇嗐仧銇°們銈?> 銇嗐仧銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂銇屾渶楂橈紒   showReview(22566372, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>tampion33
<Content>humain hotel   showReview(21471131, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ibhubhesi
<Content>Veramente bello l'Hotel Casci   showReview(21393217, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ily_fly
<Content>ok perfetto   showReview(21227253, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SilvanaZ
<Content>Fantastico Hotel!   showReview(21071167, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tres sympa. Ambiance tres...   showReview(16730500, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EleonoraBrescia
<Content>Hotel Casci - un'ottima scelta   showReview(11944908, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Staff super sympa,dispo,avec de...   showReview(12648648, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LILLYParis
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel dans le centre de Florence   showReview(8535927, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Seehas
<Content>Ideales Hotel   showReview(8383612, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Londonian
<Content>Pas ce que je pensais   showReview(7569377, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AudreydeNice
<Content>Super h么tel id茅alement situ茅 !       la t茅l茅vision (茅cran plat) et les rangements  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ausgesprochen freundlich...   showReview(11420835, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

