<Author>bangsezmax
<Content>The most comfortable beds in a hotel ever Stayed at the Monteleone over Christmas (excellent prices available over the holidays). Our room was 3rd floor right over the entrance, but the noise on Royal St. rarely bothered us over our 5 night stay. The beds are outstanding -- my wife and I both slept like logs. The rooftop pool is heated (really heated, like bath temperature) and we were lucky enough with the weather to spend Christmas day getting a tan drinking beverages that we bought in the Carousel (the poolside bar was closed for the winter and/or holidays I guess). Only real difficulty was the valet service which kept losing the info on our car and slowing us down somewhat (we were in no hurry, so no biggie). As it turns out, while we were waiting for our car in the lobby, we were twice entertained by Christmas activities (an adorable choir of 5-year-old girls and some historical re-enactor types including Papa Noel). All in all, very festive atmosphere at the hotel during ostensibly a dead part of the tourist season. Didn't eat at the Hunt Room or the Cafe so can't report on those, but did spend some time in the Carousel Bar, which is everything a good hotel bar should be (try the Abita Select on tap -- it's awesome!). And as everyone has pointed out, the location is great -- easy walking distance to Bourbon, Canal Street, the CBD, the riverfront, and the St. Charles streetcar. This was our second visit to the Monteleone, and it won't be our last. It's a lovely place with a great old-world vibe to it.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>xonyc
<Content>My personal preference -more sunlight and a better lounge. Just got back from New Orleans. Our stay at the Hotel Monteleone was just fine. The room was nice, no complaints. Make sure you ask for a room with a view, (may be an upgrade); certain wings of the hotel building are U shaped and the room windows face in toward each other. Everything about the hotel was very pretty, I just would have liked to stay in a hotel with more windows and sunlight and a nicer lounge area. The carousel bar was pretty, but small and the spinning I could do without!!! I'm really not complaining but to me a clean room is fine, it's the lobby, lounge, bar area that really make a hotel. We stayed with friends and we'd meet at a different hotel for a drink, instead of our own, before heading out. The Omni on St. Louis, and the Sonesta on Bourbon are places to check out if you enjoy a little relaxation and a nice cocktail before or after heading out into the fun of New Orleans!Go to Mr. B's across the street for lunch, a GREAT restaurant with a real old time business lunch feel.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Floridaskilover
<Content>Historic Monteleone - beautiful and perfect location The hotel is beautiful and the location can't be beat. Book a room larger than just the standard room. The rooms are nicely furnished and beds are comfy. Everything was perfect during our stay but we did not have to valet park and the line Sunday morning for those retreiving their cars was quite long. The pool are is very nice and the pool was heated above 90 degress - it was in the 50's. The location is ideal.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jennings
<Content>Lovely Old World Charm I was in New Orleans attending a conference and did not have a choice in which hotel I stayed. This hotel turned out to be ideal. It is an older hotel with a lot of charm and character (I usually go for the more modern hotel when I travel in American cities). The location is perfect too, right in the middle of the French Quarter - a couple of minutes to walk to Bourbon St but just far enough away from the noise. The street itself has several good restaurants, gift shops, coffee shops etc. I walked to the famous Cafe Du Monde easily from here. I would definitely stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>firegod2
<Content>Think Twice Before Staying.... This letter is to inform you of our negative experience with the hotel鈥檚 valet service. Upon receiving our vehicle from valet, we were making sure our belongings were still there. We discovered that the emergency cash that was hidden in my car was missing. Only a person that put a lot of effort into digging through my car could have found this hiding place. After speaking with the transportation director he informed us that the valet is not responsible for our vehicle. We tried to self park the car upon arriving to the hotel but we were told we had no choice but to valet. This makes us suspicious that the hotel may condone the act of theft and possibly even promote the valets to thoroughly search each car to 鈥渟ee what they can find鈥?as a 鈥渂onus鈥? Although the manager spoke with us he did not seem very concerned at getting to the bottom of the situation. He seemed more concerned about getting us out of the lobby as to not cause a seen in front of other guest. After speaking with several other people from Baton Rouge about our experience, we were told other horror stories concerning Hotel Monteleone鈥檚 valet service that had taken place this Mardi Gras as well as for the Kenny Chesney concert just a few months ago. You can be assured that we will never return to this hotel and will be spreading the word to as many people as possible about our experience and the experiences we have learned about from our friends concerning your hotel. To add insult to injury we had to pay $30 for valet to rob us.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>Big80s
<Content>Just OK Overall, a good hotel and a great location, but I was not totally happy with my stay because of issues with my room and the way they were handled.First, the good - The location is excellent. The hotel is located in the heart of the french quarter area -- very close to Burbon St., nice restaurants, bars, etc. The lobby is nice with plenty of places to sit.The front desk staff I interacted with was mediocre at best. I had questions about some of the well known establishments in the area, and they either had no clue what I was talking about or gave me completely wrong information about the location.Here is the bad. It pertains to the particular room I was in, so I would not say this is representative of the whole hotel. However, the service I received may be moreso. I went to use the sink in my bathroom, and there was no cold water. The handle wouldn't turn. I called the front desk, and they said they'd send someone right up. I left the room for a few hours, and when I returned, I noticed the sink still wasn't working. I called the front desk again and explained that nobody had been to my room yet, and it had been a couple of hours. He said he would take care of that right away. I again left the room to enjoy the town some more. When I returned again a few hours later, still nobody had been to my room. So, I called and requested a manager. I explained the situation to the manager and how this was my 3rd attempt to address the problem, and he said it was the first he'd heard of it. He was going to contact the maintenance guy immediately. I explained that I was going out again, and confirmed that I did not need to be in my room. When I returned later, there was a voice mail on my phone. (The manager said he'd leave voice mail with the results.) He said the maintenance man was unable to fix this issue. He said they were sold out, so I couldn't be moved to another room. He said that as a gesture of good will, he would leave 2 breakfast coupons for me at the front desk. The only other thing that was wrong with my room was that it was very warm and I didn't see a way to cool it. There was a thermostat on the wall, which was set at 55, but it was way warmer than that. I did mention this at check out the next morning to the front desk staff and to a manager (not the same one I'd spoken with the night before). The other issue that happened was when I went to check out and get my breakfast voucher. The front desk said they had no record of my issue or voucher. They called the manager, who did come down and agree to comp my breakfast.I booked my room through Orbitz, so I don't think there was anything they could do as far as refunding some of my money.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>Geaux4it
<Content>Con artists at the front desk...with the best catering on the planet... Booked a Preferred King as part of a small group, had a personal email confirming my rate, room type, and checkin details. When I was presented with a paper to initial that said Traditional King, I asked why and was told they were Updating their website and this was the new name for the Preferred room. Got to the room, called my office to check in and explained what had happened, they volunteered to call the hotel and ask what the difference between the rooms was. As it turns out, I had been checked into a lower caliber room that should have been $30 cheaper. I returned to the front desk, and they were gracious enough to change the rate to what the room rents for that I was placed in, claiming they had overbooked, all an honest mistake. Sounds somewhat plausible so far? Well, another member of our group checked in next to me, he had booked the lower level Traditional King, and asked to be upgraded to the same room we had contracted for our group, the Preferred King at $30 more. They graciously agreed to allow him to do so, and charged him the $30 extra. But rather than check him into a Preferred King, they placed him in the exact same room he had originally booked, no upgrade whatsoever, just scamming him out of $30 per...If someone did this to you out on a street somewhere, the police would arrest them, beware, and consider bring the police with you to check in if you want to actually get what you are paying for...On the bright side, we had catered food and beverage service at our business meetings that was absolutely top shelf, with an impeccable staff...these folks deserve a 5 star rating, absolutely superb presentation, quality, and service.So...if you make it past the horse thieves at the front desk, you will be in for a rare treat when you eat...  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	4	3	1	5	2	

<Author>bubbafb
<Content>Great Location The Hotel Monteleone is perfectly located in the French Quarter, just one block from Bourbon Street and close to Canal and the River area. I spent two nights at the hotel during a business convention. The hotel is historic and there is a sense of old-world style as you enter the premises. The lobby is nice without being too elaborate. The staff was mostly friendly and helpful. The rooms are spreadout through about 14 floors and, as most older city hotels, there are lots of hallways. I suspect the size of the room depended a bit on which hallway you were on. My room was not very big ... except for the bathroom. However the bathroom space was not used very well. There was marble throughout the bathroom. The bed was comfortable and the room clean. There was a small desk with wired internet and the entertainment center doubled as a closet. TV was not great ... but your are not in New Orleans for the TV.Did not eat in the restaurants. But the main one (Hunt Room Grill) looked nice. The bar is unique as the stools rotate like a carousel. We ate at K-Paul's Louisiana Kitchen a few blocks away which was excellent. The workout room was not very big but the machines were new and in great shape. As mentioned, the location is perfect and not overrun with Bourbon Street party-goers. If you are looking for a New Orleans experience, this is close enough to the craziness yet upscale and quiet on its own.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Hotelsnob64
<Content>Great Place to Stay I stayed here for a week in November for business and was very pleased. The location couldn't have been more convenient.In the heart of the French Quarter on Royal St. convenient to restaurants, shopping, antique galleries etc. When I first checked in, my room was very small and overlooking some very unattractive roofs plus tv didn't work. So the guy that came up to try to fix the tv told me if I wasn't happy with my room I should ask for another one.Thank god I did. The room they switched me to was much bigger and overlooking the river. The only issue was the bathroom which was rather small. The staff was very helpful. Especially the doormen. David and Frederick to be specific. Very knowledgeable about places to eat. No real issues except the phone charges are ridiculous. They charge 80 or 90 cents for every local call. Needless to say I used my cellphone. Also charge for internet access if u want to use their DSL or Wifi. For the most part I recommend the Monteleone and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>dmlohmeier
<Content>Okay - not worth the price - Great Location- Good Bar in hotel- Medicore concierge service. Not very knowledgeable - Not worth the $200 dollars a night. Cheaper hotels with same amenities just two blocks away  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	4	2	2	

<Author>sensitiveartist
<Content>Little Murder, Little Mystery, Lots of Fun My husband and I, along with a pair of friends, stayed at the Monteleone for their Murder Mystery weekend over Halloween. We stayed three nights, two with the murder mystery event and a supplemental night. We were on the 4th Floor and had a great corner room. We could hear street noise and music, but it added to the stay, rather than being an annoyance. The room was clean and comfortable, very attractive. Linens, mattress and pillows were the perfect thing to come back to after a day of walking and enjoying the town. Turn down service nightly.The hotel was beautiful and close to everything. The rooftop pool and balcony were wonderful, we never did leave enough time for a dip though. Our mystery package included breakfasts, a lunch, a dinner and a cocktail reception. Food was great! We didn't try any of the on site restaurants through, the meals were all served in the Riverview Room.Of course we hit the Carousel Bar a couple times, what a great experience. The only negatives would be someone smoking in the room next to ours, the smoke came through the closed room adjoinng door. The other negative, the concierge wasn't very friendly. We were able to get better tips for restaurants and things to do from the staff members participating in the murder mystery weekend.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>BonVoyageDC
<Content>Cozy rooms, avoid the restaurants and the maidservice I stayed at the Monteleone for a week for business. The room was well-appointed, the location couldn't be beat, and the view was great. The staff were also, generally, fairly helpful. However, there were a few negatives that really turned me off of the place. The hotel seems much more interested in getting every last dollar from you than being hospitable. For example, the room mini-bars will automatically charge you if you even touch the thing too hard - it took my colleague 45 minutes at the front desk to get that sorted out. Another example - I wanted a plain yogurt from the restaurant instead of the large breakfast. They charged me $6 for a 3-oz (mini) yogurt because they were unwilling to price it a-la-carte. When I complained, they said that they don't make exceptions and I would have to pay the $6 (that would have been nice to know before they gleefully brought me the yogurt). Finally, another issue was the maidservice. I had to call and ask that the maidservice be discontinued because they rearranged everything in the room, including my toiletries and work-papers, to the point that I had difficulty finding things. I was also disappointed to see no recycling bins anywhere in the hotel for newspapers or plastic water bottles. Finally, the gym could have been nice, except that most of the equipment was broken. The rooftop pool also could have been nice, but it obviously hadn't been cleaned in awhile.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>SBtraveler1
<Content>Great place to stay in the French Quarter We stayed at the Monteleone Hotel for a four day weekend. The hotel was in a great location in the French Quarter. The service was excellent, the room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was a little plain and small with a standard tub shower but was otherwise ok. The cafe in the hotel had one of the best breakfasts we had in NO during our stay.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marionm20
<Content>Lovely Hotel ....awful treatment My daughter's wedding was out of town and in New Orleans. We booked a block of rooms. Due to the economic conditions, many people could not afford to travel and stay. Some booked cheaper hotels and we only ended up with 23 rooms. I booked my own room at the aarp rate, which was less than the rate we were given as a group.Before we arrived I noticed there were also cheaper rates available at Summit Hotel's website. I called the Monteleone to try to get our rate reduced and they would not change our group rate.When I checked into the hotel, they denied me the aarp rate since I was part of the wedding. Since I was staying 6 nights the differential was quite costly.They knew they had me. I couldn't check out because I had many guests coming. Instead of being well treated because I had 23 rooms, I was treated poorly.We had rented a car to run errands; parking was $30 a day. There was construction in the garage and getting the car took an average of 30 minutes. I was late for the wedding rehearsal, because it took 45 minutes to retrieve my car.My blazer was stolen from my station wagon as well.The wedding was fabulous. The Monteleone was not.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BumbleBe19
<Content>Monteleone is the place to be for New Years Eve! We stayed in the Monteleone for New Years Eve for the Sugar Bowl game Georgia Vs Hawaii. The Hotel was amazing, check in was smooth and they still had the Christmas decorations up. The whole lobby was decorated with Christmas lights and trees. It was so quiet even on New Years Eve. The views were awesome from the pool deck you could see all of Bourbon street. Within walking distance of everything. I Highly Recommend.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NEweekend
<Content>Wonderful hotel. Great location. We checked in before check-in time with no problem. Our room was a superior double double. The room was somewhat small but by no mean unmanageable. We knew the rooms were small. Since there were three of us, there was just enough draw space and hangers for our clothing. Bathroom was nice but small with little counter space. With three women in the room we could have used more counter space but again we managed. The beds were very comfortable.The view was great. Our view was over the roof tops with a perfect view of the Mississippi River. We were fascinated with the traffic on the river. The hotel itself is very pretty and elegant without being stuffy. Everyone we encountered was professional and pleasant.The Carosel Bar was very nice and a great place to start a days activities or to end the day. It seems to be a very popular place. One night it was packed. The hotel location was PERFECT. One block from Bourbon Street. It was also very near the St Charles Streetcar which we got on to visit the Garden District. Easy walk to Jackson Sq and the waterfront. We ate breakfast at Le Cafe at the hotel which was good. Overall, the three of us loved the Hotel Monteleone and if we return would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kmcmahon
<Content>Reservation was not honored, staff was misleading, next time a different hotel We called the hotel to book a room in early September and were told no rooms were available for September 26. We were able to book a premium king on the hotel website for $179. When we arrived at the hotel we were told the the premium king was not available, but we could have a standard King with a view of the French Quarter for $139. We took the reduced rate and got a room looking into an airshaft between 2 wings of the hotel. I thought the room was OK, but resented the fact that the clerk told us the room had a view when he knew it did not. By the time we got to our room we were ready to start touring the French Quarter and I didn't feel like wasting our time arguing about our room and the view. Next time in New Orleans we will try a different hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>thosetwo
<Content>Very nice stay We stayed at the Monteleone for three days at the end of September and enjoyed it a great deal. It's a clean, well-run hotel with attentive, friendly staff. It's also HUGE, but has a small hotel feel, and is unusually quiet given its close proximity to Bourbon Street. For price, location and quality, it's hard to beat the Monteleone. We'd certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zhome5
<Content>Worse Reservation Experience After calling repeatedly and not being able to get someone to make the reservation that I needed, I went in person to make the reservation. After waiting for nearly 20 minutes the front desk could not help me. They sent me to a phone to make the reservation. Again, the person on the phone was useless. They sent me back to the front desk. Once they were able to get the reservation made, they photocopied my license and credit card to pay for the reservation. When my parents went to check in they were told they did not have a reservation and of course my credit card information was not there so they would have to pay for it. I have never dealt with such an unprofessional business in my life.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>RossOrpington
<Content>A wonderful experience I stayed here on business during 20-27 September 2008 in a Deluxe double-Queen bedded room. I had great views over the river from my room, even sitting in bed! Certainly pay the extra for deluxe rooms to get the good views. The hotel was fantastic - great atmosphere and ambience. Staff were very friendly and made you feel special. The revolving bar was great fun. Throughly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>servins
<Content>Monteleone Hotel perfect location Stayed for two nights at the Monteleone Hotel in New Orleans with my teenage son in August 2008. As the saying goes......location, location, location. It was perfect. One short block away from noisy Bourbon Street but close enough to be extremely convenient. The room wasn't large but it truely did not matter. It was large enough and fine. The conceige could have been a little more friendly/helpful but that would be my only very minor complaint.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Objective37
<Content>Basically a good Hotel. We stayed at this property between Hurricanes Gustav  Ike, so we arrived the day that the Hotel had reopened. The Hotel dates back to 1886, when Mr Monteleone opened a 60 bedroom Hotel, today after extensions  refurbs the Hotel still has some original features, such as the Entrance Lobby  the Reception area,  now has almost 300 rooms. The Hotel is in a great location 1 block from Canal St  1 from Bourbon, so whilst you can walk to the seedy/bar nightlife, you are far enough away not to hear it constantly. Don't forget that New Orleans has 24 hr drinking!The rooms are good, spacious, large TV's  an old world charm. The bathrooms are excellent, but with odd features like the closet for clothes  cases being in the bathroom also. The breakfast buffet is excellent for $15. There is also a pool perched on the top floor, which sits alongside meeting rooms on the 15th floor, it's a tad strange but works none the less. Staff are pleasant but not overly so, I dont know if that was just the after effects of the Hurricanes. Of note is Miss Eva, the head concierge, who has been there for a life time  knows everybody  everyone, and as you would expect is a font of knowledge. I would recommend a very expensive drink in the Carousel bar, named as the Bar counter  seats actually revolve, once every 15 mins. Great to experience but a bit gimmicky!We would recommend this property very much, try to get a good deal on the Suites, great if your budget will allow.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>juicygirlfruit
<Content>Ok hotel in a good location! My family of four (2 adults  2 little girls) stayed at this hotel for 3 nights on the second weekend in August 2008. Our check in was ez and we were upgraded to a Deluxe room with a cityview on the 14th floor. This room was the size of a closet w/ no space for our suitcases nor drawers to put our clothers in. The room was not quite as clean as most hotels and the view was rather dull w/ rooftop  alleys to see (boring). One of the concierges was very unfriendly and she was very unhelpful  rude. The bellman/doorman were nice  accomadating when they were around (sometimes). The pool was nice on the rooftop although it needed some cleaning and was quite small. The fitness room was decent w/ enought cardio machines for most, but no free weights to be found. One day after sightseeing our room was not clean (and we arrived at 4pm) and called room service immediately. They came up in about 20 minutes or so.Thank goodness our room was free and will definitely not be staying there again. We stayed at the Royal Sonesta on Bourbon St. two weeks prior w/ my family and found it much nicer, classier, much more friendly w/ better service and better rooms  pool. The pros: close to everything in the French Quarter nice lobbyCons: not too friendly/ small rooms/ service so=so/ rooms a bit dirty  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>evolvetoday
<Content>Great location My family stayed at the Monteleone last summer. The hotel was fabulous!! So far my favorite in New Orleans. The location is perfect and the room was spacious and beautifully decorated. Most of the staff were extremely friendly, the only problem we had was at check-in, I felt the lady at the front desk could have been a bit more courteous. All in all we loved this hotel and will stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>JohnnyJohnson32
<Content>Great French Quarter Hotel We stayed at the Monteleone August 15-21, 2008. I can't say enough good things about the hotel. Service, location, ambiance, friendly and helpful staff. We had a group of 9 people staying and everyone would come back. If you are looking to be close to things in the french quarter, but in a nice quiet sophisticated setting, this place is it. Rooms are a bit small compared to newer modern hotels, but full of charm. Real New Orleans character and charm.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrigidInOttawa
<Content>Excellent older hotel in the French Quater We stayed at the Hotel Monteleone for 7 nights in August 2008. My husband was attending a conference and the Monteleone was one of the official hotels. We had a beautiful double room on the 9th floor facing north - despite being one block from Bourbon Street it was very quiet. We were always greeted by friendly doormen and the concierge was a real help. The lobby is incredible. Overall the atmosphere was great. We would definitely stay at the Monteleone again - the location, ambiance and price cannot be beat.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AmyD29
<Content>Great hotel, staff not so much We were very excited to stay here after reading the reviews. Check in time was 3 p.m. We were told at 11, after calling due to early arrival, that the room would be ready in a few minutes. We had lunch walked around and called back to check an hour and a half later, not ready, but they told us to head on in. We got there, parked the car ($20 per night), they told us the room would be ready in an hour. We went out to a local bar with live music, came back around 5, and our room still was not ready for us. We ended staying in a room with a view of a building vs. the river, which we paid for, without any reimbursement or exchange of service. The room was very nice and clean, quiet, the Carrousel Lounge was great and friendly staff. Do not order room service for breakfast, it was $70 for two. Overall, the check in service was not good, but the hotel was great, and I would give it one more try. Be adament about check in time.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	4	5	

<Author>MelLongIsland_NY
<Content>Fantastic Location! We spent a long weekend in New Orelans and found the city to be quite charming.Our stay at the Montleone was very nice. The location is wonderful. It is on an antique store lined street right in the heart of the french quarter and only steps away from bourbon street. The Good: LOCATION, roof-top pool (though they could use more space), spa is lovely, lobby is beautiful, room-service efficient, food good, carousel bar uniqueThe Bad: doormen not always around, not very accomodating when it comes to early check-in (there were many people left to their own devices in a torrential downpour! we came back soaked and were finally givein a room) bad view from our roomOverall, we would return to this hotel again if the price was right.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>sneakyatty
<Content>Great Stay at Monteleone My husband and I stayed at Monteleone from July 20 to July 25. The hotel was wonderful. Check-in was a breeze. We reserved a king deluxe room and we were happy with the room (1439). We didn't have much of a view, but we didn't mind at all. It was spacious enough for the two of us; however, I think it would be a little snug for three or more people. The bathroom was pretty and roomy. Our room was cleaned every day between 11am and 4pm. We had turndown service twice. The hotel room suited our purposes and we got a great rate since it's the low season. The hotel pool area was nice and necessary in the heat. We did not use the spa, gym or the eat on the premises. The Carousel Bar is a little pricey (2 domestic beers was $11 including tip).One complaint - I don't use hotel room glasses. There is a shop in the lobby of the hotel where you can get disposable cups. However, the cleaning staff always throws them out, even if you hide them. Just a small gripe.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>alexam174
<Content>Lots to Love ~ Heads Ups Too~ 1st the pluses: great location, lovely hotel overall, pretty pool, nice staff, it's historic so there's that. We got a much-discounted price being there as part of a convention so price wise it was great for what we got.2nd the cons: there were people outside being raucous most nights, thought that died by 1AM or so and since we were trying to really 'use' our time, it didn't bother us that much. Housekeeping staff needs to learn English...pretty sure this is true of just about every hotel in the US about now but yeah, it was bad. We had 2 double beds in our room....which barely fit in our room and the bathroom, while pretty, was tiny. You can do better than this for a 4 star hotel in NOLA! The Carousel bar is way over-priced. Parking is over-priced too but I get that it's NOLA, post-Katrina so somethings will be more expensive. Would I stay there again at rack price? No. Would I stay there again, period? Maybe. There are many, many hotels in NOLA, never mind the French Quarter, so you have options galore. The people we were there w/had a much nicer room than ours...their room fit with the 4-star rating.If you're gonna stay there, I would say go all the way and get the biggest room they have. Pool, fitness room  meeting areas were fine; lobby is beautiful and parking staff were great...probably the best thing about the hotel was the parking staff!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>TravelnCowgirl
<Content>Could stand some inprovement My husband and I chose this hotel to stay at while we were in town to celebrated Halloween. Being so close to my fav Acme oyster bar was great but this hotel has some improvemenst to make in service. When we arrived around 8pm, there were no door greeters or bellhops to help with our luggage. This is not something I am willing ot overlook at a hotel. However- a while later while leaving the hotel- I did see a bellhop. Our room was small but very beautifly decorated and the bathroom was very clean. I would have liked for the tub to have worked properly but the drain stopper was missing. We improvised and just made it by. Our bed was comfortable and the view was georgous-for New Orleans. My husband loved the heated pool and the seating was very adequate for sun bathing. I would have liked to have had a coffee maker in our room but the gift shop offered many choices of pastries and coffee. The seating in the lobby was nice and open. However- even though we did not drive- I noticed the parking garage was full and guest were upset. I would reccommend this hotel again- for the location and historic charm.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>traveldolphin
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in Ideal Location! I was at the Monteleone Hotel in March for almost one week. From the moment you enter the charming lobby (which includes beautiful antiques), you are impressed with a sense of tradition and hospitality. Location:Ideal: I would say you can't beat the location...right in the heart of the French Quarter, without the noise and high energy of Bourbon Street. Service:PERFECT!!! Warm, friendly and attentive staff who are there to assist. Concierge was terrific! Also, the Front Desk Manager, Mr. Gary Crawford was so helpful and accommodating with a problem I encountered. He is truly a class above and beyond any other hotel manager I've ever dealt with: BRAVO!!!Room/hotel:Comfortable, fair size (none of the windows open), clean and well appointed (other than the sinks being small. The pool on the roof is pretty, with a great view, but tiny.Food:The Breakfast Buffet was excellent, but their main restaurant (Hunt Room, I believe) was FANTASTIC! I would say that from all the restaurents we tried in New Orleans, we enjoyed the food there the most (try the duck and fish: delicious)!Things to do:Make sure you take the steam boat on the grand Mississipi: it's relaxing and fun. Walking in the Old French Quarter was amazing, and if you happen to be in N.O. in March, make sure you check out the St. Patrick's Day Parade (not much advertised) in the suburbs: it was beyond anything I've exprienced when it comes to parades...and collected two huge bags full of colourful bead (which were thrown out to the crowds)! Advice:The spirit and people of New Orleans is remarkable and inspiring! I would just caution that at night, just keep to the main streets and be aware of the panhandlers! It is truly a magical, romantic town...and I'd love to back soon...maybe for Mardi Gras this time...and I'll surely be returning to the Monteleone Hotel!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LongIslandIcedT
<Content>Great Place-Great Price Stayed at Monteleone from 7/7 for three nights, Hotel staff top notch in every way. The place was super clean, staff a pleasure to talk to, 5 star place at 1 star price. Cant beat location either- one block south of Bourbon Street.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Babs0828
<Content>Billing Fiasco Our family had a block of 11 rooms reserved for an event. Our room was to be a double, as there are 3 of us. We checked in, gave our credit card information, and were given the keys to a fourth floor room.  No one was available to help with our luggage, so the 3 of us lugged it all to room 467, which turned out to be a king suite. We hauled everything back to the front desk, waited in a long line, and informed the staff person that we were given the wrong room. He told us there was no problem, he checked us out of room 467 and we were given the keys to room 471.  Our room was clean, comfortable, and nicely appointed. Although our room faced the street, it was quiet. Of course, there was an obligatory hair in the bathroom, but we have come to expect that in any hotel we stay at. The exercise room is exceptional, with an incredible view. Overall, we had a nice stay. Upon check-out, we decided to use another credit card than the one we checked in with. The 2-night stay, with parking, was $346.50. Almost 3 week's later I decided to check my credit card statement and saw that the initial card we used upon check-in had been billed, as well as the card we switched to upon check-out. The total combined charges for both cards (for a 2 night stay) was: $697.09. I called the toll-free number listed for the hotel and explained my problem. The girl who answered (I did not get her name, but she was in reservations) asked me if we had perhaps ordered room service to incur these additional charges! I was finally transferred to the credit manager's voice mail. I waited 3 hours and called back. I got the same girl in reservations who informed me it was 12:13 and everyone was at lunch. She reiterated the time of day before transferring me to Tania's voice mail once again. Within an hour, Tania returned my call. She listened patiently, did some research, and told me that I was billed for rooms 467 and 471.  I asked how this could have occurred and Tania told me my information was still imprinted on the portfolio for the original room and that when my brother arrived (the occupant of room 467), he was handed the keys and told he had already been checked in. Please note that my brother has an assistant who arranged the accomodations for all of us and I am sure he assumed she had handled his payment arrangements as well. He is important, whereas I have to do everything for myself!  Tania then explained that until my brother called with his credit card information, my erroneous charge could not be reversed. I asked Tania what would have happened if someone I didn't know had been given room 467....would I still be charged? She had no answer. I asked if the hotel would admit a mistake had been made. She replied, I wasn't there, so I don't know what really happened. What REALLY happened was that the front desk clerk left my credit card information on file to cover the charges of a room they initially gave me BY MISTAKE. Tania DID offer to call my brother for me to obtain his credit card information and offered to call me back when she had obtained the information.  The next day, I received a call from her co-worker. Jim said that David told him that I had authorized my card to be used for my brother's charges. I have no idea who David is and why he would say something that is 100% untrue. I then told Jim that I had called my credit card company to dispute the charge and he told me that it wouldn't matter...they have the signed portfolio for room 467 and it is MY responsibility to pay it unless my brother provides his credit information. I asked Jim the same question I asked Tania: What if a stranger had been given room 467? Jim told me that I should have asked the front desk clerk to hand me back the information I provided for room 467 when I was switched to room 471. I assumed that when I am told You have been checked out of that room, that I am not financially responsible for the room. My brother's assistant called the hotel this afternoon, provided the information, and my charges were reversed. The hotel will still not admit any wrong-doing, and although I was planning a return visit to New Orleans I certainly will never stay at this property again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller1824
<Content>Much more than was expected!       Looking down Royal Street  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>friscocat
<Content>A True Classic in a Great Location       front of the hotel at night  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Runner56
<Content>Luxury Hotel: but don't use the glassware! Very large Luxury hotel; however, as is the rule now with luxury hotels that provide in-room glassware (coffee cups, wine and water glasses, etc.); Drink out of them at your own risk!!!! I routinely work in room during business stays, the Moneteleone was no exception. During our stay, I routinely watched as the staff cleaned our used room glassware and coffepot by simply rinsing them out in the sink and wiping them down with....yes....our used bathroom towels. This is apparently now a standard sinful practice coming to light in luxury hotels. How to quickly tell if this has happened in your room in this or any hotel? Look at the cleaning carts in the halls; if they do not have trays of sanitary wrapped glassware, then you can guarantee the glassware in your room has not been replaced and is instead getting the luxury wipedown. Those glasses may not have seen a dishwasher since they were first placed in the room when the hotel was first built.Will stay there again but will adopt the Motel-6 cleanliness standard and bring my own styrofoam/disposable drinking ware.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	1	4	3	4	

<Author>nimc4
<Content>Great stay!! Just came back from a 4 day trip to New Orleans, the hotel has an excellent location on a quiet St. just 1 block to Bourbon St., there is a pharmacy and a grocery store next to it. as well as great restaurants Mr. B's, Brennans, ACME oyster house ect. ect. The rooms are small but nicely decorated , clean and with a extra comfy beds.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>ayearolder
<Content>Lovely beds! The bed took up most of the room, but it was huge and comfortable! The room looked out over the buildings in the area, which generally speaking, is not the high point of the French Quarter, it's what's inside! The bathrooms were immaculate and marble, good water pressure.Did not have much interaction with the staff, but I requested turndown service and it was provided immediately. I went back to my room about 5 minutes after making the call and she was already there! Was not ever bothered in the mornings by housekeeping, even on late ones.Last point - PERFECT location. Very close to everything delicious and good in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>t32007
<Content>Very nice. Old hotel that has been redone. Rooms and bathrooms were smallish but comfortable. Service was very friendly and helpful. Doormen were great! Pool on roof was enjoyable, Room keys didn't work majority of the time (went through 7 of them in 5 days). Missed room service one day but we were in and out repeatedly so it was understandable. Meals were pricey but food was excellent.In the middle of French Quarter and shops, restaurants and clubs. One block from Canal St and trolley, walking distance to riverfront with Aquarium, casinos, etc. Short cab ride to French Market area. Would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>txartistNorthTexas
<Content>Skip the spa The hotel is fabulous the spa...not so much.Booked pedicure online and still had to call to make appointment. Most expensive overrated service. Unorganized front desk and had better service and better polish at neighborhood asian salons. Also, price on spa website is incorrect or I was overcharged.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bossygal
<Content>Wonderful service! Hotel Monteleone is a wonderful, traditional New Orleans institution. It is in a fantastic location, only a block away from world-famous Bourbon Street, but you can't hear any of the noise associated with that. It is located on Rue Royal, which was steps away from some of the city's best restaurants: Brennan's and Court of Two Sisters. Finally, it's just a block away from Canal street and the famed St. Charles streetcar. My family and I loved the charm and ambiance of the hotel, especially the rooftop pool. The staff were all very accomodating, would stay here again in a heartbeat! The room was clean and large and felt roomy for 4 people. We stayed in a room near the elevator and ice machine, but it wasn't too bad. Loved everything about this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>aerolosangeles
<Content>Classic New Orleans The Monteleone isn't a perfect hotel, but there are some really terrific things about it. We love the lobby, and spinning carousel bar....truly classic new orleans. The rooms are small, as others have written, but how much time do you spend in your room? They are very clean, and the beds are extremely comfortable, even if it might be getting close to time to rework the look of those draperies. We also love the rooftop pool for hot afternoons. The French Quarter is always loud, and you will get some street noise even on the upper floors, but that's pretty much every hotel in the area. The plus is that you are in spitting distance of all the great restaurants and bars, as well as the street car. Overall, this is a perfect hotel to experience what makes the city unique.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>vlfair
<Content>Great Getaway Just returned from a girls getaway to New Orleans. The hotel is beautiful, conveniently located and the staff is superb. The front desk had no problems with getting us 3 rooms adjacent to each other. They also didn't quibble when we needed to split the bill 6 ways. Elke the concierge was great and the bell staff was wonderful. The Rue Royal location is great for shopping and it is in a quieter portion of the quarter which is nice. The rooms are smaller, more like a European hotel, and the layout can be confusing, but it is an older hotel. It is immaculately kept. Spa Aria is fabulous, Le Cafe had a good and speedy breakfast and Carousel bar is a good place to hang out. The pool was also nice. My only complaint is that the toilet flush was a bit loud.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MFFNorthCarolina
<Content>Hotel Monteleone -- Great Experience       Preservation Hall  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GSC4ever
<Content>Beautiful hotel in excellent location If you want to experience New Orleans, stay at the Monteleone. The suite we had was huge with 1.5 baths and beautiful. The Carousel bar downstairs is a must-visit even if you don't stay there. Everything is convenient to the Moneteleone. You are on Royal Street with a look at the unique antique shops, yet only a block from Bourbon and all the action you could want. The area is very safe. Although I was there for a convention, I chose to stay at the Monteleone. I like staying in the Quarter, and I felt this was a better value and experience than the convention hotels. The rooftop pool is excellent and includes a bar. The day spa was wonderful, and I would also highly recommend it. I had a mani-pedi which was heavenly. I would return there for sure the next time I visit.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Metravelnow
<Content>Very nice hotel to stay, close enough to everything, far enough from noise Just got back from my first visit to Nawlins, as they say. My stay at Monteleone was very pleasant and had a great time. However, for the benefit of other travellers I would like to point out what some may want to know, specifically about the room and common areas. I had booked as early as January for a conference I would later decide not to attend. For those who look for the bigger the better, the room was just big enough for the very soft king bed, a desk and chair and armoire for the television. For those who need a firm mattress for bad backs, you may want to ask for a bed board, although I never called to see if they offer this. The bathroom was also small but efficient for one, probably a bit of a challenge for those who need counter space. Plenty of mirrors though, I suppose to make the bathroom appear bigger than it really is? The room was fairly quiet, and had no trouble sleeping, although I could hear the muffled conversations of the guest nextdoor who had a small yapping dog. The window view was not particularly good; completely of rooftops and side of buildings, but who stares out the window anyway? The location was very convenient to Canal St, Bourbon St., all of French Quarter, Walgreens across the way. They also have a spa on the premises which I took advantage of for a facial and body treatment and asked to be charged to my room. The night before, they slipped a copy of my bill under the door and I found a charge from the spa that was not mine. The spa corrected the charge easily and I asked for an updated copy of my bill at the frontdesk. There are 2 restaurants, one for breakfast and lunch and the other for more elegant dining, I did not eat at either as there are sooo many places to chose from in FQ. The bar lounge has a fun carousel seating that turns slowly around, very unique to sit in for a drink. I did not view the rooftop pool or the fitness room. All in all, I would recommend this boutique hotel because of the location and price and staff. Kudos to their maid and bell service as well. I may add though that weather right now is extremely humid and I'm told the best months to go is early spring time as this is a walking town and much more enjoyable if your not sweating as soon as you exit the lobby.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>amom1268
<Content>Good stay. Not fabulous. Just got back from our quick anniversary trip to the Monteleone. It was fine. Good but not great. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We did have to wait about 20 minutes to check in. They were very busy.The lobby is nice. Our room was small and I agree with a previous reveiwer, not sure we got what we thought we were booking. We had a king room that was very small. Bathroom was tiny but immaculate. The room was pretty and very clean as well. It was very noisy. We could hear the plumbing from the other rooms around and the noise from the street below went on all night till about 5:00 in the morning.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Chapinite
<Content>Classic  Just got back from a stay at the Hotel Monteleone and only have great things to say about it -- and this from a picky and frequent traveler. The location is great -- close to everything in the French Quarter but on one of the quieter, more sedate streets. Still one block away from Bourbon, if that's your thing. The building itself is beautiful -- the shining white exterior is one of the prettiest sites in the city. Inside -- classic! We booked a riverview suite for a very reasonable price (average $189/night) and were delighted with the size, decor, ammenities -- everything. Large bedroom, king bed, view of the Mississippi, bath with a jacuzzi tub and separate 2 person shower -- the sitting room was large as well - - and with a separate powder room off of it -- so two bathrooms. The pool on the roof is small but a fun way to chill in the afternoon -- nice bar up there. Downstairs there's the Carousel bar which is beautiful and staffed by knowledgeable bartenders who actually know how to mix real drinks instead of pouring pre-mix out of jugs. Since Sunday was our 29th anniversary, I called Ms. Eva the concierge before we arrived and arranged for a special anniversary breakfast -- which came right on time -- delicious eggs benedict and chocolate dipped strawberries, with a bottle of champagne and a pitcher of OJ for mimosas. Couldn't have been lovelier! So, rave reviews here for the Monteleone.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Msk6261
<Content>Authentic and classic French Quarter Hotel We were thrilled with our choice of the Monteleone for our trip to NO for a business conference. Most of the other attendees stayed at the Marriott where the meetings were being held. We loved the fact that our accommodations were different than the generic, big box hotels in the area.First I will say the location is just perfect. Close enough to walk everywhere but far enough to avoid the noise of Bourbon St. The style, as mentioned here is more Old World...kind of on the feel of a Waldorf or Fairmont. We have a tendency to prefer contemporary or boutique-y hotels but the Monteleone really gives you a flavor for the history of the area.The lobby is very pretty and the staff very attentive and professional.If I had one complaint, I would make sure to ask what actually qualifies as a deluxe room. After reading the reviews here, I was sure to book the largest, nicest room category available below a suite. I'm not 100% sure we got what we reserved because the room was still quite small. It was a true King sized bed and there was enough room to barely make our way around but it was still small with only a very tiny peak of the river from our 6th floor room. The room and bathroom were immaculate however, seemingly recently painted. I usually bristle at ornate drapes and lots of fabrics in a hotel room but it was true to the French influence in the city and everything was fresh and dust free. Our view consisted of rooftops and buildings. As opposed to the comment on this board of noisy surrounds, we were quick to notice almost no noise (one of our main criteria for judging a hotel). That might have been because we faced away from the main street but we also heard no plumbing sounds or disturbances from the neighbors.That said, we spent very little time in the room.One of the most enjoyable aspects of the Monteleone was the lovely rooftop pool. A nice perk in a hot city. We would spend our day out and about, relax with a book poolside in the afternoon and then head out to the FQ for the evening. It made the day truly relaxing. They could use to add some umbrellas for shade however.All, in all, a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>edjack
<Content>Highly recommend - Old World Charm Just returned from 4 nights in NO for Jazzfest and absolutely loved our stay at Monteleone. We booked through a family friend who happens to be a travel agent and were looking for a hotel that offered the charm and elegance you don't find at the usual names. This was exactly what we bargained for. Great location, one block from Bourbon and a 5 min walk to the river. Staff was exceptionally attentive and gracious. Every minor problem was addressed quickly and correctly. Our only issue was that our room (15th fl) had some water stains (and possibly mold starting) from a leaky roof. Rooms are small as stated in other postings but with the Deluxe room we had just enough space to be comfortable and unpack. Would definetly go back to the Monteleone.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>WildPops1952
<Content>A Poor Choice for New Orleans We booked a room at the Monteleone based on reviews we had read on this site as well as others. The room, supposedly a deluxe king, was small, unmemorable and smelled horribly of tobacco smoke. It was exceedingly noisy at night even with the window closed. The plumbing was excessively noisy; we could hear the shower and running water from adjoining rooms. When we arrived, the in-room safe was broken and had no instructions attached; it had to be repaired the next day. The hotel does not have complimentary wireless internet and charges an excessive fee of $10 per day for wired in-room access; at its room rates, free wireless access should be available to all guests. When we requested a late check-out on May 7th, we were first told that the very best we could do was 12:30 (normal checkout is at 12:00). When we pressed on this, we were begrudgingly told we could check out at 1:00, but it was clear that the clerk felt very put out by this. For a lodging that holds itself out as a luxury hotel and charges accordingly, I believe it falls very well short of the mark. There are far better hotel choices available in or near the French Quarter. I would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	1	

<Author>kentuckygirl1021
<Content>Second visit to the Monteleone. I took my husband for his first visit to New Orleans. This was my second stay at the Monteleone and it was just as good as the last time, just with some bumps in the road. The staff is very nice and the property is clean (and the lobby always smells like fresh flowers which I just love!). This time we booked directly through the hotel and got the cheapest king deal that they had. My only recommendation is that if you are booking direct, get upgraded and don't take the standard/base rate King if you want a little more room. The room was itty bitty, but that's fine with us, we're in New Orleans and just happy to have a clean and safe place to rest at night. The only other problem was the walls were like paper and we could literally hear the two ladies next door speaking like they were right next to us and you could tell that they were speaking in reasonable levels. This was strange, because my last stay with some friends, our room was right near the elevator and we never heard a thing, so perhaps parts of the hotel were constructed at different times??? We asked for late check-out and the best they could do was an extra 30 minutes, so perhaps they had a large convention or its hotel policy, I was only upset by it because I just didn't want to leave :) It was fortunate that we did check out late because when my husband went to check out someone had used our room number to buy breakfast at the restaurant. The front desk was polite and the charge was promptly removed when we explained it was not our charge, so when you leave I would most certainly check out at the desk and look over your bill instead of automatic check out. In any case, I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit New Orleans. Our visit wasn't perfect, but it was fun and the staff at the Monteleone was wonderful. It's only a hop, skip and a jump from Bourbon and I have always felt safe walking back to the hotel at night which is a huge selling point when in NOLA. Have fun, be safe and let the good times roll!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>longlegsally
<Content>JazzFest 2008 - Great Time - Great Hotel Our group had been planning our JazzFest 2008 trip for about 6 months. We were going to stay at the Omni Royal Crescent but the rooms were too expensive so after reading the reviews on TA about the Hotel Monteleone we decided to stay here and we were very pleased. Check in was a breeze and they put us in adjoining rooms which were spacious. We were in rooms 1146 and 1145. 1145 was a corner room with two side being windows. The bathrooms were a little small but manageable. We paid $249 a night right off of their own website which was a good price for Jazz Fest weekend. The location is great! We especially liked the Walgreens right across the street to buy water and sunscreen except for Saturday when it rained all day. The carasoul bar is nice yet hard to find a seat. We ate at Mr. B's Bistro across the street the first night and had a wonderful meal. The pool was fun on the roof and they had a little pool bar up there too. The lobby is beautiful and the hospitality of everyone couldn't be nicer. I liked that they had a computer that you could print your plane boarding pass off on. All of our group were completely satisfied with the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>mdcawa
<Content>Good, but not great... The good: It's a beautiful hotel with a cool carousel bar and, if the French Quarter is your game, the location is pretty much perfect. Service was excellent and very accommodating, from behind the desk to the concierge. The gym was actually better than expected and the pool was pretty nice. It was closed on the day of arrival, so I can't give a full review. It had water! That's about it. But it looked like a great place to relax, up on the roof, with a nice view.The sorta bad: Loud! This is the fourth hotel I've stayed in in NO, to include two very cheap motels back in the day, and this was easily the loudest. I get the people returning from drunken revelry, and I can live with that, but hearing the X-rated grunts and groans from neighbors is a little much (the neighbors are as much to blame as the hotel on that one). I felt like I was on a San Fernando Valley movie set. Also, as mentioned to exhaustion, the rooms are microscopically small. After reading reviews, I purposely booked a deluxe room (supposedly larger and one promising a good view). I had to go back to the desk to confirm it was a deluxe room. It was.Still, it was a very nice hotel and very clean with a friendly staff. It provided a great central location to return to amid sightseeing and the lobby bar was a great place to hang out. So good, but not great.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>subtext
<Content>Seen better days We chose the Monteleone over the Omni after reading reviews that made them sound like comparable hotels.We reserved a deluxe room for four nights and at check in, requested the largest available but were told there weren't any larger rooms. Instead, we were given a tiny room right off the elevator. We were shocked to see the room. The furniture was shabby and damaged - we've stayed in Holiday Inn Expresses that were nicer. There was also a notice letting us know the pool would be closed the following day, so if we wanted to swim, we could walk over to the Omni and use its pool. We called the front desk to tell them of our disappointment with the room and were immediately moved to a new room. This room was larger but had very noticeable stains on the carpet and more damaged furniture. We couldn't believe a hotel that bills itself as four-star was this shabby.That evening we walked by the Omni Royal and decided to check out what we had passed up. The front desk staff quoted us a rate that was $20 a night cheaper than what we were paying at the Monteleone and showed us a roomy, clean, well-maintained room. ... When we got back to the Monteleone, we couldn't get into our room because the key card wouldn't work. My husband went downstairs to the front desk to have it fixed, came back up to the room and the card still wouldn't open the door. So he had to go back a second time. ... We decided we'd be checking out the next day and moving to the Omni. The Monteleone staff grudgingly let us go without charging us a second night as a penalty. But they wanted to know why we simply didn't ask them to move us to a THIRD room that might be move in line with our expectations.Over at the Omni, we had a great stay. The staff was fantastic. When we checked in, they gave our daughter a little backpack filled with toys and treats. The rooftoop pool and bar were great. ... We definitely recommend the Omni over the Monteleone, especially if you have kids....  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Sactoresident
<Content>Might return, might not..... Most of the previous reviews had it right. First the bad: the room was so small that when the dresser drawers were open, you could not walk past the bed. At the end of my first day, I returned at 4:30 PM after walking all day and found that the room was not made up. When I called housekeeping, they informed me that they had until 5 to make up the room and if I wanted early cleaning, I should schedule it. So for the next 3 days, I asked to have the room made up by 1 or 2 pm. And it worked - they got the message. But at a 4 star, you might expect turn down service, not a cheeky we have until 5 to clean your room.On the good side, everyone except housekeeping was helpful and pleasant. I arrived late, nearly 10 PM and checkin was prompt and efficient. The room was clean and the bathroom was large. The AC had a thermostat so you could turn it off/on and set the temp. The halls were quiet. It was a great location and felt very safe. There was an ATM in the hotel - very handy and a FREE Internet kiosk to print boarding passes and check flight status.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sweetlouBaltimore
<Content>Great location, but... We picked this hotel because the conference my wife was attending was headquartered there. The location was really fantastic, right on Royal and only a block from Bourbon. We were lucky enough to get one of the larger/newly renovated rooms. The room was clean and modern, but nothing to write home about. We saw the room of our not-so-lucky friends and it was extremely small with a tiny bathroom and ancient looking fixtures. On the plus side, the pool was a pleasant way to take a break from the day's activities--there is ample sun-bathing space and a pool-side bar. My biggest complaint was that we were not permitted to enter our room until 5pm. They stored our luggage, and there was obviously plenty to keep us busy around the French Quarter. But we arrived at the hotel from the airport at 11am. No one at the check-in desk was interested in making sure that we were placed in a first available room. We sat in the lobby watching people arrive at 3pm and promptly receive there key. I have never had to wait so long to get into my hotel room. Next time, I'll try a new place.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>CMMNYC
<Content>Value is in the location, not the tiny room Was exctied to stay at the Grande Dame of New Orleans hotel and sure enough it was a lovely property. Impressive lobby, nicely appointed.Location in the heart of the French Quarter was very convenient (watch the block between the hotel and Canal Street though, pretty gamey even to a NYer.)Booked a deluxe King sized room and can't imagine what was deluxe about it. Room was tiny (so tiny that amoire doors had to be pushed in so one could pass by -- there was about 12 inches between armoire and bed!) Small bathroom with cheap toiletries. Windows were painted shut, and impossible to open, deluxe room did not have a balcony Large HVAC unit outside the room hummed all night.On the plus side the hotel offers smoking rooms, has a good gym and a pretty roof top pool. Hard to put a finger on it, but overall was disappointing. Nice that it wasn't a chain or a flop house but was absolutely not worth price of $339 that we paid even with convenient location.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>Wabamik
<Content>Perfect Location We chose this from a list of conference hotels for its perfect location in the French Quarter. We found it good value for money and it has a bit of old world fading grandeur about it which is attractive in the splendid lobby but less welcome in the smallish slightly worn rooms and tiny bathroom. The minibar was poorly stocked (or maybe not to our taste). Inroom internet charges are ludicrously high--why do hotels charge for a service which costs them so little? But service was good, always friendly and the two concierges, Eva and Cleatter (yes that's how it was spelt; it's a Creole family name)were superbly helpful. Rooms were made up after lunch, too late in our view and there is no turn-down service or refreshing of towels. If you want your sheets changed you have to leave a card requesting it--with the usual 'spiel' that they're trying to be green: maybe, but it feels like they are trying to be cheap. Everyone raves about New Orleans cooking; we found it good if rich but a bit 'samey' in the well known spots. The Hunt Room in the Monteleone provides competent cooking in the genre. There are more atmospheric places. And if your head isn't spinning before a cocktail in the Carousel Bar it certainly will be afterwards, if only because your seat revolves around the bartender, but it's a popular spot and a bit of fun in this Grande Dame of a hotel. Overall we'd recommend and go back.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MirandaTravel
<Content>Highly Recommended !!! We just got back from a great 3 night stay at the Hotel Monteleone. Our suite was on the 4th floor without a view and very spacious. The room d茅cor was nothing spectacular but the attention to detail was impressive. Our room was spotless everyday, not one hair or bit of dust left behind. Also, there was nightly turn down service and little extras that made it seem a lot more like a 5 star hotel. The location was perfect if you do not want to be in the heart of Bourbon Street were it can get a little rowdy, but close enough to partake in the party if you chose too. The rooftop pool was small and it was difficult to secure a lounge chair but the gym was well equipped so that you would not have to wait to use the machines. Overall we had a great stay at and I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>rella2
<Content>No complaints Based on 3 different travel guides, I booked the Monteleone for my 12 year old son and me to stay 4 nights. I have no major complaints, but I caution anyone who reads those books to read the fine print; despite many glowing reviews about the newly renovated HUGE rooms, our room was so small that we literally had to move furniture in order to OPEN the suitcase. TINY. It was clean, it had a view of the Mississippi, and all worked well..but it was tiny. Front desk friendly but not entirely informed Other staff seemed kind of uninvested or not able to speak English, so communications were garbled. It's in a great place, it's got history, and it's clean and fine...but I never felt that anyone there had any clue who I was when I entered or any concern that I have a good time. I really don't want to sound too negative, but I guess I felt like a number in a place where I hoped for more. That said, we were never unhappy, and if I lived in a city that went thru Katrina , I wouldn't much care about the northern girl and her son, either. I wouldn't have trouble recommending the Hotel--I just was selfishly hoping for more.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>mjcat002
<Content>BAD, Hotel Monteleone On 03/21/08 had received a confirmation of our standard double room + free upgrade upon checkin via Book-it.com. This was pre-paid in full. On our arrival and attempted check-in at the Monteleone were abruptly and rudely told our booking agent overbooked and they did not have our room. Tine, the check in staff could not find accomodations to fit us. A self proclaimed front desk manager stepped in explained it was book-its fault they overbooked not the hotel. I tried to explain and show him we have a confirmation number. He did not want to listen, nor were we given any other room options. The only offer he gave would not have accomodated us. 2 adults, and an adult sized teen son, would not be able to stay in a standard room w/a roll away at an additional charge of 25.00 for the roll away. We left upset and angry. And are now fighting all involved to get our refund for a room we never stayed in. This is a travel Nitghmare !!! Now they saying we never arrived at the hotel, funny we have a dated picture of the clock in the lobby, and our luggage tickets from valet parking. This is not worth the trouble do not stay here!!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Quellman
<Content>Business and Pleasure       Pool with fitness room behind it, one conference room to the right.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ysolde
<Content>Loved the Monteleone A perfect experience! My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Monteleone. Our room was lovely, on the 14th floor, with a view of the river. While it was not huge, it was comfortable, and spacious enough for us to eat a (delicious) room service dinner on our first night there quite easily. The bed was surprisingly comfortable. The bathroom was also comfortable and roomy enough for both of us to use at once (with one person at the sink while another used the shower or tub). What sold us was the impressive view of the river, which took on a romantic life on its own at night (with thanks to Sting, oh, is there ever a moon over Bourbon Street, and over the Mississippi). If you get a chance, check out the lovely, heated pool (my husband went for a morning swim every morning).The staff was warm and helpful, and a particular thanks to Eva, the concierge, who was helpful at every turn. This is a beautiful hotel with character and history. The kind of place where the staff goes out of its way to learn your name and your tastes. It truly is the grande dame of the Quarter, and we will return.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EmmanLukesMum
<Content>Great Experience at the Monteleone-Not for the Budget Conscious My husband and I stayed the Hotel Monteleone in November of last year for a wedding. It was our second stay at the Monteleone and a really great experience. The hotel is beautiful and in a perfect location in the French Quarter, Bourbon Street is a short walk away, but far enough away that the noise won't keep you up at night. It is surrounded by beautiful art galleries, which are a wonderful distraction during the day. The hotel room itself is beautifully decorated, but very small. I would not recommend the Monteleone for anyone traveling with children (heck, I wouldn't recommend New Orleans for anyone traveling with children.) However, it is a very romantic hotel and perfect for a couple's getaway.Just one word of caution, don't go to the Monteleone without expecting to spend a lot of money. We had room service for breakfast one morning. Two simple breakfast entrees and a pot of coffee came to $52.00 including tip. Also, the Carousel Bar is definitely not for the budget consious. I ordered a glass of house wine and was surprised to see that their house wine is $13.00 a glass. I also hear that parking is very expensive, but we have never used a car in New Orleans.Overall, I would definitely recommend the Monteleone to anyone who is looking for a romantic getaway to New Orleans and doesn't mind paying for the experience. It is definitely worth it.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>freddy82
<Content>Tops for New Orleans Lovely historic hotel right smack in the French Quarter. Old time grandness with modern updates. Lovely rooftop swimming pool area and neat revolving bar. I have finally found my home away from home in N.O.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Suzanne&Laine
<Content>The most perfect hotel in the French Quarter! Before booking the Monteleone, I read that it was the Grand Dame of the French Quarter. What an apt description. This hotel is absolutely breaktaking. We just gasped when we entered the lobby. It's like being whisked back in time to the time of the Great Gatsby! No wonder so many notable writers took up residence here.The staff is incredible. So friendly, helpful - anything you need, any time - they are ready, with a smile and a fabulous attitude. The concierge was especially helpful in getting us where we wanted to go. The room was beautiful. Very small, which is an issue for some - but you need to remember that 100 years ago, that was the norm. A small room only adds to the character of an historic hotel. The decor is beautiful and the toiletries are fantastic. Be sure to ask for a river view!The Carousel Bar is a welcome retreat after a long day in the city and a long night ahead. The bartenders remembered our names (heh heh - can't imagine why) and were friendly and entertaining. I can't say a single negative thing about the Monteleone. I will only stay here whenever I am in New Orleans. It's is located in the best part of the quarter on Royal Street - sitting nicely on the sidelines of the action which is only a stone's throw away.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TayTay56
<Content>Loved Monteleone I went to New Orleans from Feb 15-18 of 2008. I was in New Orleans for All Star Weekend. This was my first time in New Orleans and certainly will not be the last.. I read quite a few reviews on this hotel as well as many photos. I must say that I was truly impressed with this hotel. Right in the downtown area of the French Quarter and one block over from the famous Burbon Street. The rooms were great and spacious, there were safes, nice thick bathrobes and very big windows looking out from the street (at least our room we stayed on the 4th floor Non-smoking floor). The rooms were clean and the cleaning staff was very courteous. Nice size bathrooms. The hotel lobby was elegant and just very relaxing. We had a rooftop pool, and a gym never made it there but a friend of mine said it was great and heated. The atmosphere was great the front desk was also very friendly (No Problems). There was a restaraunt on the main floor the Breakfast Buffet was great, alot of variety and not bad for the price.. Overall this experience was great I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alice23Norway
<Content>Lovely hotel with great location My husband and I arrived here right after Mardi Gras. It is a very nice hotel with friendly staff, good food in the restaurant, a nice bar and perfect location in the French Quarter. We really had a good time here. The room was small with no view, but that does not matter as we do not spend much time in there. The only problem was were to put our suitcases. There were room for one suitcase in a closet, which made it very difficult to hang clothes there. Another time we will ask for a bigger room.Carousel Bar in the lobby area is nice and a little fun that it is spinning slowly around. Bathroom was clean and nice, too little light though.Breakfast buffet (or menu if you preferred to order) was very good and so was the service. The only people that did not seem to bother so much, was in fact the people at the reception desk. They did not smile, they did not look at us, did not talk to us, they just pressed the buttons on their computers when we appoached them with some issue.This hotel also has a nice pool and garden on the roof. We sat there and relaxed a couple of times. Had a nice view of the city as well.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>Historybuff52
<Content>Beautiful historic hotel My husband and I had stayed at the Hotel Monteleone in the early 1980s, and it wasn't a very good experience, so we were amazed by the vast improvements that have been made since then. The hotel now is lovely and well-maintained, and the staff people we encountered were unfailingly friendly and helpful. Our room wasn't large, but it was very well-appointed. I was in New Orleans for a conference, held at the Hotel Monteleone, and I was especially impressed by the quality of the food served in meetings and, even more, by the level of service. In addition, the hotel is in a great location for visitors who want to explore the French Quarter.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>momof4inmd
<Content>Great Location, Nice hotel We came in after Mardi Gras to celebrate our anniversary. This was our 1st trip to NOLA. This hotel is beautiful and has a lot of history. It also has a unique bar, Carousel. The room wasn't very big but we didn't spend a whole lot of time in the room anyway. The shower/tub was rather large for as small as the bathroom was and the water pressure was great. The only negative to our room that some may be upset about would be the view....there was none, unless you like to look at the tops of other buildings. The concierge helped us numerous times. The location of this hotel is perfect in that we were able to walk just about everywhere. There was a small issue between the doorman and the taxi service when we were leaving that was a little uncomfortable but it didn't delay us very long. We would definitely consider staying here in the future if we were able to get another good deal.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>AdirondackAdventurer
<Content>True French Flavor in the Quarter Without question and excellent hotel with quality staff and ornate property with flare and panache. A must on your trip to N'awlins.........  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>fazoolynj
<Content>Loved the Monteleone My husband and I stayed at the Monteleone just prior to the start of Mardi Gras. The staff was gracious and friendly, the room small, but clean, with a great view of the Mississippi River. The Carousel Bar is a must see. Overall, I would definitely stay at the Monteleone on our next trip to NOLA.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrlDsguise
<Content>Would stay again in a minute Just back from Mardi Gras where I spent four nights at the Monteleone. Location was perfect, close to Canal and Boubon (a block from each) but still on a fairly quiet block. Beautiful old hotel, very nicely furnished, friendly staff. Our deluxe king bedroom was fairly small but not tiny. The rotating carousel bar was remarkable - so was the fact that Pete Fountain and his band stopped by and played on Fat Tuesday. I would definitely stay there again especially for Mardi Gras.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ITguyinTN
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We went to New Orleans to work on some company equipment nearby and stayed 4 nights. Check-in was very fast and with a friendly staff. I got up to my hotel room and it was clean, but very small. I had a king size bed that took up most of the room. I didn鈥檛 mind that too much since I was not there most of the time. The view out the windows was a wall but again I was not there to stay in the room. Getting the car each morning was quicker than I had expected after reading some of the other reviews. We were on our way each morning with about a 5 minute wait. One block off of Bourbon Street made the location great. The only minor negatives I can say was the view and the size of the room. Overall, we had a great time.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>baltochick
<Content>Nice stay - great location I stayed at the Monteleone twice in 2007. One was for a work conference and the other for a weekend get a way with my husband. On both occasions I found the rooms very nice (not large) and the staff accommodating. On the trip with my husband, I made a mistake regarding what type of room/bed I wanted. The front desk was able to accommodate our request and switch our room. This type of service is great to have - when so many front desk personnel at other locations can be rude. The location of the hotel is superb for those who want to be very close to Bourbon street but do not want to be kept up all night due to the noise on Bourbon street.If I had to make one suggestion to improve my ranking of the hotel it would be the concierge. Having been there twice and for stays more than 2 nights - the concierge appeared more interested in plugging some of the high end places rather than making recommendations for the moderate budget. (And let's face it you can only eat so much.)  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CSquaredC2
<Content>Nice hotel... considering it's a block off Bourbon Street This was my first trip to New Orleans and I was there for the BCS game. The hotel was nice, staff was pleasant, although the rooms were small - but that's city life. The elevators remain very busy - sometimes it took us 3 or 4 cars to get on one. The location is central to everything though and all sorts of transportation. Bourbon Street is a block away and depending on what side of the hotel you're in, you'll have a view and hear some of the noise during the busy season. And because of the location and busy-ness, you feel okay walking late at night. And with Bourbon Street right there, people are up all hours. Nice perk - there is a Walgreens right on the corner - it's open until about 10.I still don't know what to make of New Orleans. Bourbon Street was not really my scene, but some of the other parts had some cool history.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>buktrvlr
<Content>Great Stay at Hotel Monteleone We stayed at the Monteleone for the National Championship Game. Unfortunately the Buckeyes lost but we enjoyed our stay. The location was excellent, close to Bourbon St and Decataur St. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>mebetutu
<Content>Love This Hotel!!! I was fortunate enough to be able to stay at this lovely hotel for several nights each, within a few months period of time for two different conferences. The first conference was for a large group of blind people. The hotel went out of their way accomodating everyone and training their staff in some of the needs of blind folks, making sure obstacles were not in the way, helping people in the restaurants, etc. The kindnesses shown by everyone at the hotel were amazing! Then when I arrived a few months later, the doorman remembered me!! Wow! was I impressed! The location is wonderful for the French Quarter, walking distance to anywhere. even Harrahs Casino and all the fun places around there. The Carousel bar is a fun place to start the evening or end the evening. Last time I was in New Orleans, I had to stay at the Sheraton on Canal Street and it was just like being in any big chain hotel in any city. Not like the Hotel Monterleone with its historical character and wonderful caring staff. I did not have a car but I understand that having to park a car is very expensive and time consuming.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brneyes514
<Content>Average, but historic and good location for Bourbon Street This was our first trip to New Orleans and probably our last. It was just not our cup of tea. We arrived late at night after driving for hours in the pouring rain. The weather was unseasonably cold for our October stay. We hadn't eaten and were directed to a family friendly restaurant on Bourbon Street, well within walking distance. The food was excellent, but this restaurant as well as most decent ones in New Orleans were really over priced. We stayed for two nights at the Hotel Monteleone and ate at one of Emeril's restaurants a few blocks from the hotel. Although a nice experience, it was close to $100 for two of us and it was nothing spectacular. His other New Orleans restaurant would have cost us $100 per person - outrageous!The hotel Monteleone for us was average. The room was on the small size with a nice view of the harbor. It was nice watching the barges, but the bathroom was also very small and the mattresses were terrible. The breakfast buffet (not included) was excellent with a lot of hot choices as well as cereals and fresh fruit. The staff were nice, the hotel was clean, well located and the decor was very nice and historic. If you want to be close to Bourbon Street, this would be a good option.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	5	2	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>globe_walker74
<Content>Perfect blend of history        New Orleans Monteleone Christmas  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>bdesmart
<Content>Great weekend at the Hotel Monteleone Its location in the French Quarter is outstanding...right in the middle of it all and only one block off of Bourbon Street. The history of the hotel is evident in its beautiful lobby and the Carousel Bar. Rooms are relatively small, as one would expect in a 125 year old hotel. Bathrooms are also small but nicely furnished with marble tile and lots of mirrors. I cannot speak to the hotel's restaurants or room service...why eat hotel food in NOLA?!?  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>astbear
<Content>Monteleone okay but... Stayed at the Monteleone 2 nights before Christmas cruise. Unlikely to stay again (read Cons). Pros:Check in a breeze. Friendly staff. Rooms clean, small, but cozy. Great location in French Qtr - everything within walking distance. Wonderful appearance of a grand hotel. Beautiful view and comfortable sitting area and pool on roof.Cons:Parking is non-existent. Be prepared to pay daily storage $30/day +. Room service poor - did not bring requested breakfast two mornings in a row even after taking the request to the front desk. Retrieving car a nightmare. Normally at luxury hotels one can call the valet to have the car ready at check out to avoid needless delay. We were told to check out first then walk to the garage and wait with a large group of other guests. It took 50 minutes of waiting in the cold for my car. What was supposed to be 1st come 1st served - was not. I guess I should have thought to slip a 10 or 20 spot to someone to get moved to the front of the line. Summary - I doubt I will stay at the Monteleone again There are too many other choices. I will probably stay at the bigger chain hotels at the edge of the French Qtr.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	5	3	2	

<Author>Bumpkinsnana
<Content>Grand Hotel, Great Experience After a year of research, my husband and I chose this hotel and stayed for 2 nights in December 2007, after a cruise. This one of the most beautiful rooms I have ever stayed in, and we have travelled alot. We had a suite upgrade, courtesy of the Hotel. Tastefully decorated, huge 2 room suite with a jacuzzi tub and second powder room. Quiet location on the eighth floor with a river view. The staff was courteous and helpful - the front desk, bellman, wait staff, and housekeeping. My husband and I had spa treatments - very enjoyable. I would say this is the Grand Dame of New Orleans accomodations. We can't way to come back !!!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelVal
<Content>My New Favorite Hotel in New Orleans I've stayed at just about every hotel in the French Quarter and I have to say the Hotel Monteleone wins for best 'all-around'. It is situated in the perfect spot, just one block from Bourbon Street on Royale. You're right across the street from Mr. B's Bistro, one of the best restaurants in town, and just down the street from Acme Oyster Co. Royale is lined with great antique shops and you're only a short walk to Jackson Square, the Riverwalk and Canal St. The Monteleone's lobby is really beautiful, especially during Christmas, and we met some wonderful people - and bartenders - at the famous revolving Carousel Bar. if you don't mind paying $15 for a martini, a GREAT martini, it's worth a look. Our room was on the 14th floor and we had a view of the river. It was super clean, well appointed and supplied Caswell-Massey soaps  shampoos. The king-sized bed was super comfy.The staff was prompt and super courteous, our room was cleaned every day and best of all no one came knocking when we slept in until 11am!Overall, I highly recommend the Hotel Monteleone and we will stay there during our next visit.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>briannan
<Content>Very nice hotel, exceeded expecations I was resistant to staying at this hotel after I saw that the J.W. Marriott had an amazing rate that same weekend. However, we missed the cancellation deadline, so we kept this reservation. The desk clerk at check in was extremely nice, and upgraded us to a larger room than we would have had otherwise. This may have made a difference to my overall experience if we had been in the small room. The only downside is that we were right by the elevator and ice machine. I noticed the ice machine noise a few times in the morning, but it wasn't bad at all.When I first walked in, I noticed a kind of wet smell to the room, the kind of smell common to post-Katrina areas. However, I never noticed the smell again.The rooms were spotless, and looked newly decorated. The wallpaper, curtains, and carpets were flawless. The beds were heavenly and soft (as good as a Westin). My friend and I could barely get ourselves up out of bed. Bathrooms were nice and spotless as well. Great location, close to shopping, restaurants, and Bourbon street. I noticed some complaints about noise in other reviews, but our floor seemed very quiet. Granted, we were out until 3 in the morning both nights...so we may have missed some of it.I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CPandthekids
<Content>Crowded but cozy I stayed one night for a business meeting at the hotel. The room was small but clean and comfortable. Not luxurious but better than average. I didn't hear any noise and slept well, however a few others in our group staying on different floors complained about late-night parties in rooms and corridors.The actual meeting room was too small for our group - we had to add tables and chairs despite having told them in advance what we needed. The promised coffee service didn't arrive in the morning until we asked several times. They served us breakfast and lunch the food was above average.The lobby was usually crowded and I had to stand in line to check in, check out, and leave my bags with the bellhops since I arrived before the room was ready.Nice location for walking around the French Quarter - lots of shops and restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>felinefrenz
<Content>Greatly improved, the Monteleone My previous experiences with the Monteleone were a little disappointing. But, after re-modeling, I will stay there again. The rooms were beautiful and it is in a great location. A+++ Staff is quite cordial.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>flwrpeep
<Content>Great French Quarter Hotel Great hotel. Excellent location. The double-deluxe room we had was small, but very clean. Nice marble bathroom. The only problem we had was with getting hand towels and washcloths. We had only one hand towel the entire 3 nights we were there, and there were similar problems with washcloths. Housekeeping promised to deliver some, but never did.We'd booked 3 1/2 months ahead of time and requested a river view room, but did not receive one. The staff was a little snippy about it. Otherwise, we did enjoy our stay in the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAGIRL74
<Content>WONDERFUL STAY The Hotel Monteleone is a gem in the heart of the French Quarter - the rooms are spacious and clean. Remodeled bathrooms with marble and great linens and bedding. Staff is responsive and courteous -- walking distance from everything! I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Travmagic
<Content>Great time in the French Quarter! We stayed here in November for a long weekend.I was so impressed with this hotel. It is hard to believe it is as old as it is. After some initial confusion with our rooms, we were very happy with the condition of the rooms and the hotel. Everything was spotless. In one word I would say magnificent. Service was great also. I can't say anything about the food since we never ate there. Rooftop pool is very pretty and the view is awesome.I also couldn't get over how spotlessly clean the French Quarter was. We walked all over and many time we would pass people sweeping and cleaning.Bourbon Street is a lot of fun. We will go back since there are lot's of things we didn't get to do. And we will stay at the Hotel Monteleone again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wownola
<Content>Loved It! After leaving one hotel earlier that day due to its substandard quality, the Hotel Monteleone was a wonderful upgrade. The hotel is rich with history, in an ideal location in the French Quarter, provided quality, professional service, and was overall well worth the price. Having stayed in many hotels in New Orleans, this would be my favorite. While the tourism in New Orleans is still lower than it years pre-Katrina, it is well worth the trip. Would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DazzaMeg
<Content>Wonderful location What a hotel,Looks so appealing from the street, nice old building. Then you walk inside and wow. Very graceful.Staff great and very helpful.Rooms a nice size and very well appointed. Had a nice veiw over roof tops and onto the Mississippi River.Elevators location can bit a confusing. 3 different shafts bring you out at different places on the lobby floor.Roof top pool is fun and a great view. Gym is average but you can get a desent work out.The hotel location can't be beat. One block from Burbon Street in the middle of the French Quarter. And within easy strole of the river and shopping areas.If you go make sure you venture (in car or bus) to parts still effect by the hurricane. It is amazing the damage it caused.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>kawh
<Content>Monteleone Hotel, New Orleans... Perfect Location, Nice Rooms, a Winner! I can't think of a better location, unless you have a view of the river... one very quiet and upscale block off Burbon Street . The hotel was very clean and nicely decorated in a modern New Orleans style. We had lovely arched windows (7th floor, facing front) and, though we were near the elevator, it was very quiet. (previous posts have said it was noisy... it simply wasn't for us.) The concierge was very helpful and there was always someone posted at the door to help you in or out. Didn't eat there... but ate across the street at Mr. B's Bistro, which was full with local lunchers-- brought in by really good food and $1.50 martinis or bloody marys m-f. Can't beat that!I don't think there are many hotels in New Orleans with outdoor pools--- theirs is on the roof and it is just lovely. What a treat to lounge there in the early afternoon. (However, the air conditioning units can be heard by the pool... so it wasn't perfection--- but quite close.) We loved the Monteleone. We will absolutely stay there next time we are in New Orleans.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LawMomof2
<Content>Not for the business traveler Despite the quaint nature and long tradition of this hotel, it is not for business travelers. I stayed at the Hotel Monteleone as part of a business convention. The room was neat and clean, although during a 4 night stay I did not once get fully stocked amenities. One day, towels provided were ripped and stained. Internet connection in the room is by wire only, and works fine. Wireless in the lobby is spotty at best. The biggest problem is that once you pay for internet access in your room, you do not get access in the hotel's meeting rooms. So while I was there for business, during the meetings I attended I was unable to access the internet. Also, they do not have enough staff at this point. Long waits to get help to check in or at the bell station. I had booked a shuttle to the airport, and the bellman told me to wait in the lobby (since it was raining) and they would come in and call me when it arrived. 20 minutes after the reservation time, I checked with the bellman and he said it never arrived. But when I called the shuttle, they said the shuttle had come and left because I was not there. Staff was particularly unhelpful at that point.So, while this is probably a good hotel for a vacation spot -- it is located a block off Bourbon Street in the French Quarter -- it is not ready for the business traveler.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>cmcfong
<Content>Best pool view in NOLA My husband and I stayed at the Monteleone for four nights. Our room was a king room. While well furnished, the room was very small. As I was there on business, I needed to use my laptop and it got very cramped. The hotel provides internet connections in the room at $10.00 per day. Parking is $30-36 per day depending on vehicle size. The location is excellent. The Carousel Bar is very appealing and nice, however the street view was blocked for the entire time of my stay by construction repair equipment. Frankly for me the prettiest spot in the hotel was on the rooftop. The pool is small but adequate, there is a snack service till around 7:00 pm, and plenty of chairs. The view is spectacular. Sunset was a particularly nice time to sit up there. We went up one evening around 10:00 and were unceremoniously ushered out. When they close the pool, they close the whole rooftop. The fitness rooms were very well equipped and nice. The common rooms were attractively furnished and quite nice. The desk staff and doormen were pleasant but not terribly useful when directions or information was sought. Apparently many are new arrivals to the City. The concierges were both helpful.There was a bit of a downside. Housekeeping was not great. We found dark hair on our sheets the first night. The sheets also were very worn and had holes. The second day we found cracker packages and crumbs on our toothbrushes. Yuck! The beds are too soft and not terribly comfortable. Those with rooms below the 7th floor reported a lot of noise audible from the street.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	4	3	1	

<Author>eastosceola
<Content>wonderful stay I stayed her for a convention Oct.7 - 11th. The hotel is right in the French Quarter with restaraunts, bars, shops, art galleries, and antique shops close to the hotel.Hotel highlights: perfect location, beautiful quaint lobby, carousel bar (center of bar rotates), garden rooftop pool, new fitness center, lavishly appointed bathrooms, historical charm (many writers over the last century have stayed at and wrote about the Monteleone - Ernest Hemingway, Tennessee Williams, Truman Capote, Steven Ambrose, among others). Since it is an old hotel - the rooms are on the small size: you can think of it as European style charm. The furnishings in the rooms are also more antique style versus the modern feel and look of a Marriott/Sheraton chain. Some people may like this others may not.Great seafood and raw bars at Red Fish and Bourbon Street restaurants - all just a block from the hotel.I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>80sgurl
<Content>I would go back. I stayed here just this past weekend; I loved the hotel and have nothing but positive things to say about it. The location was great for walking to Bourbon street. The staff was very kind and informative about all of our inquires. The beds were heaven and walls seem to be on the thick side-which is a plus. The only thing that was annoying was the plastic room key. We had to call for someone to let us in the rooms on more than one occation, but they were very prompt about coming to let us in. That alone will not deter me from visiting again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	-1	5	4	

<Author>ditto9
<Content>I have to go back! I visited New Orleans for work but arrived a couple days ahead to see the city. I had the best time. The hotel is simply beautiful. The staff is the friendliest I鈥檝e ever seen! Very attentive and courteous. The carrousel bar is great...try the nutty Irishman coffee, its great! Didn't get an opportunity to visit the restaurants in the hotel as most of our meals were catered in the meeting rooms. But if the food is as good as what they made for us then you have to try it!The city of New Orleans is just wonderful! We partied all night on Bourbon St. which is walking distance from the hotel. And yes, it is safe. Just use common sense as you would when traveling anywhere. We did the haunted tour and the cemetery tour. It was very informative and shows you all the history in this city. As a travel professional myself, I would recommend this hotel and this city in a heart beat. It's one of those places where you just have to experience it to truly appreciate it. After what this city has been through, it鈥檚 amazing to see how well they are doing and how eager they are to have us as their guests. I will definitely go back...soon!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jlhc99
<Content>OK but not great We just returned from a 4 night stay at The Monteleone. I found a great deal through Travelzoo of $95/nt for Sat.-$85/nt for Sun.-Wed. and was really looking forward to our stay, especially after reading some of the reviews on this site. Our reservation was for a Superior room; however we were upgraded to a Riverview Salon as this was an anniversary celebration.On our arrival, our room was on the 3rd floor and our Riverview was that of the building next door, literally 5 feet from our window; however being that we had requested a smoking room, we assumed this was the designated floor so not a big issue. The staff had a bottle of champagne waiting for us which we thought a nice touch. The room itself was adequate in terms of size; however one side of the bed was literally almost up against the window, leaving space for only one nightstand on one side. Again, not a huge issue; however it would have been nice if both of us could have had space for our reading material, glasses, etc. So be it, this is an old hotel with rooms in varying shapes and sizes. The bed itself was not comfortable to sleep on - mattress was lumpy and the pillows were tiny.The bathroom was awesome. Glass enclosed shower with terrific water-pressure, and a separate jacuzzi tub, double vanity sinks. The towels were adequate; however not great in terms of size.In terms of my complaints about this hotel:1. Service of the staff is lackluster. Once we had finished our champagne, the bucket and empty bottle remainded in our room for 2 days - when we put it in the hallway, it took another 24 hours for someone to pick it up. Same with our room service tray from dinner one evening - it stayed in the hallway for a day and a half. Our maid removed our bathrobes with the used towels one morning, and a call to housekeeping for new ones was met with a surly reply of, did you hang them on the back of the bathroom door? Another time, our ice bucket was not emptied, so we did it ourselves only to find some hair under the plastic liner - we called to get a new plastic liner, along with some extra in room coffee packets, and the reply on the other end of the line was like we had asked for something out of the ordinary. 2. Face to face service was no better - those darn plastic key cards failed to work on a few occasions and upon asking the front desk staff to redo them, we were met with indifferent attitudes about doing so. At NO time did anyone on the staff smile, say thank you, and/or excuse me during our stay. Doormen are too busy chatting with people (especially women headed out for the evening) to open doors or help hail cabs.3. Do not touch any items in the mini-bar unless you are willing to pay right away as the hotel has a sensory charge system. At those prices anyway, it is better to go to the Walgreens on the next block to buy sodas and munchies.4. Asthetically, the hotel's lobby and public areas are lovely and well maintained. Rooms however may be a different matter. Ours had a nice hole in the wall from someone opening the bathroom door a little too hard - a simple door stopper could have prevented that from happening. Walls are paper thin - so much so that we were treated one night to our neighbors high TV volume while they were watching a pay per view pornographic movie. In all honesty, since Katrina I am certain the hotel may have issues in finding the staff it deserves, especially since many people have never returned and others are reluctant to move there. It is a shame, as NOLA is a great place, and dependant on tourism/convention revenue for a major source of income.Would we stay here again? Probably so for the price we paid; however this is not a 5* hotel in my opinion and the thought of paying top $$ during high season (Mardi Gras, Jazz Fest, etc.) would definetely steer our business to another property.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>KelleyinAustin
<Content>Great Value - Definitely will return! My mother and I stayed at the Monteleone in late September for 2 nights. I loved this hotel and I am very discriminating. The lobby is beautiful and the rooms are decorated with traditional antiques. I was very pleasantly surprised with how small the hotel felt given that it is one of the largest in the Quarter. There were no issues with noise or overcrowding / poor service. We had a deluxe king and I was concerned it was going to be cramped but it was not at all. The furnishing were very tasteful and the bathroom was elegant and of adequate size. The location was prime, the staff and bar were great. We encountered one minor issue when trying to rent a movie in our room but a staff member was sent immediately to fix it and I was very pleased with the time in which they responded. Budget tip - book through the hotel directly for great savings. Also, there is a Walgreens right around the corner for those wanting to avoid the high cost of sodas in the room ($3 a can). I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a stay at a 4 star hotel. I was very, very pleased and would definitely go back. Enjoy your stay!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reiskash
<Content>Wondeful Stay!A++ This place is great. It was my new wife and I first time in New Orleans and we did not know what to expect. We flew in late at night and took a cab to the hotel. While driving past some of the other French Quarter hotels, we became nervous of what to expect out of ours. But once we arrived, we were pleasantly surprised. The hotel is beautiful. The lobby was very elegant, and the room was as well. We loved everything about our hotel(location, service, etc). Our friends stayed at the W two streets over for double what we paid and our room was so much nicer. Definitely stay here, you will be happy.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>btowndude
<Content>Pleasant Visit I just returned from a five night convention stay at the Monteleone, September 5-10. I was a solo traveler in a Deluxe Double with plenty of room. It would have been cramped, if there were more than two persons in the room. The convention food was very good. The a/c in the ballroom and meeting rooms made us unaware of the heat and humidity until we went out at night. The rooftop pool was nice for an early morning swim. The gym is open 24/7. The business center charges $7 to just check your email. The city was free wireless internet service, so bring your laptop. With the exception of the reservation and front desk clerks, the hotel staff was friendly and quick to help. Because of a flight delay, I checked in close to midnight. I had asked for a higher room with non-allergenic bedding - these were options on their website reservation page. I was given a ninth floor floor facing the street with eight down pillows and bed coverings. It was disappointing that the front desk clerks can not read or refuse to honor reservation requests. The housekeeping staff was able to remedy the bedding problem. I did notice, however, that my colleagues who checked in the next day got rooms on higher floors. As we entered or exited the elevator, it was also noticeable that persons of color were assigned the lower floors. Since there were very few others on my floor, I did not hear any neighbors whispering next door. Street noise was only noticeable on Saturday night when the hip hop music was blaring from the street cruisers. Mr. B is located in the same block as the hotel; Cafe Beignet and Brennans were also on Royal about two blocks away. It was a long walk to the French Market Place or Canal Place. And it was verrrry loong down dark streets after a night of drinking at my favorite clubs which were on the other side of the French Quarter. ;) I liked this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	1	5	4	

<Author>onegoldiecat
<Content>Fantastic vacation!!!! We stayed at the Hotel Monteleone Aug 26-30 and it was wonderful. The staff was friendly and helpful, room was clean and well equipped. We went to the spa for a massage and Brigette was professional and gave a relaxing treatment. We were extremely happy with our stay!!!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>tombo521
<Content>Not good, not bad Why I didn't like the place:1) Stained carpets, makes for bad impression on first entrance into the room2) Was promised a high floor with a view, got a back alley with garbage bins lining the alley3) No hot water. I asked to change rooms was told there was nothing else.4) Paper thin walls. I heard my neighbors whispering.5) One day, the maids forgot to leave clean towels.6) New Orelans has FREE internet access for the whole French Quarter provided by Earthlink -- it's a City Service. The Hotel Monteleone charged me $9.99 per day without informing me of this. I felt it was lying by ommission.7) Doormen too busy chatting and talking to open doors.8) Slowest elevators in the world. If you have plans, add 15 minutes to your deadline.9) Hotel guests would put their dirty room service trays outside the door and the trays would sit there for 24 hours. I took photos, but decided not to post them.10) Tiny rooms.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>MrEdit0r
<Content>A step above the rest I have to say that the Hotel Monteleone was top notch, we enjoyed our stay there thoroughly. The staff was very helpful, excluding a few stuffy staff members, I find it funny that a desk clerk could be stuffy. Aside from a few staff members being stuffy, they and the others were very helpful. We loved Annette at front desk, also the bartender at the pool, the regular one not the fill in, he had literally no personality. Most of the staff are very helpful, and went out of their way to accommodate our requests, including a room switch. The location of hotel is perfect, right next to all action, you're not caught in the middle of Bourbon St craziness. Food was to die for, we went several places Deanie's Fresh Seafood, affordable and yummy...ACME oyster House, love this place, get the Charbrioled oysters...killer, Tujuaqes, a great deal set price range from 32-39 dollars a plate, but includes everything 5 courses fine dining, casual dress OK though. Gotta have beniets at Cafe Dumond, and Great Jazz at Reservation hall, and a nice little courtyard at Cafe Beniet on Bourbon St after 6pm jazz, food and drinks. We will highly recommend Hotel Montleone for its beauty, class and location. We'll be back for sure  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>wshlew
<Content>Book Monteleone       french quarter  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Daffodilly
<Content>Good FQ option We had a very nice night at the Monteleone. The location is excellent and the room was clean and quiet. We did not have a view but we slept like rocks. I prefer a quiet room over one with a window on the French Quarter street noise. If you call thirty mintues before needing your car it should be there for you.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>LBLV
<Content>Monteleone is an authentic New Orleans experience My husband and I just returned from a great stay at this hotel for our 20th anniversary. We got to the hotel early and tried to check in but our room was not ready. They secured our bags and we were able to check in about an hour early. The front desk was a bit aloof but I wouldn't hold that against the hotel. We eventually got a Riverview suite on the 15th floor that was amazing. The hotel had a special for the month and the price was over $500.00 less than the normal rate. The suite was clean, the bed was great, and the turn down service a nice touch. We used room service for chocolate covered strawberries that were to die for and champagne. I gave them a delivery time while were out and they were waiting for us upon our return.The pool was nice and relaxing and the bar seemed very friendly.We had a drink in the carousel bar and listened to the piano man, you felt transported to another era.We both used the spa my husband had a full body which he rated as one of the best in his life, and I had reflexology. I was not impressed with my service, it was just a message not true reflexology.This hotel thrives becuase it is old school. The doorman opens the door and greets you. The feeling is of a family. The workers love being there and it shows. They treat you as a person not a number. If you are looking for a chain experience try the Ritz, but if you want to have an amazing New Orleans experience this is your place. We walked the French Quarter every night dined at Cafe Beignet down the street each morning. You felt like you were in a movie when life was different but beautiful. I give this trip and hotel an A.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>AnnW8
<Content>Ok for a short visit Spent 3 nights here recently and that was enough. Our room was very small and dark and needed the light on most of the time - with a view of a brick wall. You had to crane your neck to see the sky! However, the bathroom was lovely and the bed was extremely comfortable. They serve a very good value buffet breakfast with everything you good possibly want.I must mention the Concierge who was a lovely charming lady and helped us to find out way around. The staff on the door were also great and one of them recommended the Orleans Cafe on Decateur which was a good restaurant, as we were disappointed to see that the main one in the hotel was closed for the whole of August!!We loved New Orleans and found the local people to be very friendly and helpful, in particular the taxi driver who took us to the airport. We thoroughly enjoyed the river trip on the Nanchez. We were well located for Bourbon Street but were a but disappointed that we didn't hear jazz coming from every quarter whilst walking in the evenings.We would not hesitate to return to New Orleans and, but would choose the Monteleone again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Aggie05
<Content>Adequate, Not Extravagant Our first impression of the hotel was not a positive one. We had been assured that morning that an early check-in would be fine; however, upon arrival we were summarily dismissed by the less-than-friendly front desk clerk. Throughout our stay, the front desk ladies were rude and condescending. It was almost as if they were doing us a favor just by showing up--heaven forbid we expected them to do their jobs.That being said, the hotel met our needs otherwise. The rooftop pool was a nice diversion, and the fitness room was excellent (and virtually deserted). The room was clean and acceptable, with the exception of the extremely old mattress which folded around us like a taco when we lay down. If you're looking for a clean and convienent hotel in the French Quarter, this is a good bet. If you're looking for a five star luxury experience...keep looking.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	1	2	3	

<Author>l0ve2travel2007
<Content>Good hotel, never park at their garage!! The hotel was nice, I had no problems with the room. However, when it came to parking, they charge you $30.00 per day extra and I waited for my car about an HOUR when I was leaving. The lady was in charge of parking kept telling us next car would be ours everytime I asked. After 40 minutes of waiting, I went and talked to the hotel attendant. Her exact words were what do you want me do about it? Just because of this experience I would never stay at this hotel again. If you stay at this hotel I would not recommend parking at their garage. You can park one block down for the same price and can get your car right away.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LT23
<Content>Great hotel, great location! We stayed at the Monteleone for a quick getaway vacation. They had fanatastic rates for early August (we found the weather to be no warmer than our hometown), and it was recommended to us by a friend. We would definitely stay there again in a heartbeat! It's a close walk to Bourbon Street, Jackson Square, everywhere you'd want to go in the French Quarter and a quick cab ride to anywhere else. You really couldn't ask for a better place in terms of location. The staff was okay, not above average customer service, but the concierge was wonderful and had great suggestions for everything we wanted to do. We were in a Superior level room, and while we initially thought it was a little small it ended up being quite a nice amount of space. Their beds are unbelievably comfortable!! The bathrooms were a good size as well. Well-kept, clean rooms, and nice elegant decor. The rooftop pool and gym were fantastic, a gorgeous little getaway in the heart of the city. Overall, a fabulous hotel in a great location, somewhere we felt very fortunate to be staying as we headed home each night. A few suggestions: check out the hotel's website directly for booking, as that's where we found best rate by far. Take a lot of cash with you, many places (especially food and drink places) don't take credit cards. And stop by K-Paul's Kitchen for the best bread pudding you'll ever have!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>IrishFan
<Content>Fantastic Property! I would return here in a heartbeat! I stayed for two nights here as part of a long weekend trip to New Orleans.From the minute I walked in I liked the place. Only downside was being told that the room wasn't ready and I was asked to leave a cell phone number and they would call when it was ready...great idea, except no one ever called. I just hung out in the neighborhood and went back 2 hours later and the room was ready.And what a room! I went for a Vieux Carre suite because the summer rates on them were reasonable. Separate sitting room with a powder room, lots of closet space, large bathroom with a jetted tub and separate glass shower...very nice! I had a corner suite on the 15th floor with windows overlooking the river and the quarter as well as a bit of downtown.Carousel Bar was unique and fun. Breakfast at Le Cafe was just ok, it was fairly basic considering the rest of the property. A Sunday breakfast buffet in a big hotel HAS to have a cook making omelettes, not just scrambled eggs in a vat! I just went to the pool for a look see. Nice space, on the roof. But absolutely packed with lots of kids and no open loungers. About what I'd expect on a Saturday afternoon in August, but it would have been nice to maybe relax with a drink or a book for an hour or two up there if it hadn't been a mob scene.My 5th trip to New Orleans, my 3rd post-Katrina. The only downside is I'm spoiled now by the Monteleone and I really can't afford during busier periods in the year!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>B.G._Chicago
<Content>Absolutely gorgeous! We stayed at the Hotel Monteleone for a quick weekend trip (8/3/07 - 8/5/07), and were completely amazed at the great experience we had at the hotel. The hotel is gorgeous, and it's only one block away from Bourbon Street. We felt extremely safe at night. The room was comfortable and clean. Also, there is a great pool on the roofdeck which was an added plus after spending a hot day out on the town. The concierge also suggested two tours for us - the cemetary/voodoo tour and Cajun Encounters. Both were very informative and fun, although the cemetary/voodoo tour was really hot due to the glaring August sun. New Orleans is a wonderful town with great food, bars, and especially people. What they need now more than anything is more tourists to contribute money to their economy. We cannot wait to come back to the Hotel Monteleone again!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Splnkr
<Content>Wonderful stay at Hotel Monteleone! For our third visit to the French Quarter (and our first since Katrina) we decided to stay at Hotel Monteleone. Our last stay saw us at the LePavillon. We would have stayed there again, but we were unsure about having to walk so many blocks so often. We had heard that security after dark was not as good as it used to be; this turned out to be false. As it was, Hotel Monteleone was every bit as nice as the LePavillon, and smack dab in the center of all Veux Carre! We experienced zero security issues.Our drive in, and down I-10, showed us just a hint of the damage from Katrina. Once we exited onto Orleans Avenue, there was no sign of the hurricane. Miraculously, and even though the danged FQ street signs are on the wrong side for easy viewing, we drove right into the Montelone parking garage. We liked the fact there was a parking facility, even though it cost us $27/day. Once secured, we grabbed our luggage (if they ask if you need help getting to your room, say yes) and headed for the Desk. We booked our rooms straight on Hotel Monteleon website, for $99.00/109.00 a night (we arrived on Thursday). Check-in was easy, and the clerk was very polite. The Concierge is right up front, too, if you need anything. The lobby was grand to say the least. The room was small but immaculate. The furnishing were a tad cramped in our standard king room. You had to practically slide sideways to get between the bed and TV/entertainment system! Still, other than for sleep, who comes to New Orleans to lay around a hotel room;-)? The view of the air conditioning system out the window was even nice. Now, back to the cleanliness. You could eat your soup right out of the bathroom sink if you wanted to. Nice. Not so much as a hair; a CSI team would be left clueless. Lots of towels and amenities. The only dust we saw was around the dry/wet bar under the TV. And, as others have eluded, you don't dare touch any of the cookies and alcoholic beverages located there. If you so much as look at it wrong, you'll find a $4.39 cent charge on your bill. Infrared sensors detect if an item is picked up. No doubt this is why it was dusty! Even the wait staff steers clear! Oh, and the refrigerator didn't cool anyway...Did I mention Hotel Monteleone is right where all the action is? It was a short five or so minute walk over to Decatur Street and Crescent City Brewery, Cafe Du Monde, or the Aquarium. Bourbon Street was just a few over. We experienced very few troubles out on the street, save for the one guy who we kept running into who wanted to talk to me about my choice of footwear... There is a Walgreen's half a block away, as well as a Cafe Beignet; Acme Oyster House is a block over, too. We visited the rooftop pool twice during our stay. It closes at about ten I think, but the bar much earlier. This was a shame. The pool was pretty clean, but had a lot of leaf matter in the water from all the surrounding plants. No biggie. We enjoyed the night up top, but on Friday evening it was overrun by teens who could not comprehend the meaning of NO DIVING. And I'll make it the rest of my life without hearing the phrase Marco Polo ever again. The pool lacked a sauna, though there may have been one inside someplace (ten extra points to the Le Pavillon in this regard). Everyone we came into contact with at the Monteleon was extremely friendly and spoke fluent English. Our room was always clean and straight very early in the day. The Bell staff was attentive and fast! When you call for luggage help, expect a knock as you put the phone down. We didn't have to ask for much special stuff as it was all there to begin with. We ate breakfast one morning at the Le Cafe. The food was fine and the cost on par with what you'd expect to pay. The servings were filling and, once again, the staff was very friendly. It was close and quick. We did not visit the famous rotating bar, but it was always lively and filled with patrons. A simple phone call and our bags were down in the parking garage. It was a short 25 minute wait for our vehicle (make sure you call ahead before you leave your room). The vehicle was as we had left it. My advice: leave the car there and WALK. For the Thursday to Sunday stay, we spent $460. This included parking and some small fees. All in all, highly recommended, and we'll likely return.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LucyImH0me
<Content>You don't get to stay at hotels like this very often. This was my second visit and will return again in October. I can't imagine you would be disappointed with your stay at this beautiful hotel. The location is excellent. I did encounter one unpleasant gal at the front desk. The first day I stopped with a question she had a French accent, and was not very helpful about the safe not working in the room. The second day the accent disappeared and she told me my bus tranportation to the airport inquiry was not an option, two minutes later the doorman told me exactly how to go about it. The hotel and all the rest of the staff are too wonderful to let this one person keep me away, she'll probably be gone by then, the standards are too high for an employee like that.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CelesteD
<Content>Know Before You Go The Good: The hotel is beautiful and in a great location. Our room was small, but luxuriously decorated and the bed was comfortable. Great bath products. The Carousel Bar was interesting and fun, nice piano singer. There is a room safe. Complimentary coffee setup in room.The Bad: Be aware, the minibar has a sensor. It charges you if a product is lifted up for more than a set amount of time (it was seconds, not minutes). On top of the minibar product fee, there is a TEN DOLLAR restocking fee! Be aware. When we were checking in, a man was complaining at the desk that he was charged for several items that fell over when he was getting a water out. The clerk was giving him a hard time that was not resolved by the time our check in was done. Parking was unsatisfactory. Each day, it took over half an hour to get our car brought out from on-site parking. The woman in charge of taking the parking tickets had an attitude. While the hotel itself is thankfully quiet, the walls are thin. We were awakened at 3 and 4 in the morning by rowdy people returning. Another time, we were awakened at 7 AM by a hearty talking bellman delivering a cart across the hall. I guess no one cares that most people are sleeping at 7 AM in the Quarter after being awakened at 3 and 4. Bring ear plugs.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ukeguy1
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel My wife and I just returned from our 25th wedding anniversary celebration. The Hotel Monteleone was wonderful. It's great a place to stay and enjoys a wonderful location in the Quarter. We met so many nice people, ate so many great meals and heard so much fantastic music that it made for a great 4-day weekend. We had such a great time we're planning our return. New Orleans matters - help support it by visiting.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cjbirdy
<Content>Pros and Cons My family and I go to NO once or twice a year and having always heard how wonderful Hotel Monteleone was and having found a great rate we decided to see for ourselves. The best way to share our experience is to divide it into pros and cons. Pros are as follows: 1. A great consignier!! 2. Impressive lobby with lots of glitz 3. Very nice doormen, garage attendants, maids, etc. 4. Comfortable beds, nicely furnished room. Now for the Cons. 1. The front desk checked in others before us. We were in line. 2. The room smelled musty. 3. The mini fridge is a one door bandit!! It is stocked with candies and drinks and has a very small strip-sign inside saying if you remove the item from the fridge you will be charged. Of course I picked up a can to see what it was and that's when I saw the sign. I immediately replaced the can of candies on the shelf, but was charged on check out even though I didn't open the can or eat the candy. They should put the label on the outside of the fridge so that it can be seen, but then unsuspecting visitors might not check out the fridge and get ripped off. 4. This is picky, but no dirty clothes bag provided. Our visit was a mixed bag. Some good, some not so good. If I were to go back to the Hotel Monteleone, I would be sure to NOT touch the fridge and take some air freshner.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>NJtravelor
<Content>Monteleone was Perfection The Hotel Monteleone is gorgeous. We had a room facing the city. Not such a great view during the day because it is of the roof tops but if you really look you can pick out different landmarks like the cemeteries. At night it was gorgeous with lights as far as you could see. We had two double beds and plenty of room. The room was immaculate and the beds are extremely comfortable although the pillows left a lot to be desired. Even though we hung our towels up everyday to conserve on energy they always replaced them with clean ones everyday. There is a coffee pot in the room but I preferred to go to the lobby in the gift shop where you could get coffee/tea for $2.50. The in-room safe worked perfectly and they do have the minibar. I would have preferred no minibar to have more drawer space. The rooms are decorated beautifully. The hotel roof pool is on the small size and heated but is a beautifully landscaped. We did eat breakfast one day in the hotel caf茅 but was not impressed at all because we were spoiled by the bacon at Caf茅 Beignet. The doormen are a wonderful, helpful addition that have the most marvelous personalities and smiles. Even the young lady in the gift shop was so courteous and polite by always asking how my visit was going and if everything was acceptable. NOLA has the nicest and most respectful people in the entire USA. I'm not kidding everyone in the US should visit NOLA and take home a lesson in hospitality and manners. The city is spotless and beautiful just visit you will not be dissappointed in the sites, food or people.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sparkyandlou
<Content>Definitely the place to stay Absolutely stay at the Hotel Monteleone - first class all the way. I would write more, but I would only continue to gush!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>watergirl77
<Content>Best hotel in the Quarter The hotel was wonderful. I have stayed at many other hotels in the Quarter and this is the best. The rooftop pool was a great joy. You can take an audiotour of the hotel to discover the history (and there is lots). We arrived at about 11:00 am and were able to check in right away. The rooms were very clean. The bar was a blast. This was a great stay.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MyleenAustin
<Content>Wonderful ambiance LOCATIONThe location is ideal for walking to everything you want to see in New Orleans. Boubon Street for partyers, stripclub visitors, and drinkers is only one block away, but the hotel is in a quiet area on Royal St. We were put off by the vomit/sewerage odors of Bourbon St., so we opted for the quieter, artsy side of the French Quarter. Royal St. was really nice and is lined with mostly galleries, cafes and shops. Across from the hotel is a Walgreens drug store, a convenience store and a couple of restaurants. It is about 5 long blocks (10-15 minute walk) to Harrah's casino, Shops on Canal and Riverwalk mall area, as well as 7-8 small blocks to Cafe Du Monde and the Jackson Square area of the French Quarter.ROOMThe room is adequately sized, very clean and nicely appointed if you like the old world charm of New Orleans. It has a grand, antique feel to the place, signifying luxury and European elegance. The halls are slightly dimly lit with red carpets that kind of creeped me out because it reminded me of the Shining, but luckily we didn't see anything supernatural :-)... the hotel is rumored to be haunted! The shower pressure was excellent and the tub and toilet area were sparkling clean, and I'm super picky! The only complaint that can probably only be mine is that the beds were supersoft and moved very easily (not very stable), but I have always liked a more solid and firmer bed for my bad back. Also, maybe another minor detail is that they didn't have a remote control but a sort of attached remote/combination game controller device for the TV.SERVICEThe front desk is pleasant, and the people friendly and very European. I think all the personnel were from Europe, so a lot of languages were spoken, great for the foreign traveler not knowing much English! The concierge lady was from Sweden, so she spoke many languages, including Spanish, French, Italian, German, Swedish and English. We did not have the opportunity to call room service or go into the bars/restaurants, but the Carousel Bar looked nice and crowded, and there's supposed to be a rooftop bar that is pleasant. Breakfast was really good, but not free and kind of pricey. We don't have anything to complain about service at all.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>howard11
<Content>Elegant Hotel The Hotel Monteleone has a grand and sophisticated atmosphere. It's reputation alone is worth a stay or at least a visit. The lobby has marble throughout and elegant French d茅cor. My room was on the second floor, smack dab in the middle of the hotel's front entrance. It had a great view of the French Quarter, high ceilings, and was well-furnished. The bathrooms could use some updating: the shower tiles were dated and the sink leaked. We stayed there on New Year's Eve, so the service was rushed and the public spaces were hectic. Some features of the place showed wear, but other than that a great choice if you want a centrally located and reliable hotel.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>ednpamk
<Content>Loved the Monteleone I've been to New Orleans quite a few times, but this was my first stay at the Monteleone. It is a beautiful, elegant hotel, and might be my favorite hotel anyplace.You will not go wrong staying at the Monteleone.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>heownby
<Content>Old South, still suffering from Katrina My husband had meeting at this hotel last week. The rooms are smaller than most newer hotels. We understand the mgmt is still housing some of its staff in order to stay open since Katrina. New Orleans definitely needs everyone's business to rebuild. Everything was clean, flowers in lobby beautiful. Problem with locks is that the keys demagnetize when in the same pocket as credit cards or cell phones. Had to return to front desk twice to get re magnetized. Reception food was lovely, nicely done in their top floor room. Disappointed at the pool...Advertised as roof top pool...was more like a wading pool, not long enough to be a lap pool. Exercise room had lots of new equipment.Was given good direction to coffee shop 2 blocks down the street. Hotel book says their restaurant opened at 6 for breakfast, but doesn't open untll 6:30, Had to wait til we got to airport to get breakfast.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>JB93110
<Content>Service, Dependability  I stayed here for a very happy 5 days with my teenage son. The hotel's location in the French Quarter is ideal (central, safe and very Nawlins), our room was very comfortable and clean, and we enjoyed the rooftop pool and bar. The food in the restaurants (and room service) was wonderful. Above all else, though, it was the people who work at the Monteleone that made this experience so exceptional. EVERYONE we met was friendly, helpful and very professional.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>colombiangirl
<Content>A Great Night at the Monteleon Having not been to New Orleans since Katrina I was more than just a bit anxious. I did not know what sort of condition we were going to find the city in. We were heading down to check out Tulane University for my daughter. After driving around about I was very happy to see that the French Quarter and the Garden district were just fine.We got the special Tulane rate of $149. From the moment of arrival the staff was very attentive. The door man, the front desk clerk and everyone else we encountered at the hotel were all very polite and happy to help. We stayed on the 15th floor with a room overlooking the Quarter. It was a nice size room with two very comfortable double beds. The rooms were in very good shape. I was a little nervous about staying there because I had seen on the hotels website that there was paranormal activity that went on there. No ghosts showed up to visit us though!The carousel bar downstairs is beautiful. Although that night the carousel was not working. It still seems very fun to sit on a chair under the carousel and have a cocktail. I was with my 17 year old daughter so we stayed in our room watching tv instead.We had a delicous lunch at Mothers, dinner at Acme Oyster Bar, and dessert at Arnauds. Three great experiences! At Arnauds we had the bananas foster (a must have), praline crepes (another must have) and the bread pudding (it was good, not great). The service was amazing. I will deffinelty return to all three places on my next trip.Although it was a quick trip it was wonderful and I would go back to the Monteleone!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gahmsw
<Content>We loved the Monteleone!!!! I can't say enough good things about New Orleans and the Hotel Monteleone. The hotel was beautiful. Our room was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The air conditioning worked well. The floor we stayed on was very quiet. We stayed during Mardi Gras, so it was busy, but we still received a lot of attention from the staff. We loved seeing the Carousel Bar. We would certainly stay there again. New Orleans was such an amazing place. The people were so kind and happy to have visitors from other states there. The sights were great. The French Quarter was so much fun. We went on a small tour of the one of the cemeteries and learned so much. We also went over to Algiers and went to Mardi Gras World. It gave us such an appreciation of the work that is put into the floats. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coachdog1
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Monteleone The Hotel Monteleone has a lot going for it. From location to history this is a great place to stay. We loved the location. Close enough to Bourbon St, but seems to be in another world when you want some peace and quiet. We found the quiet to a welcome change after a night on Bourbon. Staff here for the most part was top notch. The Concierge was great and most of the other staff as well. There was one front desk clerk who seemed to have a bit of attitude, but not enough to ruin a nice stay. We had a Riverview Suite and could not have been happier. We had plenty of room and found the rooms to be comfortable, clean and well maintained. We also like having the half bath off of the parlor made getting ready a snap not having to worry about on of the baths being occupied. The baths here are very nice, lots of marble and nice touches. As others have stated, the toilets are a bit loud when flushed but not enough to take away from the stay. The walk in shower in our room was great, and along with the Jacuzzi tub, you couldn鈥檛 ask for more. My only complaint about the room was the bed. I鈥檝e read other reviews here and folks seem to love the bed. We did not. I found it to be too soft and hate the fact that even though the linens were top of the line, they are still using a flat instead of fitted sheet for the mattress. We were sorry to see the Carousel Bar was closed during our stay. It opened the day we left. We didn鈥檛 try any of the restaurants located in the hotel. Had many great meals at other New Orleans restaurants and next time will try out the restaurants in the Monteleone. We did try out Spa Aria and were very happy with the services and staff there. A great stay, great location and a great city. We鈥檒l be back!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Boltz2000
<Content>French Quarter Elegance The Monteleone is a great hotel. Everything about my recent stay there was terrific; service, cleanliness, location, luxury, affordability were all top-notch.The icing on the cake is the incredible roof-top pool. I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coloradowahine
<Content>A great stay at Hotel Monteleone My son and I stayed at Hotel Monteleone for one night after our cruise out of New Orleans. We chose the hotel based on the reviews on trip advisor and its great location and we were not disappointed. The lobby is lovely with its chandeliers and large grandfather's clock. We came straight from our ship and got to the hotel around 10:30am and we were able to get our room right away which was nice. The room was clean, nicely decorated with beautiful fabric on the beds and curtains. The bathroom isn't huge, but it was very nice with granite countertops. The toilet is loud as another review mentioned, but no big deal. The beds were very comfy and the sheets were nice and soft. After getting settled we got a map and directions to Cafe Du Monde from the concierge and we were off. The street the Hotel is on is nice, peaceful compared to the nearby Bourbon street. We ended up having a tasty meal at the Gumbo Shop. When we walked in at 11:30 we were seated right away, but by the time we left there was a line. After sightseeing for a few hours we went back to the hotel and headed up to the rooftop pool which was lovely. There are lots of potted flowers and plants and it was a great place to relax after all that walking. My son swam for over an hour and I had a glass of wine from the little bar up there and read my book and was happy as can be. We had to get up really early the next morning for our flight and Igot my wake up call as asked and the front desk called a taxi for us and we were off. My only disappointment-the Carousel bar was closed for remodeling and I had wanted to see that-darn. We really enjoyed our short stay in New Orleans and I would definetely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>misseattle
<Content>Perfect Location        View from top floor  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>byoung3rd
<Content>What a Great Hotel in a Great City We went down to NOLA to see how it was recovering...and just as we expected, the people of NO are doing fine...there are lots of problems to deal with, but the Quarter, the downtown and the Garden district suffered very little damage. All of the restaurants are open, the hotels are open (the music scene is still a little thin)...all we need is more tourists. The central location of the hotel is what brought us here. We've stayed at other hotels in the Quarter, usually smaller old hotels, but none can touch the character and quality of the Monteleone. We were fortunate to be there for the opening parade of Madi Gras (Krewe de Vieux), and we made the most of our time in town, with plenty of Oyster PBs from Acme Oyster  Seafood House(but stay away from the Acme Oyster House in the Airport). The best thing about the Monteleone is the Concierge service. We were served by two different concierge's, and both of them were very helpful (booking reservations, providing information, etc). Whatever you do, bring money and spend it in NO...that way the people of NO will rebuild the city in the way they want, not as dictated by some absentee government official.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NovemberBoys
<Content>Our 12th Anniversary This was a terrifc spot in the french quarter. Just a block off of Bourbon, so if you wanted to do some shopping, walk to the casino or the river, it was right there for you to do and also could enjoy some quiet time away from the nightlife. The rooms are very nice, clean and comfortable. The staff was pleasant, extremely helpful and always gave us the right places to go to. Check out the Carousel Bar, the roof top pool (very nice) and the workout room has just enough to keep you in your routine (nice views of the Mississippi). Try Spa Aria, we got mini facials and it was worth every minute as well so relaxing and a nice atmosphere. We didn't eat in the restaurants, but the menus always looked appetizing. Make sure you check out Cafe du Monde, Acme, Red Fish, the antique stores, the casino and the market as well Two Sisters for their brunch, well worth it. Try the local beer, Abita. And definitely hit a few of the jazz bars that are still playing jazz. Make sure you ask for a room on a higher floor with a view, you can watch the cruise ships and barges come in and out all day/night.New Orleans, a great place to visit, unwind and have too much fun. Stay at the Monteleone, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>reb1964
<Content>Great Hotel, Excellent Location I stayed at the Hotel Monteleone for 1 evening in early December 2006. All appears fine, post-Katrina. The room was excellent. Front desk staff was cordial. I have stayed here pre-Katrina and would definitely stay here again. You can't beat the location on Royal Street. Look on the hotel's website; the hotel often runs great rates that are worthwhile for a luxury hotel.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>a2goto
<Content>Great French Quarter Hotel Very convenient location, easy walking to distance to everything, we even walked to the restaurant August. Located among lovely galleries and antique shops. Lobby is beautiful. Staff is helpful and accommodating. Carosel style bar is fun, stop by for a drink. Rooms are small but elegant. Skip breakfast in the restaurant- it is bad. Turn right out of hotel doors to walk to a nearby coffee shop for a quick breakfast. We will stay at the Monteleone again, it was gracious and lovely with a great location.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Luv2TravelWW
<Content>Wonderful hotel but get your confirmation details in writing My husband and I booked two rooms. The first room we needed for earlier in the week and the second room was for the Mardi Gras weekend only. Our room was perfect and everything went smoothly. However, when we checked into the second room that was to be used by our adult children, we were not given the room we had confirmed. We requested a room with 2 double beds for 4 people and it was confirmed on the phone and then again in person whenever we checked into our room. However, upon check-in to the second room, we received a room with a KING bed booked for only ONE person. We were told in rather a rude way that is what you booked so you will have to pay $25 extra per person for an armband. No matter how much I tried to reason with this lady she just stared at me and refused to believe me--basically her attitude was that we were lying and they had not made a mistake. Over the years, we have spent thousands of dollars at this hotel and spent around $6000 plus this trip and I was highly insulted with her attitude. I was so upset that I failed to get her name but it did teach me a lesson--get your confirmation with room details in writing. Ask for a fax or e-mail containing the details so you will have proof. Besides all the problems with this one thing, the Monteleone is a wonderful hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaLew
<Content>New Orleans is still awesome I've been going to New Orleans for over 10 years. And yes Hurricane Katrina has done some damage. But the French Quarter is always under construction so it's hard to know what's related to the hurricane and what's just finally fallen apart. But the music, the art, the food, and the drinks are all still hopping, and they need and want our support. Don't let the media hype get you down. As long as you're not dealing or buying drugs, stay in areas you know are safe, and keep your wits about you like any savvy tourist, you'll be fine. I've never had a problem or even felt uncomfortable. I really liked the Hotel Monteleone. I've stayed at several different places, but never the same place twice. I would go back to the Hotel Monteleone. Okay, the property is not one of the charming little hotels in the French Quarter (e.g., Cornstalk), but here's all the things it had that those hotels often lack: a good sized room, a great bed, a great shower, and most importantly, quiet. When I stay in New Orleans, I want function in my lodging mostly because if I'm going to lounge somewhere it's going to be in the neighborhood coffee house, restaurant, or bar, NOT in my room. I was there over Mardi Gras season and it was nice to have a safe haven away from the madness. It also has the Carousel Bar, which rotates, but it breaks down if there's too many people. Such is New Orleans. One booking tip- the hotel will match internet rates. So I found a better rate on a travel service (e.g., Expedia or something like that), but booked directly with the hotel at the same rate.If you want food tips: muffaletta at Central Grocery or Johnny's Po'boys; beignets and cafe au lait at Cafe du Monde; and for an upscale meal, I've never had a better meal that the ones I've had at NOLA, Emeril's restaurant in the quarter (try the hickory smoked duck, it's awesome). Tons of great places for music too, but some of my latest favorites: Fritzell's, Sean Kelly's, and One-Eyed Jacks. Finally, we had a great cooking class (Lunch and Learn) at Savvy Gourmet on Magazine; very fun and very tasty. The spirit of New Orleans is alive and well. I think the poster we bought said it all, We will rebuild New Orleans-- after Mardi Gras!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>millspc
<Content>Classy Grand Dame Fabulous grand old hotel that has been renovated recently. Room was great and had a european flare, bathroom was alittle small, but beautifully renovated. Hotel staff were exceptionally accommodating. Hotel location was perfect, one block from Bourbon Street and just blocks from some of the best restaurants on earth. Hotel Monteleone is the only place to stay!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nosenia
<Content>Pricey but beautiful hotel The Monteleone is at a great location 1 block from Bourbon street. The hotel is very clean and although we did not have a great view, the bed was comfortable and the room was very elegant. I really loved the soap and shampoo...it has a nice smell and the shampoo doesn't dry out your hair like at other hotels. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bweime1
<Content>Wonderful old world hotel Booked a room at the Monteleone so that we could enjoy the carnival festivities in the French Quarter. After receiving an e-mail confirmation, I replied via e-mail to the reservation agent that I was concerned about noise in the Quarter and requested a room that was on one of the upper floors of the property. The agent replied that every attempt would be made to comply with our request. We check in about 3:30 P.M. and were quite pleased to find that our room was located on the 14th floor of the building and at the end of the hallway, so it was wonderfully quiet. The hotel is immaculately maintained with fresh flowers and plants throughout. The hotel is a block from Bourbon St. but a world away. The rooftop heated pool and surrounding areas offer sweeping views. We found a place to park our car on the street and left it there all weekend to save on the $30 per night parking fee. There are many wonderful hotels in New Orleans, but the Monteleone tops my list for location, New Orleans character and charm, cleanliness, comfort, and great service.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DesignTX
<Content>Excellent Stay in New Orleans Fist time in New Orleans since Katrina. On business attending attending a conference at the Convention Center. Convention Center has been totally redone. The hotel staff were great. Upgraded me upon my arrival to a larger room. I was booked in the least expensive room. Room was clean, good size and had everything you would need. Excellent location for Bourbon Street and the Quarter. On my recommendation, take the Airport Shuttle, parking is quite expensive. Watch the cabbies around town. I got over charged by one that did not use the meter. Set rates from and to the airport. Staff were great. I would recommend this hotel to business travelers.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pemtca
<Content>Superb hotel Superb hotel, great location, friendly staff. Couldn't fault it.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>twoteachersSt.Louis
<Content>Picky guests impressed by this hotel! i love this website, and thought it was about time to contribute. my wife  i just stayed three nights at the monteleone, and were happy with our experience. the rate from travelocity was amazing (and not found on other search engines), and the hotel's facilities excellent value. the bedroom was spacious though not huge, very tastefully decorated, and the bed was most comfortable (i love westin beds too, but this was perfectly fine). negative issues were few: the room had not been valeted as well as it should have been - we found a bracelet on the bedroom floor, and some coins in the bathroom. there was no clock/radio in the room. the view from the window was simply the back of another building - but i didn't expect anything better from a third floor room. the hotel shop closed early, with no sign posted. pluses, though, included excellent staff, especially the feisty but very competent eva (concierge), and the doormen, one of whom got me a private car to the airport when there were none to be had on the street. the hunt grill was very good indeed - we dined there late one night, and would say it could stand comparison with the restaurants we tried in the french quarter. terrific, savvy wait staff in the grill, too. we didn't use the rooftop pool, though it looked lovely, and the view from up there was great. this was our first visit to new orleans, and our fond memories are based upon the monteleone. this is a terrific hotel, and not at all like the more anonymous chain hotels nearby. its location is superb, near to bourbon street, but far enough away to escape the craziness, and situated on royal street, which is a pleasure to stroll down.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>chris_says
<Content>Great Hotel depending on which room you get This is a classic New Orleans hotel. the location is GREAT. I had the bad luck of getting room right across from the spa and right next to the big banquet hall... room 225? 255? I can't remember. Just make sure you do not get this room. The weekend i was there, a big party was going on in the banquet hall and was very noisy. The room literally shares a wall with the banquet room so it's like you are at the party. I believe all the party has to end by Midnight so it's not too late but if you wanted to catch some sleep before going out... it's not possible. Also in the morning you get awaken by the people going to the spa. I'mnot much of a partier (was there for a wedding) so when i tried to sleep around 1am, it was nearly impossible because of the noise from the street. My friends who got room on the top floors(hotel goes up to 15 floors), slept fine so make sure you get room on the upper floors. Aside from that, i thought the hotel was very nice.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Susan2world
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic - No Complaints The hotel is so very nice! It's just a couple blocks from Canal, from the Quarter, from Jackson Square, and right on Royal - some of the best antique shopping I do. The staff was fantastic, the bar was great - thank you to Betty - the best waitress ever - in the Carousel Bar in the lobby. I have absolutely no complaints about this hotel - one of the last family-owned hotels in America. The beds are amazingly soft yet supportive, down pillows, marble bathrooms, great amenities. My filet mignon with burgundy wine sauce was fabulous and it was room service! The grilled chicken club sandwich in Le Cafe (?) the hotel casual restaurant was definitely the best I'd ever had, and I eat club sandwiches everywhere I go. People - New Orleans (in the tourist areas) is back - and they want you to come back and support their economy. The best restaurants, hotels, Harrah's casino, and of course Bourbon Street are all waiting for you. It's such a fantastic place to visit. Everyone was so kind and thankful to have everyone in town for the Saints game, New Year's Eve and the Allstate Bowl on 1/3/07. Please go back if you've been before and you're wondering what it's like right now. If you've never been, NOLA will not disappoint you. I'll be back as soon as I can! And stay at the Monteleone! I was in room 852, at the end of a quiet hall, in a smaller room (I asked for a quiet room and didn't care about the size) and it was still absolutely lovely. Go on, go for it, you won't regret your stay at the Monteleone or eating, shopping and perhaps drinking your way through NOLA! P.S. I traveled by myself and did not, for even one moment, feel threatened in any way. Everyone went out of their way to make you feel welcome and to assure your return. I live in Houston, so I know better than to wander around by myself in the evenings anyway. I have been to NOLA 4 times before this weekend and really couldn't see any difference in the Quarter, Jackson Square, etc. If you're on the fence about going, I would say do it - it's such a great city. And check out the antique shops on Magazine St (2000 block or so), about a $7 cab fare each way. There are some less expensive shops there, in addition to dress shops, lingerie shops, electic/funky shops too (like Winky's and Up, the store above upstairs in Winky's.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>7planes7days
<Content>Worst beds in the world While the folks working at the Monteleone are helpful... they can't overcome the horrible mattress situation they have going on here. Maybe I've stayed in too many Westins and J. W. Marriotts but this qualifies as the worst sleeping experience I have ever come across. Please Monteleone consider replacing these Sponge Bob facilities you call beds. Also parking is over priced. Drive a couple of blocks to Canal Place shoppes and park there for $10 less a night. On the bright side the bathrooms are really spacious.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>CenlaTraveler
<Content>Wonderful       Royal Street on a foggy Saturday morning.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>cliff1788
<Content>Fabulous, as usual Me, wife and 3 kids stayed at Monteleone for a night 11/21/06. The Hotel was not damaged by Katrina but you can tell that the City has taken a tourist hit. There were far fewer people in the Hotel and in the city than in past visits. This is just another GREAT reason to visit this hotel. The Monteleone apparently took the opportunity to upgrade its rooms just after the storm. The beds were fantastic! All of the sheets are of high quality and the pillows rival any hotel. The carousel bar was busy every night and had a great clientele. The drinks are priced reasonable and stiff! We did not eat at any of the Hotel restaurants. My 9 year old daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed the audio tour of the hotel. This is a free service provided by the Monteleone. I am not a history buff but the tour is VERY impressive. We did it because it spotlights ghost sightings in the Hotel....partuicularly on the 14th floor....Which is where we stayed. Fortunately...we did not see a ghost! We loved this hotel! New Orleans will make it back bigger and better. In fact the Quarter seemed cleaner than in years past . The restaurants were a lot less crowded but the service and great tasting food was still there! This Hotel is centrally loctaed and perfect for Bar hopping or just hanging out!! We will definitely stay there again for the Sugar Bowl.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jamimi
<Content>The fabulous Monteleone the monteleone is absolutely wonderful in every way. staying here really made our nola visit more memorable. if you can stay here, do so. you will not regret it. the location is perfect. we could walk to many points of interest, restaurants and shopping. boubon street is a few minutes walk.the rooms are lovely and the lobby and public areas are just beautiful. if you have time, take the audio tour of the hotel; it's free and so interesting. much history here. and ghosts too. the entire staff was helpful and was always looking to be of assistance.the concierge in the lobby booked us a tour with celebration tours, which i highly recommend. (the owner, ozzie, drove us around and was so gracious and informative.) the concierge also made us dinner reservations and gave us needed brochures and maps. she also cautioned us about areas to avoid. we had no problems. parking is available in the garage and the hotel is easily accessed from major highways.we enjoyed drinks in the carousel bar and our breakfast in the cafe. we ate most meals out. k pauls restaurant was marvelous and right down the street.we visited the devastated areas on the tour but if you are going tonola only for touring purposes, everything else is open and operating and in good condition. the tour of the hurricane affected areas is really worthwhile and eye-opening. they have a long way to go and certainly can use our tourist dollars.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bbwvixen
<Content>Perfect hotel!!!! Will return!!!       Our room  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lenaellen
<Content>Monteleone above average but still has some issues I stayed here over four nights while doing a photo shoot in the city. The rooms were clean and comfortable and a welcome respite for the most part. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Except for the time I waited an hour and a half for silverware from room service without explanation. The big drawback to the hotel is the 9.95 per day internet fee. Most hotels in the area have free wireless at this point. I went to a wonderful espresso cafe on Decatur with free wireless to take care of business.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	4	1	

<Author>Star2
<Content>Nothing wrong with it. We arrived an hour before check in and were prepared for a wait.We went to the Carosel Bar to have Bloody Marys and watch the games that were on.The front desk were to call our cell phone when the room was ready.Our phone never rang so we checked with the desk and they changed a well published check in time to 2 hours later.That was really our only frustration.We were in the city for the Saints Monday Night Football Party over the Falcons(GO SAINTS)The hotel is so convient to eveything including the Superdome where the walk was fine.We have stayed here many times since we sold our home uptown and find it to be all you really need.We even had spa treatments at SPA ARIA this time and the staff were so nice and the treatments were great.For the money the hotel is nice.Some of the rooms are a little small and bathrooms are cramped,but what are you here for?To hang out in a hotel room.Get Real its New Orleans.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>ICURYY4ME
<Content>Highly recommended! We were in town for Mardi Gras, and got to spend a week in our favorite New Orleans hotel, the Monteleone. The Hotel's History, attentive staff, and convienient French Quarter location make the Monteleone a perfect choice. Our room was clean and comfortable, and the staff were very friendly, in spite of the chaotic Mardi Gras atmosphere. Dont forget to check out their legendary revolving bar in the Carousel Lounge! We're looking forward to staying here again next Mardi Gras!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>GraemeBT
<Content>Very pleasant stay We stayed here whilst in town for a conference, after visiting a number of hotels in New Orleans during our research for the event.Our stay in the Monteleone was excellent, it is ideally located, just far enough away from Bourbon St. for the noise not to carry. The room was comfortable, clean and well serviced, although I couldn't make the ethernet network work. The bathroom was excellent. The front desk staff were always helpful, the only downside to the whole visit was that the rotating bar got a bit confusing after a few drinks!!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>lvm1
<Content>2nd stay at the Monteleone This was our second stay at the Monteleone. We stayed there many yrs ago before they had redone the interior completely. At that time, it was very pleasant; they have now updated the rooms and it was very nice, but not quite as charming as before. While there is not as much staff as there used to be prior to the hurricane (doorman not always present and no porters), my major complaint was that the parking lot was full when we arrived. We were directed to park in the public parking garage adjacent to the Holiday Inn and it cost us big $$$, and was inconvenient to have to move our luggage from a block away with 2 children in tow. Other than that we had a very nice stay with a great rate (under $100/night). Wonderful location and great history.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>tahari99
<Content>Great but beware of unexperienced attendant... I enjoyed my stay at the Monteleone. It's in walking distance to Bourbon St. The parking is $27 a day. Room  bathrooms were clean. My room wasn't big or small. Room service breaskfast was good  reasonably priced. Be attentive at check-in. The attendant made errors charging an extra $75 that I'm having to dispute with my card company. So many attempts at the hotel I gave up. I would stay here again. Shish happens.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>poodleone
<Content>Perfect stay- we will be back Older historic hotels are so intriguing but can be hit or miss. The Monteleone is a BIG hit. What a fabulous, clean, charming place. We only stayed one night but the bed was so comfy and the shower was terrific. We enjoyed sitting by the lovely pool having a drink and relaxing before heading out to the Saturday night madness. The staff was reserved but helpful and friendly when asked a question. I can't imagine that we will stay anywhere else on future visits.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Ace
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! We stayed at this hotel over the Labor Day weekend and it was wonderful! I travel to New Orleans at least three times per year and have stayed at a dozen hotels in the French Quarter. None of them were as nice as this hotel. The rooms was spacious and clean. The pool area was great and the staff was over the top. We got great rates through a booking website and enjoyed our stay to the max. Location is unbeatable. Right on Royal Street and close enough to Bourbon (one block away) to get to the action quickly without hearing it all night. My only complaint was the $9.95 daily internet rate! Come on...even the budget chains give that free anymore. Great hotel!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wherewegoingnext?
<Content>Monteleon is Beautiful - The French Quarter in New Orleans is Back! After going to New Orleans for several years in a row for the Labor Day and having to miss due to Katrina, we were cautiously optomistic about returning in 2006. I'm extremely happy to say the French Quarter is back! Most of the restaurants have returned, the shops are open and the Monteleon looks great. We have stayed here before, but it's been polished up and the rooms although somewhat small compared to a mainstream hotel are extremely comfortable and luxuriously appointed at a very affordable price. Everyone in the hotel from the bellmen to the concierge and checkin staff were very friendly and welcoming (ahh that southern charm).This hotel is in the Quarter and even though only one block off the famous craziness of Bourbon Street, it's far enough away to avoid all the noise and you can get some sleep when you really want to take a break from the partying. Close to banks and ATM's, close to great restaurants and Harrah's casino -- all in easy walking distance! Very close to the galleries that line Royal street and just a few short blocks from the French Market, Cafe DuMonde and Jackson Square -- can't recommend this location and hotel more -- so glad to have them back!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>safety86
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed here during Southern Decadence. The hospitality was great, the room was clean and the special room rates were a good value. They even placed a mini refrigerator in my room which really made it nice. The whole hotel was very well maintained including the pool.I would have given the Monteleone an Excellent rating, but they charge $9.95 a day for internet access. I can see a small fee, but most hotels these days provide access for free and $9.95 is steep.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>cdavetype
<Content>Magnificent Hotel       Entrance At Night  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TampaNugget
<Content>First Class Hotel I highly recommend the Hotel Monteleone. The property is conveniently located on Royal St. in the French Quarter. The entire property was extremely well maintained, clean and neat. The employees were all very friendly and helpful. The pool area was very nicely looked after throughout the day. I found nothing that was broken, falling apart, non-functional, etc. I found a real bargain on the room rates through Travelocity. The bars and restaurants appeared very nice as well, although I only ate breakfast in the cafe. The food was good (standard breakfast fare). My only suggestion would be to offer a bit more variety on the buffet. They gladly checked our luggage when we arrived early, and again when we checked out since our flight did not leave until that evening. I am not a person who is easily pleased, yet I can say that not only was this hotel a great place to stay, the room rates made it a good value as well. The persons running this hotel are obviously doing a fine job.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Andie007
<Content>Great but not perfect! I was lucky enough to visit New Orleans last year, just a few weeks before Katrina hit. I chose to stay at the Monteleone because I wanted a hotel that was close to the French Quarter but not too close to its heart, if you get my drift. I checked out their website and booked a standard room.The Positives: Very smooth check in, super friendly staff (I chatted with the doorman nearly every time I set a toe outside of the hotel), comfortable beds, a nice roof top pool....GREAT LOCATION. The hotel is literally two blocks away from Bourbon street, Canal street is maybe 3-4 blocks...I walked down Canal street all the way to the river, explored every inch of the FQ, and never had trouble finding the hotel afterwards. The Carrousel bar was also very fun, but (as per usual) the drinks weren't cheap.The Negatives: There weren't many, to be honest. My room had one King bed and was a bit on the small side with a nice view of a neighboring rooftop, but I didn't go to New Orleans to stay in my room all day. The biggest issue was with the soundproofing...there hardly was any! If the neighboring room's toilet flushed, I heard it. Fortunately I'm a heavy sleeper, but for those who aren't it can be annoying.Other than that I can't really say anything bad about the Monteleone. I would stay there again with pleasure and I highly recommend it...I would give it a 4.5 stars, if it were offered.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>vonny7
<Content>Services at Monteleone Hotel This was a very nice and convenient hotel however, the SERVICE is not up to the acclaimed 4 star quality rating. Upon check in, the three Front Desk Personnel were less than friendly or helpful. The word that comes to mind is SNOBBISH. It is located in the French Quarters.Housekeeping did not service our room one day until nearly 5:00 pm. We left the hotel for sight seeing before 8:00 am. This was disappointing because we were ready for a shower after being in the sweltering heat all day.Also be aware that New Orleans has no free parking. The area hotels charge extremely costly prices (up to $35.00 per day). The price at this location was $28.00. There are a few local garages for daily parking around $20.00 but, they do not allow vehicle in and out tours. Many establishments have not reopened since the Katrina hurricane. Check for local attractions hours and days of operation since they may not be available when you want to visit.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChrisErin
<Content>Great experience overall This was our fourth trip to NO. We couldn't afford to stay in the FQ on our prior visits, but the tourism drop-off seems to have forced prices way down and all are competing. Searching hotels was fun knowing we had the chance to stay at a high end hotel in the FQ. Trip Advisor recommendations appeared to be the best overall for the Montleone at an average $95/night, so I called directly to book the room. We arrived on a Thursday, check-in was a breeze. Location was perfect, in the FQ but away from the !@#$%. We had a superior King on the top (15th floor) - comments of small rooms were accurate, but this is not a critical requirement for our hotel selection. Two elevators for our tower were a little slow, but considering the hotels age understandable. Views are possible but we didn't have one, which made sense given the rate we were paying. Several times I walked up to the banquet rooms on the top of the hotel where the view of the Mississippi is amazing and a great Kodak piture spot. We didn't dine at any of the hotel's restaurants, but we did enjoy the classy bar. Having a pool was a critical requirement, and the pool at the Montleone is very nice. Saturday afternoon was very crowded however. The service staff at the pool and bar was a plus.The bed in our room was fantastic, our room was quiet, the bathroom had no plumbing issues, and great water pressure. A week after our stay we're missing that matress (firm yet soft!). We would definately stay here again. Our best recommendation for dining is the Praline Connection, fabulous fried okra, fried chicken, and BBQ ribs!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fantabulous
<Content>Just Average If you get a good deal like I did... then it is worth it. The location is great - very close to Bourbon  Chartress. Also a couple of blocks from fantastic restaurants (i.e. K Paul's, Nola). Fun carrousel bar that stays open late. The rooms are nicely kept. The pool deck is very nice (rooftop), small bar up there. Friendly staff (we were at the pool and it started to rain... pool deck manager offered to call us when the rain stopped).The negetive stuff: Check-in was a nightmare! They couldn't kind our reservations (which were not made on their website). Had to wait a long, long time. The rooms are a little noisy, but you are in New Orleans... Don't replace toiletries every day. The French Quarter... well it wasn't crowded at all (4th of July weekend), but all the businesses were open.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>Sam052
<Content>If you want to sleep -- not the place... Stayed here last weekend. Nice historic hotel. First room was OK, but sewage backing up into tub. Switched room, no problem. Getting sleep was another matter, very little sound-proofing into corridor. Noisy drunk revelers ALL night long -- front desk said what do you expect, it's the French Quarter!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Kathleen Rene
<Content>Fabulous Location My husband is coming to this hotel for a convention, so we took an early trip down to check it out. We had never been to New Orleans before, so this was an experience. For location, this hotel can't be beat! It's right in the middle of everything...Bourbon Street just a block away, and the Canal Shops and a host of other shops a short walk the other way.We were given a room with a view of the adjoining rooftop, but since we were out most of the time, it didn't matter. The room was lovely, but small...and the adjoining bathroom is small, but a good use of space. Be advised...I am 5'2, and felt like I had to stand on my tiptoes to brush my teeth because the sink is tall...but on the other hand, I practically fell into the bathtub because it's set about 1 1/2 inches lower than the level of the floor! If you do it once, you won't do it again, but to let you know...the first time's a doozie! I don't know if all the rooms are like this, but I'll be sure to watch out next time!We ate at both the Red-Fish Grille and the Bourbon House...both were excellent. The service was a little slow at the Bourbon House, but the food was served hot and was well-presented.As another writer had stated, there is a Wal-greens practically next door, and it was very handy for any little thing you may have forgotten.We went on the Cajun Encounters Swamp Tour. There were 10 of us on our particular excursion and we had a lot of fun...a very diverse group that was friendly and congenial. We had Captain Ted as our guide and he was knowledgeable and talkative and answered every question that was asked. We didn't see Big AL the male alligator, but there was another alligator that wanted to get on the boat with us, so that made the excursion a little more interesting. I would recommend this tour to anyone I knew was coming to this area.The people of New Orleans have been very friendly, and the cars let the pedestrians have the right of way with patience. That was something both my husband and I both noticed. They also blocked off part of Bourbon Street for a time period in the evening (I don't know if they do this all the time) so it is closed to vehicle traffic. That was great for just taking our time and wondering around and exploring.Looking forward to coming back in the fall for the convention!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant, Convenient Hotel We were guest at the Monteleone on July 7-9. We had a suite and it was very nice. Service was great. We really enjoyed the great location. It is convenient to everything in the quarter. The only complaint we had was that the concierge did not seem to know the answers to questions we had. For example, the admission cost to the aquarium. She also told us to go straight down Canal St. and it was closer to go down Bienville St to acquarium. She did not seem to show much interest in assisting guests. However, we would stay at his grand ole hotel again. The bellman and bartenders were very polite.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadianDoll
<Content>Had a great time... I stayed at the Monteleone for 5 nights with a colleague, and I absolutely loved it. The room was very spacious (2 doubles) with a high ceiling and great bathroom. I used the rooftop pool every day for quick dips to cool off after walking around the French Quarter. I found Bourbon St. too tacky, but really liked the shops on Royal and Chartres, and found that the hotel was in a great location for accessing both the Vieux Carre and the 'new city'. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel, and I would love to go back next year!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nurseLuvs2travel
<Content>Our 3rd stay just as great as the first My husband and I have stayed at the Monteleone 3 times in the last 2 years. We've stayed at countless other hotels in New Orleans and it is our favorite. Each time our stay has been superb, before and after Katrina. We always stay when there is a special price of $99 per night for the superior king room. And of course parking is about $30/day....First, let me say....this is a very nice hotel... the history behind it is wonderful, and the carousel bar hard to beat. Second, yes ... there may be nicer hotels in New Orleans, but if you can get the special price, why stay somewhere like the Wyndam and pay out of the nose? You can't get too much closer to the action of the French Quarter than the Monteleone ... EVERYTHING is in easy walking distance, and far enough from Bourbon to enjoy it, but not hear it! If it is location, convenience, and nice comfortable beds you want... you won't be dissapointed with the Monteleone. Take it from someone who is from Louisiana and has been to New Orleans frequently!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location can't be beat! Jazz Fest 06 was our second trip to NOLA and second stay at the Monteleone. As everyone says, the location is the best! From what I had read regarding staffing problems, etc., post Katrina we had minimal expectations for housekeeping and ancillary services. Couldn't have been more wrong. If anything the service from everyone from the doormen to the housemaids was way, way better than last time we stayed.... or maybe last time it was a given and this time we were prepared to forego some services. Whatever, it was great!Last time we were in a standard room which was tiny, so this time we paid the extra for a deluxe room ($283/night). Alas I'm a smoker so we were relegated to the 3rd floor in a room that was dingy, smelly and noisy to say the least. Not really complaining, it's the lot of a smoker, but I would despair if a non-smoker was ever in that room! The bathroom was clean, but unbelievably tiny and cramped (yet in the tiny room the bathroom was big) with nowhere to leave toiletries, etc. Quit smoking and request a room on a high floor.For the trip we are planning next year, we'll be in the City for 10 days. Despite the Monteleone's fantastic location and staff, unless I could afford a suite I'm afraid we'll be looking for a hotel with roomier accommodations (and please, please a window you can open) or a better rate.Regardless, if you are even considering a visit to New Orleans.... GO. It is so fantastic and they need and welcome tourists more than ever now. Tip big and enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! My husband and I recently stayed four nights at the Monteleone. We had a great experience. The hotel is beautiful. The room was small but very comfortable. It was probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. They are situated a block from Bourbon St. which keeps you away from the craziness, but it's still a short walk to visit!The swimming pool, also small, was a must as it was very hot out.The next time that we are in New Orleans we will not hesistate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lafguy72
<Content>Nice location in the French Quarter The Monteleone is a New Orleans landmark and is located in the heart of the French Quarter on Royal St. I have stayed in many hotels in the French Quarter and I felt this hotel was average to slightly above average. I highly recommend entering the hotel from the main enterance on Royal street instead of through the parking garage like I did. Entering from the parking garage requires you to walk down a hallwayl that feels old and outdated.The lobby was nice but doesn't have the grand feel or very high ceilings that you would expect from 4 star rated hotels. The staff was very polite and well dressed. The hotel was clean but you can tell when walking through the hotel that it's old and has be painted over and over again.I paid extra to get a Deluxe room (largest available before upgrading to a suite) and felt that it was no bigger or nicer than any other hotel room. The bathroom was recently upgraded with marble and granite floors and walls, but they were fairly small.The bed was comfortable and the furnishing were up to date.I paid $119/ night for the Deluxe room. The standard room was available at $89/night at the time I stayed. That is an excellent rate for the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kshenry
<Content>Disappointed This review would probably be much more favorable had we not stayed at the Wyndham on Canal for our Anniversary last year. Read review awesome experience for that stay. We decided to try this hotel due to the summer special rates they were having. We were a little surprised that parking was $32, but in NO, you don't have much of a choice. Check in was quick and painless, but upon entering our room, I immediately thought something was wrong. I booked under a special with an upgrade to a superior room, and requested a room with a river view, mentioning several times it was my anniversary. The room was very small, not much larger than the king size bed in it. I called the front desk and was told that no river view rooms were available and that I was in the right room. We did have a nice view overlooking the FQ, but our windows had forehead smudge marks all over them. Yuck. I called the front desk again and requested a refrigerator, which was delivered to our room in just a few minutes by a man named Ceto who was very charming. After walking around we returned to our room to get ready for the evening. I pulled back our comforter and noticed hair on the sheets. It was just too late to change rooms, but that was a first for me. I can say that the convenience of being one block from Bourbon was really nice, especially after spilling something all over my pants and having just a short walk back to our room to change clothes. The Monteleone is right next door to a Walgreen's, and that was extremely convenient. It's also within a short walk to Cafe Du Monde and the Mississippi River. I will also say the room, although so small, was beautifully decorated with an antique look and the hotel as a whole was beautiful, inside and out. If convenience is important to you, this hotel will probably suit your needs, if you want a gorgeous hotel with outstanding service, go to the Wyndham.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a great stay i travel for business every week or two and have high expectaitons for hotels. The Monteleone completely lived up to them. Lovely interior and the rooftop pool was the perfect place to get away from the French Quarter hubub.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>StJohnFan
<Content>Great experience at the Monteleone Just spent 3 nights at the Monteleone for a conference, and I had a great time. I was sharing with a co-worker and we had plenty of space. Check-in was problem-free. We were on the 12th floor in the middle (double-double room) facing Bourbon, and those rooms are slightly larger than most. Bathroom had obviously been redone recently, and it had lots of space for toiletries. Water pressure was good the whole time. Our ceilings were 12 feet high, and they really made the room seem spacious. I ordered room service once and it came promptly, and the food was delicious. Also went to the breakfast buffet in Le Cafe a couple of times, and that was also good if a little pricey. The Carousel Bar is great! All the people we encountered in the hotel were friendly, helpful, and so happy to have people visiting the city again.Only complaints: the room furnishings need updating. The bedspreads, curtains, and rugs probably should be replaced. Also, the smoke detectors have an amazingly bright green flashing light which is quite distracting! At first we thought they were the infamous Monteleone ghosts, but alas, no. HBO would be nice to have, too.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HATED it My fiance and I booked a room at this hotel based on many positive reviews from friends and family members who had spent nights there previously.When we arrived, we were disappointed right away. The check in desk took my credit card, even though we had already paid. Later on, we discovered that they had charged us a fee that they would refund after seven days, but they neglected to tell us. A staff member told me when we found out about this fee that they were supposed to inform all customers, yet she did nothing more to assist us with this problem. When we walked into our room, there were two beds (instead of the king we had been promised) and there was a view of rooms that were being redone. We asked, specifically, for a view. A GOOD view! The bathrooms were cramped, and housekeeping did not replenish our towels--I found out after I stepped out of the shower. When we talked to the staff members about our problems, their responses were weak. One lady said whatever and hung up the phone on my fiance!! The only good service we received was from the valets, who were extremely polite. Our room was terribly small, and the staff was unaccommodating. Unfortunately, we will never stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>UnoMasFla
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We recently spent 4 nights at the Monteleone hotel in New Orleans. I had my doubts how it would live up to expectations, considering all I've read about service and such after the storm. We had an absolutely wonderful stay. From the very start, the staff was friendly and very helpful checking in. Their were two couples and they had both of us checked in in the time it would have taken a single couple. Both of our rooms were spotless and after reading how small they would be I was surprised they were not that bad. The bathroom was exceptionally large and had space for all of our toiletries (which is rare). I looked everywhere and there was not a spot of mold. The Carousel bar was a nice place to start the evening (or earlier, if so inclined) and the bartenders were all very nice and accomodating. We booked a trip through the concierge, who was very friendly and helpful.We spent an afternoon at the rooftop pool. It was a little crowded, but we managed to find a spot and the bar was a wonderful thing to have during a hot afternoon! The location was wonderful, close to Bourbon St but we never heard any noise morning or night. Overall, it was a very pleasant stay and I will definitely consider next time we visit New Orleans!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GraceM100
<Content>Great hotel in French Quarter We stayed at the Monteleone for the first time this past weekend. We were very impressed. Service was excellent. Room rates were very reasonable...summer specials started at the beginning of June and are very affordable. We stayed in a suite that was very nicely appointed for a good rate. They have an excellent, well equipped workout facility. Pool area is nice for daytime sunning. We had breakfast in the cafe one day and the buffet was very good. The bar in the hotel was nice, and lively. Location was really good...one block off of Bourbon St. We would definately stay there again, and highly recommend it. Thanks for the reviews on this site that led us to this hotel. Lastly, the French Quarter is 90+% back to normal...so don't hesitate to go back to NOLA!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheMannClan
<Content>Wonderful stay in a wonderful city My husband and I celebrated our 10 year anniversary in New Orleans this past Memorial Day weekend (May 26 - 29th). Our experience with the Monteleone was fabulous from our first contact with them. We found a deal at Orbitz ($162/night for one of their Executive Suites which usually run $700/night) that was obviously an error. We called the hotel, and as their website states, they indeed honored the rate. (Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!) We were even more thrilled when they gave us a room that had a jacuzzi tub and separate shower. Because they knew it was our anniversary, they had a chilled bottle of champagne and a card waiting for us. It was special from the moment we checked in!The hotel itself is ideally situated right in the French Quarter. One block away from Bourbon Street...far enough away where we experienced no noise from the late-night revelers. The lobby is beautifully appointed with gorgeous marble floors and crystal chandeliers. All of the staff, from the doormen to the front desk to the housekeepers, were great. Very friendly and courteous.The suite was absolutely luxurious. In fact, I have never slept in a more comfortable bed. The marble main bath with jacuzzi and shower was really spacious. We also loved having the second powder room in the living area of the room. Neither of the views were breathtaking....one side did have a distant view of the river, but who needs to see the view from the hotel when you can walk a few blocks and see if for yourself?We had drinks a couple of times in the famed Carousel bar. Very fun to rotate around the room. We met many nice folks in the bar...locals and tourists alike. The pool, though small, was awesome. Great waitstaff up on the roof, too.We thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of our stay at the Hotel Monteleone. It's all class, that's for sure!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beasette
<Content>Great stay at Monteleone! We (myself, husband and kids ages 6 and 3) stayed at the Monteleone on our way from Texas to Florida. It was CLEAN. The pool on the roof was BEAUTIFUL and perfect for swimming with little kids. The price was GREAT at $99 a night. The location was good, but kind of a long walk for little kids to Cafe Du Monde for breakfast. The bellmen and front desk clerks were very helpful. The concierge was okay - she sent us to Bubba Gumps for dinner which was loud, average food and expensive for the quality. I'm sure she took one look at my little kids and thought they could do little damage to that place. One negative was the noise on Bourbon street. Our room was on the 15th floor, but we could still hear revelers at night. BRING A WHITE NOISE MAKER WITH YOU. Luckily, I had brought my trusty box fan which I always use at a hotel to help drown out noises. Also, we had to park our car at a different hotel because Monteleone ran out of parking spaces. Overall I would HIGHLY recommend it for a family. One more point, the French Quarter has changed little just not as crowded and some stores/restaurants are closed. The rest of New Orleans, espcially downtown and east of downtown is strange. It's like a ghost town. Everything is covered in a grey film. Downtown hotels have reopened, but the office buildings and hospitals are are still abandoned with broken windows, many which have not even been boarded up. Abandoned cars sit under the highways. Driving along the highway east of town, entire neighborhoods are abandoned and seem to not have been touched since Katrina. At about 1 in 12 houses, you'll see a white fema trailer out front which is a sign of rebuilding. All the shopping centers are deserted and damaged except for building supply stores and car dealerships. It's spooky and sad. But do GO and TIP BIG. They need our help.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jebargit
<Content>hotel monteleone My wife and I stayed at the hotel monteleone (5/19-5/21 2006). Wonderfully run, very comfortable hotel with a perfect location in the french quarter. The room was spacious, clean and well laid-out. No complaints at all. Could not hear anything from adjoining rooms (a big pet peeve of mine) which was a relief. Great shower too!Support New Orleans and treat yourself to some great food and music!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fully Recovered! When my old college friend and I decided to re-visit New Orleans (where we went to college) for this year's JazzFest, we didn't know what to expect. The pre-trip research indicated that many of the open hotels in New Orleans were not 100% yet, i.e. either the housekeeping was minimal or the pool was closed. NOT SO at the Monteleone, where everything was great and in full working order! The gracious lobby is large, well lit and welcoming. There is also desk staff on duty 24 hours a day. The front lobby is not wheelchair-accessible, though. The staff were all very polite and cheerful although at least some of the desk staff did not know about the bus that has temporarily replaced the street car. Considering that St. Charles Avenue is very important for tourists, this was fairly important getting around information. The Pool lounge was beautiful and in perfect condition. The staff were great -- as soon as you used your towel after swimming, they came over to offer you another, new towel. The pool was spotless, but small. More for cooling off in than for actually swimming laps. But after a hot day walking around, it was so nice to relax and cool off before dinner, especially with a cool drink from the pool's bar.The hotel's restaurants and bars were open  serving -- unlike many other places that still have not recovered -- although we chose to explore for our meals, and did not eat at the hotel at all. But since the Monteleone is in a perfect location for exploring all of New Orleans, this was never a problem. The Monteleone is on Royal Street, so you are only one block over from Bourbon Street, the heart of the quarter. But that one block also makes a huge difference in terms of noise. Royal St. is generally very quiet and street noise was never an issue. Also from Royal St. it is easy to walk to the rest of the quarter, like Jackson Square, Cafe Du Monde, the French Market, etc. The Riverwalk Mall is also relatively close, as are the buses that go uptown and the streetcar, which is set to reopen soon.The room was large -- two double beds with a large space between them with the normal amount of additional furniture (desk, armchair in the corner, and the large bureau thing for TV, minibar and drawers). Plus a large double closet and two bathrobes! The room was not huge, but we didn't feel crowded once, the entire week. The beds were also very comfortable -- the linens were nice quality, there were plenty of pillows, and the bed was neither too hard nor too soft, as is so often the case in hotels. The bathroom was spotless and quite nice. Brightly lit, all modern fixtures, and great water pressure. Housekeeping came every day and was thorough. These may be things we all take for granted in hotels, but with New Orleans still struggling to recover and rebuild after Katrina, nothing can be taken for granted. We are probably going to go back next year, and will try to stay in the Monteleone again. I also travel frequently for business, and this would be a nice hotel for a business trip, too. I highly recommend The Monteleone!!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wijssa
<Content>Fabulous time! My husband, 13 yr old daughter and I just returned from 5 great days at the Monteleone and New Orleans. The hotel is perfectly located - we never needed a cab! The hotel itself has a friendly, helpful staff. And this town is the BEST! I had never been to NOLA before, and thought I should be staying on Bourbon Street...but, no thank you! The Monteleone is an easy, short walk away on a beautiful street with many of the buildings listed on the Walking Tour of the French Quarter right on the same street! Bourbon Street IS a hoppin' place after dark, but during the day it's pretty bland. And this hotel is quiet - I cannot imagine how noisy the hotels must be at midnight on Bourbon Street.The Monteleone also has a rooftop swimming pool with a snack bar, which is a really quiet place to rest your body, and nice views.We ate at the Red Fish Grille twice because we loved it so much. You may have a wait for a table, but it is definitely worth the wait. We also really enjoyed K-Paul's. Make reservations for Friday/Saturdays! Chef Paul Prudhomme was present the night we were there, and the food was excellent - as was the Dixieland trio serenading outside the door.And - don't forget Cafe Du Monde - best beignets and coffee au lait. Go and Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bdopey2000
<Content>Love It! I am originally from LA, but live in Florida now. I will not stay anywhere else when I visit New Orleans. Looking forward to supporting the tourism of New Orleans next month with my first trip back since the hurricane. God Bless New Orleans. The Hotel Montelone is a 5 star, more than you would ever except hotel. Its excellent service and beauty is just the beginning. The location is wonderful for all those who seek to see the sites in New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>camden72
<Content>Beautiful Hotel Back Again We just returned from a trip to New Orleans. We had booked the trip before the hurricane to stay in a different hotel. When the other hotel was not going to re-open by the time we were scheduled to come down, we re-booked with Hotel Monteleone. This was our first stay at the Monteleone and we were not disappointed. The hotel was beautiful. The staff was very friendly and helpful. While we were told some services were limited due to the hurricane, we did not experience any ill effects. Room service had not yet resumed and the pool and fitness center were also closed (although guests were given the option of using the services at a different hotel). We were told that maid service was being offered every other day but we were visited by the maid every day that we were there. The only negative comment I could possibly make is that the size of our standard king room was very small but we did not spend much time in the room anyway. We were very impressed with the quality of the hotel and services - especially this soon after the devestation of Katrina.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Coming BACK!!!       got my chair  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only Hotel I'll stay at in the Quarter!!! We have been going to Mardi Gras in New Orleans for 20 years and will not stay anywhere other than the Monteleone. The krewe at the Monteleone make our group feel like kings and queens!!! Our group grows every year due to the fact that when we bring people to the Monteleone, they see the great atmosphere and won't stay anywhere else.Also, the Monteleone was one of the only hotels that let their employees, families, and animals stay at the hotel during the aweful hurricane. The Monteleone family helped charter buses to rescue employees and guests. They truely care about the people who stay at their hotel.LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everyone Had a Great Time We went with a large group of cloggers during the Jr Olympics (July 24 thru August 1) and the Monteleone was GREAT. We stayed at the hotel for a week and were extremely pleased with the employees and the staff.The kids loved the roof top pool and felt very safe in the hotel. This was important since we came in with about 35 cloggers ages 8-18 and entire families. The rooms did vary in size, however everyone seemed pleased. We have been very heart broken about the disaster of Katrina and hope that all the staff made it to safety. It is very moving to see areas that we visited a few weeks ago in such turmoil and we have them in our thoughts and prayers.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel we have ever stayed in We stayed as a family of six (in 3 rooms, children aged 13-20yrs).From the moment we walked through the lobby doors we knew we were in for a rather special stay. The Hotel has magnificent internal decoration, and we felt slightly out of place staying in such a plush hotel. But the staff were very helpful at all times, and when we reported a minor problem in one of the rooms it was sorted within half an hour. We enjoyed dips in (and views from) the rooftop pool, and had one lovely evening meal in the main restaurant, as well as the obligatory cocktails in the superb Carousel bar.We loved New Orleans, and would like to return again (sans kids) to explore more and soak up more of the wonderful atmosphere of the Big Easy. There is only one place we would want to stay - the Monteleone - we can understand why it has many visitors who return year after year.I can see that there are one or two bad reviews - I doubt that there are any hotels on the TripAdvisor site with *all* good reviews. I can recommend this hotel without hesitatation - you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jalby
<Content>Monteleone Very Luxurious We were in New Orleans for a Conference and didn't book the rooms in time to get the hotels which were reserved. We found the Monteleone by accident on the internet. It was very reasonably priced and in fact was less than most of the hotels which had been reserved for the conference. We were very pleasantly surprised to find this hotel top notch by any standard. The Bellmen open the doors for you day and night and direct you up the red carpeting into the luxurious lobby. The rooms were beautiful. It's one block off Bourbon St. yet completely quiet. The staff was very attentive.I would highly recommend it and wouldn't stay any where else if we return to New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EMCPhiladelphia
<Content>Great weekend package A friend and I booked a 2-night package the week before Christmas 2004, just after the hotel's spa first opened. We had a great time. The room included the spa goodies and champagne we were promised as part of the package; it was big enough and it and the bathroom were sparkling clean. The breakfast buffet was good and the hotel looked beautiful for Christmas. The location was great for getting out into the Quarter on foot or catching a cab elsewhere. The layout of the spa was a little odd (we sort of loitered in the hallway to wait for our pedicures), but the massage was first-rate. Our room was right off the elevator but I don't remember it being particularly noisy--except when there was a Dixieland band playing out front on Saturday afternoon for a wedding (!).  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't Wait to Go back First trip my partner and I had gone on so wanted everything to be perfect and it was. The hotel is located right in the French Quarter but away from the noise, everything was within walking distance. The Oyster Bar connected to the hotel had the best oysters, we ate there everyday!!! We had a standard room with a king size bed. A little small but very classy. The staff were all friendly and helpful. We enjoyed sitting by the pool and looking over the city. What can I say, we'll be back!!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely poor service We were originally booked at another hotel, but based on the excellent reviews on this site, we changed our plans and called the Monteleone directly to book a non smoking Deluxe room with a King bed from Sunday through to Friday in June. We checked in approximately 6 PM on Sunday, and were told that we were being given a non-smoking room with two double beds. We asked if we could move to a non-smoking king room on Monday. At that point we were told that one of the hotel's buildings was scheduled for power work on Tuesday and that non-smoking king rooms were available and we could have a room in this building and would be moved on Monday morning when a room came free in the other building. We were told that the Hotel Staff would move our luggage to the new room and we would be able to pick up our new key cards when we returned to the hotel on Monday afternoon after a day of sightseeing and tours. We returned to the hotel at 2PM on Monday and were advised that check in time was at 3PM and to come back in an hour. We returned at 3PM and were told that our room wasn't ready and it should be ready by 5PM at the latest. I asked where our luggage was and was told it was still in the original room, and we were told we could return the room until our new room was ready. When we got to the room our cards had been deactivated, so we returned to the front desk and spoke to another clerk who told us that the power was being turned off and there was likely no air conditioning in that building. By this point we were tired and just wanted to rest. He checked again and advised that the room that we were to be given had yet to be cleaned and that they didn't seem to be able to give us another room (even though check in time is 3PM and other people were being assigned rooms). We then told the front desk clerk that we would be willing to pay for an upgrade to a Superior Room . He told us there were none that were clean. To this day, I still do not understand why he was not able to contact Housekeeping and request that they clean a room ... whether if it was the room that was assigned to us or an upgraded room.. By 5PM, I was beyond frustrated and returned to the front desk and spoke to another clerk. She seemed a bit surprised when she looked up my information and had brief conversation with someone else behind the desk. By this point I guessed that the room that had originally been assigned to us had either been given to someone else or was still not ready. We did finally get a new room by 5:30PM on Monday. By that point, I was extremely frustrated by the entire experience and by the overwhelming feeling that my business as a customer was not worth the effort of the front desk staff to resolve things in a reasonable manner. Because of this, we decided to find another hotel as it was unlikely that we would feel comfortable in this hotel.I understand that in some cases, mistakes and oversights occur, but unfortunately, our entire experience during our stay at the Monteleone was one issue after another. The people that we dealt with seemed either unable or unwilling to resolve any of the room issues that we had. Throughout our short stay, I never received an adequate explanation for why we were unable to get the room that we had originally booked and the only time that I received an apology for all the mix ups and delays was when I advised the front desk clerk that we were so dissatisfied that we were checking out. I've taken a closer look at the reviews on this site and found at least four other instances where similar situations occured in the last year ... a review from August 2004 describes and almost identical set of problems ... right down to a wing/building of the hotel having their electricty being shut off. I wrote to the Hotel mangement after this incident, but the only response that I received was a generic marketing email.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Monteleone! The Monteleone is a beautiful historic hotel on a beautiful street. It is only a block from Bourbon St., but it is nice and quiet. Window shopping on Royal is a lot of fun, but unless your last name is Kennedy or Rockefeller, that is the extent of it. The breakfast buffet in the hotel Cafe' is very nice and the Hunt Club Restaurant is excellent. I would highly recommend a walk to Jackson Square and a swamp tour. (lots of alligators!!) Also, the carriage rides through the French Quarter are a fun and inexpensive way to learn about the area.P.S. Hold on to your purse, on Bourbon St., or better yet, leave it in your hotel safe.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>supremecourt25
<Content>Wonderful romantic getaway I'm a local who wanted a romantic in-town getaway for one night. The Montelone was so wonderful - everything was great. The room was beautiful and the service was great. I can't wait to go back sometime when we can hang out in our room more and stumble back from the carosel bar!!! :)  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay Here When we made our reservation weeks ahead of time we requested two beds (one for my daughter and one for me). When I checked in we were given one king sized bed that took up almost the entire room. Then we wanted to watch movies (the system was not working in our room). I had to call downstairs 5 times within 5 hours to ask someone to fix it. We got no response. It seemed like most of the people at the reception area had no interest in my problem and some had attitudes. The TV was fixed the next day and then we got bad reception. Also, if you get hungry in the middle of the night, you can't order room service after 11:00 p.m. Also, finding the swimming pool on top of the roof was another problem. You need a map and a compass to find it. Room was nicely decorated but bed was made up messy. I've had better service in Las Vegas at a 2-3 star hotel. Pass on this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>reneP73
<Content>Loved it!!! I just spent 3 nights at the Monteleone and had a wonderful time. I was so impressed from the moment that I walked in. We had just come in from a cruise and got to the hotel about 10 am. I was just thinking to check my luggage and come back after check-in time, but they were able to give us a room right away. I had booked a standard double room on their website and didn't realize that it was for one bed. Since I was staying with my sister and my daughter, I needed 2 beds. They changed the reservation for me to an upgraded room (with a wonderful view of the Quarter) and didn't change the price. Every staff member that I came into contact with, the bellmen, the concierge, the maid, were wonderful. The buffet breakfast was delicious, and our waitress (I think her name is Lucille) was one of the best servers that I have ever had! The hotel was one block off of Bourbon, and an easy walk to the river, Jackson Square and the street car. I would stay there again in a heart beat! You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OLDTHINGS
<Content>Great place to stay in French Quater New Orleans Stayed two nights at the Hotel Monteleone. We had a small room but it was very nice.. If you want to pay the price you can get a larger room. We were on the 8th floor and noise was not a problem.. It was one street over from Bourbon street in the French Quarter. The room was stocked with a mini fridge bar and snacks but items were quite expensive. Room was very clean. We ate at Mr. B's across from the hotel and the food and service was excellent. i would definitely stay at this beautiful old hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Laby
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location If you're looking for a full-service hotel in the French Quarter, then this is the place to stay. The hotel is located one block off of Bourbon Street in a quieter area known for its art gallaries, antique shops, and restaurants. The doormen, bellhops, counselior, and front desk staff were all pleasant and helpful, and actually seemed to enjoy their jobs. The roof-top pool and cabana bar is perfect for some afternoon R  R with a wonderful view of the city below. And the revolving Carousel Bar just off the Hotel Lobby (with lively piano music on Wed. - Sat. evenings) provides for interesting people watching in a relatively low-keyed environment.As some have pointed out, the rooms are on the smallish side, but compared to other New Olreans hotel rooms where we have stayed, they are well-appointed and comfortable, and the upper floors have majestic views of the French Quarter (ask for a room on floors 10 or up overlooking the Mississippi River). Depending upon when you are traveling, you may be able to land a room at a bargain rate compared to what you pay for similar rooms in other cities. For example, we booked a delux room directly through the Hotel's web site -- the day before we checked in -- for under $150 a night. Regular rooms were available for under $100 a night (although I suspect they were much smaller than the delux rooms, and have less interesting views).  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>emtUsa
<Content>I've never written before, but I have to now... I stayed at the Monteleone for five nights in early June. I've stayed in top notch hotels all over the world, and I have to say the Monteleone is among the best. I couldn't believe some of the negative reviews written recently. The people who said the rooms were old, unclean or poorly furnished must not have stayed in the same place I did. Yes, the hotel is old, but it recently underwent a complete renovation. Yes, the rooms are small, but so are most of the rooms in the Quarter. (In fact, most hotels of this age have smallish rooms). The personnel at the hotel couldn't have been more charming or helpful. We had a minor mixup with our car company, and the concierge took it upon herself to contact the company even after we had checked out to make sure our bill was not overcharged. I have never ever written a review of any hotel - but I just had to share my experience with the Monteleone. It is a real gem - in the US and the world.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good hotel in a great location, but ... Stayed at the Monteleone recently, and I like to put in my fifty cents by writing this short review.The hotel is reasonably priced for a French Quarter hotel and is in a great location close to everything. The hotel is also a short block away from the House of Blues, which can make your stay a bit noisy in the early morning hours by late-night revellers who might awaken you.The hotel is a little aged and needs some work here and there. The rooms are nicely furnished, but sort of small and in need of a little cosmetic overhaul. The housekeeping staff could also do a better job cleaning the rooms as not everything in my room was properly dusted and vacuumed. In addition, the front desk staff was very slow while checking in new guests, and not always responsive by answering service calls made from the room.Giving my opinion after my stay here, I would in all fairness say that the Monteleone deserves at best an average rating, but definitely not any higher!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and Great Location My husband and I spent a couple of days in New Orleans before our honeymoon cruise. We spent two nights at the Monteleone (booked with hotels.com for $99/night). The lobby although small is beautiful. All the employees we spoke with were courteous and professional. The location couldn't be beat. It's a three-minute (if that) walk to Bourbon Street but just off the main tourist area so it's quiet and not as rowdy. Our room was small and didn't have much of a view but had all the amenities we needed. Be sure to stop by the hotel's Carousel Lounge. We went on a Saturday night and they had great live music. I would recommend the Monteleone to anyone staying in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>haida10
<Content>Great for a Wedding Reception We had a wedding reception at Hotel Monteleone on June 4. We chose HM because it offered so much more than other hotels. The food was absolutely amazing. We had beef tenderloin (cooked to perfection), pasta station, chocolate fondue section, gumbo, jambalaya, 3 cold appetizers, 7 hot appetizers, a great bar selection, and Dr. Jazz  the New Orleans Dixieland Sounds for live music. Cheryl, the event coordinator was very nice and professional and did her job great. The wedding cake was a traditional New Orleans almond flavored cake, it was fabulous. The groom's cake may have stole the show. It was a very rich dense chocolate cake with chocolate covered strawberries. We had quiet time in Cheryl's office for about 15 minutes before we entered the reception so we could eat, use the bathroom, or just have a glass of champagne. Then after the reception they sent a cart of food to our suite so we could eat again. We stayed in the Hemingway Suite which is a penthouse suite with a great view of the city. We also blocked rooms for $99 a night. The rooms were great and some of our guests (including us) even experienced some of the haunted happenings of the hotel- hearing voices and elevators going to the wrong floors. The Carousel Bar is one of the best in the city (just off the lobby) and continued partying there well into the night. Overall the Hotel is one of the best in the city and if you are considering a function I am sure you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LSM63
<Content>We love this hotel! We spent four nights at the Monteleone, June 6-10.We paid $104 per night for a standard room which was a bit on the small side but beautiful nonetheless. This hotel has the most comfortable beds I've ever slept on! I would love to have one at home!The Monteleone is in a fantastic location on Rue Royal. We were able to walk to all of our destinations within the quarter in only a few minutes.I highly reccomend the Monteleone!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money we spent Wife and I stayed at the Monteleone in April when visiting New Orleans for a weekend, and the only positive we have to say about this hotel is that it has a great French Quarter location. In all other criterias the hotel failed to award it with a great review; at least in our opinion!For a high priced and high rated hotel, such as the Monteleone is, the rendered services do not at all match up with the value the hotel guests receive in return for the $$$'s spent for the hotel room at this hotel. The Monteleone might have been a great hotel in the past, but now in this century it shows that the hotel has aged and is old.The hotel needs (badly) an overall renovation. The (old) elevators are slow. The rooms are somewhat worn out, have thin walls and are very small with little space to move around. A view out of the rooms window is virtually non existent; maybe a tiny view overlooking Iberville and on some old buildings. The hotel staff does not seem to be very well trained and lacks real professionalism; certainly not that kind of professionalism that is expected standard from a first-class hotel with this high of a rating!The front office staff was not very friendly, and the housekeeping staff could have certainly done a much better job during our stay.In overall, we regret to say that we will not stay at the Monteleone ever again when we will return to New Orleans for another visit!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful As many other users have said this is a spectacular place. The location is unbeatable and you can get a good rate here when certain specials are going on. We stayed a holiday weekend for $99/nt. The carosel bar is quiet nice so check that out if there is room. The rooms are fairly small but the beds are awesome with plenty of pillows. The roof-top pool is very pretty but the pool itself it small. You won't be disappointed with Hotel Monteleone.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Monteleone Awesome! My fiance and I went to New Orleans for Memorial Day. We researched plenty of hotels and were very pleased with our final pick - Hotel Monteleone! It was very clean, the staff was very friendly, and the location couldn't have been better - so close to Bourbon Street that we'd run back to the hotel during our evening jaunts to use the bathroom. I would highly reccomed this hotel for anyone traveling to New Orleans and wants to stay in the French Quarter. Also, be sure to check out the Carosel Bar - a nice change from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon St., yet its large windows are great for people watching.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cvega
<Content>Will never stay anywhere else!! This was our second time at this hotel. Upon arrival, I told the front desk that it was my b-day, and that my husband and I were celebrating our wedding anniversary also. Without even asking for it, the front desk upgraded us to a Suite and sent chocolate covered strawberries and champagne up to our room! The Suites are awesome. First time we stayed here, we had a normal room, which is a little small, but who stays in their room anyways? The Suites are huge with GREAT bathrooms (2 person Jacuzzi, seperate glass shower, 2 person sink all done in marble). The beds are so very comfortable. Burbon St. is one block away, and everything is walking distance from the hotel. The D-day museum is 8 blocks away, Cafe DuMonde is about 4 blocks away, French Market is about 6 blocks away (you get the picture).The front doormen are very helpful and nice. And don't forget the pool upstairs on the roof. It's wonderful...... with a pool side bar too. They make a really good Bloody Mary. Don't go to the Spa. Not worth the money. For my b-day gift my husband bought me a 90 minute massage. I could barely walk for the next 2 days even though I told the girl to apply less pressure. She wouldn't listen. Also, the girls who work the front desk have attitude.Needless to say, my husband and I will never stay anyplace else. GREAT, GREAT HOTEL  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>french quarter high life my wife and i stayed a few nights here and loved it. we found really great deals on the net during the off season. they have a great roof top pool and the Hunt Room restaurant in the hotel was excellent. the service was great and the location was perfect for french quarter site-seeing. i believe it is the oldest hotel in the quarter. very clean.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Proud to stay at the Monteleone The Monteleone is unique, and we had a sense of pride walking into this hotel. I called and received a $199 a night rate and were placed in a very nice, clean, king, smoking room (even though we would have preferred non, but the room did not smell at all). We were told at the desk that they had this room with a window, but no view. Well, when I opened the drapes (room 382) we had a view of the brick wall about 10 feet away. We had a good laugh. The room was very nice but small. The king sized bed (extremely comfortable!) took up much of the room and sitting on the end of the bed you could look up at the tv an arm's distance away. I also used the toilet lid for additional space for my brush and curling iron. The web site pictures are accurate but I thought everything was smaller in person. The only word I would Not use to describe the hotel is spacious. This is not a bad thing because everything you would want was in this hotel. It was a GREAT location! You are 1 block from Burbon street (drinking and food for all). A great location to also walk to the Market area in the French Quarter, down to the river and also a close walk to Canal Street (main street). The Carousel bar was unique and right off of the lobby. This bar was normally crowded. The only reason I did not rate the hotel as an excellent was that the bartender was more interested in the three girls at the bar than waiting on his customers. Customers ended up waving him down a few times. On the opposite side of the Carousel bar is another attached bar that is quieter where you can sit and talk easier. I also checked out the pool and workout room. VERY NICE! It's worth a elevator ride up just to check out the view. I read in other reviews that the elevators were slow, not a big deal. I think we opted for the stairs once in our 4 day stay. We didn't eat at the hotel. With all the choices for great food within a walk why would you. The staff was nice and the doormen even stood at busy times just holding the doors wide open. My husband and I heard it was haunted so we decided to check it out. We didn't see anything at all. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Snowtrainer
<Content>Comfort, Charm, Service. Monteleone was the total package This is my first hotel review even though I seem to be travelling constantly.The Hotel Monteleone was so ideal that it actually compelled me to seek out a place to extoll it's virtues.The service was unmatched in any hotel I've ever encountered. I never felt rushed, underappreciated, or secondary. Every employee I spoke with was perfectly charming and was willing to speak at length about the hotel's proud and interesting history. They also each excelled at their jobs...it's funny in retrospect but I can remember commenting to my business partner that the front desk was the best I've dealt with, the doorman was the friendliest, the bartenders were perfectly mannered and attentive - the maids were so friendly, bright, and interesting that I hated saying goodbye.The room itself was spacious and regal in it's colors and textures the appointments all seemed perfectly matched and THE BEDS, MY GOD THE BEDS!! If you are an insomniac please report to the Monteleone immediately. It's impossible to stay awake for long. The bathroom was huge and stately, though it had no fan, and the closet/storage space more than filled the bill.The location, however, was the key for me. Royal Street runs parallel to Bourbon and is less than a minutes walk, but the noise level is incomparable. I loved visiting on Bourbon - but wouldn't want to sleep there. The Monteleone gave us instant access to the best of the N'Orleans buzz but also instant peace and quiet of being just removed from the hyper zone. Perfect, perfect, perfect. I've stayed in hotels in every major city in the US, this is the one that finally got me to write a review. I wouldn't even consider staying in another hotel when I get back to the Big Easy. Top notch across the board.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Slyman21
<Content>Lovely hotel We thoroughly enjoyed out stay here, the service was very good and the location was excellent. The hotel is located ideally in the French Quarter one block from Bourbon Street, so far enough away to avoid the noise.The reason this hotel did not get five stars was due to the small room we were given (two double beds almost filled the room) and the service charge on room service; a required 18% 'gratuity' with a $2.25 delivery charge seems a bit too high particulary as the food wasn't great.A good hotel that I would recommend, although for a slightly quieter experience consider staying closer to the river instead?!  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Terridoodle
<Content>Just Yummy!!! My husband and I spent a weekend here and just loved it! The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. We had a beautiful view of the Quarter and Mississippi River from the top floor. We found the service to be very good although we never ordered room service. Restaurants and bars are very good. Atmosphere and location are Excellent! We'll definitely be back.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CWB71
<Content>Hotel Monteleone was great! I did not know what to expect before arriving, but I was very pleasantly surprised by how nice the hotel was. I've stayed in New Orleans countless times, but I had not stayed at the Monteleone until it was recommended by a friend. It is a classic hotel, with a perfect location. My room was quite nice and clean, and the staff (especially the concierge staff) was great. I will definitely be staying there again in the future.Also, this is a great alternative for business people who might otherwise stay at the Marriott. It is right around the corner from the Marriott and also close to the JW, Sheraton, and other hotels.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location! The Hotel Monteleone is a fabulous hotel located on Royal Street in the French Quarter. While the hotel lobby and bar remained somewhat crowded during our stay (suitcases and people everywhere), we really enjoyed the ambiance of the hotel and the beautiful room. The pictures displayed on the Internet were an accurate representation of the hotel and the room we were given. This hotel is also in a great location. Everything is within easy walking distance. I will return to this hotel for my next visit.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>drjoek
<Content>Concierge Just returned from a long weekend stay in NO @ the Monteleone and really enjoyed our stay. The rooms are a bit small but very well kept up and appointed. The beds are very comfortable. Special thanks to Eva the concierge in the Monteleone who guided us to two fabulous restaurants, City tours and night club to see traditional cajun music all in all a very pleasant experience.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Piece of History I just returned from a conference in New Orleans. I could not have been more pleased with my decision to stay at Hotel Monteleone! I have never been to New Orleans before and really wanted to experience New Orleans. I did not want to stay at a hotel chain, but rather at a hotel that has stood on its own generation after generation. My favorite spot in the hotel was the Carousel Bar. It was an excellent spot to meet people and unwind from a long day of meetings or sightseeing. The hospitality was remarkable. I never felt so comfortable and welcome like I did at Hotel Monteleone. The rooms are on the small side, but I did not feel crowded sharing my two-bed room with a coworker. I do question the practicality of families trying to fit a family of four into the rooms however. I read previous visitor's comments about the beds and let me tell you I can't stress enough how comfortable the beds and pillows are!!!!! I slept like a baby! I thought my bed at home was comfortable, but thank goodness the hotel offers sales of mattress and pillows. (Info can be obtained in the gift shop.) I am ordering my new mattress and pillows this week for home! The pool was great located on the roof. The workout room was located on the roof as well. I was disappointed that I ran out of time and never got the chance to make it to the spa for any treatments. (Next time) The location is wonderful. I was hesitant about walking to Bourbon St. at first. (which is only the next block over) But I was completely safe. I walked to Bourbon St., Jackson Square, to the trolly service on Royal without any problems. Yes, there is bad areas, but you use common sense. If noone is on the street then you probable shouldn't be either. If you want to experience true southern hospitality and a comfortable stay in a perfect location then I recommend the Hotel Monteleone. Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jeremyj1234
<Content>Loved the Monteleone!!! I stayed here with my girlfriend in January 05 and we loved this old hotel. We got a vieux carre suite for $199 and it was worth every penny. Our suite had a master bathroom with a seperate jacuzzi tub and shower marble floors and dimmable lighting. There was a half bath off of the living room. These suites are on the corners and have good French Quarter views. I've heard that regular rooms can be small and this suite usually goes for $700 so you might want to look for deals. The lobby is beautiful and the carousel bar is fun. Staff was friendly and accomadating. We only had two complaints. 1) Doorman consistently did not open door 2) Slow elevators. Everything thing else was wonderful.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mbuono5
<Content>what a lovely hotel We stayed at the Monteleone the week before Easter. The hotel has an old world feeling with modern conveniences. The room was very clean and decorated nicely. After days of sightseeing the room was always cleaned and ready. The location was perfect. I would highly recommend staying here and we would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The Monteleone is a beautiful hotel and a great location. It's located within walking distance to all of the downtown attracitons. It is just 1 block from Bourbon Street. We enjoyed the nicely decorated rooms and the excelent service we recieved. It was also a good value. I would definately return to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great renovation work...perfect location My wife and I stayed at the Monteleone over Christmas holidays, and we were very impressed with the room (upgraded to a suite with a view over the Quarter), the staff and the quality of the renovation work throughout this wonderful facility. The location might be the best in town, being literally minutes from too many great restaurants and pubs to mention, Bourbon Street, Jackson Square....and Rue Royal is right out the front door.The Carousel Lounge is great; stop in and sit at the piano with George when he's on.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a tough one The positives first...the atmosphere was wonderful. the location was perfect, the room was very nice, had a touch of quaint, but was large enough to be comfortable. This was the first time I've stayed at the Monteleone, and for the money, was a good choice. When I was headed there from the airport, even the shuttle driver told me I was in for a good time.Now the negatives, which seem to be a common complaint in these reviews. I was none-too-impressed with the staff and service. Check in time is at 3pm. I arrived at the hotel at 12:45pm. I knew that was too early, didn't expect a room, so I checked my bags and went out. Checked back at 2, still no room. Back at 2:45, room wasn't ready. Basically, when they say 3, you check in at 3, not a minute earlier.When I was there, you had to call the front desk to get ice. I called three times, all three times I had to call back to remind them, the third time they never showed. When they brought the ice, it took over an hour.So five stars for the hotel, one star for the staff and service. I won't be back.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The perfect Valentine! I was there for a conference, but since my husband came along, this beautiful hotel and its prime location in the French Quarter turned a dull conference into a wonderfully romantic pre-Valentine visit. Gorgeous, immaculately clean room, with a beautiful bath and every conceivable amenity (ok, no view, but I honestly only looked out the window once, when I drew the drapes!). The staff was courteous and helpful, and the doormen were priceless - vast resources of information about restaurants, ghosts, history - you name it! Only blip - their beignet were not so tasty as was Cafe Beignet's just two blocks down - check them out!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvtotrvlChicago
<Content>Great local flavor... We've stayed at the Monteleone the last three times we've been in New Orleans and have adopted it as our hotel.  It has an ideal location,..so close to the action on Bourbon, but amidst a very nice shopping stretch on Royal Street. Restaurants, music, nightlife abound within comfortable walking distance. I've been told that the hotel is one of the city's oldest. It is very well-maintained, yet has a feeling of rich history.  The lobby is beautifully decorated, and the Carousel Lounge is one of the most interesting hotel hangouts in the city. We have not eaten at the upscale restaurant here, but have been quite pleased with the other two restaurants. The Aft Deck is particularly appealing...very nice for casual dining or to sit down for a drink while watching the passersby on the street.  The rooms are quite nice, though some are small. The service we've experienced has always been exceptional. Many people have taken that extra step or two to make our visits special ones.  We've stayed during MG week and at other much slower times. The experience is consistently excellent. I strongly recommend this hotel   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Monteleone is tops! The location could not have been better. The service from the front desk to the cleaning service was prompt and polite. Upon my request at the front desk, my hypoallergenic pillow beat me back to my room. Cozy, comfortable bed! The bathroom had to be the sparkling cleanest in town, with not a stray hair to be found. The business services department personnel were very helpful as well, even though I wasn't there on business. There are inside rooms without a view, if important to you, though. Mr. B's across the street is GREAT for lunch.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! Awesome hotel in the heart of New Orleans, beautiful room a little small but the beds were sooo comfy, and great pillows too :) Can't say that about many places. If you stay here make sure you go up to the pool, it has a great view... Splurge if you can to stay here a night or two. It is a little pricey, and it's supposed to be haunted :) We didn't see any little ghosties, so I wouldn't worry about it... Also, take the haunted history tour, it was fun!! and eat at Zydecue and Fiorellas, Fiorellas is a locals place that is across from the french market..  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Agsin and Again Have stayed at the Monteleone each time our professional organization has it's conference in New Orleans. We are scheduled to return in March and will stay there again. There is no equal in this city. Good old fashoned service in a great location.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TOTravel_Gurl
<Content>Beautiful Stay Wonderful hotel, excellent location! You are in walking distance (minutes) to Bourbon Street, Canal Street, and the French Market. The rooms were beautiful, not large, but definitely enough room for two. The hotel has completed $70 million in renovations, and it shows. The bathroom was decorated with marble tile and granite countertop. The shower was great- lots of pressure and no temperature fluctuations. The hotel bar is unique with a revolving central carousel. The Hunt Grill was wonderful- try the crab bisque and crab cakes. They left an offer in our room for a free bottle of wine with 2 entrees in the restaurant, which was a nice touch. We would definitely return to this hotel!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bertx2
<Content>I'd stay there again and again This is a beautiful hotel, in the best of locations. Royal St is a wonderful place to be. It was very clean, the people pleasant, and the the room very nice - though smal, but it is an older hotel. I have never been able to sleep in a hotel all night long - I wake up and the beds are awful. The beds here are so comfortable and the shower pressure is great. It is pricey, but we knew that. I chose this hotel on recomendation, and I will recomend it my self.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Want to go back! My daughter and I enjoyed our winter visit to New Orleans and found the Hotel Monteleone to be absolutely wonderful from the cuddlely robes to the beautifully appointed room. The staff was superb. The front desk and other staff accommodated our every whim. Security even helped tremendously when I left my camera in the room's safe. I will definitely stay again if I ever get a chance to return!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>y2flu
<Content>So much potential, but... This hotel is beautifully furnished, and the lobby is exquisite. However, the rooms are not the best, unless you're willing to pay top dollar for one of their better rooms. This hotel is no way near five stars. I guess the people who leave such high ratings are the ones who are used to staying at chain hotels. I'd give it 3 1/2 stars. Le Pavillon is far superior, especially for the price.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>True Deep South Elegance My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Monteleone for 4days and we absolutely loved it! This hotel is the oldest family-owned hotel in New Orleans and the attention to detail is seen from the Southern hospitality of the doorman to the shinning chandeliers. This hotel is one of the most historical hotels in the French Quarter and used to be a meca for literary icons such as, Truman Capote and Ernest Hemingway. The location is right on Royale street across from the beautiful antique shops and close to Antoine's and other wonderful restuarant's. We stayed three nights in a standard room, which is small, yet one must remember they are in the French Quarter. If you are from the Deep South or have travelled to this part of the country before, one knows of the limited space in one of the oldest cities in this young country of ours. We also stayed in the Ernest Hemingway suite which is the penthouse and it is exquisite! The room opens up to a private terrace and access to the roof top pool. Overall this is a place to call home in one of the most European and exciting cities in the USA.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>okguy2937
<Content>Loved the Hotel The Monteleone has been around and still reminds you of the old style hotels in a Humphery Bogart movie. The rooms have great views and the price was reasonable.The only bad part of my stay was the girl I was with! - Check out the lobby and the pool - there classics.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FloridaGator40
<Content>Don't be fooled by appearances! The Hotel Monteleone has only two things going for it....location and looks. But, don't be fooled...the rooms are way overpriced for what you actually get and the hotel staff are anything but customer-service oriented. I'd say they were downright rude. Not to bore you with the details, but while I was staying there in December, I tripped and fell onto a couple of steel ladders that were left around a corner on the floor by some elevator repairmen. I really hurt my back pretty badly. Once the hotel staff heard the story, they decided that they were not legally responsible (since the ladders belonged to the elevator company and not the hotel) and were pretty much DONE with me. I spent the whole last day of vacation in my room and nobody from the hotel contacted me to see if I was okay until 10 p.m. that night, when I was already trying to sleep. At one point during the day, my husband called the desk to see if they could send up an ice pack or heating pad, and they curtly directed him to the nearest Walgreen's drug store. All I can say is this: There are a lot of hotels in New Orleans with good location, good looks, and better service for less money. Find one and stay there...not the Hotel Monteleone!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thistleman
<Content>Not a good choice ! If I could have rated this hotel zero, I would do.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, as I had a very similar experience to someone below, wherin I had prebooked an upgrade to a Deluxe king and was charged for this, even though I was obviously put in a superior/standard room.This was a special occasion for us, and although I did not let it be ruined, I did expect some recompense.Today I rcvd a response to my complaint, and an apology is certainly not enough.As far as I am concerned they are crooks, and if you care to peruse previous reviews, I am not the first, nor will be the last to experience this!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missagain
<Content>classy place the best location in the french quarter but close to canal st, casino, aquarium, shopping, streetcars-very nice rooms and baths. 'definitely will be back.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small things add up. We just spent 4 days over New Years at the Monteleone, and based on the web site and the reviews many things were very nice. The location is great and it is a classic and beautiful hotel. The room was lovely and clean, and the service was decent. BUT small things can ruin a stay and the odd thing is that most of these things never occur at other hotls of this quality.First right over our bed were 2 very bright obtrusive smoke alarms that blinked quite brightly all night. I was able to sleep, but just not that well. Then the Bet while comfortable had a mattress and Box spring that translated every single movement of my partner into an earthquake. also very unsettling. Finally we had an early flight and needed a 4:30 am wake up (ugh) I called to confirm this twice so as not to mess up, but they called be at 4 am. not a huge thing, but at that time of the morning every extra minute is precious. Little things left me feeling unrested.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classic Lady for the right person. I have been visiting New Orleans once a year for the past 24 years. Last year I stayed at the Monteleone for the first time. It's a grand hotel with a magnificant lobby. I was there for a conference and the room I was put in was small and overlooking Iberville with little view of anything but some buildings. Room was exceedingly small. Too small for the two of us. If there are bigger rooms I would highly recommend them or you will be disappointed. The roof pool is amazing and a wonderful treat. The bar is nice and revolves. The concierge was a woman who could hardly care about helping me find reservations to a restaurant and was not helpful in the least. The front desk staff was ok, nothing to write home about. Location is great. Can't be beat.If you like location and the chance to stay in a wonderful slice of old New Orleans then you will like this place. Just upgrade to a new room and have your dinner reservations prepared ahead of time.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a GREAT!!!! Place We just got back from staying 3 nights (12/27-12/30) at the Monteleone and it was fantastic. The location is perfect, close enough to french quarter and bourban st. but far enough from the noise. We walked every where, ie: french market, riverwalk, trolleys, ect. The service was wonderful. Frank the doorman made us feel right at home from the minute we stepped out of the shuttle. Talked to us every day. Every staff member greeted us with a hello and how was our stay. We were in the elevator when a regular bellhop came in and asked if we needed anything and hope our stay was going well.  Reading the other reviews about the rooms being small, I saved and got the renovated mini suite (special at 189.00 per night) and it was well worth it. View of the river (yes some building tops to, but that did not bother us) and the paddle river boats. The decor was excellent and fancy. It came with a jacuzzi tub and seperate all glass shower. They turn down the beds and leave you chocolate. Bathroom fixtures were gold plated and marble counters. Towels were all folded fancy and there was even a sticker on the toilet paper to hold a fancy fold. There is internet service, but you have to pay for it. The hotel cafe has the best breakfast buffet at 13.00. The TGI Fridays a block away also has a buffett which is cheaper (11.95), but it is not as good. Walgreens is just across the street for other needs like snacks and meds. All in all it was a great experience and we will definetily go back to the Monteleone. If you have any questions, shoot me an e-mail.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A move up! After booking another hotel for our trip and being very disgusted in our choice, we took the advice of an aquaintance and moved to the Monteleone. The room was small, but very nicely decorated and CLEAN! We found the service to be wonderful - the staff friendly and helpful. Our vacation was in December until the 15th. The location is also another asset. Beware of the trolley. It does not run on time and the wait can be lengthy. We came in out of the blue and asked for adjoining rooms, since we were traveling with another couple, and they immediately placed us with no problem. The rate was great too!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel is a mix bag Stayed here in September on business. I got to the hotel in the early evening. It had been a long flight and I was hoping to find excellent serivce. That was not to be. I got out of the cab to find no one at the door. I had to manage the door and my luggage up the stairs to the lobby. The first room I was put in was on the seventh floor. After checking in there was again no one who could be found to assist with the luggage. I should add here that as a woman traveling alone I value this sort of service. Upon arriving at my room, the first thing I noticed was that the door on the room did not close properly and that it was across from a maid closet. At that point I was too tired to care. I should have. I awoke at six in the morning to the local gossip courtesy of the maids. I could clearly hear the whole tale. They did seem to be concern that the guests might be sleeping. I contacted the front desk and they agreed to move me. I was moved to a room on the 12th floor much quieter. The front desk indicated someone would help me change rooms. By late in the day no one had arrived. I went to the front desk got the new room key and moved myself. The new room was much better. During the week I stay the daytime doorman was rarely avalible to open the door, instead he spent most of the day talking on the phone in the entry way. I never did see any one from the bell staff. When I checked out, again no one was around to help with my luggage so I did it myself.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away from this one!! My husband and I booked a deluxe king, non smoking room with a river view for our anniversary and when we checked in we were given a small room with ashtray and overlooking rooftops. When we returned to the front desk to tell them of the mistake, the booking manager Theress came out to tell us that was all she had. The ashtray; all rooms are supplied with ashtrays. We tried everything but she wouldn't budge. She made no effort at all to be helpful. We returned to the room and really had an awful stay. The walls are paper thin, you can hear everything in the next room, even though the people were having normal conversations. The rudeness of the booking manager was insulting but she had the power and we were stuck. Hope this will dissaude you from going here. There are too many other choices! 12/26/04  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad overall My wife and I statyed there for 5 nights, and overall we had a pretty good time. The breakfast served at the hotel is one of the best in the French Quarter. They have a booth in the lobby for Grayline Tours. This makes it easy to do all your trip booking while you stay at the hotel. We found the staff to be very friendly, and attentive. The only problem we found was the policy on smokers. My wife and i do not smoke and specfically asked for a non smoking room. While this was all confirmed prior to check in they placed a smoker in the room next to us. The rooms allow you to smell the smoke very well due to the way theyare constructed. The hotel made it up to us by upgrading our room and from that point on the stay was very pleasant. You will pay $22.00 a day for parking, but that is the case no matter where you stay in the french quarter( prices may vary from place to place but $20 is the average). The standard rooms are ok from what we could see but the deluxe rooms are much better, and the suites are well worth the money. Check the online get the best deal on your room per night.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful hotel I just came back from an exciting trip to New Orleans during the Thanksgiving break. I stayed at Hotel Monteleone for 3 nights. My room was on the top floor. There wasn't much view because it's facing a building and the bottom window glasses were opaque. The room was on the small side, but it has enough space for a king-size bed, a huge TV cabinet, a nightstand, a desk, a chair and a sofa. I absolutely loved the bathroom, which was very spacious with great black marble floor and spotless bathtub. It was very quiet at night. The hotel staff were very nice. The location is great! It is one block off Bourbon street and very close to a few of my favorite restaurants, such as Acme's Oyster Bar, Mr. B's Bistro, Bourbon House Seafood, and Felix's Restaurant.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kathieann
<Content>Wonderful!!!! My husband and I spent 3 nights here recently. We were pleasantly surprised with our standard room. It was nicely decorated, clean and quite spacious. The location is excellent- just one block from Bourbon Street, and an easy walk to some great restaurants and Riverwalk. Be sure to have a drink at the Carousel bar located in the lobby.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beachboy1
<Content>Best Stay As the picky general manager of a upscale Hotel, I did my research and picked this hotel. It was one of the best hotel stays I have ever had. The location is the best in town, you can walk to everything. The rooms and service were excellent, no wonder its a family owned and operated hotel. Will without a doubt stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nanwie
<Content>Best of everything in NO Location...location...location!!! The Monte is located in the French Quarter, but on Royal St which is much quieter than the wild and crazy Bourbon St only one block away! You will love everything about this beautiful hotel ... even though, as previously reported, the rooms are not massive. We had a superior deluxe king room ... a square room with very tall ceilings giving it the illusion of being larger than it actually was. Along with the king bed the room offered a comfy chair, desk, 2 side tables and a massive armoire housing large TV, mini-bar, adequate drawer space, narrow side closets, ironing board and iron. All bathrooms are luxurious with marble and granite and a wonderful shower with powerful jets. All rooms should be equipped with robes ... our wasn't, but we called and they were immediately delivered to the room. When we return it will definitely be to the magnificent Monte.A note about the food in NO ... the best on this PLANET! The Commander's Palace located in the quiet and beautiful Garden District is a MUST! We've had food and service comparable only in NY at Le Cirque and in Venice at Harry's! Also, if you like gumbo, you shouldn't miss the Gumbo Shop and the Sunday jazz brunch at Arnaud's was lovely, but I think we should have tried The Court of Two Sisters for their renowned jazz brunch as we heard rave reviews! ENJOY!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>edward04
<Content>Disaster. Got walked to a non-French Quarter lower grade hotel After making reservations weeks in advance, they call me two days prior to trip to tell me they are overbooked. Say they got me a room at another place. Rather than staying in French Quarter, we were walked all the way to warehouse district, 1.5-miles away to a Hilton Garden, which is a much lower star rated hotel. Kicker is we had to pay same rate! I asked reservations manager why we weren't found a room in French Quarter and she said it would have cost them too much, even though rooms were available!Had to spend $20 a day on cabs to get to our conference in the Quarter. Same manager blamed the overbooking on their computer system. Offered to find us a room in the French Quarter but then never returned call.I assume they don't treat their actual guests much better. As a frequent traveler to New Orleans for business, I will never do business with this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shyyydoggg
<Content>Terrific Standard Room and Upgrade to Suite I loved this hotel! When I was a very poor student in New Orleans, I would walk by the classy hotels in the Quarter and dream about staying in one of them someday. Finally stayed at the Monteleone in late August for a meeting and was assigned a standard room in the older wing. The elevator was old and slow (ok by me), but the hallways were plush and quiet with large heavy doors leading into the rooms. My room on the 7th floor was an interior room, so no view, but the styling was classic and delightful. Wonderful marble bathroom, a really cozy and luxurious feel (and only $99 for the conference rate). A totally suitable and sufficient experience, but on my last day of the meeting, upgraded to a suite (room 1280?) on the corner with a great river and Quarter view. The bathroom was a trip, and as many windows as I've ever seen with very plush interior (cost 159.00 to upgrade, however, but a really nice splurge). This is a great old-time hotel with real comfort, especially for the price. And the pool area and bar are also the best, with a sensational view. Highly recommended, but don't know about the newer wing of the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cpatl
<Content>Monteleone was wonderful for my parents I sent my parents to New Orleans as an anniversary gift and it was very important to me that they stay in a hotel with friendly service and nice amenities. They stayed 3 mights at the Monteleone and said it was wonderful. I contacted reservations to make sure the room I had reserved was in fact a deluxe with a window, large room and a nice view. The reservations manager was extremely polite and helpful, and they upgraded my parents to a suite and had a bottle of wine and some chocolate covered strawberries waiting for them upon arrival. Although it rained in New Orleans the entire weekend of their visit, my parents were very happy because they were so close to everything and their room and hotel was so beautiful they didn't mind being indoors more than planned. I have not stayed at this hotel myself, but plan to the next time we visit, especially after such wonderful reviews from my parents.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeafoodQueen
<Content>Suited us Well The Monteleone was not our first choice, but NO was busy that weekend. We'd hoped for somewhere a bit more typically French Quarter with all the wrought iron  stuff. But at the time we went (April 2004) the 拢 was very strong against the $ and we felt we could splash out a bit.The Monteleone was very comfortable, and conveniently located. The only thing wrong with it was that it lacked some of the character that we look for in hotels - though it did have more character than an anonymous chain hotel. The Carousel bar was fun, though not cheap, and the roof terrace was a good spot to relax in the middle of the city.No reason to advise anyone not to stay here!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Monteleone - class and location Just got back from a wonderful, long weekend in New Orleans at the Monteleone. This hotel is perfect for couples or for friends on a reunion trip, which is what I was doing. The location is excellent. No worries about getting anywhere - you can walk. The hotel is filled with history and has the ambience you want in a city like New Orleans. The room was wonderfully decorated and the price we paid per night was excellent - much lower than the advertised rate. So I'd suggest calling and talking to them personally to see what can be done. I don't know what kind of accommodations they have that would be suitable for children. The bar in the hotel has lots of history, too, and it revolves. I will definitely return and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Monteleone!!!!!! The Monteleone was a great experience, and I definitely plan to return. I stayed in the standard room and got a low $89 off-season rate. For that price, I was blown away by how nice the room was, and in the future I'd be satisfied paying significantly more for the same room. The rooms were very well decorated and came with all the amenities you'd expect, the baths were granite and marble, the beds were plush, and of course it was all immaculate. The hotel has a great location on Royal Street, and the Carousel Bar downstairs is a fun novelty. One caveat: do remember that parking is an additional fee and requires you to use the valet service. But, you have complete freedom to come and go from the garage, and you can't expect any better parking situation in the French Quarter. In sum, this is one great hotel!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five Stars!! We stayed at Monteleone last weekend  loved the place. The hotel rooms are spotless, the rooms are beautifully decorated and now I understand the bragging on the beds! It was pure luxury. The staff catered to our every need. The breakfast bar was impressive  that gravy was to die for! And when we returned from breakfast our room had already been cleaned. Being able to access the internet from our room was a nice surprise  the minibar was nicely stocked  fairly reasonable. I did question whether or not we had a deluxe room it did seem small, but they said that we did. We stayed on the 3rd floor, but next time I would definitely request an upper floor from what I hear. It is located in the middle of everything  it's like an oasis from the busy streets of New Orleans. I definitely will return.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>islandguy58
<Content>Love The Monteleone We just returned from a wonderful weekend in New Orleans. We loved The Monteleone, great staff, make sure and check out the Carousel Bar, heavenly beds.... location, location  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay We recently spent eight nights at the Monteleone. Overall, it was a very good stay. We cannot say enough good things about staff we experienced; Raoul, one of the bell staff, was helpful and kind; Silvio, in Le Cafe, was a marvel at putting a smile on our faces at breakfast every morning; Marvin Allen (try his awesome award-winning Southern Comfortini!), Michael, and Parker at the Carousel Bar were excellent in their service; and housekeeping/turndown service was wonderful, except for the second Saturday, when our room was not made until between 3:30 or 4 in the afternoon, and we were not given enough towels. The hotel is very clean, classy, and quiet, no issues at all with the building or service staff. My only complaint with this establishment is that I was told we had a deluxe room, which is the largest of rooms before bumping up to a salon or suite, BUT we actually had a superior room (larger than standard, but smaller than deluxe). We had no problem with that since we had summer rates, but when I attempted to book again for December over the phone, I asked for a DELUXE room SIMILAR to the one we had this summer, meaning deluxe king bed, high floor, river view. I was booked over the phone at the deluxe rate, then found on the confirmation email I was booked for a SUPERIOR room. I inquired via email about that, explaining that we had requested a deluxe room SIMILAR to the one we had stayed in, and I was told the room we had this summer WAS a superior room, then when I again requested a deluxe room via email, I got no response. I then called the hotel to cancel the reservation. I was asked why, and I told the representative we could stay in a suite elsewhere for about the same price as what they were charging for a superior room, when we had requested a deluxe room, and I knew full well deluxe rooms were available. I was told, Thank you. Here is your cancellation number.... Be very specific with the room you reserve here. We would not hesitate to stay here again, due to the terrific service from the staff you actually have face-to-face contact with, but we would appreciate up-front truth about the room we are reserving from the reservationists over the phone and via email.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>natty13
<Content>Wonderful place to stay! Just came back from NO! Had a wonderful time. Stayed at the Monteleone and enjoyed every minute of it. Got a standard room with two double beds which appeared to be a little larger than the one kingsize bed in the other rooms. Very tastefully decorated and clean I cant say enough good things about the beds. Soooo comfy! Employees of the hotel were friendly and don't forget to see Mike the bartender at the Carousel Bar. He made us feel right at home. The location is within walking distance of just about everything. I will definitley be staying there on my next trip.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eno1
<Content>Best Trip Ever Just returned from a perfect trip to New Orleans.Can't say enough about the hotel.Great location - steps to bourbon street but did not hear any of the late night noise at all. Royal street is beautiful.Front desk couldn't have been more helpful along with all of the other staff. When I return - hopefully next year, this will be the only hotel that I will stay at. Had previously stayed at the Sheraton - nice hotel but did not have the location or the atmosphere of the Monteleone  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bellisima! We love this hotel! My sons and I stayed there on two occasions and we had spacious, nicely decorated rooms with lovely bathrooms and views of the French Quarter. The lobby with its painted ceiling, crystal chandeliers and grandfather clock is gorgeous. The hotel is in a terrific location and quiet (guess we missed the construction). We enjoyed swimming in the lovely rooftop swimming pool and working out in the modern fitness center. Staff was friendly and helpful. Going in the summer, we got great rates. We will definitely return to the Monteleone, but will make sure to ask for a deluxe room since other reviewers have complained of the small size.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Monteleone My girfriends and I always plan a summer trip for the Girls only. This year we went to the Essence Festival July 2-4. We stayed at the Hotel Monteleone. The hotel was fabulous; the rooms were very nice and clean.. and the staff was very friendly and accomodating. Had such a wonderful time; I will be staying there again next month when I go back for a Business trip.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Location in the Quarter, So Overlook a Few Things The Monteleone is right on Royal Street a few blocks from Jackson Square. This is really one the busiest but prettiest parts of the Quarter, especially early in the morning. Check out the alley behind the hotel and also the nearby Napoleon House Bar.It is true that the rooms are quite small, but isn't that really true of all old hotels. And Truman Capote wasn't concieved in one of your fancy new hotels was he?So, go and enjoy the lobby, stepping out right in the middle of everything, and stop holing-up in your room, do that at home.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lhusted
<Content>Encountered Many Problems Before I go into the problems we encountered I also want to say that the hotel itself is very nice, the rooms are tastefully decorated and the bathrooms are beautiful. The rooms are tiny, so if you are traveling with children you will feel very cramped (we had our children with us and were literally tripping over each other). The location is great. The problems we encountered have more to do with service and organization among the staff. I made reservations for connecting rooms with double beds since we were traveling with our three children and my mother, the day we were to arrive I called to confirm, the front desk person told me that the connecting rooms had already been blocked for us. When we arrived late at night after a long day of travel we check-in and at check-in I remind the front desk person about our rooms, she said that we did have connecting rooms. We lug our stuff and kids to the rooms and they are not connecting. We go back to the front desk and the front desk person says that they show them as connecting (even though they are not) and appologizes and tries to find connecting rooms. She is not able to and informs us that those are the only rooms available for that night, but that she can move us to connecting rooms for the four remaining nights. So, we have no choice but to stay in the rooms since it was almost 1AM. It was hard with three young children and I'm sure we drove the neighbors crazy going back and forth between rooms that night trying to get exhausted, cranky kids settled and the following morning trying to get them ready. The following day we go to the front desk to change rooms and the front desk person says that there has been a mistake and that the rooms are not going to be available the last night of our stay because that entire wing of the hotel is going to have no electricity and there are not connecting rooms in the part of the hotel that is remaining open and that she does not know why the person the night before failed to remember that. So, we take the rooms since we have already wasted a good portion of our first day in New Orleans checking in with the hotel to see of the new rooms were ready and then moving our stuff. The front desk also told us that the new rooms were on the opposite side of the hotel, but that there was a hall that connected the wings on the 10th floor. She failed to mention that there were four steps to get up to the connecting hall and four steps on the other side. It was extremely hard to go up and down those stairs with children and luggage (even though all our luggage had wheels) but we were already so far from the elevators and so close to the other rooms. I also had to spend a good deal of my vacation time calling other hotels trying to find connecting rooms for our last night. I did find them and had a wonderful stay at the Chateau Sonesta (which is THE place to stay if you have kids with you or just enjoy LARGE rooms.) So, even though the hotel is lovely and the tiny rooms might be just the thing for a couple wanting to be close, it is not the place for families and the hotel can work on it's organization/knowledge.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! From the moment we walked into this lovely Hotel, we knew we had booked the right one. The lobby is breathtaking, with it's painted ceilings and ornate wood work. The staff was always helpful and available. The rooms were very clean and the maid service perfect. The rooftop pool was a wonderful treat and the fitness center had great equipment. This Hotel is close to everything! It was very easy to walk any place in the French Quarter. We had a deluxe room which offers a view of the French Quarter or Mississippi. I recommend the Mississippi view. I was told that the deluxe rooms are a little bigger than the regular rooms. I recommend the deluxe rooms. When we visit New Orleans again, we will always stay at the Hotel Monteleone!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Monteleone, fantastic! I wanted to share New Orleans with my 13-year old as I love that city. After researching several French Quarter establishments, I decided on the Monteleone as I had not stayed there before. Check in and out was wonderfully simple and everyone was so pleasant. They even have a Grey Line Tour desk there which helped us a lot! My son loved the rooftop pool and exercise room, which we took advantage of everyday that we stayed there. The only negative was the steep rate for parking as we drove. The rooms were beautiful and we asked for and got a great view on the 14th floor.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Started off bad, got better We booked an air/hotel deal through travelocity for a 5 night, 6 day stay at the Monteleone. We arrived on July 4th at about 12:30 am. We got our luggage up the small flight of steps into the lobby, while the bell hop sat and chatted with another employee. Only when we got to the front desk did he offer to help us with our bags. We were told that they did not have the double double we had reserved, they only had a room with one king size bed, but with a great view. This did not work for us as there were three adults in our party. When we asked for a rollaway we were told there were none available. After arguing with the front desk clerk and night manager for about 15 minutes, we finally went up to the room and my husband slept on the floor. We were quite put out by the whole experience because the front desk clerk was really snooty about the whole thing. She basically told us that when you book through a third party there is no room guarantee, you get whatever they have available on the night you show up. We had the entire 5 page printout with us from travelocity and asked her to show us where it said that among the many disclaimers that were printed on it. She glanced through it for a couple minutes and then basically said it didn't really matter, they didn't have the room anyway. She did offer the put a block on a double double room, so we could move into it the next night as soon as it became available. The great view was of the rooftop of the parking garage. The next day we requested a move to the room we had originally booked and we were accomodated. We were also given a coupon for free breakfast at the hotel's restaurant to make up for our inconvenience. Other than that things improved. We thought the rooms were of adequate size and clean. The hotel staff were pleasant and friendly and the concierge made reservations for us at NOLA. The bar was great, not too crowded, and the bartenders were friendly and competent. The breakfast buffet was good in the hotel's restaurant. Mr. B's Bistro (one of the Brennan restaurants) is right across the street, and we had an excellent meal there.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Monteleone, but encountered some issues!! My friends and I stayed at the Monteleone during the Essence Festival last year. We enjoyed our stay at the hotel, although the first room we were in was small, but we were moved to a bigger room. The hotel workers were very kind and helpful and did everything possible to make our stay enjoyable. Our main issue was being scammed by a so-called friend that we met the year before, so be careful, especially when it comes to the cab/hotel fees. Overall my friends and I enjoyed ourselves despite some of the issues we've encountered. This hotel is in the perfect location to everything (i.e., Bourbon St., Walgreens, police dept, ect.). Also, we would recommend that you eat breakfast at the hotel's restaurant, instead of ordering room service because it's a lot cheaper. We would visit the Monteleone again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lpooluk
<Content>Perfect Location - Tiny Room! As previously stated many times on this website, the location is perfect, just one block from Bourbon Street. The rooms however were so small it was almost depressing. The beds however were extremely comfortable. The noisy construction woke me up every morning. Be aware of the doorman trying to trick you into getting a taxi to the airport when it's typically cheaper to get the shuttle.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Location BUT... I stayed at the Hotel Monteleone with two friends for a conference and sight seeing. The lobby of the hotel is beautiful especially the huge grandfather clock at the center of the lobby (great picture spot!). You cannot get a better location in N.O.!! It's in walking distance of everything!! BUT we encountered some specific problems with the hotel service. The first night we were there, my friend noticed a permanent brown stain on the pillow case so she turned it over. The next night we had a pillow fight and as she lifted her pillow the SAME stain was still there! I guess they did not change our sheets. The next problem occured with the doorman. When we arrived to N.O. we scheduled  paid for the airport shuttle on the day of departure. The day we were leaving, the doorman said that we had no reservations for a shuttle, but he can hook us up with his taxi driver buddy. We kindly thanked him and asked for our shuttle since we already paid for it and it was much cheaper, but all of a sudden he starts to argue with us and begins to yell at one of my friends. Within 5 min. we had a full blown argument on the curb in front of everyone, he threw the reservation tickets at my friend, and with anger he allowed us to get into the shuttle, while he removed people that did not have reservations. Overall, it's a great hotel, but stay away from the hotel workers!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Take the Good With the Bad We booked under the special summer rate of $88, which already had us really excited. The location was excellent...within walking distance of many attractions. The original room we were given, room 534 (BEWARE any rooms that end in 34, or are on a corner) was WAY too small. You could not open the armoire and walk by the bed, nor could you get into the closet with someone standing near you...and the bottom armoire drawers had to be perpetually opened, because the bed was in the way! Also, the bathroom was extremely cramped, and the knob for the shower kept popping off. WELL, THAT WASN'T THE WORST OF IT. At 6:30AM, construction was started outside (I think they were pressure washing the building) and did not stop until 8:00AM. We had a wonderful view of the rooftop of the buildings nearby (awful!) as well as the side of the Bienville side of the Hotel (even worse). We did bring this to the hotel's attention, and surprinsgly, we were moved to the 14th floor, and to a much more spacious room (through a tiny gap in the scaffolding, we could see the Mississippi). At that point, our feelings about the hotel were changed, even though we felt slighted the first night we were there. Front desk service was good, the concierge was helpful, and the overall experience, apart from the first night, was about par for what we expected from New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>French Quarter Perfection Our seventh anniversary trip to NO, but our first stay at the Monteleone. We shopped as usual for a deal and the BB special at $129 including full American breakfasts for two reeled us in. We expected sort of bargain accomodations-WRONG! Our room was beautiful, service excellent, terrific view of the French Quarter,and every staff member made us feel that making our stay enjoyable was their top priority. The gravy on the breakfast buffet was the best ever BAR NONE and the location could not have been better. Looking forward to our next stay at this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED this hotel We stayed at this hotel on May 10, 2004. It was beautifuly decorated, clean and the staff was wonderful. I felt very safe in this area of the quarter and if I came back to N.O. this would be the only place I would stay.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most comfortable bed I've ever slept in! I would go there again and again and again. The beds are the best, the view is wonderful, and the location is great. Royal Street is wonderful to take a stroll. You are in the heart of the French Quarter and everything that you would want to enjoy about the Big Easy is at your fingertips.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IntrepidfromMontreal
<Content>Pretty good but a few caveats Had I not just stayed at the Royal Sonesta on Bourbon St., I'd rate the Monteleone higher. However, I cannot help but compare the 2 hotels, being located only a block and half apart. What's good about the Monteleone is the renovated, albeit small bathroom (no counter space to spread out my toiletries); the tap water doesn't leave your hands slimy after you've washed them; comfy bed w/ turndown service and mint chocolates. And of course, the revolving Carousel Bar is a cool hangout. Here's where it goes a bit awry: street noise and constant garbage truck collection impedes your sleep and serenity; static-ridden clock radio that grates on your ears (I ended up turning it off); no newspaper on your door (you have to walk across the street to buy it yourself?!?); inefficient elevator service. If I was staying here more than just the 2 nights, I'd have asked to change my room to a quieter side. The Monteleone is a very nice hotel, but it is not the ne ultra plus in plush comfort.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, elegant hotel Wasn't sure what to expect from the 50th ranked hotel in NOLA and because of a few of the reviews here. Worried it would be tiny rooms, noisy and rude staff. WOW! Couldn't have been better. The room was number 1432, had a view of the bend of the river, the most comfortable king bed I have ever slept upon, was just big enough for two people and we had very little noise from the outside. Housekeeping was fantastic. Not bothersome (would let us sleep in) and kept a very clean room. In fact, the staff appeared very concerned to not make too much noise. Very nice! The bathroom was beautiful marble and extra clean.The hotel lobby (classic and beautiful) and staff (from the doormen to the desk clerks) was top class and refined. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The carousel bar was great, albeit, this is my one complaint. The posted bar times are from 10:00a.m. ... 'til. Well 'til seemed to be 1:30 a.m. every night regardless of how full the bar was. (not much of a complaint, but the only one I can come up with.) Lastly, talk about location. It was great! Location, location and location. Can't think of anywhere that wasn't within a good stretch of the legs. Bourbon St. being one block over was great for access and lack of noise. Acme Oysters, Felix, Dickie Brennans, Arnaud's, Louis XVI's, NOLA, Napoleon House, Johnny's, etc., etc., all right close, as was the Canal St. trolly....We'll definitely be staying there again and again!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The only place to stay! I've stay at the Monteleone every year during my vacation. I find this hotel to be the nicest place to stay. The staff are professional and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel2008vancouver
<Content>I loved it ! I recently stayed at the Monteleone during Mardi Gras. I loved it ! What a wonderful hotel. The lobby is fantastic and so is the Carosel Bar. The restuarant was great with a super and fairly priced breakfast buffet. The staff were awesome ! My room was a small standard double on the 5th floor. The decor was superb and the bed fabulous. Great sheets and super comfortable. The bathroom was marble and granite and spotless. The maid service could not have been better. The room was clean and very comfortable. Sure it was small but for me just fine. I loved the hotel, the staff were fantastic and the rooms great. I woul not consider staying anywhere else and I am already planning my next trip. Give them a try you will be impressed !  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Atmosphere Small Cozy Rooms. Nice friendly, helpful staff.Will come back again. Was in town for the races.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a pleasant hotel in a fine location We we were there in January 2004. Outside room facing the river was of decent size and comfortable. Breakfast in their cafe was good and at an average hotel price. My understanding is that inner rooms (close upon other buildings or walls) are less pleasant. Concierge eager to please and competent. Well-located in French quarter, only a few blocks in from Canal and in easy walking distance of good restaurants, museums, etcetera. Would gladly return. Paid $160 per night.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small room, Dirty bathroom, Slow Elevator, Very Noisy I stayed at this hotel from December 31, 2003 to January 3, 2004. The room was the smallest hotel room I have ever been in. The tv armoire at the end of the bed was so close, you had to turn sideways to walk inbetween them to get to the closet. We had a lovely view of the Quarter and the river but also of the ongoing constuction. The bathroom was dirty, we had to clean the light switch which was covered with a yellow film and the sides of the toilet appeared to have never seen a scrub brush. I have given this hotel an OK rating only for the quickness of checkin, the location and the extremely helpful concierge. While the lobby was lovely, the elevators were the slowest in the world. The roof top pool was nice as well as the panoramic views of the Quarter. I would not stay here again or recommend the hotel. Nice to visit, but too small and noisy for comfort.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xiphoid76
<Content>World's smallest rooms, but one of the nicest staffs I am perplexed by the reviews about this hotel. I am an avid reader of this website and was staying at this hotel for a convention. The reviews have been so mixed I was unsure of what I was going to be in for. After a 5 day stay I have to say it is mixed, although I feel disappointed overall. My friends were staying at Loft 523 and had a terrific room - their bathroom was bigger than my entire room. The room itself is pathetic - unbelievable small. That is not an understatement - it was the smallest room I believed I have ever stayed at! You had to walk sideways to get between the bed and the TV stand. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was adequate, but the room is so depressing to walk into to. The closet is also very small with no room for much. Construction is going on all over the hotel as well (should be done by Feb 2004) and noise and inconvenience abound well into the night. Elevators are tediously slow as well. Positives include the people - everyone I encountered from doorman to receptionist to concierge were very friendly and helpful. The location is great, but it is not worth the money - my aforementioned friends were staying at Loft 523 - not a 5 minute walk with a beautifal room for 50 dollars less per night. Everything in New Orleans is within walking distance, so it is not worth it to pay so much for actually staying IN the French Quarter.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>futurelawyer2005
<Content>The Only Hotel You Should Stay At!! Where do I begin? I planned our week-long, Thanksgiving, mom-and-dad-only vacation over 4 months ago. When doing my research, I decided on the Monteleone. I could have never chosen a better hotel! It was way more than I could have ever expected. I didn't grasp what the other reviewers were truly staying until I got there. Just looking at the outside of the hotel gives you goosebumps. By the way, the door men's names are Stefan (the best), Darrel, (good) and David (terrific). They will get you anything or get you to anywhere you want to go. Just remember, when tipping, $1 for each bag of luggage they move, $3 if they hail you a taxi and $2 for tourist information. It's the polite thing to do. Same tipping rules go for the baggage check people and the bell hops. The lobby/reception area of the hotel is beautiful. A little more mute than I expected but grand. They have construction going on in parts of the hotel but we never heard or saw a thing. We stayed in room 1048 and while the rooms are a little small, we didn't go on vacation to spend all the time in the room. The beds are magnificent!!!!!! They are sooooo comfortable and the pillows are overstuffed with down!! The bathroom walls, floor, sink and tub were all made of marble. The shower heads and water pressure are absolutely the best!!!! There are mirrors everywhere in the bathroom. They give you not only shampoo and conditioner, but an unscented glycerine bar for your face and an oatmeal bar for your bath, instead of the cheap, wafer thin soap bars you get everywhere else. They do provide hairdryers but they are not very good. But, what they do provide that is good is the coffee!!!! They give you both a package of decaf and regular Chez Parisien coffee each day. C'etait magnifique!! They only give you one sugar, creamer and SweetNLow for two people but you can always request more coffee, creamers, sugars, ice etc. and they will bring it right to you. The only problem we found with that is the only working ice machine on our side of the hotel was on the 15th floor, so if you called for ice, it took them 30 minutes to bring it to you. I suggest you take the elevators and go get it yourself so it only takes 2 minutes. Speaking of the elevators, I hope you don't get queasy. They go extremely fast but they don't make you feel like you are going to wind up on your butt. The hangers in the closet are real, mahogany stained wood. They only gave us a dozen but we requested more and they brought us a dozen more wire hangers. The only REAL drawback to our hotel was that everything costs. The high speed internet access in our room was an etherport, which we didn't have, and it costs 5.95 per hour or 9.95 a day. The internet access on the tv costs 19.95 for a day and you can't access your emails with it. You get about 25 top channels for free but if you want to go outside of that, you have to pay by the event. Our view was decent. The Quarter is all crammed in with buildings everywhere so if you see rooftops, consider yourself lucky you got a view. The curtains were nice and heavy so I could shut them and still pretend it was dark outside so I could sleep in late. =) Because it is on Royal St, it has IMMEDIATE access to everything. Walgreens is downstairs on the left corner. TGIFriday's is on the left-south corner. Mr. B's Bistro is on the right corner and McDonald's, New Orleans Praline Shop, Bourbon St., Brennan's, the Police Station and a million other things are all within 25 steps or so. Le Cafe inside the Monteleone serves an EXCELLENT and EXTENSIVE breakfast and lunch buffet for a reasonable New Orleans price. The Hunt Room Grill is pricey but the food is good. The Aft Deck Oyster Bar inside the hotel was ridiculous. It is overpriced, nasty, skimpy on the portions and the staff is slow. The Carousel Bar offers decently priced drinks. Take a camera and go up to the Riverview Roof and take pictures of the entire city. The pool is small but we didn't go there to swim. We can swim anywhere we go. The fitness room is pretty good to. And free. They also give you an iron and an ironing board. You must get the turn-down service!!! They come in in the evening, turn down your sheets, place a card on your bed with the next day's forecast on it and place chocolates on your bed!! It a real treat!! Beware of the toilets. If you have to go potty in the night, be courteous to your mate and don't flush it until the morning!! The water pressure is so great, it sounds like a hurricane in the potty!! LOL There is an ATM in the lobby but it costs $3 to use. So, we went next door to Walgreen's, developed our film, used our debit card to pay and got cash back that way. We didn't use the concierge service while there because we know NOLA already. When we checked in, I asked for the highest up room we could get. We then checked our bags and went for lunch. When we came back, I asked what view we got and she said an alley. I told her that I asked for the highest room up and IMMEDIATELY she upgraded us and moved us up higher and to a nicer room. Something to think about. If you want to ask me any specific questions, email me. I'll be happy to share info with you. Have a great vacation!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, thin wallsw Stayed here Thanksgiving night of 2003. Beautiful hotel with nice vintage architecture and decoration. Room was slightly small and quaint but cozy. The downfall is the thin walls in the guest room that do much of nothing when it comes to noise. We heard the people in the room next to us and could understand their conversations, what they were watching on tv, and anything else you care to imagine. We would have been satisfied with some type of exhaust fan in the bathroom to create some white noise to drown out some of the racket, but there was none. In short, nice hotel, great location, just dont go to sleep early.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pen4hire
<Content>Historic hotel, convenient location The Monteleone Hotel was started in 1886 and is still run by the same family. It is a high rise with charm in the French Quarter a block from Bourbon and a block from the business district. We had fabulous views including the River from our 11th story mini suite. (Be sure to ask for view room). Staff is gracious, decor is beautiful and the Carousel Bar is a tradition. One of three Literary Landmark hotels in the country because of writers like Tennessee Williams, Faulkner, Capote and Hemmingway who stayed there.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible customer service - do not stay at the Monteleone Do NOT stay at the Hotel Monteleone. It's the absolutely worst customer service I have every experienced in my travels. I travel for a living and have stayed all over the world. I have never had to deal with such poor customer service.I was charged incorrectly on my credit card and management does not return calls or offer to correct the problem. I was basically told I was not telling the truth when multiple individuals on staff confirmed everything with me before I checked out.Also, when we asked questions at the front desk on how to find things we were told I don't know. On two separate incidents we had room requests that were never delivered and there was so much confusion on our reservations we spent majority of our stay waking up to the maid pounding on our door or trying to straighten out or checkout with the front desk. Nobody could seem to figure things out. We paid for it when we got home - with a higher bill than we were told when we checked out.DO NOT stay at this hotel! You go to New Orleans to have fun and relax and should not have to deal with poor service at your hotel.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NAD_Newton
<Content>Charming Monteleone Just returned from my second stay at the Hotel Monteleone. The hotel room was on the small size, but well appointed. Very comfortable bed. Bathroom was clean and updated. They are adding high-speed internet access to all rooms. I thought I would see an extra charge on my bill for using high-speed access, but there was none. Location in the heart of the French quarter makes for easy access to great restaurants. Their garage also makes for easy coming and going. Very helpful concierge. A great stay in a fun city!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great bed, shower,  Went for the King Premier. Absolutely awesome bed in all respects. The only thing better than the bed was the shower - best water pressure ever.Staff was wonderful all-around. While the South is definately so much more friendlier than my wedgied Northeast, the Monteleone went beyond even normal Southern Hospitality.Great bar, and nice rooftop pool area for lounging.On the blah side, the room was small, but it didn't matter, as we were hardly there. Noisy, especially from the street, but we knew what we were getting into being a block over from Bourbon. Plus the strains of the Sanford and Son Theme coming from the street being played on trumpet for three nights in a row at 2 AM kind of became our song. Call us romantics.While a tad pricey, it wasn't at all unreasonable. We will go back.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>French Quarter Accommodations I would recommend the Monteleone Hotel to anyone wanting to be in the heart of the French Quarter. Drive right up to the parking garage and turn your keys over to the attendant.The pool is on the roof (16 floors up) where you can catch magnificent views of the city (great pictures). Close-by is the Mississippi River, and New Orleans is the busiest port in the United States.Located on the ground floor are boutiques, Le Cafe cafe, an Oyster Bar and the Carousel Bar, where you can enjoy cocktails as you slowly glide around the bar at your barstool.The hotel prices vary during the season, but usually in mid-summer, the rates are approximately $90.00 per night (during the week). There is a slight increase for Fridays and Saturdays.The next street over is the world-famous Bourbon Street. We walk everywhere from our Hotel. Excellent shopping on Canal Street and at the Riverwalk.I highly recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You cant survive on reputation alone What a dissapointment!!!!!! Very small room with view of the A/C unit. Service in the restaurant was non existent . From there to the maid staff, nobody seemed to care if you were happy or not. One elevator in our wing worked . Three days spent waiting 10 -15 minutes for elevator. Service in bar was as bad as the restuarant. Asked to speak to Gen Mgr . Left message twice and never heard from him. Front desk lost package sent by Fed Ex. Asked three times for it and never did get it. If they are going off of their reputation, then they need to work on service big time. I am seasoned business traveler and have come to expect less than promised, I NEVER Complain.. I will not return for 150.00 per night to be aggrivated. Laquinta , here I come!!!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Monteleone --Great!! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monteleone for one night on July 31, 2003. Our room was on the third floor and was very clean and comfortable. There were plenty of towels, the water pressure in the shower was great, and we never ran out of hot water. There was a even a Walgreens downstairs right on the corner for the little things we forgot. There are little 4 cup coffee makers in the room if you are like me and need a little coffee first thing in the morning before you face the world. The room decor was pretty with yellow and white striped wallpaper and the bed was really comfortable with feather pillows and triple sheeting (one sheet, one velour blanket, one sheet). A couple of things to be aware of when staying at the Hotel Moteleone is: the parking is $19 per day (most hotels in New Orleans charge for parking anyway), the rooms are on the small size (completely fine for my husband and I, but I would make sure it is going to be big enough for you if you are traveling with children), and the walls are thin and the street noise carries into the room a bit as well (we wear earplugs while we sleep and had no problem). Those are the only possible downsides that I noticed while we were there, hope this helps!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel central to most tourist sites. Easy walk for 2 blocks to bus transportation. 2 blocks from Bourbon St. Good restaurants for that quick meal but great hotels in immediate area. Roof top pool is great way to end the day-sun was very hot even at 4:00 PM. My room was spacious and well appointed. Very, very clean. They have one of the best concierge services I have encountered. I was traveling alone and their advice re. tours, restaurants, walking directions was excellent. I would definitely recommend or stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pass The Airsickness Bag My friend and I ate at the hotel restaurant. Her crawfish meal tasted of freezer burn and the dressing tasted like it came from a cardboard box (or was the box). I sent it back and ordered a shrimp plate to replace it. The shrimp arrived in early stages of decomposition. I sent it back and asked for the bill and the manager. The waitress was surly and the manager was clueless. I promised to call the health department if she got sick.The evening, of course was ruined. Not an apology in the entire affair.It was my worst dining experience in 25 years of business travel. BAR NONE.STAY AWAY !!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Way above average! We had an excellent room, excellent service, staff were immaculate and happy. Breakfasts were tasty and well served. All in all a great experience.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location - Great rooms - Bad concierge We stayed for two nights in May of 2003. The hotel is beautiful and you can't beat the location - close enough to Bourbon to enjoy the decadence but not noisy at night! Also, Royale street is full of wonderful antique shops. Close to everything! The rooms were great - we stayed in the older section but it had modern appliances and GREAT beds. The pool is beautiful and the lobby bar features a revolving bar - check it out! Yes, the rooms were a bit on the small side but we had four adults and were fine - we didn't go to the French Quarter to hang out in the rooms! Overall, a very impressive hotel - we will definitely be back!One bad note - the concierge sucks. Appears to have no knowledge of New Orleans and did nothing except hand us some brochures. You're much better off talking to the doorman or one of the local shop owners - they are much more helpful!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TBC_Baptist
<Content>Paper thin doors The food was excellent and so was the service, but he door of our room was paper thin. So, we were kept awake all night by some rather loud collegiate types across the hall.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Bed We stayed at the Hotel Monteleone about a week before Mardi Gras. We chose Hotel Monteleone because it was reputed to be an upscale hotel and because of its location. It is about less than a block away from Bourbon Street. There are also many good restaurants not too far from the hotel. We even walked to the Aquarium, which is about 6 blocks away. The rooms were a little small and we only had a view of the alley, but the beds were just fabulous! I would compare their beds to the Heavenly Beds at the W hotels! Needless, to say, I slept very well. However, their customer service, with the exception of the doormen (who were so helpful), was not very good. Their maid service was extremely loud, yelling and joking with each other from across the hall at 8:00 a.m! The Concierge was also very abrupt and seemed too busy to help. Overall, the hotel is ideal if you're looking for close proximity to all of the fun. Still, the hotel needs to give their employees more training in customer service, which I believe is a staple in upscale hotels.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

