<Author>CLBOttawa
<Content>Very Disappointed We just returned from the Ocean Blue Resort (December 26 to January 2nd). I had been to this resort two years ago and loved it. When my family was looking for a place to go over the holidays because they knew I had already been there and loved it, we planned to spend a week there Six of us left on the 26th of December for one week at the resort.Two years ago, I found everything at the resort wonderful. Unfortunately, this time, I cannot say the same thing. Reception:We requested two rooms -ocean view; at least 2nd floor and close to each other. When we got to the reception, it was pretty obvious that the gentlemen right before us had switched their rooms with ours. The reception agent who we got, insisted that the only rooms free were two rooms on the bottom floor. We really didn't care about the ocean view etc. but..neither family wanted to stay on the main floor and had specified that. We requested at least a room change for one room and we were told that the resort was completely booked and there were absolutely no other rooms. When we requested to speak with the manager, the agent haughtily replied that he was the manager (which he was not). He told us to return at 10:00 am the next morning and he would switch our rooms. I was really shocked by the treatment, the agent bordered on being arrogant and surly with me. I was not rude, didn't yell or do anything that should have provoked that kind of behaviour.Rooms:When we got to our rooms, this is what we found: The patio doors did not lock (the reason I specifically requested rooms above the first floor). The safes indicated an error every time we tried to put in our code. Therefore, we had to carry our money, passports and tickets with us at all times. The rooms smelt musty. Our television remote did not work. The furniture was tired looking. The beds sloped to the middle where there was a huge indentation. Reading lamps - light bulbs were missingNeedless to say we were in the reception area before 10:00 am. The reception agent who we had spoken with the night before was not there. We waited over one hour and he still did not show up. None of the other reception agents would help us and kept assuring us this guy would show up. Three hours later, we gave up and decided to make do with what we had instead of wasting our time, waiting in the reception.In our fridge we had water and soft drinks. We had two cans of beer when we arrived and once they were gone, they were never replaced. We saw employees pushing large carts of canned beer but it seemed that once you had the 2 can quota, you were not given anymore (must be a cost saving measure on the part of the resort).In addition, it seemed to take the cleaning ladies a long time to clean our rooms. Three times during the week, I requested fresh towels and told the cleaning lady not to bother cleaning our rooms because we had been out of the room by 9:00 and by 2:00, we wanted to have showers and relax in the rooms.The day before we were to leave Punta Cana, I asked the cleaning lady if we could stay in one of our rooms longer (check out time is noon and our flight was leaving at 10:00 pm) She said that they would simply clean our rooms after 5:00 and she would put us on the late check out list. Unfortunately, she was going to be off the day we were leaving so I went to the reception area to ensure that there would be no problem with late check out. I offered to pay for the extra time and was told that the resort was totally full and new people were going to arrive at noon and there was absolutely no way we could have either room longer. I hate being lied to straight in my face especially a second time. One of my family members who actually is required to lie down in the afternoon, went and spoke to reception; medication in tow and the agent said that 2:00 would be the latest possible time, we could have the room for.We walked by the rooms we had checked out of at noon and 2:00, at approximately 7:30 pm and neither of these rooms nor the long line of vacant rooms beside us had been cleaned. Two years ago, I had went to the reception and offered to pay for extra time in the room and they had been more than accommodating. FoodTwo years ago when I was at the Ocean Blue, I found the buffet very good with different selections at each meal. I also ate at the Italian restaurant (it was the favourite - I ate there three times on my previous trip) and the Dominican restaurant - both were very good. I am not a fussy eater and I have eaten in a lot of places that most tourists would never eat in on my travels but the resort food was such a poor quality and/or recycled so much that even I couldn't eat it.This trip, the buffet at the main buffet house seemed to have a lot of recycled food from lunch to dinner. In addition, the lunch buffet at the beach served exactly the same food as the main buffet. I hate to waste food but most of us would sit down with a plateful of food and after tasting it, we left most because it was either strange tasting or seemed to have been recycled. Breakfast was the best because at least, you could order fresh eggs cooked the way you wanted them. Sometimes during the lunch buffet, it seemed that the cooks didn't have enough food selections so they just left the leftover breakfast selections.I had spoken very highly of the Italian restaurant so we were the first in line for the restaurant to open at 6:30. We waited and waited and then, realized that all the chefs and servers had left and were having a sort of work to rule or mini strike. I speak Spanish so I found out that supposedly the employee's salaries had been cut in half and the employees were trying show their displeasure with this arrangement. In any case, the employees held a meeting for one hour and a half to discuss what they should do. All this time, the tourists were waiting at the restaurants to eat and wondering what was going on. After the employees went back to work.,finally, we were in the restaurant; waiting to have a great meal. The red wine was wonderful but that was about all. The six of us all had different dinners. The lamb chops were all fat; the spaghetti had a weird taste (my brother-in-law promptly went back to his room and was sick all night and most of the next day); the fish seemed like it had been cooked the night before and reheated; the salmon was at least edible; the other two pasta dishes did not taste at all like a normal pasta dish. With many of the meals, mashed potatoes were served. They were grey in colour and tasted so bad, none of us could eat them (instant would have been a great improvement). Not one of us out of 6 people had a good meal.The next evening we went to the American restaurant (on my first trip, I had not eaten there but I had heard good things about it). Unfortunately, again, we were super disappointed. They have a great menu with wonderful pictures. The nachos looked out of this world (like our nachos in Canada). Okay, I know pictures are usually not the same as the real food but..the food was so different you would think you were in a completely different restaurant. When we got them, they were the coloured corn chips that are served at the buffets and beside this small cone of chips were small bowls of warm cheese whiz and guacamole (not at all like the picture). I had what was supposed to be barbequed pork ribs. However, when my plate came, there were four dried up ribs smothered with a dark barbeque sauce (the sauce was great, the ribs were just dried up fat). My sister-n-law had fettucine because the picture was amazing. When she got it, the sauce was sort of a pink colour and it didn't taste anything like fettucine. The men had hamburgers but their comments were that as we found with all the other meat at the resort, it was not a good cut of meat. They just smothered mustard on them because they were so hungry. The french fries like everywhere in the resort were great.The meat - I tried their pork roast; lamb; hot dog, hamburger, beef steaks and their roast turkey. I don't know how you can ruin roasted meat but I will say that by the end of the week my standard food was soup (if you put enough salt and pepper in it, it was okay) and pasta (at the buffet, the chef puts the pasta in hot water and then in a pan with either a white or red sauce to heat it up). I also ate their white rice and buns.I was a bit afraid of their salad bars because I noticed that one day the lettuce would be torn in large leaves and then the next day it was shredded and withered ( I assume it was the night before's lettuce).For two days, the resort had no bananas, we found this a bit weird but oh well...I have never written a review before because generally, I go with the flow and not much fazes me. However, the difference in this resort and its food in two years was astounding to me. I don't know if the reason the food is a poorer quality and the resort has gone down is because of the labour disputes; I don't know if the resort has lost many of its experienced chefs or if the resort is trying to cut costs and serving a lower quality of food. I do believe that now, the buffet kitchen is also cooking for the restaurants which has really lowered the quality of the food in the whole resort. Recycled food was obvious in every lunch and dinner buffet that we ate at.I will say Mike's, the coffee place was still great. The coffee and their desserts were well appreciated and their bread became a staple for the week.It didn't leave me with a very good feeling that there was a definite problem with the employees. In comparing my first experience and this latest one, something has drastically changed at this resort. Maybe all the resort''s experienced chefs were simply on vacation over the holidays but in any case, I will not go back nor will the rest of my family.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	1	3	1	

<Author>LJM611
<Content>EHHH not that great When we arrived they could not find our reservation. The left us waiting for 2 hours before we finally got a room. When they brought us to the room is smelled like bleach and the floors were still wet. The pool was great, nice and big. The drinks were good, and overall with exception of the lady who greeted us at the front desk, the staff was good. The first night however, we woke up to a cockroach on the side of our bed ( IT WAS BIG) The food was not that good, there were always flys and stuff on the food so it grossed me out. I mostly ate pizza. Overall I would rate this trip on a scale of 1 to 5, a 3. The beach was beautiful, but if you wanna go parasailing and stuff they leave you waiting for hours. The also had VERY pushy merchants from the town trying to sell stuff in the hotel. They were so rude, and a rip off, always bargain down. The tried to sell me a dinky necklace for $50!lol. I would say if your goin to DR stay at the dreams resorts, they are much better.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cllh
<Content>Good for families I am a travel agent that stayed at Ocean Blue Dec. 17-24, but was thereon a family holiday vacation, not to critique the resort. This is my 5th trip to the DR in the last 4 years. The DR is one of my very favorite beach locations. I always stay at a different resort.The good: beach, pools, NO reservations needed for speciality restaurants, drinks (not watered down at all and premium brands available) would really recommend for families with kids 5 and up due to kid's club, bowling alley (only 1 game per guest per stay without paying for it), teen disco, and adult disco, and coffee shop, and the overall cleanliness of the resort (it was very full the last several days of my stay). Also, they don't get all wound up if you lose your towel card.The so-so: food: not bad - what you usually get at all inclusives. Tried all of speciality restaurants - okay, not great. No one in group became ill. Staff: usually pretty friendly and attentive except for gift shops. Spa: not very zen like and somewhat expensive for treatments received. I would give this a skip. Rooms: Apple is in Building 5 and we were in Building 6. Nice bathroom with jacuzzi tub. No beers ever in fridge but plenty of towels and tp without askingBad: CHECK IN!! No one to greet bus and tell you where to go and check in. When we did figure it out, it took over an hour as there were only 2 people checking guests in and each check in took about 15 minutes for some reason. On the plus side, I did ask for an upgrade and easily received one at no charge. Building 6 is closet to beach and very near pools which is what we wanted. Farthest for main street restaurants but exercise is good!!Were absolutely NEVER hassled about time shares. Personally I think it is b/c they are told not to bother the people with the green (Apple) bands. Beach vendors did not pester us at all if we just firmly said no when walking by.Would I go back? Probably not - too many other great resorts to explore. I would say this resort is the most Americanized of any I've stayed at in the DR. My recommendations for Punta Cana resorts: Romance/couples: Magestic Colonial or Elegance or RIU Palace or Palace Macao. Families: any of Iberostars or Ocean Blue.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>stefaye
<Content>Started off a little rocky...but got better and better So we arrived in Punta Cana Dec. 17, 2008 and it was really windy and a little cloudy at first. I went with my boyfriend and his parents, and they placed us in a room right next to each other. We went back after the crowds to see if we could get a different room and little farther away, and they placed us in a room that was right off the beach with an ocean view off the balcony! It was perfect and wonderful.However, the AC was noisy, the showerhead didn't really work and there was no tv remote to be found anywhere. Some days we had extra towels and others we didn't.... but overall, we couldn't complain too much since the view was fabulous and we were right by the beach.I ended up getting engaged the next morning!!!! My fiance had set up a romantic dinner on the beach with steak and lobster for that evening, and when we went there at the designated time, NOTHING had been set up. It was a little disappointing, but we tried to make the best of it. We ended up complaining, and we got the same meal at our balcony room for FREE!!! That was a nice suprise.Overall, not much to do at night... There is only the main bar in the lobby open at night that has any action, we wished there had been more bars... (We are not partiers, but another bar would have been nice)However, the beach is wonderful and so was the water. I'm scared of getting sucked under the waves, etc. but the water was beautiful and sandy and perfect. The weather was great, some rain would come in for about a half hour a few days here or there, but for the most part was perfect.The food was better than some of the other hotels I've stayed at in Punta Cana, and I would definitely recommend the Italian restaurant....We ate there 3 nights, and the food was delicious. I promise no other restaurant comes close. Plus, they have a great coffee shop that serves Starbuckish drinks, which was great to have at a resort.Overall, there were some minor issues, but hey, I got engaged, and ended up having the best week there. Also, a good tip to remember, give the bartenders a few dollars BEFORE they make your drinks, and we had great service the whole time.It was a smaller, quieter resort that could use some more beach activities, but if you just want to hang out at the beach, have some drinks, and be casual this is a great place to check out.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>seagurl
<Content>Ocean Blue-Our piece of Heaven!!!       Spectacular Sunrise!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>jonshar
<Content>Great Christmas at the Ocean Blue       view from Lobby  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>canadatourist73
<Content>Loved ocean blue, fantastic hotel We stayed at Ocean blue from february 18th-26th 2008, there were 8 of us all together ages ranged from 13- late 40 and everyone enjoyed their stay.Flight- We booked through sell off vacations and flew with air transat, we had an early morning flight but didn't mind that becuase we arrived in punta cana around noon, so we still had the afternoon to enjoy. No problems at all at either airport Halifax, or Punta Cana.Check in/Check out- we arrived before check in, therefore our rooms were not ready, we got our bracelets and went to the buffet and told a walk around the grounds... when we returned to the reception a few hours later, our rooms were ready and the bell boys moved us in they were very helpful** the only complaint i have about the check in is that we had 3 rooms booked and requested to have them all together which the workers said was not possible and to come back and check thee next day, but again told us they had nothing.. in the long run this worked out fine where our families room was close to the resturants for making the supper reservations and the other families room was close to the pool and beach so they would go out in the early morning to save longers for the day.Rooms- The rooms were great big and clean, ours had to beds and a large couch which could be used as a bed, the fridge was usually kept full with cold sodas, waters and beer and we always tiped the maid and left her little gift bags witch she was very grateful off** The only problem with the room is that although the bathrooms were very nice and clean the shower door only covered half the shower there for everytime it was used there was always water on the floor, not a mojor problem thoughBeach- The beach was absolutly stunning, no complaintes there you can walk for miles and miles in either direction. I would definitly recomend trying the banana boating and the parasailing witch we booked through the water sports center at the resort , they are 2 very fun activites. The water was always very warm and easy to get into. Pools- This hotel had 2 very large pools, the one with the swim up bar had a lot of entertainment and activities always going on, while the other pool right behind it was more relaxed and quiet. The people who worked here wanted to see their guests having fun and would come get you to do dances and pool games, always something fun going on around the pool. The pools were also very clean and in good condition.Resturants- We ate all our breakfests at the buffet, there was lots of selection to choose from and something for everyone guanteed, i would recomend the cream cheese way better than in Canada. Lunch was always ate at the beach buffet except for 1 lunch which we ate at the regualar buffet al very good, lots of fruit, deserts, hot dogs, hamburgers etc. We did enjoy the a la cartes for supper, we ate at the american twice which was good, the italian twice as well which was my favorate the shrip and potatoes were excellent, and the mexican once which was quite spicy but i had a chicken fijaita which i can't complain about, we did not try the dominican resturant. Mikes coffee place was as well an excellent place make sure to try the cheesecake it is wonderful. Soana Island- We did the soana island excursion and upgraded to the prenium package which was probably not worth it, the drive across the island is about 2 hours there and 2 back so you get to see the way the Dominican people live and it is really quite sad, on our way to Soana island our boat broke down and we had to wait a while to get it reparied, at Soana island we got the lobster meal but its not like the fresh lobster we get here in Nova Scotia. The island itself was beautiful but not worth the price of $150 a person.Entertainment- The entertaiment was not fantastic but we watched it almost every night, i must say the magic show was the best, partly because the pulled my father up out of the audience and did a magic trick on him, which was entertaining, the other shows were good as well and they liked to get the audence involved on stage. The bowling is free at this resort as well and we had a great time doing this, there are also air hockey tables and pool tables to enjoy.Shopping- there were huts to the left of the beach very close to ocean blue where you could get lots of souvenirs from t shirts to hats towels, figurenes just about anything but never pay them their original price they ask for because you can get it for a least half that, if you dont like the price they give you walk away, chances are they will come after you wanting your sale. The gift shop on the resort was quite expensive and yu can get the same things from the huts. We got a taxi to Plaza Bavaro where the locals went and they were much more pushy there, to the point of dragging you into their stores almost forcing you to buy from them, not an enjoyable shopping experence. Overall we had a wonderful vacation and would g back there in a heartbeat, the people were great all but the ones at the front desk, you can give them the smallest gift and they appriciate it so much, we gave the girls in the huts nail polish and they were painting their nails before we were out of eyesite. Very nice place to stay and would recomend it to anyone whos looking for a fun upbeat resort.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Jin99
<Content>Check out other resorts before booking at the Ocean Blue and Sand I went to the Ocean Blue with my wife and family during the Christmas week. My parents had booked their rooms through RCI and I made a reservation with for my wife and me at the H10 website.The resort looks beautiful, with colorful villas and well maintained grounds. The two pools are clean and easy to get lounge chairs at all hours. Unfortunately, our experience was far from satisfactory. First of all, after check-in, we were told to go over to the desk to find out more about the resort. DO NOT DO THIS! It is a time share scam, trying to convince you to go to the presentation by dangling a lobster dinner as incentive. My parents did it, but I knew better just to grab my bag and head to the room.The room: We were checked into room 2210. At first glance, we knew the room wasn't the best. The furniture looked old and scratched, the walls were stained. Still, we didn't think it was a big deal. The bed was comfy and the room was generally clean. We had an end room with a balcony that was made more private by the trees.However, after spending a day there, we noticed that there were no mirrors or paintings on the walls, the towel rack in the bathroom was broken, the armoire was broken, the tablelamp on the bedstand was broken, the shower leaked water all over the bathroom floor, and there was no soap dish in the shower. In addition, my wife's purse was ransacked on our second day. Fortunately, we were wise to lock all our valuables and passports into our suitcases (having heard that even the room safes were not secure.) We complained to the front desk and were told that they would move us to another room if one was available. We spent two more nights in the room, and on the fourth day we returned to our room to get ready for dinner to find that the room wasn't clean yet. It was almost 6PM. My wife went to the front desk to complain again, and we were finally moved, after getting approval from the hotel manager, to a much better room, 9324. This room was much better with only a few minor issues. We found a wasps nest on our balcony and the glass in the sliding door was loose and not sealed. Regardless, this was 10 times better than 2210. Even the maid service was better.Later on I found out that certain rooms are reserved for specific travel agents and are not given to guests that pay full rack rate directly to the hotel. I have a feeling that the first room we were in was pieced together from the throw aways that the better rooms discarded.The food: Disappointing!! The a la carte restaurants only serve dinner. You have to eat breakfast and lunch at the buffet. Imagine 1000s of people touching the same serving spoons and you have ideal conditions for an epidemic. 6 of 8 people in our party ended up getting sick.Before and after having a subpar buffet meal, you are harrassed by timeshare salesmen. After 7 days of this, I was ready to explode.In addition, the a la carte dinners were average at best. I think only half of the food I ordered was good. They put the same instant mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli and carrots on every plate. Everything has some kind of chemical flavored sauce put on it. Don't even dream about fresh seafood. Everything is frozen, and most likely not even local.The restaurants all have a Disney-like fakeness, instead of being authentic. There is no genuine food here. After looking at the layout of the resort, it becomes increasingly clear that all the food comes from the same kitchen and the only way they make Mexican different from Italian or Dominican is by putting a different sauce on it.Special romantic dinner was a huge disappointment. Even though we had made special arrangements in advance, the restaurant had no idea that we were coming, our food was not available, and it took almost three hours to get our main courses. The lobster is not fresh and had a mushy texture.Bars: Generally good service, but it is pretty obvious that all the liquor is watered down. Even the wine is terrible. Certain restaurants have a decent wine list for extra $$$, but not most. Heres a tip: if you ask for the premium liquor every time you order, you will get a much better drink (coco loco con Bacardi por favor.)Pool and Beach: No big complaints, except if you want a beach cabana, get out early, they go quickly. I'm not a big fan of people laying claim to a spot and then disappearing for hours, but that's what it will take. Another issue: there are apparently beautiful coral reefs just off the beach that would make great snorkeling. Unfortunately, guests are prohibited from swimming out there because the motorboat traffic has killed people in the past. If you want to do any decent snorkeling you have to book an excursion, which will cost you $85-100 per person.Service was very good. Despite our complaints, we were accommodated very well, especially by Roberto at the front desk. The waiters and bartenders were all very polite. Maid service was good. A small tip goes a very long way here, so be liberal with the singles and you will be treated like kings. Overall, I definitely will not return to Ocean Blue and Sand, and will think twice before even considering returning to the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>GTravel5
<Content>Very relaxing but with some complaints... My family and I just returned from our trip a few days ago. Overall, the experience was very relaxing however having read the reviews before we went i noticed most of the things that were said were very true. Of course sometimes you have to take the good with the bad. Our trip to Ocean Blue was no different...Relaxation  The Beach:The physical beauty of the place is undoubtedly a breathtaking scene. The beach is a sight to be seen and the pool was both relaxing and looked perfect as well. If you are looking to relax and get away from the daily tribulations of life then this is definitely the place to do it. Don't forget your sunscreen as the sun is definitely HOT! If you do go down to the beach near the little shops on the side, one thing that was a bit on the pervasive side was the men who were trying to sell things there. While I know they were trying to do their job, they came out like attack dogs and you don't get a break until you've cleared the area. If you're looking to just walk and take in the beautiful ocean, walk the other way...Nightlife:The nightlife is also very beautiful, the main part of campus with the restaurants and lobby are lit up decked out in neon lights and attractive colors. Music flows just like the breeze and there are many places to sit down and take in your surroundings. The restaurants were all situated in a row. Only one of these restaurants is the one you have to pay extra to eat in. You will find it because a) either you will see the 50 dollar dishes on the menu or b) it's the one that the least amount of people were in usually. The italian restaurant I found to have the most appetizing and delicious food than the other restaurants. Especially the salmon dish. The Route 66 restaurant was also good if you are looking for the typical burger and sandwhich place that you might eat back home. After dinner you can sit outside and look up at the stars, go to the casino, sit in the lobby, or go to Mike's Coffee. Mike's Coffee seemed to be one of the more popular places to be during the night hours until Midnight when it closes. The drinks are amazing. Especially the teas. The casino seemed to lack security and while people were winning big bucks, it didn't seem to be like the casino you'd perhaps imagine. The lobby was filled with people until early in the morning hours. Everything is open and has the typical caribbean breezy feel, which was very nice at night. I recommend bringing a light sweatshirt at night, as it does get a bit cold when the sun goes down! They do have some entertainment at the Showtime however it wasn't anything to rave about. Another thing i noticed was how dark it was near the Villa's. They didn't really have enough lights leading back to your room which was odd to see. The Room;After reading the reviews on here, I was a bit worried about the room and having my things stolen within it during the day. When I walked into the room, my number one complaint was that the balcony door wouldn't lock with the pin that you put through it. We had to put a table against the window for extra protection. It wasn't fixed until 2 days into the trip! Other than that, the room wasn't bad at all. Nothing too memorable, but liveable and if you put your things in your safe then you're good to go!The Food:This was my number one problem with the trip. The food was absolutely horrible! We ate in the buffet for breakfast and our first night dinner and it was just awful. If you are used to eating well on vacations like this, be prepared to have an empty stomach or suffer through. Even the fruits and salads were not up to par. The buffet near the beach was the same situation. This is what brought down the overall trip but really didn't affect the relaxing atmosphere. Overall, i'd recommend this place to anyone if you are looking to relax and want a beautiful place to do it... lots of different cultures all mixed together in one place, and you can easily forget about your life back home for a little while you take in the beautiful sun, and surroundings. There are a few things like the food which weighted down the overall positive experience. I'd say take a chance and go with this place and you will be satisified!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>canader
<Content>liked it didn't love it It was okay but nothing to write home about. Amenities were few, shows were so-so, food was not great but not terrible.The beach was closeby and really terrific. Staff were helpful and friendly except we got our arms twisted to attend timeshare presentation, even after insisting we didn't want to go. Add insult to injury, they originally didn't want to give us our gift until I threatened to go to the manager.Not likely to go again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chunk_geo
<Content>Relaxing Beach Break Returned from a 14 day stay from 1 December- 15 December 2008 to the Ocean Blue/Sands (there the same hotel) and overall Im quite impressed.Starting off with the bad.Check in was terrible. after a long flight (around 8hours) the first thing you want to do is get settled in your room. Unfortunatly these were not ready (and from reading past reviews I think this is a common occurance).Staff- mixed bag. Some friendly some will only pay interest in the American 20 something girls.Food. I am not very fussy but overall I thought the variety and quality was very good. Please be aware that not all the restaurants are open each night but there is always two or three open which was fine. Of my 14 nights I spent 3 in the American, 2 in the Mexican, 2 in the italian and 1 in the Carribean. The only shame is two of the restaurants have a $40 supplement. Mike coffee bar also became a bit of a favourite spot. for late afternoon tea/cappachino and cake.Beach. As you expect the beach was great. Personally I preferred the beaches in Varedero Cuba as it can be a bit windy but still amazing. Also when I was there, there were no jelly fish.Pool- Hands down best pool I've ever been in...like two lakes.Weather. Very good...few cloudy days but cant complain. The sun does set early in December though (around 6.00pm)Rooms - Good standard and size. The fridge full of drinks was a nice touch. Time wise the cleaning was pretty poor, sometimes it wasn't done until we had returned from dinner.Evening- All inclusive as you'd expect but there were branded drinks like Budweiser, Malibu and Jack Daniels which was good (although the local beer is good). Theres a show on every night and the theatre is good. The female singer in the reception bar abaolutly killed any english songs she sang but I suppose it was quite funny.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	1	2	3	

<Author>ivyrose
<Content>Great time at Ocean Blue for the second year in a row We just returned from the Ocean Blue in Punta Cana for the second year in a row and had a great time. Our room was on the ground floor in building five. Very nice and very clean. We did request a first floor room and they had it waiting for us. My husband has a bad ankle. We didn't go to the priviledge club this year but we are glad because it wasn't necessary. The room, maybe building seemed quieter than last year which was good. I remember our room being noisy last year. Overall the resort seemed less busy than last year. The food was very good. Breakfasts are great with so much variety to choose from. We ate lunch everyday at the beach buffet. We stuck mostly to pizza, pasta, breads for lunch. Dinner twice at the Italian restaurant, once at Route 66 and other nights at the buffet. We never overate, ate unusual foods or drank too much because the people who do end up sick. We believe in moderation and ended up healthy. The weather wasn't as nice as last December but that isn't the hotels fault. My daughters went to the kids club one day but were much happier hanging out with us so they didn't go back. We would recommend this hotel. The flamingos from last year were gone which really upset my children but another small thing. I found the Apple reps at the hotel extremely informative and kind.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DG04
<Content>Amazing Trip! Who could complain?       View of the beach from one of the villas  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>imakeunuts
<Content>Was I at a different hotel then the rest of you? My husband  I went there for our first vacation in 7 years. We booked this for some much needed time together since he works 13 hr days, 6 days a week. Obviously, we can't fault anyone for the weather but it rained on  off everyday for 4 days. The buffet was the worst we had ever had and the restaurant food was most definitely nothing to cheer about. We found one saving grace in Route 66. There was excessive noise at 4am from all the teens almost every nite, it was so horribly windy that the door to our room banged continuously every nite until we wedged something in there to stop it. We, among many other members had issues with the showers. Whenever you showered, the bathroom floor flooded. The shower head has to be adjusted  aimed at the far right wall in the shower. We were given mis information by a rep of the hotel. When we checked in, she told us not to eat breakfast the following morning, that we would be having breakfast with a rep. By the time we met with their rep, breakfast had stopped being served. I told this guy that my husband is diabetic  had to eat. He suggested Mike's Coffe House to which I replied that i had already told him my husband is diabetic  needs to eat. Not a muffin or a piece of cake, but actual food. In all fairness to the gentlemen, he tried every restaurant on the premises, including both buffet halls  none of them would serve us so I spent $7 on a small can of nuts from the gift shop just so my husband could get something into his stomach. We were also told that reservations were not needed for the buffet for Xmas Eve (this was our first nite there). When we got to the buffet, we were told we needed reservations! I advised them that if they did not seat us  my husband went into a diabetic shock from missing not 1 but 2 meals, I would most definitely be owning this hotel! Needlesstosay, they seated us. Every time we entered the dining room for breakfast, we were asked if we had gone thru their orientation. I was tired of being hounded  told them to remember my face because if they asked me this again they were gonna meet my fist! We went to the pool (on the 2 days weather permitted) by 10am  couldn't even get chaise lounges! People were getting there either early in the morning or before they went to breakfast  placed towels on the chairs to reserve them. Most of these people didn't show up at their reserved chairs until noon! The shows were nothing at all, the casino didn't open until 7pm  we couldn't get near the bowling alleys or the pool tables because all the kids were constantly all over them. By the 3rd day, we were bored to death with nothing to do. I would definitely not recommend this hotel to couples at all. If you're taking a family vacation, want to lose your kids for the week  be woken up by their friends at all hrs of the nite,  if you don't care if the food is good then by all means choose this hotel! Other than the friendly staff  the beautiful beach this hotel has nothing. Spend your money wisely  stay elsewhere! You couldn't pay me to stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>smilingfaces07
<Content>Beautiful Grounds, Friendly Staff We found the Ocean Blue resort to be a good value. The grounds are meticulously clean and beautifully landscaped. The rooms are a bit worn and in need of updating, but who stays in the room anyway? When we arrived at our rooms, we found that one room had no light bulbs, two rooms had safes that did not lock, and another room had water dripping into the tub from the overhead light fixture and the telephone did not work. We called the registration desk about all of these issues, and they were resolved the following morning by courteous staff. The morning, lunch and evening buffets were all good, especially the grilled lobster tail on Christmas Eve. We found the Italian restaurant to be quite good and ate there twice, with salmon grilled to perfection. We spent most evenings in the lobby bar area, which had a wonderful breeze 24/7. The evening entertainment in the lobby was good, although we did tire of the Caribbean music day after day. We were treated to some rock 'n roll music on Christmas Eve and had a blast with (almost) everyone in the bar dancing into the night. I read a review about the excursions being horrible. We enjoyed the two excursions we booked and felt that the price was well worth it. We went on the Sanoa Island excursion and LOVED it. The speed boat ride there was cramped but our guide was a hoot and made the trip fun. The Sanoa Iisland beach is beautiful. Lunch was served just off the beach, and I was glad to see that it was served in a sanitary manner (with no flies!). All members in our group thought the BBQ and side dishes were quite good. The catamaran sail back to the mainland was great fun with music, dancing, beautiful water and beautiful scenery. I don't know how anyone could not like this excursion. We also booked the zip line excursion. This is a brand new facility in the mountains that is nicely landscaped. The zip line staff was friendly, thorough, and SAFE. Be aware that one must climb up quite a few stairs to the platforms to access the zip lines. If you can't do stairs, this is not for you. The platforms are very sturdy and well built. This was good, clean fun. I don't recall what the minimum age/size requirement is for children, but I'm sure there is one. The ride to get to the zip line facility is a tour in and of itself. You are in an open air vehicle and are able to view the interesting plant life/flowers/cocoa trees, etc. as the vehicle slowly climbs its way up the mountain to the zip line facility. I believe the Safari Tour takes at least part of this route, so be aware of this if you are planning on doing both the safari tour and the zip line as you may be seeing a lot of the same thing. If you are interested in a deep sea fishing excursion, you will probably want to check into this soon after your arrival. We waited until Wednesday before inquiring about this excursion and there was no availability. We usually prefer sitting at the beach, but one or two days it was so windy at the beach that we retreated to the pool. The pools are large and clean. A few times we found it a challenge to find enough empty beach lounges to accommodate four people. Some guests reserve their lounges in the morning by placing towels on the lounge chairs, and then you don't see anyone actually sitting in the lounges for hours on end or even for the entire day. The staff is great about picking up empty glasses etc. and keeping the pool area tidy. Overall, I was impressed most by the friendly and courteous staff. The locals who work in the resorts embrace the tourists (unlike Jamaica). Please remember to TIP THE STAFF. Yes, it is an all inclusive, but keep in mind that their wages are low and their cost of living is high. They work their you-know-what off to keep us in non-stop food, drink, and clean sheets... and they provide it all with a sincere smile.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NJmomof4girls
<Content>For All Doubters 'A Great Place To Stay  Well just let me start by saying if you're going away to relax  enjoy the sun  entertainment this is the place to be! My husband and I with our 2 youngest children enjoyed this place to the T! We read all the reviews before booking  if we would of let these reviews decide our stay at this resort (meaning all the negative write ups) we would have never booked our vacation here. We were so pleased (all of us) that we even became elite club members. Yes! Elite Club members. The place is georgeous, the people are polite  kind, the buffet was average but edilble  most importantly the resturants (all the other ones beside the buffet) were absolutely great. Now if you want to enjoy a great cup of coffee you must go to Mikes Coffee Shop! This coffee beats our star bucks  believe us when we say it (we are star buck lovers) it absolutely tasteful  comforting. We highly recommend the coffee shop! The pools were clean as were the beach areas. My 1  11 (at that time) loved every minute of it. It's a great family get away  RR. Hey! If you're looking for quality time with your family, girlfriend, fiance or even just to get away to a remote  peaceful place This is the Place to Be. If you're looking for a place that is loud and party all night this is not the place (let's keep it real). There are other resorts in the area that can accomodate those specific needs. This is why their are many to pick from in the Punta Cana Area. It's always good to try new things  in our book relaxation is one of them. So guys if you want to kick back  relax this is one of the many places to pick from (we have been traveling to Punta Cana for over 6 years  this place is the one we decided is the most relaxing  accomodating place we had ever been too with our love ones). We hope that our opinion helps some of you; especially families with younger children  pre-teens.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>la_bulgara
<Content>Hola Se帽or, Hola Se帽ora! I loved this place and the people there! I would stay another week if I could...The beach is gorgeous, windy, but absolutely beautiful. The staff is the happiest people I've ever met! I absolutely loved the shows and the after show lobby dances. The food selection and quality is the best in the buffet. The rooms are spacious and clean. Great entertainment and lots of nice people. I miss mi Super Carlos! Saludos a Angel, Josy, Cuchi, Carlos, Mariel, y Suzi!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katie1705
<Content>Very Good But Very Loud I took my mum to this hotel for a two week break between the 8 - 23 December. It was lovely we could not fault the hotel. Staff were great and food and entertainment were really good. The only negative was that the noise at night was really bad for the first 4-5 nights. Then the people must of gone home and it was quite again. Block 9 seems to be the worst as you are right by the pool bar which is really noisey no chance of an afternoon nap if you are in this block. Apart from that everything was great had a lovely time and would recommend this place to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mamac64
<Content>Enjoyed it! We booked our vacation from Dec. 20 - 27 through Liberty Travel, who ultimately went through Apple Vacations. We had five in our party, my husband and I, 24 year old step-son, and our two children 14 and 11. Check in and check out were flawless.The hotel room was adequate, could use some updating, but hey it's fine for sleeping. Maid service was above average, left a few dollars and chocolate or something on the bed every morning, our room was cleaned and new towels every day.Italian restaurant was very good, Dominican an acquired taste, and the buffets were great for four hungry men/boys. The Christmas Eve buffet at La Tortuga restaurant was outstanding, they had lobster, shrimp, lobster bisque, other fresh seafood and other foods.The property was beautiful, two beautiful pools with swim up bars, plenty to do for everyone. The beach was also beautiful.On the last day we were there we walked the beach to the local vendors and my children had a blast bargaining with the local people.All in all a vacation is what you make it, the food is not gourmet, but you will not go hungry.My children were very disappointed to leave and wanted to stay longer or at least go back next year.We definitely will go back to Punta Cana, but I think we may try another hotel just to see if there are differences.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>back2bklyn
<Content>great getaway spot       working hard or hardly working  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>ginxi2
<Content>loved the beach We loved the beach, but the sand fleas do bite. I would recomend washing your feet. Do not wear shoes with socks on the beach, as they get in, and stay there until you take your socks off, and by then, your feet have been feasted on by the litlle devils. I made this mistake, as I went looking for a lost item on the beach with my shoes and socks. It was b4 a wedding reception, and so I was wearing shoes. My feet were so read and itchy all over, it looked sunburned. Lucky I had Dettol antiseptic, disinfectant spray (mild solution) I sprayed my feet and the itching instantly disappeared. I sprayed my shoes and socks. This seams to kill the little critters. But 2 weeks later they are still slightly red and a little itchy at timesThe food was fantastic. We all loved it. This being our first Caribbean experience I have nothing to compare it to. But I found it good. Do not eat the raw veggies and salad or fruit, as these are washed in non-filtered water. Many of my troop including me had the 'revenge' , a.k.a. Travelers diarrhea. My oldest who took Dukorol, (Diarrhea vaccine) b4 leaving did not get it. If you can鈥檛 cook it, boil it, or peel it, forget it. (Take the Imodium). The time share guys did not bother me as i know how to say a polite but firm no, and nod my head. This did bother my wife and others in my gang. As so did the vendors on the beach. They are more forceful as they will try to coral you to their stall. The liquor is reliable as so are the cigars. But if they ask you 60$ settle on 10 or 11$. Many of the items are available in the resort store at reasonable prices. So check b4 u buy. Dominicans love to bargain. So if u r not in the mood walk far from the huts and they will not bother you. I bought a wooden figure, about 7 tall. The dealing started at 125US for 2 and ended up at 11$Us for 1. But being a salesman I enjoyed the interaction and the laughter and jokes. They are friendly but persistent. But no-one was rude or too pushy, if I did not look their way. If you do not like to be touched, Do not go there, as Dominicans, like many Latin people are touchy feely. They call you brother, amigo, family but they are there for business. A polite nod of the head while looking the other way works well.The waiting for service is normal there as in many hot countries. If they say 10 min, it could take an hour. Tips work well. If you you make purchases, hide them in your room, in a drawer or the room safe. We somehow 'missplaced' two items, (a bottle of coconut oil and a pack of coffee). A warning about the room safe, they work well, but have been known to break down for me and someone else in our gang. They are good for fixing or replacing them, but again be prepared for a long wait b4 the tecky gets there.We took the Outback tour, and I enjoyed immensely. It is good opportunity to buy coffee, coco, vanilla and see how the others on the island live. It is not recommended that you drive on the island as there is no traffic rules, and if you are not experienced to the conditions, don't go. One thing I found disturbing was the open air display of guns. I saw one person holding on to a hand gun while riding on the back of a scooter/motorcycle. So I do not recommend straying to far from the resort unless on a tour. Our guide (Alex) was excellent, knowledgeable, and very cheerful to be with. He explained that the island condition are improving and very strict. One joint will get you 6 months in prison, 2 and you are charged with trafficking. So they are very serious, Leave the stuff at home, as they do have sniffer dogs at the airport. Al in all I would do it again, with the above precautions. The malaria scare is overblown, and no one seemed to be concerned, But my family all took the malaria pills. The side effects are rare, but eat well when you take it, as stomach pains will happen. Take bug spray for the out of resort tours.The hotel is beautiful and pleasant but being active I found it boring after a few days, So take the tours. The water was great, and good for body surfing...The only really bad thing that happened was that a group of college students from Manhattan College started a fight, and were generally obnoxious. So I avoided them. They were hard to control and noisy. They were told to behave by several of the staff. My son wittingly said  Do you people have to start a fight no matter what country you visit That made the laugh and they left him alone after that..  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>KaganS
<Content>Kagans have a great time at Ocean Blue At this time of the year, we have great memories of last Christmas spent at Ocean Blue as a family.Myself, wife, and our two adult children enjoyed all the goings on, the fabulous food, and the wonderful staff, in particular, Mr. Benedicto who over the years has been so helpful to us all.Our son is returning in a couple of weeks with a friend of his and looks forward to another fabulous time at Ocean Blue.The entertainment personnel always have something going on whether it be on the beach, in the pools, or on the pooldeck.We loved the variety of restaurants and the acccommocations are lovely.Every night before retiring, we headed to Mike's Cafe for a delicious coffee and a little snack.All in all, Ocean Blue is a spectacular holiday destination.SIncerely, Linda  Sheldon Kagan's  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>BusySt_Catharines
<Content>The Good and the Bad We left Dec 13 and came back Dec 20. Well after doing much research on this property and reading all the reviews we booked it. My family, my mother and brother all went down for a relaxing holiday. Like some people say it is what you make of it. The resort was great not too big and not too small. They have a tram that goes around and circles the resort all the time and you just have to hop on whereever you are. The rooms were big and spacious. The big tub was large enough for two but it did take 1/2 hour to fill so start it way ahead. Yes the rooms were a little tired and in need of some repair but who cares they were clean and your on holidays and are often are you in your room anyway. The 1st day there was two beers in the fridge along with pop and water and no matter how much we tipped her every day the three rooms we had never got anymore beer for the rest of the week and towels/washcloths and soap were hit and miss also one day you got some the other days you didn't. The food was excellent and loved the idea of NO RESERVATIONS at the allacart restaurants. Although they rotated and two were closed each night don't know if this is because it wasn't busy enough. NO matter what you aren't going to go hungry always somewhere to eat and they also have room service to your door in under 30 min which was great. I guess the only thing I really didn't like and wouldn't go back because of this is the forever hassle of time shares out side the buffett and the tours. These people were everywhere tring to get you to book with them. We just wanted to relax but got hassled by the pool, on the beech and even going to eat.Communications were easy everyone seem to know enough english to get by.Went through Air Transit the flight was good and ahead of schedule, but not much room in the plane. Booked the speed boats through Air Transit at the hotel don't do this one. Use another group. The one Air Transit used was old and broken down boats. My son and I were in one and it broke down in the ocean and then they seperated us and I was in the broken one with a worker tring to get it going as we drifted out in the ocean and the water was very rough. Out of the three boats we had in our party we all broke down and had to change boats several times in the very wavy ocean, not an easy thing to do. When we finally went to the barge to snorkle I think we got like 10 min and there was only one guide that went into the ocean with everyone so wasn't very personalized and didn't see much. I did do this tour 3 years ago and had a blast and a great time, obviously with another company. Just do your research.All in All a great trip but don't know if I would go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>bolbol
<Content>Good Vacation All the reviews you will read are correct; the good and the bad. But in general it's what you make of it:: what you like and don't like.We stayed from Nov.23 to Dec.7,2008We arrived on Nov.23,2008 at 7pm. The airport checking went very fast; they improved the system. Then we went to the bus for a 30 minutes drive and to the hotel, we arrived at 8:30 pm.In the reception I asked for a room over looking the pools and the beach, so I got it after 30 minutes of arguments (you have tp ask for it). We went to the room and it was a mess; nothing works in it. So I called the reception and asked to change the room again. They always tell you tomorrow but you must insist NOW.Finally they sent the bellboy (it was midnight) and took our lugage to the new room. This was the best room you can hope for #9318. On the 3rd floor and over looking the two pools and the beach.The best buildings are #5 - 7 - 9 - and 10 and you can get them if you insist and see the manager if they give the run around. (We tip the receptionist)We walk up the second day and started the best vacation we had.The hotel is good - the grounds, the building the restaurants, the fitness center and the theatre are the best in this hotel.If you have kids this is the best place to go. They have activities for teen agers and for young kids all day. The food was EXCELLENT in the buffet and all the restaurants. Of course this is a matter of personnal taste. You must eat at the American 66 restaurant. This was the prefered restaurant for all specially the kids.This hotel have the best restaurant system in all my travelling. NO RESERVATION required and the most you wait is 30 minutes but you are outside and having you cocktail before the dinner. The beach was beautiful and they clean it every day even the garbage the people leave I saw them my self. There are enough chairs on the beach and on the pools you don't have to go and resrve early; but by 10 am all the beach shades are taken but not the pool.They have many bars on the beach they have two one open at 9 am to 7 pm and the other from 12 noon to 4 pm in the restaurant.The best bar was at the lobby. They have all kinds of drinks local and international. People are happy to serve you with smile always (Tip or no Tip but they remember you if you tip).Here is my peace of advice: if you need any more towels or toilett paper or anything to be repaired in the room YOU JUST HAVE TO ASK FOR IT by calling the maintenance and the room service the numbers are on the phone, they will do it within 30 minutes we tried it a coople of times. If you need to purchase any souvenirs or coffee or rum get them from the beach shops or the hotel but not at the airport; they are double in the price.The weather was good: it was 82F (28C) everyday and it rained for the first week 10 minutes a day and one day was raining almost all night, but you will not miss a day on the beach or on the pool.I left the best for the last: The H10 timeshare people are pushy we tried to say no gracias and did not work and finally we figured it out: we started telling them WE DONT LIKE THE HOTEL and they left us in peace the rest of the vacation. We loved this hotel so go and have fun. We defenetly go back.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kolahoi
<Content>Great place to relax!       Confortable well furnished room  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>angelina2075
<Content>Good to be back home My boyfriend and I were really looking forward to this trip. Both of us have busy work schedules and haven鈥檛 been able to get away all year, but we finally settled upon a location, got some time off, and Punta Cana was where we were happily heading. The Dominican Republic and Punta Cana in specific came highly recommended by many of our friends and family. My boyfriend鈥檚 uncle is in the process of opening his own hotel there and that is all the more reason we are completely shocked. The rooms at the Ocean Blue were tired, meaning it needed an update in the worse way and the views and room locations are so hit or miss. On our first night of our 6 day stay, we were given a ground floor room in building 8 with a view of a rickety chain-linked fence, which faced a lovely construction site of a neighboring hotel. Bulldozers and work trucks went back and forth within about a 100 feet from our balcony - aaaaaall daaaaaaay and evening loooooong. Also, seeing as the roads weren鈥檛 really roads, just worn down dirt with craters large enough to lose a bus in, you could hear the trucks falling into them and then the beds of those huge trucks slamming up and down. Having a conversation on the balcony was next to impossible; we couldn鈥檛 hear each other over the noise! All buildings there are not created equal; I think building 8 was the worst so try and avoid it. It seemed to be the 鈥済hetto鈥?building compared to the other buildings as a whole. Tiles were damaged along the flooring outside, debris wasn鈥檛 swept as regularly and it was the only one without a fountain of some kind. We discovered that people that were there a shorter amount of time (3 or 4 days) got the nicer rooms, while the people that were there for an extended amount of time (6 to 8 days) were given the more undesired locations and rooms. We finally got our room changed half way through our stay (day 3) to a much nicer location (building 7) and room that faced the internal side of the resort. We also finally scored the king bed we requested from the beginning. It really set a lousy romantic tone when having to sleep in separate beds the first 3 nights of our stay. My boyfriend is 6鈥? and 250lbs and takes a full-size/double bed up completely so no, sharing one wasn鈥檛 an option. Now I鈥檒l start on the overly pushy timeshare selling and tour offers. The best way to put it, I felt like chum in hungry shark infested waters. It was a non-stop thing, but was the worst our first couple of days. There is no escape. They wait at the doors of the buffet restaurants, stalk the bar and lobby areas and prey around the pools and beach. It doesn鈥檛 matter if you鈥檙e taking a nap or appear to be disinterested. I was woken up by someone on the beach asking if I wanted to parasail. Do I look like I want to parasail right now?? I saw some reviews about the vendors being really pushing, actually to me; they were the nicest of all. They understood a firm 鈥渘o gracias鈥?and thanked you anyway. But the timesharing-touring-booking individuals just kept on pestering no matter how much they seemed to be annoying and/or frustrating you. It was the same people everyday too and they recognized you, but still kept at it all the same. We did 2 tours, one that went to the cigar factories and sugarcane farms and the other was a diving trip to Catalina Island. We were sorry we did both of them. Each took up 2 whole days (7 to 8 hours) because of the long drives, of which I needed to be medicated after. There are NO rules to the road. Driving left, right, center, on, off, passing on blind curves, nearly hitting trees and taking a couple of pedestrians out with it, is all acceptable and normal driving conditions in the Dominican RP. If you stress at the slightest infraction of someone else鈥檚 driving, I highly recommend you stay away from these tours. We were on a bus to Catalina when the driver of the bus and a driver of a construction bulldozer got into it because the driver of the bulldozer refused to move to allow passage of our bus. That went on for over 20 minutes and was scary for everyone. At the point, we all just wanted to go back to the hotel. It wasn鈥檛 worth the money in the least bit. I felt like I needed an entire bottle of xanax to recoup from those tours. The food was your regular run of the mill buffet food. There are several ala carte restaurants that seem to get all of their food from the buffet; they just put a different spin on it (sauce, cheese, etc). If you pay attention, you鈥檒l see its really just one kitchen serving the entire setup, with the exception of the 鈥減ay/supplement spots鈥?and the Caribbean restaurant on the beach. My boyfriend enjoyed the Caribbean location; he said the seafood was excellent. I have a shellfish allergy and had to eat the grilled chicken there so I can鈥檛 comment on that one. In summation, the beaches are absolutely lovely and the weather pristine, but beyond that, there is nothing to write home about. The grounds beyond most of the hotels are sketchy and most all will tell you, even the locals, it鈥檚 not exactly safe so plan accordingly. Oh, and bring plenty of pepto bismal and imodium tablets with if it鈥檚 available to you, you鈥檒l need it.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>kwtribe6
<Content>good value, service lacking Just returned from the Ocean Blue yesterday on a last minute much needed getaway. We traveled with 4 kids which is never an easy task. The Hotel itself is beautiful and well layed out. The pools were spectacular.The hotel and beach were immaculate, perhaps the cleanest I've seen. Upon arrival we took a cab from the airport to the hotel to beat the main group of people from the plane. Good thing too! We were the only ones checking in and it took 30 minutes. We were able to upgrade to poolview deluxe suites in villa 6 for a $50 handshake although the check-in clerk said he would rather do it on Monday then on that particular day because he was tired and very busy? No one else in line. Upon getting to the room the maid came by and I gave her $20 and explained that we had 2 rooms with 6 people and we needed extra towels/water/ beer for dad, etc. every day. That was $20 wasted. The next day had to explain to her again and gave her another $5. I finally gave up and took what I needed from their carts everyday. The bar at the beach with Omar was fantastic. The kids club ladies did a great job entertaining. The teen club was good but the bowling alleys/ pool tables were in serious need of some upgrades but still usable. Always something going on but watch the schedules and even then the timelines seem to vary.  The food was fine. The buffet was every bit as good as a cruise ships if not better then a couple I've been on. The Italian/ Mexican and Caribbean restaurants had a good selection. I wouldn't put any of the restaurants at 5 star, but for an all-inclusive it was pretty good. The steaks were great, my wife loved the pastas. Mike's is a great spot for all your capuccino/coffee needs and more importantly your dessert needs which is explained below. No serious lin-ups or waits for anything. I think the only disappointing thing about the resort was the service and I think this is more of a Dominican issue then a resort. issue.The service was very spotty in all areas of the resort. I brought lots of money for tips but never really found many reasons to leave them. At the buffet if you are short on cutlery you might as well get it yourself. 5-6 workers will walk by and know what you need but none will address the issue. The same goes for beer/wine/water. You are contstanly asking. There are some workers who truly go the extra mile but there are 3 times as many who don't. It also seems that when you are in the restaurants that when you've received your dinner, you're done! When traveling with 4 kids they want dessert, etc. It was like pulling teeth to get a waiter back to take your order. One night at La Cana,( by the beach), the menu had all these great desserts on it that the kids wanted to try. On our 3rd attempt we got the waiter to take the order and he told us it would be 5 minutes. Finally after 20 minutes and 2 more attempts I asked another waiter where our desserts were? He informed us that there was no desserts at that restaurant only one flavour of ice cream. When I pointed to the menu he just shrugged his shoulder and said there were none. We left with a 5 year old in tears. They truly have not figured out the whole, customer serivce equals tips, scenario. On a another note. When you do tip or pay for something, have the right change. The Dominicans are masters at milking every dollar from you when you buy or need something. I gave the front doorman a 1000 peso note( $28) for handling my luggage and explained I needed 800 peso back which gave him $6 for 2 minutes work. He walked away and came back 5 minutes later and looked disappointed I was still there and then tried to give me the 200 pesos and wanted to keep the 800 which would have been a $22 tip. Good deal if I agreed. The cab driver from the airport agreed on $30 but when we arrived insisted it was $40 and would not take the luggage out until I paid. Give a bartender $5 and ask for a couple dollars change, he'll make you wait long enough that you'll give up even though he's got a pocket full of one's. The posted exchange rate for $4 is 140 peso's which I paid at the store but go to the inernet cafe and the guy there insists $4 is 150 pesos, ( money in his pocket). When I mentioned this to customer service they just shrugged their shoulders. I booked an excursion at the water sports desk that came up to $313. I gave $320 and after 10 minutes of trying to get my change while receiving the standard No Comprende Sinor, and having kids tugging on me I finally gave up and kissed the $7 good-bye. My spanish is fairly good but in the Dominican Republic is like the commercial,  hands in my pockets. I've stayed at a lot of all-inclusives,(3rd one in Dominican) and this one was fine for the money but for myself and the kids we will probably stick with cruises for a while. I know when I tip the room maid $20 at the beginning of a trip I don't have to ask again for anything and he/she knows their tip at the end will be bigger as well.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	3	2	3	

<Author>eric65
<Content>Beautiful grounds, would go again...but some complaints. Ocean Blue is a great hotel for what you鈥檒l pay, however there are just a few things you may want to know up front. Visually speaking the Ocean Blue is one of the nicest resorts my wife and I have both been to. The layout is amazing and both pools which lead up to the beach are spectacular. There are plenty of chairs and each has a swim up bar. The beach is beautiful with lots of chairs, shade huts, and nice white sand! The water is crystal blue and warm鈥he Dominican鈥檚 beaches are really second to none! When it came to eating at OB you鈥檒l find everything you need at the 'restaurant row鈥? which is a really cool little area of the resort. It鈥檚 laid out very well and again amazing to look at especially at night. As for the food we decided that breakfast overall was the best meal. The food was not bad, but it wasn't great. If you're happy with burgers, pizza and fries then this may work well for you. The restaurants which you wait for are all average. The lines get long and we actually had our best meal at the Route 66 American Restaurant...go figure. The Italian and Mexican were both decent but just not great. My biggest gripe with the Ocean Blue was the overall customer service. The bartenders were great...because they're working for tips, which I did happily give when they deserved it. Other employees around the resort seemed too consumed with playing games on their computers or talking on their cell phones to help you out. There were many evenings when waiters at the restaurants were standing around chatting and we had to go to the bar to get our own drinks. Once or twice fine...but almost every night? Too much. We also had an issue when we checked in with another couple being in our room and the front desk fixed it but weren't the most sympathetic. One issue that we didn't hear about at all of the other resorts was the 'high-pressure' selling. The Ocean Blue not only has its own employees constantly selling timeshares or excursions to guests but it allows vendors twice a week to come on the property during dinner time. They set up right in front of all the restaurants which means that you constantly hear, sir where are you from; sir just one minute, sir come look at my necklaces. The following is no lie: ON THURSDAY NIGHT A MAN APPROACHED ME TO SELL HIS PAINTINGS WHILE AT A URINAL IN THE MEN'S BATHROOM!Again, this could be at every resort not just Ocean Blue...selling stuff seems to be a Dominican thing and the sales people are all over the beach in front of all the hotels. This isn't a huge issue, but you should know before you go. If you're not used to islands that have this type of activity it can just be a little frustrating. We did have a great time however and I would go back. I would perhaps check out the Paradisus down the beach which everyone we met raved about. But the Ocean Blue did give us a good week and a good bang for the buck. I will repeat that: THIS IS PROBABLY THE MOST VISUALLY IMPRESSIVE PROPERTY WE'VE BEEN TOO!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>miketheman
<Content>Not What we expected My wife and I went to Ocean Blue on the reccommandation of family members who have been their. Unfortunately, they did not take my wife's disability into account. We were in what was discribed to us as an accessable room. Big problem, although there was a bench in the shower there was no hand rail on the wall for us to hold on to. As a result, my wife fell off the shower bench reinjuing her back. when I went to customer service I was told that they were not required to provide a railing on the shower wall. My wife required medical attention from the resort's doctor which ultimately required me to spend $300.00 for her services. (G-d bless her.) I should also say that the doctor inquired about the hand rail and was told that there were no rooms that were so equipped. As for the trip itself, I was disappointed. The only restaurant we wnt to other than the buffet was Route 66. The ramp hat was provided was not intended for wheelchair use since the wheels spun an went nowhere without having to be pushed. Going down the ramp required someone holding the chair so it wouldn't go down uncontrollably. We were both disappointed in this trip even if the accident did'nt happen.  We were in Villa 8 where there was an exposed electrical box with exposed wires in the entranceway to the villa. I don't know the electrical codes in the Dominican Republic but, in the USA that would be a violation that might close the villa until it was fixed. The electrical box should be flush to the ground and no wires should be exposed. But, something should be done about putting a hand rail on the wall of the shower especially if you are promoting the room as handicapped accessable.Michael SalemRoom 8120November 17 to 22  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>chipandebbie
<Content>Great Beaches, Friendly Country We visited Punta Cana for six nights during November 2008 and had a great time. The beaches are beautiful--large white sand beaches dotted with palm trees--and both the weather and the water were warm and pleasant. (One warning to careful or conservative parents--women can go topless on the beaches, and with many European visitors, you will see your share of breasts of all sizes, shapes, and ages. You will also see men in very tiny Speedos...regardless of their age or weight.)During our trip, we took two outstanding excursions. The first was a scuba diving trip to Isla Catalina through Pelicano Water Sports. The trip was fabulous. It takes about ninety minutes to go across the country to La Romana, where you get on the boat. On the boat, they treated us to soda and juice before the dive, with lots of Dominican music and dancing. Between dives, they gave us cups of hot noodle soup (to warm us up, even though it wasn't cold) and more juice. After the dives, we could have beer or rum if we wanted, and they served us a traditional Dominican lunch on the beautiful uninhabited Isla Catalina. The second great excursion was the Outback Safari. This trip takes you into the mountains of D.R. to visit a real family, a school, and to see how sugar cane, coffee, and cocoa are produced as the country's main exports. An incredible informative trip, but they make it lots of fun too. Our tour guide, Franklin, was fantastic--funny, knowlegable, and spoke three languages. This trip is a must-do for any Punta Cana visitor.We stayed at the Ocean Blue/Ocean Sands resort. Very nice once we got our room straightened out.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ecity
<Content>The Sky is Falling These buildings are too new to have the large ceramic tile awnings crashing onto a tourists' balcony, not once but twice!! The wedding planner was excellent. The wedding went off perfectly on the beach, the meal, what we could handle, was fantastic. The wedding set-up was beautiful and very professional. Although there still were a fair number of problems with the hotel itself.(honeymoon suite, air conditioning, etc).The staff were very attentive and the food was very good. Although, of the 30 some people in our wedding group, only about 4 did not get sick. Have no idea if it was the food or the drinks. We talked to a member of another wedding party and 16 of their people got sick also. This was our 4th trip to this area and unfortunately for our daughter and the others in our party, the worst. I have grave concerns about these large awnings that we witnessed come crashing down really injuring someone. This property is not old enough to have this happening. All the other resorts we went to in this area were fabulous. This is my wife and mine first trip advisor review. So take care. Feel free to contact us for more info. DBrand2@cogeco,ca  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	1	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jmarieappaloosa
<Content>Good and Bad - a honest review Left Nov 16 and returned Nov 23. Flight down and back, no problems. Seats are smaller than I remember, last flew 20 years ago (or maybe I've gotten broader) Flew with Air Transat, great service.When we landed in Punta Cana airport, got thru the airport and customs relatively quickly and found our bus quickly. Interesting ride to Ocean Blue (seeing the countryside) luggage was collected and placed in lobby to be delivered to our room. Line up for check in went quickly and we all received a welcoming drink. Our rooms were ready for us (we arrived at about 1 pm their time) Went to our rooms which were large and spacious (ours did smell a bit musty I had brought along a small can of air freshener and that worked well) Our luggage was delivered within 20 minutes, so we changed and went to the pool. On the Sunday that we arrived the blue pool, swim up bar was open, but for the rest of the week it was closed and the yellow pool swim up bar was open. Rooms, yes are a little tired. Saw some rust on chrome in bathroom, broke a leg on the TV cabinet and one of our lamps didn't fit in the socket anymore. Dealt with it. Pillows were hard as rocks (I like a soft feather pillow and was glad to see mine last night) But again, dealt with it. Our fridge was kept well stocked and room was cleaned when we put out our sign. And the one day we watched as the maid completely stripped the beds and put fresh bedding on. We also got fresh towels every day that we put used towels in tub. We did leave a tip the first day (in an envelope) and I would put out a small gift each day and a dollar tip. One thing we did notice that when you tipped one of the staff, they put all the money together in one box or bowl....it looked to us as if the tips were pooled for everyone.Food...no complaints there. Everyone in our party (of 30) enjoyed the food, we found lots of variety at the buffet and at the restuarants. Staff was always friendly and willing to look after you. And they knew quite a bit of English. I will say that on the Sunday morning for breakfast I could tell that the cream cheese had been whipped and put out, I'm assuming that it was from the day before. I just passed on it, though I had the cream cheese every other morning.Drinks...try the Dirty Monkey... it was great. The Lemon Darqurai (sp?) is good too.Some restuarants were open on some nights and then closed on others. There is a sheet in the morning at the buffet breakfast that would tell you when they were open. We didn't learn this until about the 2nd day. Our fault as we came in another door and not the door that the paper was handed out.We ate at Route 66 (american) food was good, an Italian couple that were with us, ate at the Italian resturant, they were quite satisfied with it. Son and his new wife (we went for their wedding) ate at the Steak house, they enjoyed it. The wedding supper was held at the resturant at the beach and was closed to the general public. I don't usually order beef (live on a beef farm, can have it anytime) but I had the beef tenderloin...it was very good! Tender and lots of it. They did an exceptional job with the whole wedding.The pools were fantastic and the beach beautiful. The grounds and the beach were kept clean. The only downside were the tourists who forget their manners and just throw their butts into the sand. Never had any problem with the timeshare people, told them once we weren't interested and they left us alone. A couple of people in our group did go on the tour, but they chose to do so.We went on the day excursion to Sonoma Island. Very interesting bus ride to the other side of the island to catch a power boat. Makes you look at your own lifestyle a little closer!The Downside. About 24 people in our party got sick. Violent diaherra, vomiting, cramps, etc. I have never seen my husband shake so bad from the chills he suffered, it hit suddenly in the evening and by the next afternoon he was feeling better, but wasn't really himself for at least 2 days. Seems like it hit the guys harder than the women. I didn't get sick there, but I have diaherra now at home and am feeling very tired. There was no common denominator that we could find. I'm leaning towards there just being a bug that everyone caught. We were also there at the time the balcony fell off one of the buildings, missed the roof collapsing, but someone did mention it. If you see the way they build the buildings down there you wouldn't be too surprised at the fact that stuff falls down. I read the reviews before we went and all in all I was pleasantly surprised. I would go back to the Dominican again, I might try a different resort, not so much because I didn't like the Ocean Blue, but to try something different. I think they did the best that they could and I was quite happy with my vacation there. Glad to go and glad to be home again. (I really missed my pillows)Things to take -take any medication you might need to get through stomach and intestinal bugs, headache medicine and allergy's. The sand fly bites can be quite itchy, and though my husband got bit, I didn't. Anti-itch cream comes in handy too. We took a Pepto Bismul in the morning and also at night, seemed to help a bit (caution, don't be surprised if the Pepto Bismul turns your tongue black, hubby had a black tongue one morning and I had to look on the internet to find out what it was, it was the Pepto Bismul)If you have any other questions, please feel free to email me and I will try and answer them for you.I still think getting sick was some sort of bug going around, I can't quite see how it was anything to do with the food or drink. Not everyone who got sick ate the same things or drank the same things. And the fact that a couple of us are now getting sick now that we are at home.Again, had a great vaction, but happy to be home.....now to get ready for Christmas!!!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>doudou40
<Content>Hotel is absolutly fantastic       Presenting the Ocean Blue by H-10  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lesa04
<Content>worst resort we went for a friends wedding for 7 days (my husband was the best man). trip was great for a few days until almost everyone got sick. this was not just a little sickness, this was vomiting, stomach cramps and diarrhea, and not just for a day, some people were sick for up to 4 days. I personally was ill for 4 days than sick when I got home, and had to take time off work. out of 30 people around 20-25 got ill at one point. Another problem was that the resort was falling apart. The roof onings were falling off rooms, and even the main lobby area, came crashing down, thank goodness no-one was hurt..reception- good luck trying to organize anything, reception kept telling us they would do things and never did. we booked an a-la-cart for the rehearsal dinner, which they said was open but was closed, leaving us scrambling to find another a-la- cart. speaking of that, most were closed., out of 5 only 1 or 2 were open on any given night, and reception could never tell us which ones. the wedding co-coordinator was great on the day of the wedding but was hard to call on when we needed help organizing a surprise or special dinner for the bride and groom. thanks goodness the wedding went well, which was most important. there were a few good things, the housekeeping great, the beach great, grounds were beautiful, but would never go again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>norcal1993
<Content>Never again I booked a last minute trip to Ocean Blue because I found a 40% off fall special. Even with the large discount, it still was not worth the money.Reception: Having read some reviews, this was surprisingly quick. After being invited to a special breakfast, I asked the representative if this was for a timeshare talk. He said no (liar), but I still respectfully declined. Other reviewers are correct; the TS reps continue to hound you. I found it helpful to say the following, You're wasting your time. I have no money for a timeshare.Food: Only good if you like mediocre food. I'm pretty sure food is recycled from meal to meal. Leftover bacon at breakfast appears during lunch alongside the pasta and hamburger bar, then later for dinner as bacon bits in the boiled cabbage. Breakfast was the best. Lunch was the same thing each day. The food served in restaurants for dinner was poor quality...tough steak, not-so-fresh vegetables, etc.Pool: Clean. Nice bartenders. It would have been nice to have a variety of music.Beach: Absolutely beautiful. The crew does a good job keeping it clean. If only the TS people would stop lingering.Room: I found the bed to be quite comfortable. Lighting pretty dim. AC worked just fine. Soft drinks and water replenished every day. Would be nice to have some juice. Housekeeping didn't come until late afternoon, even when I had Make up this room sign on my doorknob all morning (by the way...they fall off pretty easily with a little wind).Activities: Great, if you like cheesy activities. I did get into the water aerobics. With food available 24/7 its great to have some exercise. Never saw anyone rock climbing. I wish I could have learned archery. Tennis courts are far from guest rooms.Internet: I brought my computer and was able to buy 24 hours of a wireless internet connection for $25. Not bad. Connection was slow, but it was good enough.Traveling solo: Okay, so this is NOT the place to go if you're on your own. I always found it helpful to travel alone, especially when I need to just relax and get away from everyday stress. But, this place stressed me out more. Photographers and restaurant staff in buffets and restaurants ignored me. At the buffet, I observed others being greeted promptly when they sat down at a table. Not the case for me. I'm not sure if they were waiting for the rest of my party to join me (which I didn't have), but I purposely sat in the same area everyday so that I could get the same wait staff. And, repeatedly I had to get up and go to them. To ask for napkins, water, coffee, whatever. At the dinner restaurants, hostesses were reluctant to seat me, probably since I was dining alone and heaven forbid had to take up an entire table usually for two.A note on safety: On my last day at the resort, the roof that covered the walkway outside the convenience store collapsed. It was raining and windy, which brought down this unstable structure. Luckily no staff or guests were walking beneath it at the time. What was most disturbing was that staff reacted with little severity and timeliness. It made me wonder who poorly the rest of the resort has been constructed. Other visitors told me about collapsing balconies and a crashed boat/plane.A note on culture: If you're the kind of traveler who wants to learn about local culture (cuisine, music, history, etc.), you won't get it here. Employees encouraged me to travel out of the resort, and several even volunteered to take me to local hangout spots. Unfortunately, weather didn't permit me to do so, but if I were to go back to Punta Cana, I'd opt for a place that isn't so secluded from culture. Overall: If it wasn't for the beach, blue skies, and meeting some really cool employees who helped me with my Spanish (in exchange for helping them with their English), this vacation would have been a complete disappointment. I will never return to Ocean Blue. It is undeserving of its 4.5 or 5 star rating. I say 3 at the most.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>bowling175
<Content>Fantastic 7 days!! We booked our trip through apple vacations and we are so happy that we did. They were so helpful not only before we left but at the Dominican airport and at the resort. My husband and I stayed for 7 nights and wished it would have been longer. We had such a great time with the bartenders and staff. All the restaurants were very clean and the food was great. There was always something going on during the day around the pool area, which was very entertaining. The rooms were clean and spacious, and the view was wonderful. I would highly rcommend this resort and Punta Cana to anyone. We can not wait to return.One tip I would give would be to take plenty of $1.00 bills and be sure to take a credit card or enough cash as the atm at this resort only gives peso's. Also, if you are able to leave the resort please do so. It is such a reality check to see how the dominicans live and work, it makes you thankful for what you have. We did the safari excursion which was also entertaining and fun. Then we went to Don Lucas, it is a cigar factory in the downtown area. That was very interesting and we were able to find a lot of nice gifts here without being hasseled. A tip for bartering: never never give full price, start at 1/3 of what they ask and go from there, set a limit and stick to it, if you say no and walk away, they will stop you and take anything they can get. It gets to be fun once you start.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>allinclusivelover
<Content>A really good time - I'd go back My wife, my adult daughter, and I spent seven days at the Ocean Blue October 15 thru the 22. We booked the trip through Apple Vacations. This was our 9th all inclusive trip booked through them. I read the reviews of the resort here on Trip Advisor, as I always do, before booking. This was our third trip to Punta Cana. I must say the resort was very nice. We stayed during the off season so the hotel was only 40% occupied. We stayed in villa #5. The room was fine. Not a palace, but comfortable to sleep in. It was kept clean and is one of the first times we had a room that absolutely had no mildew smell to it. Our mimi fridge was kept stocked - plenty of water and beer. (A small tip goes a long way. I will also say they were stingy with the toilet paper.) The resort was doing some remodeling in the lobby and the theater so the entertainement was limited. We had no problem checking in. Took about 15 minutes total. We did walk to our room (our choice) which was one building from the beach. Judging by the comments in some of the reviews apparently there are a number or people that can't walk more than ten feet unaided. The restaurants were some of the best we have come across in an all inclusive. We particularly enjoyed the Dominican, Italian, and Mexican restaurants. We liked the fact that you weren't limited to only a couple of specialty restaurant visits per stay. No reservations were required. The bars were all stocked with top shelf booze. Even had Bud in bottles in the sports bar. We were never approached by any one selling time shares.The biggest downer was the cleanliness of the beach. It's obvious that the sand was never raked for litter (which is common in other resorts). Since there were a lot of European guests that smoked, they apparently think that the beach is one big ashtray and wouldn't even consider picking up after themselves.Overall service was good at the bars and restaurants. The entertainment was the usual lip synching dance numbers - but they tried hard! We booked a couple of side trips. The zip line tour was great. It was SO much fun. Apple was, as usual, just great. All inclusives are a great vacation if you take them for what they are. Don't pay too much, Don't expect gormet food. Do drink a lot and above all RELAX!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TanyaZ
<Content>Would not stay there or recommend it to anyone else either!!! Hello All....I booked this vacation on a last minute notice ..I read some reviews on TA and it seemed like a nice resort..This is my 5th trip to Punta Cana....this is the worst resort I stayed (stayed at the RIU(3x) and Majestic(1x)...I would never stay there or recommend it to anyone else in this matter..this hotel has absolutely NO STANDARDS!!!!...I am extremeley surprised the positive reviews this resort has received..People..be honest..other people read these reviews when they consider booking a hotel..be honest because you would want others to be honest as well in their review...People spend their hard earned money to go on vacation and they do not need people to suger coat their experience just to make themselves feel better at the horrible places they stayed in...I now realize that all the negative reviews on this resort were absolutely correct and should have taken them into consideration rather then just thinking its a person who is too picky... If anyone has any further question please feel free to contact me directly I would anwer any questions or concerns you have..Thank you!!!Stayes from 11/8-11/15Reception: unorganized and unfriendly..standing in line and there were many people waiting..it was difficult to know which line was the check in..people were just coming in and going upfront and reception simply took them while we were still waiting. Received our keys and were asked to speak to a representative about the resort (Thank you for TA reviews we figured it was more learning about the resort as part of their timeshare) we simply declined and went to our room. The reception did not have any nice welcoming words to say. Also, when we first got in our laugage was left standing in the middle of the lobby...do not expect any one greeting you or a welcoming drink either.Room: Stayed at Villa number 4 room 4331 (third floor- no elevators) the room was big but that is the nicest term I could describe the room. The furniture is old and falling apart. The lighting was horrible both in the room and the bathroom. The refrigerator had 2 waters and 3 bottles of soda. It was never stocked the entire week. The maid service is a joke. Everyday we had to chace one since they never left towels or toilet paper. Also do not expect them to change your bedding or even sweep the floor. After raining at night the floor on the balcony was dirty and for 3 days we waited for it to be cleaned. We even left a towel on the floor for the maid to pick it up and finally notice the dirt..nope didn't work either. The day before we left we had only 1 towel left in the bathroom (no face towels either). At this point we were already just over this hotel and called front desk to complain. Advise.!!!.save your breath..management could care less about your concerns..you already paid for your trip and you are worthless to them. The maid supervisor came to the room to inspect it. We should her the balcony floor and furniture which were never cleaned or dusted..the bedding that they didn't replace and the bathroom mirror and bath which were disgusting. They processed to call one of the maid's into our room and started screaming at her. We felt emberresed that they needed to do it in our presence. Once again..it was a little to late all we wanted were some towels. This is not a way to talk to your employees and discuss any issues with them. It was only meant to be done so we can feel better that they did something. Actually it didn't do a thing.Food: Been to plenty of resorts and this is the worst food we had. And partly is because they had the same variety every day..after the third day we were sick of eating the same thing for breakfast lunch and dinner. We are not fussy eaters but really how many days can you eat the same thing. The resturants (Mexican..Dominican..Route 66.. were horrible..we walked out). The only good thing was Mikes cafe. It only helped because we are addicted to coffee. Beach/Pool: Awesome..great...but you would get it in any hotels in Punta Cana so this should not be a consideration when you are looking for a hotel..they all share the same beach and I am pretty sure the pools would be nice in even a 1 star resort..Be preapred to be harrased at any chance they get from the minute you walk in the door ...to when you go eat..and the beach with representative trying to sell timeshare. It is the most annyoing thing on vacation. At some point you need to be rude and ignore them otherwise you would be holding a conversation just to say NO..NO..NO!!! This is not a way you want to spend your time on a vacation.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	1	4	

<Author>CallMeeRee
<Content>Wished it was better The resort is beautiful, the beach was amazing, the food was good... The coffee shop and sports bar, were the best places to hang out... The professional photographers working on the beach/resort were very, very good (and though expensive, their pictures were worth every USD). UNFORTUNATELY, that is where the positives end. Upon arrival, we found the reception desk to be very disorganized. We were offered a gift basket if you took a tour of the resort the following day... hmmm?... Since we didn't take the tour, we were then bombarded with offers for free lobster dinners or $150 USD to take the tour... (All tour groups warn you about 'time share' scams and/or tours that take up your day trying to sell you something.) I wasn't expecting this type of pressure coming from within the actual resort. The two lamps in our first romm did not have light bulbs or electrical cords, our safe wasn't working, the first shower we took in our room was hysterical... we weren't paying attention, so much water came out of the shower that it was literally running underneath the beds... there was some form of construction going on across the street from our rooms (they work during the cooler hours - early in the morning and late in the evening)... When we complained and asked to be moved, the front desk actually made us feel that we were spoiled 'americans'. We were even told that there was no construction going on. We had asked to stay within the same Villa (5) but across the hall, facing away from the construction. When we were finally moved... We were moved to Villa 4, we definetly felt that we were 'downgraded'... the fridge in the second room was definetly not stocked like fridge in our original room, the linens were older (old fashioned), the new room definetly needed to be painted, the furniture was older, the cleanliness was not up to par with our room in Villa 5. We couldn't even get the maid to give us toilet paper, never mind extra towels or pillows. (We tipped the maid everyday.) Our friends had $550 stolen from their room safe, the resort took no responsibility, wouldn't help them contact the local authorities to file a report and made excuses every day as to why they could not bring in the maid for questioning. Service at the restaurants was sporadic, mainly depending on the individual waiters and the day of the week. We noticed that on the days 'management' was around the waiters hustled a little more. (We tipped at every sitting.) There is an 'activity crew', but honestly we didn't sense their presence till Thursday?? but the MOST DISAPPOINTING thing was the lack of cleanliness on the beach. I know that some responsibility has to be put on the guests, for not being careful with the environment... but the resort itself, needs to be responsible for their environment... On Saturday (our last day), we picked up and threw out half of a life preserver that had been lying on the beach in plain view the entire week. All in all, our two families managed to have fun, because we are a FUN BUNCH, but next time these spoiled americans will not be returning the Punta Cana and certainly not staying at Ocean Blue or at any H10 Resort...  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	1	1	3	

<Author>jenai23
<Content>The Best Vacation  Lets just say if you are second guessing going to The Ocean Blue just go. It is an amazing hotel with an amazing staff. Yeah every hotel has some problems but nothing that would spoil a great time. It was slow season when we stayed the second week in October and sometimes you could feel like you were the only ones there. Every inch of this hotel was spotless at all times. The food was good and The Italian Restaurant was to die for. If I would have known that we would have been there every night. Rooms are great but we did not go to an Island to stay in our room. If anyone did not have an amazing time at this hotel and in Punta Cana they would not have a good time anywhere.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PABeachGrl
<Content>100% Fabulous Our stay at Ocean Blue was wonderful in every way! I would highly reccomend it for anyone looking for a relaxing vacation. We did the upgrade to the Elite Club and it was well worth it! Our room was right by the pool  the ocean and it was more beautiful than we expected since some of the previous reviews were not so good. It was very clean and very comfortable. My favorite was the whirlpool tub in the bathroom. We also liked the refrigerator full of soda, water  beer. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We recieved a call every day to make sure we had everything we needed. The resturants  food were all very good. The sports bar and the casino was a big hit with us. Jose in the Sports Bar always makes sure you have a full glass and is a lot of fun! Our timing was perfect on our stay as well because the resort was not crowded at all. The pool and ocean was beautiful and well maintained. We walked down the beach and noticed that our resort was one of the best looking resorts on the beach. We thought Ocean Blue was a very good value for the money. There was a lot to do at an additional cost unless you did the elite club, but we were too lazy to do any of it and totaly enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>misswonder
<Content>Loved it but couldnt wait to get home My partner and i have just returned from the ocean blue 2 weeks 6th-21st oct first impressions of the hotel as you step into the lobby are fantastic, reception staff ok if you can make them understand what you want, so a bit of spanish would be helpful.We were given our room number, which was villa 8 room 8309 and then went and had a long awaited drink from the bar. By the time we got to our room our cases were there.ROOMS Well equiped with everything you might need, ladies the hair dryer is ok not whimpy. Two basins but in ours the plug in one didnt work and stil hadnt been fixed by the time we left but not a problem at home you only have one so we just used that.The jacuzzi bath well i could have spent all my holiday in there but i wouldnt have got a tan lol, just one thing in that department leave yourself enough time to fil it up as it takes a long time.Several reviews on here say that the lighting isnt up to standard so we took light bulbs that are screw in but we never needed them. The fridge was stocked with soft drinks and beer but be warned after you have drank the beer that is there you get no more unless you chase the maid, we gave our maid 10 dollars on the first morning but had to chase her constantly for coffee whitener,coffee,sugar, toilet roll and beer in the end we ended up finding the trollys ourself and just taking it, but saying that our room was always cleaned nicely.We also had a problem with our door one night it wouldnt lock so had to sleep all night with it that way and another night it wouldnt open and it took them over 2 hours to get us into our room again , be sure to tell reception if you have any problems they do fix it.We didnt have any problems with our air con or the safe as previously mentioned in other reviews and the floors in the bedrooms are not sticky as reported i took slippers though which was nice as its all tiled and cold.FOODOk this is down to everybodys own taste what i think is nice some one else might think is crap but on the whole if you cant find anything to eat here you must be very fussy and picky, we liked Route 66 and the buffet, there was always a good choice of food every where, but if your going in the hope that the food is like at home you wil be dissapointed it all seems to have sauces and bits in it, try it though its good. Also get hold of the ocean post that is given out in the morning at breakfast, that tells you what food places are closed that night in our case 2 or 3 of them were closed nightly.STAFFThese ppl have a hard job trying to plz every walk of life all the time, most of them always have a smile for you but lets face it we all have off days dont we so give them a break, they work long hours for little pay but also dont be fooled by the ! we dont have much out here talk! they have more then you think, in our opinion tips dont get you anywhere a smile does and plz be polite to them and treat them the way you would like to be treated.POOLSThe 2 pools are fabulous each with their own swim up bar although the blue pools bar was closed for most of our stay so if we wanted a drink we had to get out of our pool and go to the yellow pools bar, so why not stay at the yellow pool you ask? The blue pool was quiet and all the games and such like are at the yellow pool which was very noisey.The beach is just the bees knees, the sand pure white and no pebbles in sight a bit of seaweed but that is cleaned up every day by the army of cleaners that go round the resort every day constantly cleaning. The stall holders that are on the beach can be very forceful, just say no thank you and just keep walkingand dont be fooled by high fiving them as you do this they grab your hand haha gotcha.ENTERTAINMENTWell this is where they fell down big time. They had a theater which had a show in it every night that lasted for about an hour for the first week , in the second week that was closed and the show was taken over to the lobby area, so now you had nowhere to sit for a quiet drink and there wasnt enough seats to accomadate everybody so it was a fight for seats every night. We didnt take the kids with us but started to wish we had of done because at least they would have been our entertainment and if you have kids you wil know what we mean lol.So if you want none stop entertainment think again, or as we were told it was out of season so mind when you go . EXCURSIONSWell again down to your own likes and dislikes, we went on a day out at Manati Park 65 dollars each, this is where you can swim with the dolphins. You are only in the water with the 3 dolphins for about 5 minutes if that, with a group of others.So the rest of the day is spent walking round the park looking at the other animals, it took us al of 30 minutes and we couldnt wait to get back to the hoteland the only other time we left the hotel was to go on the tropical storm trip what can i say but ......brill.Well i think that just about covers it, the weather was terrific the flight is long but worth it.........Would i go again ......... YES  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jerseymomma
<Content>Beautiful Beach, But Lack of Service my husband, 2 children,  i stayed at ocean blue with my friend and her family november 1 to 8, 2008. the weather, beach  resort were beautiful, however the service at ocean blue was terrible. the workers were not friendly at all. waiters in the restaurants were not efficient even after leaving tips. something as simple as asking for a cup of coffee took forever and sometimes had to be asked for twice before being served. the maids cleaning the rooms were not pleasant at all. we ran out of toilet paper and were told they had none and offered us a box of tissues instead. bath towels were scarce. when asked for extra towels, we felt that we were inconveniencing them to assist us. the room my friend stayed in, well the first room actually, had no light bulbs in the lamps and the lamps had no electric cords! although the food was delicious and fresh in all the restaurants, the service was not up to par. however, the sports bar and mike's coffee shop did have better service. the bartender JOSE at the sports bar was great! the server CRISTOBAL at the mike's coffee shop was wonderful! the front desk people were not very helpful and were not accomodating at all. after requesting a new room my friends finally were moved, but unfortunately their room was a downgrade! i would not recommend ocean blue to anyone. it's unfortunate because the beach is one of the most beautiful beaches i've ever seen, but ocean blue's service needs great improvement!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>DARREN21shepshed
<Content>We all had a fantastic time stayed at the ocean blue 23 oct to 6 nov 2008 with my brother and his wife and myself and husband we had a fantastic time, we had a junior suit, villa 9 room 9127 we noticed a musty smell as soon as we arrived but thought we only sleep in here and we got used to it once we were in, but three days into our holiday I heard water in the bathroom at first I thought it was my husband having a shower but then realised there was water running out of the ceiling and coming through the lights right into the bath which is very dangerous we complained to our rep right away and she got us moved to another room which was villa 8 room 8219, and was very nice no smell or water leaking. The food was very good in the buffet we also ate at the domincan, Route 66 anditalian we liked the domincan and Route 66 didnt like the italian the beach and sea are lovely, the pools fantastic, staff very friendly and always smiling. They put on a lovely poolside Barbeque and also one on the beach which was lovely. Please dont believe the bad reviews we only had a problem with our room but it was sorted out quickly.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Suncand
<Content>Soooo, Soooo 鈥?Nice in the Dominican Republic (SunCand Travels)       Post card perfect  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lurrrn13
<Content>Don't be afraid OCEAN BLUE ='s Fantastic! First off i was extremely worried because of the bad reviews from this site. Now that i have returned from an amazing stay i can not believe people could complain and bad mouth such a wonderful place! Me and my boyfriend ages 20 stayed 8 days and 7 nights (Oct. 25-Nov. 1st) and we did not want to come home!Travel Agent:I booked with apple vacations..which i have gone through 3 times prior to this trip and i love them. They have there own villa #5 right in front of the two pools and a one minute walk to the beautiful beach. The only problem we had with them was me and my boyfriends seats on the plane both their and back were not together we were definitely not happy about that but on the return we were bummed up to first class by two fabulous ladys from American Airways!Room:We also requested a non 1st floor room since we read about reviews where there were bugs in the room. i can not stand bugs of any kind so this was a huge worry to me. When we arrived we received a first floor room. Instead of being a pain and going all the way back to the lobby we decided to stay. Well it worked out great! There are no door stops so bugs can easily come under the door so we opted to place a towel by the door to keep them out. We were bug free and it was no problem. The rooms are very basic and yes the furniture could use some upgrading but we were only there to sleep and get ready and the hotel itself made up for it. The bathroom was very nice two sinks and a Jacuzzi which we definitely enjoyed.Pool/Beaches:Two HUGE pools, clean, warm, and beautiful! The yellow pool was were we hung out because the blue pools swim up bar was not open. Its low season and not many travelers but we could usually always find a seat. As far as the missing tiles, we did not see any so maybe they were fixed. The beach was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. So blue and warmer then the pool. White soft sand with plenty of chairs and shade. This is why I love Punta Cana! There is a beach bar right on the beach. Also soccer/volleyball/egg throwing contests etc. are held. The towel place and area where u can sign up for parasailing and extra cost activities was also located on the beach. This place also has a bathroom that many people didn鈥檛 know.Bars/Drinks/entertainment/casino:There are tons of bars in this place! The lobby was our favorite. They made the best drinks. You must get a Dori Monkey or Bahama Mamma! They use glass at every bar besides the beach and pool bars. You get umbrella and pineapple garnishes which we really enjoyed. There is some higher brand liquor like smirnoff, barcardi, stoli, JD, etc that you DO NOT HAVE TO PAY EXTRA FOR! all you have to do is ask or they will give you the low end liquor. Bloody Marys in the morning were enjoyed as well : ) came with celery only at the lobby bar. When we were there the theater was under construction and so was their main lobby. So the shows were held at the lobby, pool, or beach. It was hard to find seats because of the small area but the shows were definitely worth watching. The beach party entertainment blew us both away. They had these two guys break dancing and they blew everyone watching away. We went to the casino once played a little didn鈥檛 win anything. There are tables to play poker and different games and also slot machines. Hotel Staff:Another reason why i love Punta Cana is the people. Everyone is just so nice and friendly. We were treated like family and anything we needed was taken care of. Jose, PAPA Toni, Carlos were the best!! They are so full of life and remember your name and face! They had H-10 representatives at the buffet asking us what improvements they could make and made sure our stay was wonderful. They had surveys you could fill out about the hotel also. They staff really made sure our stay was everything we expected and more. Everyone kept welcoming us to come back and enjoy their country again.Excursions:We did the Zip line tour and Saona Island. I would highly recommend both. The Zip line was safe fun and a great experience. 12 zip lines longest one 780 feet. PAPA TONI was the best guide ever!! This was my second time going to Saona Island and it is one of the best tours i have ever been on. You will see the bluest clearest water at this island. Food, volleyball, dancing, drinking or just relaxing you will have an amazing time!Food:The buffet had tons of choices and different themes each night. We never left hungry! We enjoyed the al la cartes better then the buffet. They have American, Dominican, Italian, Caribbean, and Mexican. We ate at everyone besides the Dominican. Each one was great with many choices. The only complaint would be the Mexican was not air conditioned so it was a little uncomfortable but the food made up for it. Overall:Ocean Blue was everything and more. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE don't worry there is no way you could have a bad time. We would definitely recommend this hotel and return here in the future. As a side note i had also read reviews that said the place was loud. We rarely heard music. Of course they are going to have activities on the beach and pool. You are going to hear music (water aerobics etc) We actually would have enjoyed more music. They also have photgraphers all over the resort taking pictures. We were sitting on the beach and Lupa came up to us and asked if she could take some pictures of us. Well she went way beyond what we expected. We took close to 60 photos of us all for nothing. When we later went to view them we were blown away. If you see Lupa have her take your picture she was amazing. I have attached a few of them to my review check them out if you are interested. Everyone we met and talked to had nothing to complain about. So don't worry, go with an open mind and have an amazing vacation!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jpm19
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue Stayed here with our 7 and 3 year old grandchildren and had a great time! Weather was beautiful . Had lots of fun at the pool, beach, and ocean. Staff were very friendly. The Kids Club was a hit with our almost 4 year old, and the 7 year old thought it was pretty neat to be able to go to the Teen Club. The Mini Disco at 8:00 was a hit with both of them. We all enjoyed the food and drinks. The children loved the attention from the staff, and the banana milkshakes at the bar were a treat for them. We adults enjoyed being able to go to any restaurant without reservations. Feel free to ask me for more info.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rossierose
<Content>good value but very noisy. We have just returned from two weeks stay at the ocean blue and would like to share our experience so you can make up your own mind. we arrived at the hotel at 4pm and were in our room within 20 mins. we were asked on arrival if we wanted to find out more about the hotel, which we declined as we thought this was the beginning of the timeshare hassle - which it was!The room was spacious and adequate for what we needed. we were in villa 7 and had the extra large balcony which faced over the garden. towels were changed every day, bedding changed three times in the two weeks. Irritatingly the bedside lamps had to be plugged in ,i.e. there was no on / off switch. we only found out two days before we left that they should have had chain cords attached to turn on and off. The balcony door had two major cracks - we told guest services and the door was replaced within 4 hours. We didn't feel safety was that important to the hotel as the electric clock had a side panel missing in which bare wires were exposed and one of the bedside lamps also had bare wires exposed, although Guest services sent maintenance to fix them within hours of them being reported.Air con worked but I don't think it was that efficient. we set the temperature to 18 degrees and it never dropped below 24 degrees, but to be honest it still felt cool in the room and was fine for us, especially as the outside temp was 90.The major problem we had was with ants They were in our room (which was on the third floor!) and when the coffee maker was turned on they would run out from underneath it! we had our room fumigated three times in the first three days before the problem was resolved. The ants are all around the pool area, on the beach, on the stairs - just about everywhere. they don't normally bother me but I was becoming obsessed by the end of our holiday. I am sure they could deal with this by spraying regularly. Always hot water in our room and decent shower, but again ant problems.Anyone going to this hotel needs to be aware there is building work in progress although it is mainly up at the reception area and is not intrusive. the theatre is being dug up and the workmen are there from early morning until after 9pm excavating the floor. this meant that the evening entertainment is held in the lobby bar so unless you are there from about 7pm you won't get a seat and there are long long queues at the lobby bar. Reception also has ongoing work and is temporarily placed in the elite lounge along with guest services. The noise is only bothersome if you wanted to sit outside the coffee shop - you cannot hear the noise when by the pool or in the villa.we were told by our rep this was low season and admittedly the first week we were there the hotel was half empty as there was a conference. As a result half of the restaurants were 'in recess' i.e. closed. Route 66 was closed for all of our second week and the swim up pool bar for the blue pool was closed all week . we found the food on average to be good but slightly repetetive. we refused to use either of the two restaurants which charged $40 supplements as we had paid for AI. As someone previously pointed out two of the restaurants are in fact one as they share the same buffet (but this was closed anyway) and as many of the others were closed during our stay, the hotel did not actually have the number of restaurants and bars as advertised. The only time my partner was ill was when we ate at the beach restaurant during daytime. You also need to be aware that there are stray dogs which seem to live on the beach obviously encouraged by guests feeding them. On our final night the hotel did an outside BBQ which was total chaos as there were insufficient tables for all the guests, who were getting more and more irate. As mentioned previously, some of the food was being put out a couple of hours before being served, when the temperature was in the high eighties. we were very aware of this and chose our food very carefully and can honestly say it was the worst meal we had!I cannot recommend Mikes coffee bar enough - the range of drinks and quality is second to none. Yes it does get busy and comfy chairs hard to find but that's because people want to stay there for the fab drinks, cakes and chocolate chip cookies they serve. The air con is also great in there. Great staff, very friendly .The pools were nice - water warm and kept very clean. we found little to no damage, although we only used the blue pool. It has a walk in shallow end for toddlers and is about 4'6 st the deepest. There were plenty of sunbeds  umbrellas but few tables, which would not have normally bothered me but for the ant problem. The other problem was the very loud music played all day at the yellow pool. it was louder some days than others. We found the beach to be good although it was concerning that the cordoned off area for swimmers was about 10foot away from speedboats tearing past you. we went to punta cana particularly for the snorkelling but found it disappointing, partly because there was little to see in the cordoned off area, but you could not venture outside this area because of the speedboats.The other problem we had was the noise from the LTI hotel next door. Perhaps it was just our villa location but some nights the loud music was played until after midnight so if you wanted some peace and quiet on the balcony ,tough luck!Overall we found staff to be friendly and helpful. we did not tip until our last day and we didn't have any problems with the service. we did have some hassle with the sellers within the hotel trying to get you to buy and particularly from H10 representative trying to sell you timeshare most mornings on your way in to breakfast. we filled out hotel surveys three times while there but did not get any feedback. We did one excursion with thomsons which was the reef explorer but personally I would not recommend it. Again this was for the snorkelling but there was little to see. It also promised floating mats, swimming with sharks and stingrays, kayaking and a floating bar . There were soft drinks, some fruit , ham and bread. we were never offered the floating mats and missed out on the stingrays. we also spent a day at manati park which was better - but don't forget to take insect repellent as you definately need it. There is a free bus which is a bone shaking converted wagon and the main roads are terrible! The dominicans also take every opportunity to photograph you to try and get you to buy - even at the airport on arrival!we found there was little to do when the weather was bad and we had a few days of rain. The gardens are beautiful and if you're in villa 7 facing the gardens you can have a few laughs watching the security men chasing the flamingos back into their pen! Overall we would go back to this hotel if we got a cheap deal for it because it was fairly comfortable, felt safe and generally was of a decent standard, despite our problems which were quickly resolved.finally, if you go with thomsons be aware that they take you at the airport nearly 4 hours before your flight leaves! It wasn't that they wanted to pick up the new arrivals as the incoming plane didn't land until 2.45pm, but we had to sit there from 12.30pm until 4pm. So basically you lose day off your holiday as you leave the hotel at 11,40am. It might be worth making your own way in a taxi if sitting around an airport isn't your thing.hope this has been helpful, if anyone wants to ask anything, I'll do my best to help.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Bald_Old_Rick
<Content>More Jekyll and Hyde than Ocean Blue       Gorgeous beach  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>Lionsroam
<Content>Great Value Vacation Punta Cana: Ocean Blues Golf  Beach ResortDate: October 10-17, 2008Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member, Harrisburg, PA We have just returned from a week at the Ocean Blue Golf  Beach Resort in the Dominican Republic. This was our first trip to the D.R. and overall we had a great vacation. We booked through AAA/Apple Travel. All arrangements made by Apple were spot on with the exception of the air travel. We were suppose to travel non-stop out of Philadelphia but they ended up combining the Philadelphia and Baltiomore flights so we had to fly from Philadelphia to Baltimore to pick up passengers before heading to the D.R. non-stop. Not big a deal but it wasn't what we originally booked.As for USA3000 Airlines. This was our first time flying with them and they did a great job. We were early arriving in the D.R. and also on our return flight. The pilots and Crew made us feel very comfortable and keeped us informed as our trip progressed. The planes were very clean Airbuses. As for our baggage, we had packed several bottles of Rum to bring home and everything arrived in tact. Just remember to keep your bag to 50 pounds or they will charge you. Once we arrived in the D.R. we were greeted by women dressed in traditional D.R. dress for a photo oppertunity which they will have ready for you when you return to the airport to depart, They charge $8.00 USD for the picture if you want it. The picture actually came out nice so we bought ours. Next you have to buy your travel card. This is one of those silly taxes. You stand in a line, give a man $10.00 USD per person in your party (cash only) he gives you a travel card only to hand it back to another man a few feet away. Not sure who is geting rich for this but oh well, the price to travel.Next on to immigrations, that went quick, claimed our luggage and walked out where we were greeted by the Apple Representative who directed us to our bus. All went well.From the Airport it took about 20-30 min. to get to the Ocean Blue. The roads in the D.R. are just horrible. Pot Holes all over the place so it was a bumpy ride.We arrived at the Ocean Blue at about noon. Check-in was fairly quick and cold drinks greeted us while waiting to check-in. As part of the check in they try to get you to sign up to listen to a pitch about owning a time share which ticked me off but we just ignored them and said that we were not interested. So were now checked in but our rooms were not ready. Checkin is at 3:00 p.m., not a problem we knew this (still kinda were expecting to luck out and get a room early but no such luck). So it was off to find lunch and explore. We did this and ended up down on the beach and in one of the two pools. Both of which are beautiful, we knew we had arrived. At 3:30 we were done and ready to get unpacked so we went back to the lobby and received our room key. Headed to our room and was expecting our luggage to be waiting for us (No such Luck) Had to call down 3 time before our luggage was brought up around 5:30. We weren't to happy about the luggage delay.The rooms were nicely appointed yet simple. Remember you are traveling in the tropics so all of the floors were tile for obvious reasons. All in All the rooms were nice but your not at the Ritz and oh by the way other then sleeping we didn't spend much time in our room, to many things to do.Because we went in off-season there were several construction projects going on, The main theater where all of the nightly shows were to be performed was closed for renovations so the shows were moved to the main lobby bar. Not the best place for a show but it had to do I guess. Again not advertised when we signed on for this trip. (Renovations aren't suppose to be finished for awhile).Besides the main dining buffet they also have several themed resturants where you could have a sit down dinner if you wanted. But just be warned each night several were closed so we had to plan which night we would be able to eat at this places. Also, there are several resturants that charge a uplift of $40.00 USD per person to eat in and then there were two resturants where men had to wear long slacks to get in to. Food at all resturants was good. We found NO problems with eating the food/fruit/or veggies. All of the water at this resort is filtered before serverd. Don't be afraid to eat anything it was all good. Just keep in mind you will experiense different foods from different counties since this resort draws guests from all over the world. While we were there I met people from England, Germany, Spain, America, France, etc. Experiment with your taste buds.OK, lets get to the drinks...RUM for everyone and any other type of drink you desire. Also, they have L Presidenta beer on tap and it is ice cold. Made in the DR and I have to tell you it was a good beer, I was surprised.Beach and Ocean were beautiful, pools are large and nice with swim up bars, afternoon activities were a blast. Caution, if you are traveling with children you will see topless bathers so explain it to them before you go. After the first day my kids were fine seeing it and by the end of the week its no big deal. Actually, I think bathing topless catches on for Americans cause it seemed to increase by the day.In Summary, we had a great vacation for the value. Yes, we had a few rough spots but it is a beautiful tropical resort destination we had a great time, relaxed, partied, eat to much, and drank way too much. P.S. Brush up on your Spanish but it wasn't a problem with most of the staff.This review is the opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>kittycat75019
<Content>wish i was there now We went on a girls vacation... The hotel was everything we needed! The staff was super friendly, food just fine, beach was wonderful and plenty to do and drink... if i had one complaint it would be the beds were not the best- but just drink more and than they were great! I think it is a better place for partying with friends than a romantic gateaway...  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BaltimoreElvis
<Content>Worst place ever Food was awfull and service even worse, Only limited places to eat, since 2 places closed each day. Entertainment was a joke. Weather was great, Pool was great, room was ok, beach was ok.Very poor comunication with guest by staff and Apple Rep.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	3	1	5	

<Author>pathfinder18
<Content>can t wait to go back this was our first stay out of the country together we stayed from 10/5 to 10/11/08. I was hoping i picked the right resort with all the negitive reviews on here. Our stay was great we had the honeymoon suite the room was evan better than we expected.We had 2 balconies one with a view of the hut mall an the other of the ocean over looking the beach by the buffet resterant.My wife wanted to take the outdoor shower home.Our check in was swift we did have a hour wait for our room but by time we got something to eat our bags were being deliverd to our room we passed them on the way back. hotel staff was very nice i guess its how you treat them that makes the difference.The food was pretty good lots to choose from it was a little on the bland side but it has to be to feed everybody.We had no problem finding goodspots by the pool or ocean every day. We didn t go to the disco or casino after spending all day in the pool an drinking we were in bed by midnight an up by 7am the next day a helpful hint bring your own insulated cup really helps you don t have to keep going back for drinks as much .My wife kept laughing at all the people with cup envy because we brought our own an they evan had straws built into them a great envestment lol.We booked through applevactions an had no trouble at all was nice having a rep on site we stay in buiding 10 it was one of the elite buidings an we plan to do that again. We met people from everywhere russia spain england canada cuba france and usa.For the most part everbody was freindly the americans were the most rude demanding drinks an loud an complaining could of just been because they where from the new england area .We did tip well our room was always clean an pops water an alchol awlays replentished prumptly.W e weren t going to go back for a couple more yrs but decided to go back again next year.Sorry about the rambling way of writing but over it was a great experiance with very nice people can t wait for next yr.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sweet_dee_3
<Content>Very Nice My very first all inclusive was to Ocen Blue Golf  Beach Resort and I loved it. At that time I had no other places to compare it to but now that I have been to other resorts I realized what an amazing stay I had. I stayed there 2 years so I don't know if anything has changed since then but I wanted to write a review because it is a great place and I would go back. I went with my sister and we had amazing service the whole week. All the staff are friendly and work really hard. Check in was fast and right away we had someone take us to our room.Our rom had only 1 bed so we request another rooom and on the secong day we got another with 2 bed and a better location. We were very pleased.The food was not the best but we could always find something to eat. The buffet is big with lots of variety. Went to the Mexican restaurant and it was bad so we then went to the buffet. The Sports Bar is open all night and that's good if you are feeling hungry at 2 in the morning. It has the usual bar food.The night entertainment is not that good. Only 2 shows were good during the week we were there.The disco was the only thing to do after 11pm and that too was only good depending on the night. If poeple showed up then it would be good. Other nights it was empty.The beach is amazing with the soft sand and clear water. One of the best beaches I have been to.Didn't swim much in the pool because why swim in a pool when you have an amazing beach right there.Overall I ahd a wonderful week and would recommend this place.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>giantsox
<Content>presidente rave - corporate event i think not ! ! my partner  i travelled with thomson to this hotel 15-30 sept 2008. we arrived monday, everthing fine. on tuesday 16th construction work began all over the complex. advertising hoardings,flags, banners, stageing platforms- one on the beach  one in the main pool, lighting towers, large inflatables  approx 2 dozen large american double refrigerators dotted here  there.FACT presidente gave 48,000 cans of beer away during the 3 days.FACT local tv estimated 1800 locals present on sat evening.FACT the first thomson informed us of this was a note under the door at 03.05am sat 20/09, the party had already been going for 15 hours ! we were in villa 10 so we had a front row seat for the shindig, the verandah doors were rattling.we chose this hotel because thomson billed it as ideal for that well earned rest  relaxation we got 2 days rr thats it !staff in reception are the worst i've come across.the bucanero restaurant was billed as fresh seafood-it may have been fresh a couple of years ago but frozen since then, we complained about this but got charged anyway.jose in the sports bar was the saving grace as far as staff are concerned, he is a first rate barman.food in the main restaurant was plentiful but tepid.also travellers beware this is a hotel that brings in lots of locals at the weekends-they dont believe in queuing or child control.my heart went out to the honeymooners-thats memories you cant replace.TO SUM UP I CANNOT BELIEVE THE MANAGEMENT  THOMSON THOUGHT THEY COULD GET AWAY WITH THIS  WILL NOT BE USING EITHER EVER AGAIN.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>1	3	4	5	1	1	2	3	

<Author>castle40
<Content>hope this is helpful our family trip was from sept 12 to 19. there were 12 adults and 1 baby. ride from airport was 40 min in a nice air conditioned but. we booked throught apple. which means you have a rep on site. . check in was easy and fast.. the rooms were large and clean, but bathroom could have used some updating. help was wonderful. we were treated great at all events. restaurants pool area bartenders. cleaning staff.could not have asked for better help.. beach was the best one so far and i have been to 6 of these trips , some in punta cana and some in cancun mexico.. these trips are very reasonable and for the price we paid i have only 1 complaint. . they have a jetney that picks you up for your meals or to go to lobby or anywhere on site. they only had one and could have used a second one during the meal hours. they were sometilmes full when they got to you. food was great, could always filnd something that was good, entertainment was just okay. however we really entertained ourselves as we were a family group. they offered cookouts at beach and at pool one nilght which was wonderful. ilf you cant have a good time here then you are just plain pickey or you can afford a more expensive place. .more than satilsfied and would go again..  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>foufou25
<Content>Loved our time here. I stayed at this hotel with my family from 17th -25th August and had a fabulous time.My husband and I plus our 5 children aged 18,16,12,9 and 6months, booked for a week as we were coming for a family wedding taking place the following week at another hotel in Punta Cana. We had a lovely time at the Ocean Blue. Check in: took a little while as they had trouble finding our booking because although we had booked the hotel with Thomson we had flown with Thomas Cook which confused the reception. Thanks to warnings on tripadvisor we managed to dodge the timeshare people who try to persuade you to go to a welcome breakfast.Rooms: we had 2 rooms with connecting doors on the ground floor, which was very helpful for us having a baby with a buggy. The rooms were a good size and the facilities were fine and as we expected. Good sized TV, fridge, plenty of clothes storage space. The bathroom was very spacious and included hair dryer.When we arrived in the afternoon we happened to see the maid and requested more pillows and towels and also extra sheets as our 9 year old needed to sleep on the sofa bed. these were all delivered to the room within a short time. The AC was good not too cold and seemed easy to adjust. The only possible criticism is the rooms were a little dark.Resturants: we used the main buffett for most of our meals as we were very impressed by the choice and quality. Fresh cooked eggs and omlettes, pancakes and crepes kept everyone happy at breakfast.The food was of a high standard during the week we stayed at the resort. We all loved the fresh fruit, fish, salad selection and other daily specials. There were also some tasty local vegetables and lots of different dishes to try. I don't eat meat and found plenty to choose from. Where as my oldest son is a carnivore and was also happy! A note about the desserts, they were amazing! This we only discovered at the end of our week as we all tend to eat fruit for dessert but the cakes, pastries etc were fabulous, A1 for the pastry chef.Mikes coffee shop was great and if there was any time between meals, a good place for a afternoon snack.We also tried the Mexican but found this a bit too hot (the resturant not the food) as the doors tended to be kept open.A note on tipping: We did tip at every meal ($ 3) and also tipped the chef cooking our eggs, omelettes, pasta etc to order ($1) a time, which I was only too glad to do as everyone worked very hard and offered drinks and cleared tables constently. I did not see anyone else leaving tips at the table though. We also tipped the maid daily and the bar staff too. please try to take some dollars and leave the staff 'thank yous'. They work very hard.Pools are large and were never very busy, there was always space to get loungers and shades. The sun was very hot! I spent most of my time under the umbrella with my baby and still came back with a tan! The baby had factor 70 and a sun protection suit and hat on at all times. he loved the warm water both in the pool and the ocean. Our 9 yr old did get burnt though as she spent all day in the water and we were not vigilant enough about reaplying sun cream.The customer service were very helpful and got us diapers delivered within an hour of us asking.We also bough some lovely photos which were taken by the photographers. These are not cheap $10 but who can resist! Oh and have a thought for the gardeners. Drop them a bottle of water now and again, its mighty hot out there. They work so hard making the place look beautiful.In a nut shell we would love to return!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>kjack218
<Content>A vacation is what you make of it! IM NOT A PICKY PERSON NOR AM I A COMPLAINER!We stayed at Ocean Blue From 9-19/9-26. We had went with another couple around the same age of 25. Upon arriving we were told that check in time was 3pm--we were really early getting there around 11 so we had decided to go to the beach. My disappointment on this was I feel that they should have some kind of room to put belongings in! Our luggage sat out in the middle of the lobby and we were forced to carry around Pass Ports, Money and wallets to the beach. We made the best of it and dug out our bathing suits and changed in the lobby bathroom and went to the beach. At around 3pm we had went up to get into our room. We were then told that the rooms were not ready due to the maid becoming sick. They told us it was going to be about 6pm that we would get in. So as we continued to sit in the lobby trying to be patient our apple rep came over to us and said that one room was ready but not the other. She then said she would get the bell boy over to us for our bags--well this never happened...so we decided to take our luggage down ourselves to villa 5 by the pool. (keep in mind that dominican time is about 2 hours to our 15 min)Once we had gotten into our room it was very nice! We had a wonderful view of the pool and we were right next to the beach. The rooms i thought were great--pools were beautiful and the resort itself was gorgoues!!! This was my first all inclusive! The beach was AWSOME--i have to agree with reviews on the people CONSTANTLY bugging you about buying things--if you just shrug your head they would usually go away--but they would soon come back! I thought the workers there were very friendly! Friday nite we had all had about 3 hours of sleep due to travel. We were soon informed that the dominicans were having a party at our resort for their beer presidente all as soon as you know it there were about 800+ dominicans at the resort. They invited us through a letter slipped under the door saying free beer and t-shirts..etc.. This was not the case--we stopped down only to find out that they were not giving anything to anyone UNLESS you were dominican. At 10pm we returned to our rooms! Needless to say the dominicans party was untill 6am and then started back up at about 7:30am. Now, im 25 years old--i like to hang out BUT UNTILL 6AM!!! The music was SOOOO LOUD!!! Well, the next nite they did the same again--only this time (i guess after complaints of the noise) they slipped another note under the door saying we will be partying poolside until 4am-sorry for the inconveinence Here's my thing--we made the best of it. It rained for 2 days straight and we just hung out by the poolbar and met some really nice people! If you complain they will not give you anything! The floors are DANGEROUS when wet...i slipped at least 10 times and went to catch myself once on the railing and busted my eye off of it! They are marble floors so if you see a slippery when wet sign please take it seriously!The food wasn't bad--i can't stand when people complain about the food--PEOPLE you are in another country!!! they are trying to accomodate how many different nationalities! I thought it was great--they had pizza, french fries, pasta's, rice, salad--what more can you ask for?? maid service was great--we left her $10 the first day and $1 every other day--i dont' think that is alot--and they think the world of that + they work hard everyday! WE were ALWAYS stocked + got champagne and fruit dishes! Overall, i thought it was a great vacation and would go back! Visit Vladimir in the pool bar and SONYA AND CLAUDIO in the lobby--they are great!!!!! tip them well!!!! If we were there with 2 solid days of rain and had fun--than you should most definitly have fun in the sun!!!!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>iluvtotravel28
<Content>Kids had a blast and I got to relax The Ocean Blue resort in Punta Cana Dominican Republic is a 4 1/2 star vacation haven for certain. I have been to Punta Cana now 14 times and will keep returning because there are no beaches in comparison as far as I am concerned. I took my 13 year old son and his best-friend from July 3-11,2008 and they had a blast!! The waves were huge which suited them just fine as they called themselves the wave warriors and would spend hours in the ocean. The beach is spectacular and the water is crystal clear and there are many sun huts to be found. The grounds are immaculate and the staff are amazing. Many activities for all to enjoy including bowling, archery, wall climbing, euro bungie jumping, beach volleyball, boce ball, pool tables, ping pong tables just to mention some of them. The food is plentiful and there is a large amount of choices to eat. The coffee shop was a huge hit as they make specialty coffees, and milkshakes, smoothies etc. Make sure you have some of the sweets at the coffee shop because they are delicious. We certainly didn't go hungry. If you are looking for a fun excursion while in Punta Cana I HIGHLY recommend the Jurassic Buggies. Make sure that it is the Jurassic Buggies because there is another company but they are NOT good. My family have made a tradition to go on that excursion whenever we go and it is so worth the money. You get to drive the buggies on the road(very scary) and through mud and dirt so be sure to wear OLD clothing because you get filthy but it is so much fun. You drive the buggies to the most beautiful beach that is uninhibited for 15 minutes and then back on the buggies to swim in a natural cave. The cave is amazing but the water is cold so prepare yourself but really you get to clean off from the buggies. The final part of the excursion is horseback riding for about 20 minutes and believe me that is all your bottom can handle. I guarantee you will not be disappointed in this trip. All and all Ocean Blue is a wonderful fun-filled resort with happy, friendly staff and have decent food. Just remember that a SMILE goes a long way and the people that work there are people too. Hope you have as much fun as I did with my son and his friend. I have booked my family vacation for all 6 of us for December already and I am counting down the days until we go. Happy holidaysiluv2travel28  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ellie182
<Content>a real disappointment...that.we had to go home!!! We stayed from 7thSept for two weeks. Sad to go home for the first time. Can get a bit bored with the same thing but not this year. Had no problem with the food. Good quality and trust me we did not have to take one sickness tablet etc of any kind. Three a la cartes which were nice. Favourite was american. Two pool one was closed for a bit but I think they were repairing the tiles. A well known subject on here!!. Room was nice (villa 8).Did not venture out of hotel did not really need to. Internet is $4 for 15mins $7 for 30mins. All staff were friendly to us and always greeted us. Nothing in hotel was in pesos so always bring dollars. Buffet was good variety and did not have that terrible smell you get with buffet food from outside. Bowling alley you get one free voucher when you check in and any games after are $15 per lane per game. So the more people you play with on your lane it works out cheaper. Obviously bring your socks as they ask you if you have socks. If not they are $2 but just go back to your room for a pair. Did not go on any trips as most of them are in the north and we have done them before. Can't really complain about much not much to say!!.Had two beach parties/bbqs while we were there which were good. Casino all deal with dollars did not pay with much money though. Mikes shop is great for coffee and ice tea. They have a great selection of cakes/cheesecakes etc. Nice and cool. Lots going on at the pool they did not badger you all the time to join in. Large variety of drinks at the bars all smirnoff, baileys, gordons,jack daniels etc. Did not get bitten just a bit sun burnt but was worth it. Any questions feel free to message me II could go on and on. A good hotel with a great beach, pools, good food (smoked salmon, caviar, champagne) ,well maintained.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hornetz
<Content>Benidorm, Carribean - style I spent a fortnight at Ocean Blue between 4th and 18th September, with my wife and 11 others, as friends were having a beach wedding at the resort. I think Trip Advisor is best when travellers help identify the type of resort that they have visited, instead of posting a holiday diary. Others want to know what to expect and if your weather isn't great it isn't the resort's fault.I understand that one person's paradise is another's nightmare, but personally I found the resort pretty unpleasant and it was the worst holiday I can recall having.As an all-inclusive self-contained resort, if the standard of the food and the facilities are not great you risk feeling a bit stir-crazy. The food was average. If you wanted better food you had the option of attending certain restaurants on site and paying for it! Want a tough steak? No problem. Want a nice steak? That will be extra. All bar one of us had upset stomachs. The resort is large, the grounds are fairly attractive and well tendered. Accomodation is mainly contained within 10 blocks on 3 levels, blocks 1 - 9 are standard suites, block 10 the Elite suites. The air conditioning in 4 of the rooms allocated to us totally failed and the occupants were trying to sleep in 33 degree heat for days. Various claims that this had been fixed were clearly false, so 8 people were upgraded to the Elite rooms, where is was nice to see that they had the luxury of an excluder at the bottom of the door to stop the bugs and cockroaches creeping in. Fortunately these rooms were free because it was off-peak. Unfortunately, they variously had further air-conditioning problems, a shower that did not work, etc. My room's key cards repeatedly failed but reception wanted me to tell them why that was! Then the door mechanism failed entirely; I waited almost 2 hours to be allowed into my room, despite various promises that maintenance were on their way. They left at 11.45 p.m. and the following morning the door failed completely again. Another locking unit was summonsed, I wasted more hours at the room and missed breakfast. Whilst working on the door another resident on the same landing reported that they had the same problem. Numerous key cards failed for people. Oh, then our air-con stopped working. Only when that happened did I notice a really damp unpleasant smell that had caused problems in the rooms of others in our group. To be fair the cleaning lady was lovely and really thorough.Many hotels have a handy manual in the room detailing their services. You won't get one.The various reviews already posted show very different views of the staff and they are all correct. There seemed to be 3 standard types of attitude; really nice, helpful and a pleasure to meet; indifferent, choosing to ignore you; lastly, downright ignorant and hostile. The main reception was staffed with the last type and their attitude beggars belief. The beach is OK, fine sand but congested and you can forget privacy. The water's nice enough, but due to currents and motor boats constantly going past it is neither peaceful nor safe to swim very far out at all.The 2 big pools which you can sunbathe around as an alternative seem to be catering for the Club Med / 18 -30's crowd. Previous reviews tend to show that people from the United States have often not been impressed by this hotel (and I agree with them) while a lot of Brits love it. If your idea of fun is listening to pumping house tunes from the early 1990's, day after day, on the same CDs in the same order each day, while drinking contests, etc take place, you may even think that this is better than Benidorm. If you want a peaceful holiday, a romantic break or the like, forget it. We left on the day that the 72 hour Presidente beer party was due to start, right outside the Elite block. Don't get a beach wedding here, for so many reasons. The shortest ever ceremony will be performed in between sun-loungers, in front of speedboats, swimmers and stray dogs. It's great to be back at work! Unfortunately my wife contracted gastric flu there and is still ill. But you may love this place.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>sam0626
<Content>THE WORST, LIES, LIES, LIES customer service, sucked......it is not all-inclusive, when we checked in was told 3 resturants you had to pay $40.00 per person. also when you went bowling, only got 1 free game and then had to pay. also had to pay for socks $2.00. NO CONSIDERATION FOR GUESTS, everytime we had a problem was told to put in suggestion box. The food was terrible, the meat you could not cut with a knife. DON'T GO TO THIS RESORT.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>irishgirl22
<Content>wish i was back there this hotel is absolutely fantastic. the staff are wonderful very friendly and helpful the grounds are absolutely beautiful and kept immaculate by staff every day. your room is cleaned and fridge restocked everyday and you can have fresh towels if you like every day.During the day there is so much to do around the pools from crazy games to water polo to volleyball to water aerobics. the beach is breath taking with turquoise water and powdery white sand that leaves your feet all white. plenty of watersports and excursions to book- banana boats are great and the glass bottom boat excursion with snorkelling is a must. beach vendors a little pushy but i think they would take any price you offer them, just pretend to walk away and their prices soon go down. the drinks are great, cocktails are yummy and have a lot of alcohol in them. food is ok but i am a fussy eater the rest of my group had no problems.if you are going to punta cana stay at this hotel, it is perfect- we were all devastated going home. DO NOT listen to silly reviews from people about missing tiles or not enough ash trays... if you stay here you will have an amazing holiday!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Ruby4578
<Content>A real disappointment We stayed at Ocean Blue/Sand from Monday 8th September. We went to the same hotel last year and because we had such a lovely time we decided to take my parents along this year.The first week was excellent and just like last year. Sadly some of the staff we not there this year, but Jose from the Sports Bar was wonderful as ever, as were Edwin in the Lobby Bar and Julio at the swim up bar in the yellow pool.On the Monday of the second week vans started arriving with Presidente branded refrigerators. We did not know what was going on so we asked Julio. He told us it was for the big party at the weekend. He could not give us any more information so I went to reception to find out and was giving conflicting information by three different members of staff. From Tuesday onwards stages we built in the pool and on the beach and when I went to reception to ask about it I was told that it was for a small gathering of Presidente employees (approx 250 people) and that the music would finish at around 10pm. I spoke to Paola who is the guest Services Manager and asked her how long the hotel had known about this party. She told me that she could not tell me because the information was private and confidential. When I asked her if that was because the management knew that people would not have booked their holiday over that period, she said yes.We saw Sonia on Friday and she told us that the resort had known about the party for three months (she also knew but did not tell us anything about it when she collected us as the airport) she also said that the Presidente party was going to be from Friday to Monday 24 hours a day.On Friday night the Rave Party on the beach started at around 9pm and went on until 5.30am Saturday. The music started again at 7.10am on Saturday morning. We were in Villa 8 having been moved from Villa 9 and the music was so loud the front door and the windows were vibrating.Having had no sleep we went to reception where there was no management in sight.We travelled with Thomas Cook and I called the out of hours number and was told that I would have to call back after 9am. There were around 70 couples in reception all complaining about the noise of the night before and within around 30 minutes the rep from Thomson (Debra) was at the resort trying to sort out her client's problems. Our Thomas Cook rep (Sonia) was nowhere to be seen. I tried calling Thomas cook from 9am to around 10.30am but there was no answer so eventually I called the number in the UK and was connected to Andrea in the Dominican Republic. I explained what had been going on and she said that she would move us to the Iberostar Dominicana which was just up the road. My partner, my parents and I all packed up and moved to the Iberostar. Although we had been moved the hotel was not of the same standard. They put is in a ground floor room, which had cockroaches (I found one in a packet of crisps, which I had opened the previous evening) smelled of damp which affected my fathers chest and our rooms were facing the lobby which had entertainment until around midnight.We had a couple of minor problems last year which we asked Sonia to sort out for us, but she was useless and she was even worse this year. In our opinion she should not be a rep because it seems that the last thing on her mind is the welfare of her guests.We loved the Ocean Blue/Sand Resort last year and had been raving about it, but all in all we are really disappointed by the way we were treated by the management at the hotel and also by Thomas Cook. We will never use either in the future.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Rootbulls
<Content>mediocore The grounds of the hotel were very nice. The hotel is enormous, and there are 2 very large pools with swim up bars. The hotel also had lounge chairs and canopes on the beach.The food was not very good. We did not try any of the specialty restaurants, because they did not seem to be worth the price.The service was also not very good. On our first full day there, we wre outdise our room from 9am-5:30pm with a sign on our door to make up our room. The room was never made up.The thing that disturbed me the most was the aggressive employees constantly trying to sell things. One night they had a sidewalk sale, and every employee you saw was grabbing your hand, trying to pull you to his table. Keep in mind, this was inside the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>NewMom05
<Content>Ocean Blue w/Toddler I feel I should star this out by saying, apparently my expectations of vacation are not to the standards of others. Pretty much, I dont' have to cook, clean, run errands, get to work, etc...so I am very relaxed and I guess easy to please. So admittedly, if the food is edible, doesn't make me sick, and I have a few choices, I am happy...I don't have to grocery shop, cook, clean up after it. The same with the room, as long as it's clean, and the bed is comfortable enough to sleep in, I say two thumbs up. With that said, I cannot believe anyone would give this place a bad review. This is my 4th AI, and my 2nd in PC. This place was by far my favorite. Now I will give you my review.Check In - I traveled with 13 friends and family members ranging in age from 2 - late 60's. We all arrived together obviously with others from the apple bus, check in took about 20 minutes, and even though it was only 12:30PM, all of our rooms were ready. After you are checked in and given your bracelets, etc. you are directed to a desk across the room to learn more about the resort. These people were wearing H10 shirts, so I walked out. One of the H10 people followed us out to the lobby to make sure we had all the information we needed, we said yes, that was our last conversation with anyone from H10, we were not hassled about a special breakfast, there were no calls to our room nothing. One of the people in our group went over to their desk and she was offered a $100 voucher to use as she pleased if she attended a special breakfast. Anyone who thinks they are going to give you a hundred bucks for no reason is naive. Of course they are trying to sell you something. No one from our group went to their breakfast and as far as I know no one was harrassed.Room - We were in room 5112. We had 2 queen size beds and a sofa/cot. The room was very comfortable (the air conditioner worked almost too well, it was FREEZING in our room). We didn't even use the ceiling fan. Our balcony overlooked the property next door, but I don't spend time on the balcony anyway, so it didn't matter. The bathroom was spacious and beautiful and the jetted tub was a really big plus. We had no problems with leaking from above, etc. There was plenty of light, I am in my room reading everynight, as my daughter goes to bed early, I never felt like it was dim in the room at all. We were centrally located between the blue and yellow pools, so we felt it was the perfect location, not too far from the beach, or the restaurants. We also had an apple representative right in our building, so any complaints (I had none) or excursions were taken care of by him. He was extremely friendly and helpful, and I really appreciated the convenience of having him right in our building. It was a big plus in my opinion. Pools - The blue pool was closed for most of our vacation, but it was a very slow week, so it was not a problem at all. The yellow pool was huge, and there were plenty of shaded areas, so we could keep our daughter out of the full sun which was a big plus. The bartenders were AWESOME at this pool. My daughter got in the habit of asking for Strawberry juice at the bar every morning, and they made a fuss over her, even giving her the drink umbrellas, they were just awesome. Staff - I cannot say enough good things about the staff here. We were always greeted with a smile and an Hola...I don't understand how anyone could accuse them of being rude. They spoke English MUCH better then I speak Spanish, and I never felt like there was a big communication barrier at all. They were all just incredibly friendly...wonderful.Restaurants - Something I don't remember reading on here, is that Route 66 and the Mexican restaurant, do not have a dress code. My husband was able to get into both restaurants wearing jean shorts, and since that was the case, we didn't even try any of the other specialty restaurants, it was too hot to ask him to put on long pants, and the food was phenomenal. I had the garlic chicken at Route 66 (my husband had the ribeye) we both really enjoyed our meal. We went to the Mexican twice, the appetizer bar is excellent, as was my burrito the first night, and the chicken tacos the second. It was all wonderful. They had a pool night BBQ and the food was out of this world I especially enjoyed the grilled chicken breast. The buffet has a ton of choices, and everything I tried was wonderful. I have absolutely no complaints about the food. I will say to anyone taking young children, it is different then what they are used to, and in my daughter's case, she barely ate anything in any of the restaurants until midweek. We brought cereal, and instant oatmeal, which are her favorites, so she ate in our room, and I was glad I brought them even though it was a pain to pack especially the milk, but was so worth it.Excursion - We did take one excursion. We booked it through Apple, for Stingray Bay (Carribean Festival). They take you to stingray bay to swim with stingrays and sharks. We loved it, then you go to a reef to snorkel. The entire time we had a guide with us. He had a floaty with him that my daughter was hanging on to, and my husband and I took turns staying with her while the other one snorkeled a few minutes. The guide was awesome in trying to help us find interesting things in the water to look at, and he gave us food, so the fish would come close enough to the surface that our daughter could see them. It really was just perfect. You are only in the water for about 30 minutes at each place, however that was perfect for us, as my daughter was a little leary of the water, and I don't think she would have stayed in much longer then that. They have a huge party with dancing once back on the boat, and that was really fun, especially for my daughter. The entire staff on the boat made a big deal over her. They pulled her on the dancefloor etc...she really enjoyed it. I highly recommend this excursion for a family with small children. The staff really catered to my daughter, they were awesome.Beach - I saved the best for last. This was the most beautiful beach I have ever been on. The sand was powder white, and the water was turquoise, it was breathtaking. The sand near the water, was almost pink (similar to Bermuda beaches). Just beautiful. My whole family enjoyed the beach, especially at sunset. The sun doesn't actually set over the water, however the sky does turn beautiful colors, it was beautiful to just walk along the beach at this time of day.Sorry this review ended up being so long, but I really just have no complaints, and I have no regrets, even though I was very nervous after reading reviews on here. Don't be, this place is great. We plan on going back to Ocean Blue. We loved it!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>GLASSMAN520
<Content>bad experience Ocean BlueSept 14 to Sept 21stReturned from Ocean Blue Sunday, 1st 5 days great, Friday Saturday were terrible. Local beer in DR Presedente had afestival at the resort, no mention was ever made to payingguest about this. The beer company set stages in the pooland the beach all week. The festival started Friday at 11:00 in the morning with very loud music and continued all day until5:00 saturday morning, many calls to front desk to complainbut nobody would do anything about it. Saturday morning at7:00 they started playing again. Large groups of people wentto see management but their was little they would do. It seemedlike the hotel wanted to treat the beer company better then theywanted to treat paying guest. Management finally told usthey had a meeting with the beer people and the would turnthe music down a little for Saturday night and only playuntil 4:00 Sunday morning. Ha that was a lie, music was just as loud as the night before and it did not end to Sunday morninguntil 7:00.IF THIS THE WAY THEY WANT TO TREAT PAYING GUESTI WOULD NERVER RECOMMEND THIS RESORT TO ANYBODY. I WOULD AVOID THEM IF ALL POSSIBLE  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chiznit
<Content>A wonderful vacation! I read quite a few reviews on here after my mother booked our trip, having never been to an all-inclusive resort before or to the Dominican Republic. I was kind of nervous after reading a handful of negative reviews, but now after my week-long vacation, I'm ready to review it myself. We had a wonderful time in every way! First of all, our room (Junior suite) was great- two nice big beds (though the mattress was too firm for my mom, perfect for me) and cleaned well every day. We did leave a 1$ or 2$ tip every day. Our check in was smooth and efficient, though intially we were in a room with only one bed, but they rectified the problem within twenty minutes. Our dealings with the front desk staff were always great- anytime we had a problem, someone came and fixed it quickly. And we didn't have many problems anyway. They were fixing one of the pools while we were there, so only one was open at a time, but we're not pool people so we didn't care. We were at the beach every day, perfect weather, perfect water! The bar at the beach is the best, have Omar make you a Dirty Monkey- we found this drink our first day and it was our ultimate favorite, and anytime someone saw us drinking it they asked for one too! The resort is largely filled with Europeans, and most everyone was friendly and well-behaved (ie no drunken stumbling or obnoxiousness). However, the resort was barely half full when we were there, because of hurricanes (which never came close!) Overall, the staff is friendly, upbeat, always singing and dancing, and very helpful. It does benefit you to at least have some basic Spanish, which I do, but for the most part you can communicate in English with most everyone. I went parasailing, which was awesome and totally worth it, and my mom and I went on a snorkeling trip set up by the people in the hotel, which was NOT worth it (it was an extended party boat situation, with little snorkeling/swimming with sharks- loud, crowded, not that fun.) The bar at the beach and the lobby bar were our favorites for service and atmosphere. The shows, which we caught two of, were certainly more of an amateur level, but the male dancers were particularly good, the costumes fun, and overall the effort was earnest and really, it's worth catching one or two just for something fun to do. As for the food, there's plentiful fresh fruit and fruit juices, and overall I'd say the food was pretty good. We loved the Dominican restaurant, found the Italian restaurant to be forgettable, and enjoyed the buffet most (I like to have options). Overall, we had an excellent time, and for the money it's not to be beat. However, if you're looking for something truly refined and high-end, this is not your place. If you're a picky person who finds fault whereever you can, you'll find it here- I mean, our shower leaked every day, one of the pools was always closed, there's pretty constant music being played all over, we were on the third floor, we walked everywhere, there are topless people on the beach letting it all hang out, many families with smaller children, there are the time-share people, and some of the food was sub-par. But really, we're the types that understand value, and this whole vacation experience was great for the amount of money we paid. I think it's absolutely impossible to get this much for your money anywhere else tropical, and it was only a short flight for us from North Carolina to boot. It was easy for us to just go with the flow- when our shower leaked we put towels on the floor and didn't make a big deal out of it, if I got something at the buffet or a restaurant I didn't like I would simply get something else, we enjoyed walking to burn off the calories from our Dirty Monkeys, I was firm with my refusal to talk about time share- you know, you're on VACATION, people! I would definitely return again, and am planning on it, as it's affordable for my girlfriends and I to take a trip down there together, or return with my mom. We have a lot of great new memories, and couldn't be happier!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kruczer
<Content>It's WAS OK!!       glass bottom boat  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	2	4	3	2	

<Author>pixiedon
<Content>Feeling blue now I'm home Having read lots of reviews about hotels in Punta Cana, we chose Ocean Blue hotel for its extensive amenities 鈥?a la carte restaurants, including Caribbean, Italian, Mexican, American, Tapas and Seafood plus buffet restaurants; several bars including the Lobby Bar, Sports Bar and pool bars as well as bars in the a la carte restaurants; and 2 large pools. I鈥檝e never heard of a resort with its own coffee bar either 鈥?what would that be like? After landing at Punta Cana airport we had a short 30 minute drive to the resort. Some people have complained about transfer time but 30 minutes is the minimum I鈥檇 expect to travel, especially to escape aircraft noise.Upon arrival at Ocean Blue, check in was relatively quick. I鈥檇 read that the staff don鈥檛 speak good English but almost all of the staff at Ocean Blue speak excellent English. When we checked in about 4pm, we were advised our rooms (3rd floor as requested by email) were not ready so we sidestepped the H10 guys and went to get a drink. By time we had finished the drinks our room was ready. As it started to rain when we had checked in and we weren鈥檛 sure where our room was, we used the 鈥渢rain鈥?(a small van with 2 carriages attached) to get to Villa 8. This was the only time we used the train. I鈥檇 read that the resort was too large to walk around 鈥?I don鈥檛 know what tiny resorts those people have stayed in. It was a short and pleasant walk from beach front to hotel entrance (5 minutes maximum) and considering this is the only exercise a lot of people get on holiday, we certainly enjoyed it. Villa 8 was in an ideal location 鈥?close to the blue pool and not too far from the buffet.Entering our room, we were pleasantly surprised. It contained a huge king size bed and a large sofa (which was large enough to use as a single bed if you so wished), a dressing table (with 6 large drawers), 2 bed side tables, a coffee table and a huge cabinet containing the tv and mini fridge. Our mini fridge was restocked with water, Pepsi and 7Up daily. Right next to the front door was a double wardrobe containing 10 hangers, which was plenty for a couple and more than I鈥檝e received in other hotels. Inside the wardrobe you find your safe 鈥?which you create an electronic pin code for, an ironing board, an iron and an umbrella. (If you鈥檙e like us you鈥檒l think 鈥淵eah right, as if we need that鈥?鈥? until a tropical storm passes by!) The d茅cor was typically Caribbean 鈥?not ultra modern but bright and clean. There were 2 table lamps and a floor lamp in the room so it was very well lit. The bathroom too was nice and clean containing a Jacuzzi bath with shower and 2 sinks as well as the toilet, and the nice additions of a small hairdryer and shaving mirror. The hairdryer is not very powerful but it saves bringing a travel dryer. The room was cooled down by air conditioning, which we used during the day, and a ceiling fan, which we used at night. The only complaint we had about our room was a gap in the door frame which allowed bugs free access to our room (luckily we were on the third floor so we only got one or two bugs).After unpacking some clothes, we headed out to take a walk around the resort and get a bite to eat in the buffet. Trying to cater for so many nationalities and tastes cannot be easy but I think Ocean Blue do a really good job. The food is always well cooked and we didn鈥檛 get sick once.At breakfast you can typically choose between fresh fruit juices, fresh fruit, cooked food such as sausage, bacon, hash browns, pancakes, or continental breakfast such as bread rolls, toast, croissants and pain au chocolat. Some days the bread I liked ran out so I got pancakes instead 鈥?so what, you鈥檙e on holiday! We even skipped breakfast a couple of days and got an early lunch or a snack at Mike鈥檚 coffee bar.At lunch you generally got the same kind of options as you鈥檇 get in the evenings, except you can choose between the main buffet or the beach buffet. If you want a sandwich, there鈥檚 plenty of bread / rolls and fresh sliced meats / cheese / salad. I got a lovely ham  cheese sandwich quite a few times. There were also plenty of cooked foods 鈥?at the beach buffet the emphasis was on snacks 鈥?hot dogs, burgers, fries and pizza. At the main buffet there was more emphasis on proper meals 鈥?potatoes, rice, meats and salad. We tried and liked both depending on what mood we were in. In the evenings you can choose between the buffet (which is more casual and there鈥檚 no rush to get there) or the various a la carte restaurants. The food we enjoyed at buffet was the mashed potatoes (my particular obsession), the baked potatoes (when not in the odd sauce), grilled chicken breast, freshly cooked pasta at the pasta station, a stir fry at the oriental station and most definitely the desserts! We鈥檇 heard the desserts were not outstanding 鈥?well that person clearly did not try the mini chocolate cakes covered in white chocolate, the little tiramisu slices or the little chocolate and strawberry pastries. We rarely drank with our evening meals at the buffet, I tried the white wine once (too warm) and we both had a couple of glasses of Presidente. They refill your drinks frequently even if you don鈥檛 tip every day (we tipped in the buffet at the end of our stay and we were still treated as well as everyone else).We only tried 2 of the a la carte restaurants 鈥?the Italian (I Mascherati) and the American (Route 66). We tried Route 66 4 times in total during our 2 week stay and only once was the food not all that great (it wasn鈥檛 awful, but my chicken was a little pink and my fried mozzerrella a little soggy). On our last visit I tried the garlic chicken with mashed potatoes and it was delicious, but I also tried the chicken sandwich twice and the fish fingers. My other half couldn鈥檛 resist trying the steak and it certainly didn鈥檛 disappoint. The cocktails at Route 66 were also good 鈥?it was the only place within the resort with a cocktail list, which we liked. The Italian restaurant was nice enough but we felt it didn鈥檛 really offer us anything we couldn鈥檛 get from the buffet. The buffet offered pasta that was just as nice as the pasta carbonara I ate, and my partner was disappointed that his chicken in 2 sauces didn鈥檛 come with a side order of vegetables / pasta. If you love amaretto then I鈥檇 recommend the white chocolate and amaretto mousse, if not, its just a little bit too overpowering.If you鈥檙e still hungry after all that food, you can get snacks throughout the day. In the morning Mike鈥檚 Coffee House has croissants and doughnuts to tide you over. In the afternoon this is replaced with cakes and biscuits. The chocolate chip cookies are to die for, especially eaten with hot chocolate. We sampled several of the coffees during our stay as well 鈥?Latte, Mocha and Cappuccino 鈥?all good. Mike鈥檚 Coffee House is a blessing on raining days! We found a comfy chair and read in there whilst drinking coffees as tropical storm Hanna swept past the island. Alternatively, you can get snacks in the beach buffets all afternoon. At 11.30pm, snacks are served in the Sports Bar. The food is kept over warmers and it consists of chips, chicken, hot dogs, burgers, salad and bread. We got a snack twice when we stayed up late enough to get hungry again! During rainy days it would have been nice to have the option of room service, even at a small charge. I think all the hotels we have previously stayed in have offered room service.The resort didn鈥檛 lack facilities with its theatre, casino, bowling alley and bars but we didn鈥檛 feel like any of the bars was excellent. Some building work was taking place in the lobby so the lobby bar was very noisy during the day and very smoky at night so we didn鈥檛 drink there after the first night. We spent most of our time in the Sports Bar because it was air conditioned. It would be nice if all of the bars had cocktail lists, although the bar man will make anything you ask for. The measures are very strong so beware and don鈥檛 be afraid to ask for less vodka. It is nice that they stock international branded spirits 鈥?not many hotels include those for all guests. I really enjoyed strawberry daiquiris made with the strawberry slushy but these weren鈥檛 available in the Sports Bar (a minor niggle, instead he made Sex on the Beach or Blue Lagoon)The gym on site looked very popular, although we didn鈥檛 use it. It looked to be quite well equipped 鈥?bikes, treadmill etc. The spa was next door to the gym for people looking to be pampered.We only sunbathed around and swam in the blue (Quiet) pool as we found the yellow one was a bit too noisy to relax. During our first week the swim-up bar was open, but the second week was quieter and they closed it down and a waitress went round at least once an hour asking if people wanted drinks. This was a shame but it didn鈥檛 inconvenience us at all. Yes, there are a few small tiles missing from the pool, and yes, occasionally there are a couple of leaves in there 鈥?the only way to avoid that would mean chopping down the lovely trees and bushes, which I am sure no one wants. The pool was a nice temperature and we tried the little jacuzzi too (same temperature). Apparently the yellow pool was a little warmer than the blue one but we鈥檙e happy to cool down in the pool.The beach at Ocean Blue was lovely and clean most of the time. After the storm some seaweed washed up 鈥?that鈥檚 to be expected. You can bet by the following day it would have been raked up. There were lots of loungers on the beach, many under the canvas palapas. We didn鈥檛 sunbathe on the beach at all 鈥?we were comfortable by the blue pool in case of rain or needing to go back to our room - but we did walk down it a few times, past other hotels. The sand was powdery soft and the spray from the ocean was refreshing.There are a few shops on site. We used the little store to buy snacks (Pringles etc) and painkillers and used one of the gift shops to buy a present for a relative. We also paid for 2 photos with Brenda the Capuchin monkey, which were $10 each from the photoshop. We didn鈥檛 use the internet caf茅 because we felt it was a bit overpriced and we didn鈥檛 really need to check our email on holiday.Overall, Ocean Blue is excellent value for money and if we got a good deal we鈥檇 definitely consider going back.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AMERICANA_7
<Content>Americans Beware- Stay Away They Do Not like Americans. It is as if they do not want you in their resort. They do not want to speak English- AT ALL. While I was there- I got very Sick, and they refused to help me. We tried calling the managers, and they said that they can do anything about it. I tried to talk to the general manger for help and he told me to go back to America- where I came from.My Mother (70 yrs.) fell in their resort, because the floor were wet (no caution signs), and not even one person offered any assistance. We spent a lot of money for nothing. I have been to 4 other hotels in the Dominican Republic, and I would go back to anyone of those resort - BUT NOT Ocean Blue Golf and Beach Resort- NEVER!PLEASE do yourself a favor and stay away !!!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>fifi369
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue I mean there is nothing to say but i would go again and again and again. Food was amazing, people were nice, lots of activites, room was great, my family and I had a lot fo fun.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>trotterpeter64
<Content>alittle bit of heaven in paradise we travelled with thomsons for this our first trip to the carribean, firstly good and bad from thomsons, the bad- well the travel agent advised us to take the dominican paco, thankfully we had read trip adviser and chose to take dollars as well,to all english holiday makers please dont get the dominican paco, everything is priced in dollars, at the airport, in the resort, in the beach shops, paying for trips, out on the trips... its always dollars.. as we only had pacos left when booking for 5 on the monster truck trip... we ended up paying 拢302 for a 拢250 trip because they first convert your paco to dollars and at much reduced exchange rate, so it comes at a price ..also the food is well not upto much standard in flight.. however the flight was a comfortable one.. free headphones supplied on route out and a free blanket .pillow and eye mask on the route back, all of which you get to keep.. also we had originaly booked to go to another hotel on the island but thomson took the curtisy before hand to pre warn us of a re-building programme and after a call and a small increase in charge we ended up in paradise, when i die i hope my little bit of heaven is as nice as this.. everything about ocean blue is first rateTHE ROOMS as a party of 2 adults, 1 pensioner, and 2 teenage children (15  17) we had requested joining rooms which we got, We stayed in Villa 9, right by the blue pool, the rooms were spacious and clean, came with air con, mini fridge (which is re-stocked daily), 2 large beds, and a bath room, with toilet, 2 basins and a whirlpool bath and shower, an hairdryer is also fitted, theres a built in wardrobe by the main door which contains a saftey deposit box which is free to use, an iron, ironing board, and an umbrella (usefull to shade you from the hot mid-day sun), theres tea and coffee making facilites again topped up daily, and a ceiling fan, satalite tv and if that wernt enough, theres your own balcony with chairs and table, towls for showering are provided and changed daily in your room THE POOLS there are 2 very large (junior football pitch in size) swimming pools, 1 yellow  1 blue in colour, each has a swim up bar, your incouraged to wade threw the waist deep water to collect drinks, strange thing is, no one seems to spill there drink, the yellow pool is where most of the activites take place, water polo, water volley ball and once a day at 3 the entertainment team do something around the yellow pool, if your up and about around 8am in the morning you will see the great lengths that are taken to keep these 2 large pools, a smaller infant pool and a large whirpool, spotlessly clean, there is some ware and tare and when you look hard enough you will find there are a few tiles missing here and there but take a pare of goggles and go looking its great fun THE STAFF We found the dominican staff to be friendly, welcoming, a simple hola brings a smile to there faces, not all speak perfect english but i speak only a few words of spanish but a smile seems to build your understanding, as for tipping, well its not our culture, you dont need to tip, but a couple of dollars now and then makes you feel good inside and helps with your service, our maid laid out our beda nightware in several ways, the time she took and how she did it was amazing, the entertaiment team never pesterd us to get involved, we did what we wanted, watched what we wanted to, and were left alone when required, there is a man, happy happy happy, who brings exotic birds, monkeys, and other animals for you to have pictues with each day, go along to the photo shop, take a look, you dont want you walk away, no sales pitch or hard sell, you can have family photos on the pure white sands or in the sea which is 3 yards from the yellow pool, beach towls are provided each day, simply take your used one or wet one to the hut on the beach and change it, this hut is also were you can book your water sports, simple rule if it aint got a motor its free, banana boating 10 dollars each, sailing free but you have to have a one off 40 dollar lesson, wall climbing on the beach is also free as is all the evening shows put on by the entertianment team; theres Grease, Chicago, The Lion King, a Magic show, Cococabana show, The history of the dominican show, all dance and acted to a very high standard, its all mimed, but good, if you dont fancy that try the lighter entertainment in the main lobby round the lobby bar, or the wave disco, or for the younger ones a mini disco, pool bowling alley,a casino if you fancy a flutter,although the theme is very much centred around spanish latino music and there are very few american or english songs to be heard, but this is a spanish speaking country proud of its spanish roots, all in all great value for money, the grounds are spotless, kept clean by a small army of workers, maids and bell boys and then after all that... theresTHE FOOD simply, if you carnt find something to eat, it would amaze me, these are free; an italian, a mexican, and a dominican serving quality food famous from there country which you chose from a menue, house wine is free, other wine you pay for, theres route 66, an american diner serving steaks, burgers and drinks and oh the puddings... theres a restraunt on the beach.. mainly fish based and if your still stuck... try the buffey bar thats were you get you chinese stir frys made right in front of you, and more other choices than you could dream... if your still hungry theres food in the sports bar or mikes coffee bar.. still carnt find anything then there are 2 restraunts, one at the end of the main run of food outlets and 1 on the beach you can pay for.. and thats just your evening meal.. if you try one and dont like it, simply go next door and try there.. lunch is in the main buffey room or on the beach, whilst breakfast is in the main buffey bar again more chice than i could ever list, while we were there they opened up the kitchens and served the buffey inside so you could see were and how the food is pre paired where else would they ever be so opening to its guests, they also did a pool party bbq which was quite stunning all in all throw in your free drinks and belive me they will put alcohol in everything if You want it, yes beware they will ask teenagers with orange bands if they want alcohol, but alittle parental influence is all that is needed... the trips.. the weather.. the views.. the walks along the beach this place is paradise and i wouldnt ever question recomending this hotel to anyone, its abit of heaven in paradise  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bythehex
<Content>It was Ok, but there were some problems... We vacationed at the Ocean Blue from August 21st to the 28th  I'd like to share our impressions of this resort. It will be a long review, but I'll try to explain as much as I can. This was our third time in Punta Cana, first time at this resort, so we're seasoned travelers, know what to expect,  what we like or dislike. I won't bore you with all the travel details, suffice to say that we flew from Newark to Punta Cana with little difficulty,  after the usual check in at the airport  gathering our luggage, we got on the bus to Ocean Blue. It stopped at a few resorts before ours so the bus trip took over an hour; we arrived at the hotel around 2:00 in the afternoon.The only open check in is to your right as you walk into the lobby. The area where the other check in lobby was is currently under construction. We entered the check in lobby  were greeted with blue drinks called Ocean Blue. Although we were officially checked in with a room number, we couldn鈥檛 get our keys until 3pm. So, we put the tags with our room number on our luggage, left them with security  went to the buffet. By the time we finished it was almost 3 so we went back to the lobby, got our room keys,  one of the security personnel loaded us  our luggage onto a cart  drove us to our villa. Apparently all Apple Vacations guests are put in Villa 5, which is located directly in front of the blue pool. We were in room 5215 on the second floor,  it was a very nice, clean room with two queen-sized beds and a sofa bed. When we arrived the safe was broken but we called  someone was there to fix it within 10 minutes. We also had a broken dresser drawer but we didn鈥檛 need the extra drawer; they never did fix that. Within an hour after arriving we were unpacked, in the pool with drinks in our hands, enjoying the beautiful weather.There were many pros to this resort that I鈥檒l explain. The resort is laid out like a long rectangle, with the lobby at the front, then a plaza where the specialty restaurants are, with the buffet behind them. The Ocean Blue villas are on your right  the Ocean Sand villas to your left. The two pools, blue  yellow, are at the far end of the resort right before the beach. The beach buffet restaurant is located at the end of the Ocean Sand villas at the beginning of the beach. At the end of the Ocean Blue villas are the kids club  then on the beach past that is the hut for the diving, various excursions,  the place where you get the towels. Although there is a small tram that goes around the resort, it's easily walkable from one end to the next within a few minutes. Our room was scrupulously cleaned; the maid did a great job even when we tracked sand back into the room. Despite what others have said in the past, the entire staff was friendly  hard working. Most spoke or at least understood English,  we made an effort to try to communicate with what little Spanish we know. Somehow there was no serious language barrier. With a few exceptions, the food was tasty  the drinks were good. Bottled water was plentiful, both in the room fridge  at any bar. There were a lot of activities available. My son took a free scuba lesson in the pool,  he also did archery. There's an activity board by the pools listing all the available activities and times. There were always plenty of umbrellas available at the pools, although some of them were missing the pins that hold the umbrellas open so you had to improvise with a twig or, I saw someone use a Bic pen. The beach was wonderful, as you can imagine, absolutely gorgeous. We never had a problem finding seats under a shade, so it wasn't necessary to go out at 6am and save seats. As others have said, Mike's Coffee Shop was nice. It was cool in there; they had a nice selection of teas as well as the coffee,  an assortment of pastries every day. You do need to ask for the cheesecake, but it was delicious. They have copies of various newspapers to read,  although they're a day behind it was a nice touch. If only people would have left them there, as they ARE meant to be read in the coffee shop. But there's always some moron who thinks it's for them personally  walked away with it. Duh!There's an Internet center near the front lobby that was reasonably priced with excellent computers  fast Internet connection. It costs $4 for 15 minutes, $7 for 30 minutes, $12 for 1 hour, and if you bring a laptop you can pay $60 for a full 7 days of WiFi connection.For those with kids, the teen center, which is located in Strikes bowling alley, has Wii games instead of arcade games. There are 3 pool tables there as well as ping-pong. There was always a beautiful cross breeze in the lobby area, which made it a pleasure to sit there. Just beyond the lobby is an open plaza area. There's a two sided fountain/pond with a walkway  across the walkway are the specialty restaurants. We ate at the Italian  I have to say the food was excellent  the portions large. Now for some of the cons. As I mentioned when we got to our room the safe wasn't working  a dresser drawer was broken. We felt like these things should have been reported  fixed before we got there. In addition, there was a leak from the room upstairs, which came through the light fixture over the bathtub. We complained about it  they kept saying they would send someone to fix it, but it was never fixed. Most of the time we kept that light off in fear that if we were showering  it started dripping from upstairs, we would get electrocuted. Our room was facing the grounds of the resort next door. We had a wonderful view of their construction, including the rows of toilets waiting to be installed. And we were serenaded by the sound of their debris being thrown down the corrugated metal tubing to the dumpster below. We noticed that there was no menu on the remote control so that in order to get all the channels available you have to put in the number of the station (i.e. 02, 03, etc). If you just press the channel up button on the remote, it skips many many channels. Supposedly there is room service available as well, but you wouldn't know it because there is no room service menu. There was not even a pen or a piece of paper to write on, as most hotels have. Although most of the resort was kept nice, the grounds clean and groomed, surprisingly their public bathrooms were in great disrepair. In the ladies room in the lobby there are two stalls that were always locked, one stall where the toilet ran continually,  ironically on the other stalls the locks were broken. The bathroom in the buffet restaurant was the same, there was a leak from the air conditioning vent in the ceiling so there was a bucket collecting water blocking one of the stalls,  the locks were broken on the other stalls. By the time I got to see the bathroom at the beach buffet I knew what to expect, so the broken locks didn鈥檛 shock me. As others have mentioned, there are multitudes of tiles missing from both the pools. We found the pools to be much dirtier than we would have liked - both had areas with black slime in the bottom making it very slippery  kind of disgusting. My son cut his toe open on a grating at the bottom of the blue pool - there was sharp acrylic surrounding the grating as well as loose screw heads. We met a young honeymoon couple a day later  the wife had also cut a toe open in the same area. Management didn鈥檛 seem overly concerned about the problem or the injuries. We ate most of our lunches at the beach buffet so we didn't have to change out of our bathing suits. The food was very, very limited  not the best. The paella was fishy tasting with the rice overcooked  dry. The burgers were made ahead of time  sat in a vat of grease to keep them moist. The pizza was weird - pizza with corn in it? They ran out of many items  were slow to replenish. One day we got changed  went to the main buffet, only to find that they were almost as limited as in the beach buffet. My biggest complaint about the main buffet had nothing to do with the lack of variety, but everything to do with the poor air conditioning there. I prefer it to be warmer rather than too cold, but it was too warm even for me, which detracted from the dining experience overall. I know many have complained about the coffee in the buffet,  I'm here to say they're 100% correct. It's bad enough that they use evaporated milk, which tastes awful, but it's putrid to begin with. Here's a tip - if you have coffee at breakfast, get it black then go into the buffet where they have the cereal. You can get actual cold whole milk (or skim) there. It's better than the evaporated milk, but not by much. My husband's biggest complaint was that the sports bar doesn't open until 6pm. You would think that, especially while the Olympics are going on, they would be open during the day. He wasn't the only guy complaining about it either; we met many with the same complaint. My son's biggest complaint was that there was no bar menu at any of the bars. We've been to other resorts where they had them.We found the timeshare people to be very, very annoying. It's bad enough that the moment you check in they try to glom onto you, but also whenever you walk through the lobby or go to the buffet, there they were trying to ask if you got your free gift. They were almost as bad as the overly aggressive vendors they had set up in the plaza a few nights a week. You couldn't walk past them without someone trying to grab your arm  pull you over,  you had to be careful not to step on or trip over the frayed electrical wiring they had on the pathway to light their stands. It became especially hazardous the night that it had rained earlier,  the frayed wires were sitting in puddles of water. We also ate at Route 66. My son  husband ordered onion soup, an appetizer platter  the ribs. The appetizer they ordered was supposed to have three chicken wings, three onion rings, three mozzarella sticks, marinara dipping sauce  blue cheese dipping sauce. What they got was a plate with 4 tiny onion rings, two wings  one mozzarella stick, with a little pot of blue cheese dressing. They had to ask for the other mozzarella sticks  the marinara sauce. Their ribs were the smallest portions I'd ever seen in my life. I had ordered the chicken wrapper,  after one bite I was unable to choke down the rest of it. It was truly horrible. And, it was HOT in there too. The air conditioning was working but just barely, but that was before the first of the power outages. Luckily the power came back on before long, but we experienced at least three of them at various times during the week.I could nitpick on other things - the tram being too small for the amount of people, the towel hut being situated on the beach so if you just want to go to the pool you still have to get full of sand just to get a towel, how they run out of plates and glasses at the buffet - but you get the general idea. Although it was advertised to us as a five star resort being only three years old, it is our general consensus that either this resort was BOUGHT by Ocean three years ago but already in existence, or, that it's in extremely poor repair for a resort that young. In addition, I wouldn't classify this as a 5 star resort. 4 star, maybe, but not 5 stars by a long shot. We previously stayed at the Iberostar  at the Grand Palladium,  I would easily say that each of them is at a much higher level than the Ocean Blue.So there you have it. We did manage to have a nice time; we enjoyed our vacation very much. The resort was beautiful, the beach picture postcard gorgeous, the water incredible. We'll definitely come back to Punta Cana again in the future, but it's doubtful we would ever again go to the Ocean Blue. In comparison to what we鈥檝e experienced before, we know there are better places to stay. If anyone has any questions, please feel free to email me at bythehex@yahoo.com  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	3	5	4	

<Author>BkNick
<Content>Ocean Blue Golf and Beach resort This is a very nice resort with friendly staff however PUT ALL MONEY AND VALUABLES IN THE SAFE!!!!!!! Unfortunately $260 was stolen from the wallet in my room and the manager at guest services (Paula) lacked customer service skills and was not helpful at all in keeping me up on the investigation or assisting with travel arrangements to the police station to file a formal report. It was not until I demanded to speak with the hotel manager that I was told that they will provide me with transportation to and from the police station ( I was also sent with an interpreter.. Mariella in guest services who was very nice)and the manager also apologized for what occurred. The safe that everyone was questioning why I didnt use... when I finally started using it, a repairman had to be called twice b/c it malfunctioned and we were able to close and the other time was unable to open. I did not allow the money incident/trip to police station to ruin my vacation. This hotel has multiple food options even after hours. The drinks are very weak so if you are lookin for a buzz order your drinks straight up. Also call for the bell boy an hour in advance to get your bags for checkout... took over an hour for someone to come get/deliver to front our luggage. The rooms were clean. Food was good. Grounds were well kept. Pool was clean, beach was nice with plenty of beach chairs and shade.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Allout1
<Content>OK But i do not think i will come back We stayed at ocean blue 9/8 to 9/15My wife and I with 3 teenagers 15 鈥?13 鈥?12-This is our 7th stay at an A/I so we are no strangers to this type of vacation.Our check in was fast and we were greeted with a tasty blue drink called the ocean blue.We were in our room (4000 Building) for 1.5 hours before I finally went back to the bellhop and brought the luggage to the room myself. The room was nice but worn for a resort of this age. (Beware of the high pressure H10 Sales people) they did not bother us however we did see them bother many others.The walls were scuffed and the furniture was again very worn for a resort of this age, my wife opened a dresser drawer and it fell out on to the floor. The view was nice.The grounds were not as well kept as most A/I s we have been to (Iberostar / Rui? Dreams ECT) the grass was worn down in many spots. The location of this resort is truly beautiful. And the beach was gorgeous. Get there early if you want to get a shaded area on the beach. The water was clean and warm. The shopping on the beach is very over priced even after haggling them down. The people are constantly asking you to get them some food from the resort in exchange for a discount, which never happens. I cannot count the times I have seen people walking away from them angry from broken promises.The pools were in fact missing many tiles as many other people reported but this did not effect our stay because the pool was so warm to as go in would not be refreshing at all.All drinks were served in little disposable plastic cups and ice was very hard to come by with out asking for it. As for the staff I found them to be friendly despite other reviews. The food was average at the buffet (just average) the kids did not have to many problems finding something to eat. Mikes coffee house was awesome as reported. We ate at all the restaurants and were just average (could have had a little larger menu). Strikes was nice for the teenagers and they had no problem making friends by the first night. You get one free game of bowling and after that it was $15 a game which I found to be a little cheesy. The casino was fun my wife won $500 on the slots however I would like to gamble with out the staff watching over your shoulder with every pull, it was a little intimidating at times. As for the shows in the 7 nights we were there were 5 shows and only one we cared for and that was the magic show, all other shows showed a major lack of material. How ever the performers worked very hard for what little they had. Most nights we walked out. The English is very weak at this resort and I think they Taylor to Europeans more than anything, which is ok unless you speak English. We went on 2 excursions the shark/ray encounter (don鈥檛 waste your money) and the jungle tour.The 2nd tour was very nice we visited a school / coffee / coco plantation / horse back riding and at the end of the day we went swimming at a beautiful beach. We will probably not return to the DR or this resort. We had a nice time but in comparison to other Ais we do not think this r  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>2traveluvrs
<Content>Just some things to know that I didnt....       You have to watch at least one sunrise  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kerryUnitedKingdom
<Content>Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful! We have just got home after an amazing holiday at the Ocean Blue Resort, and wanted to review the place as soon as possible ... especially to respond to negative comments by others.We'll take you through what was a fabulous experience step by step.First of all, don't dismiss this as a knee-jerk review by rookie travellers who havn't seen the world ... this is our seventh time in the Dominican Republic, and won't be the last, as the experience was positive from the very beginning. This wasn't destined to be the case, we've been around and have been disappointed in the past, but we expect good service, good facilities and good surroundings, and if we don't get them, we let people know.After a 10 hour flight from the UK and a 35 minute transfer, we were in no mood for any nonsense, but check-in was a great start. Fast, efficient, and a (very) well air-conditioned area. A huge, well presented lobby area floored with polished marble is always nice, but a relaxed ambience and pleasant staff made a real difference. Sure, you won't be discussing astro-physics with the reception staff or the bell-boys, but their English was good enough to get by. All they need to be able to discuss is luggage, rooms and keys, which they did very pleasantly, always with a smile. Don't forget how hard these guys work and how little money they get paid for it ... I wouldn't be smiling if I was in their shoes, that's for sure.Our cases were tagged, and brought to our room within 30 minutes. During this time, we were taken to our room by another bell-boy (always smart in their starched white safari uniforms) who showed us the facilities. On his way out, I had to stop him to give him a tip ( I HATE it when they hang around EXPECTING a tip ... they never did this). This may be a personal thing (or maybe an English thing?!) but I tip whan I'm happy with the way I'm treated. I DON'T tip in order to get better service next time, which seems (to me) to be a peculiarly American thing). The room was big, cold, well equipped, and with the biggest spa-bath that we've ever had in a Dominican hotel ... this all suggested that these guys were trying hard to impress. The bathroom was floor-to-ceiling marble and mirror, big enough for two, and with 'his-and-hers' basins. The cold water was cold, the hot water was (very) hot, and everything was cleaned every day(normally by lunch time). What more can you expect? Clean towels every day? Check. An extra bunch of clean towels when we called reception to ask for more? Check. The spa-bath was more than big enough for me (pretty big, see below!), and was powerful. Here's a tip ... take a pack of Milton baby-bottle sterilising tablets with you, fill the tub, and run them through the jets ... then you know that you're not sitting in the last guest's dirt!We got the king-size bed that we requested a few days before arrival, which was big enough to make me feel like a munchkin (not easy for a 6 foot 3, 260 pound bloke). Make that a very COLD munchkin, as the electronically-controlled air-con worked a treat (controllable in half-degree steps from 'far-too-warm' to 'far-too-cold'). We had it set at 'far-too-cold' for the first day (I always like to open up the throttle on air-con to see what we're dealing with). Then I caught a head cold. This was GOOD air-con. Electronic safe (free for the stay) was big and sturdy, cable TV (lots of Spanish channels, but hey, you're in a spanish-speaking country ... deal with it!). Rachel Ray and Regis became firm favourites of ours. You Americans get abc, CNN and the weather channel, so (again) that should keep you happy. If you want to watch cable for two weeks, stay home. The TV did its job (no 50 inch plasma, but hey). So did the fridge, coffee machine, iron, and the hair drier (my wife is fussy, but didn't complain once!). The ceiling fan was set to the 'suck' setting (there's a switch to set it to 'blow'), which made things even colder, and probably helped my head-cold to dig in. Our bedside lamps were troublesome for the first day (both crackling and popping), but a call to reception produced a maintenance guy (who brought along a security guard with him ... he'd no need to bring him along, my wife isn't THAT scary!), and fixed them both. One started to crackle again (a pain, but hey), so the maintenance guy came back and replaced the whole lamp and base. Can't ask for more ... everything breaks eventually, and in large hotels, there'll be a guest in the room when it happens. Our safe also failed (locking in my i-pod, which I can't survive without), so a techy guy in a safari suit came (within 20 minutes) and opened it (with a security guard watching him). It did the same thing again two days later, so the same team came to the room (again, within 20 minutes), and replaced a bunch of the electrical bits in the safe door, and no problems since.An important point is that the floors in the room are fully tiled, and CAN be a little slippery if they're wet or sandy. The maid will get rid of the sand every day, so if you try to keep things dry, then you should be ok. Go to any beach resort and you'll face the same issue.Outside, the view from the balcony was truly first class, and we were on the third floor, which meant a few stairs, but that was no problem. We were half way between the beach and the restaurant, both of which were maybe five minutes walk away. Again, this wan no problem, as the walk was through excellent grounds, which were really well maintained with the obligatory palms, flower-beds and water features. Lovely. There was an army of guys keeping things pretty, and they get to use nothing more than a mower and a machete!If you're REALLY lazy, then you can get round the five minute walk using the tram, which buzzes between the pool and the restaurants all day. If you want a chauffeur driven limo, then may I politely suggest that go to Vegas. If you want a ride on a 'rough and ready' (but very cool!) tram, then the Dominican is for you ... these things are pretty common over there.A nice touch to the grounds was the use of rock-shaped waterproof speakers along the side of the walkways ... these piped local music at you which was great, if a little eerie on the way back to the room after a shot or two of rum!The beach was great ... the usual fine, white coral sand (and the odd cigarrette butt - will you guys either quit smoking or use an ash tray?!), warm water and a cordonned-off area to keep the water-sports boys out of your way. Loads of sunbeds, and loads of shade (you'll need it if you have Anglo-Saxon skin like mine). There were a few dozen Cabbanas to either side of the beach (wood and fabric sun-shades), which were reserved pretty quickly, but worth reserving. A few of these were trashed by Tropical Storm Fay (which hit hard for a day), but made good the next day. The watersports guys (all locals) worked hard, and gave free sessions in catamarans, wind-surfs (pretty good quality kit), kayaks and boogie-boards. There was a large climbing wall and bungee trampolines too, so I was a little worried about it being noisy, but no, it was quiet ... just as I like it. Whether you go to the beack or the pool, you'll get fresh beach towels every day. The two pools (one for activities, one for peace and quiet) were scrubbed every morning, and weren't too heavily chlorinated. I ended up swallowing some of the water on a few occasions and didn't get sick ... bear in mind that I ALWAYS get sick, so that's another big gold star for cleanliness. Only one down-side ... take a tent peg or a thin metal pen with you, as you'll need something like this to make the sunshades around the pool stay up! We ended up using a couple of twigs. No problem. A few reviews have complained about missing tiles in the pools ... this is fair enough, a few patches of mosaics were missing. Firstly, they wouldn't be missing if it wasn't for the mindless idiots we saw PICKING them off (fools). Secondly, the only way to make good would be to drain the pool. I'd rather have a square foot of missing tile than no pool. I've read criticisms of the food on this site. Are you kidding me? I hesitate before using such a blatantly American term, but the food was awesome! As I said before, I always get sick away from home, so I'm pretty fussy. The buffet restarant was huge (we never saw more than a quarter of the tables full), with a great selection. Great pizzas (and lots of variety), burgers (small, but made from ground steak), cheeses, cold meats, fries (for the less adventurous) and all manner of stuff for the more adventurous. Personally, I don't see why people need Champagne or caviar for breakfast, but if you want it, its there. Across the room was a spit-roast pig. Again, not to my taste, but others seemed to love it. Absolutely loads of other stuff to choose from. Bear in mind that not EVERYWHERE can have a Wendy's!Even though the buffet was great, this was almost a reserve to be used when you didn't use the speciality restaurants. The American (burgers, huge steaks, fries), mexican (fajitas, nachos) and Italian tempted us most nights, but we didn't try the dominican. Mike's Coffee shop was cool, with some of the best fresh-ground coffee I've ever tasted ... you just don't get stuff like that in the UK. The atmosphere was great too, quiet, cool and relaxing. Great choice of sweet snacks to go with your drink ... but you have to ask specifically for the cheese cake (which they keep hidden behind the counter!). Try it. Great rooms? Check.Great grounds? Yup.Great beach and pools? Yeah.Great food? You bet.Would we go again? Did you READ what I just wrote? Course we would. In a heartbeat.Try it.You'll love it.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MontanaThompsons
<Content>Had a great time - have a good attitude, people! Here is the truth - your vacation is what you make of it! If you go expecting everything to be perfect all the time, you will surely be disappointed. If you go with a positive attitude and are there to enjoy yourselves and relax, you will NOT be disappointed! We spent 12 nights at this resort during the last week of June and first week of July. There were 6 of us total; 2 in their 60's, 2 in their 30's and 2 pre-teen boys. It was simply the most relaxing vacation I have ever taken! The resort grounds are emaculate, the hotel rooms are better than average, the food was comparable to the Sandal's where we stayed in Jamaica. As always, there are things that are not perfect... Yes, they don't all speak wonderful English, but my Spanish is not the best either. (Keep in mind you are visiting a Spanish-speaking country!) We NEVER felt that we could not communicate because of this language barrier though - they tried their best and we tried ours, and we communicated wonderfully. The buffets are not the best, especially after 12 days. The choice for the evening meal is second to none though for an all-inclusive resort. Buffets are buffets, folks! If you want to order from a menu for every meal, this is not the resort for you. Compared to other all-inclusive resorts though, it was NOT bad at all - just gets old after a while. The evening shows are entertaining, but not wonderful. The magic show was awesome though! I would NOT recommend going to Bavaro (local town) to go shopping for two reasons: the merchants are totally overwhelming, and you can find almost all of the same items just outside of the resort property at the beach.The biggest complaint we had during our two week stay was that it was awfully hard to get drinks at the buffets when you wanted them - with your meal. By time you sat down and began to eat, it took WAY too long for the wait staff to bring water or a drink of any kind. This was only a problem at the buffets, not the restaurants. It could be EASILY solved if they just had a self-serve pop machine or water and coffee stations set up for guests and we gave them this feedback. The highlights of our trip... the massages (Lucia is wonderful), the Mexican and Italian (especially the Italian) restaurants, Mike's Coffee, The Strike game room (for kids, not necessarily for adults), the incredible beach and ocean water, the nice warm pool that our children spent hours in everyday, the Kid's Club (which we only used for a total of 4 hours, but the kids had fun and the staff was great), the incredible grounds.All in all, this was a fabulous resort to visit and I would highly recommend it to anyone who asked. It is a beautiful country, lovely beaches and pools (nice and warm, unlike other resorts that we have visited where you could not even use the swim-up bar!), vendor shops right off the hotel beach - you would never have to leave this hotel if you chose not to. It is wonderful! We would go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>monet
<Content>What a mistake! Stayed at this hotel with some friends from Aug. 10 until Aug 18. My review is based upon 16 previous vacations to Punta Cana and comparisons to other hotels with similar TA rankings.First, let me say that I can see why others have raved about this place. The concept is good with two large pools, a snack bar at the beach, a centrally located buffet, a restaurant row, and an active lobby bar with entertainment. It's the execution of the concept and lack of management presence, in my opinion, that is sorely lacking.We all opted for Elite Club hoping for a higher standard of service. Don't waste your money.The buildings and grounds are sterile and boring compared to other Punta Cana properties. This was, by far, the least attractive hotel that I have booked.Check in was neither fast nor efficient even though we were the only two rooms checking in at the time. However, when we got our room cards, as if by magic, a young man appeared, to inform us that we had a 9:30AM appointment the following morning to confirm our transfers back to the airport. Obviously, it was a deceptive way to get you to go to a time share presentation. We politely declined, but he was very persistant. I know that everyone has a job to do, but couldn't the hotel give guests a moment to settle in before they start the high pressure sales pitch? Very annoying!However, my attitude is to go with the flow, don't let the little things bother you, and enjoy a vacation in paradise. Right? ...If only.It took an hour a half and several phone calls for our bags to arrive. I got a call a few minutes later informing me that there was a problem with our vouchers. I went back to reception only to be told that they were sorry, the vouchers were OK.The second day the safe broke. A repairman came promptly and fixed it. The next day it broke again. After that, we didn't bother. The safe repairmen were very busy people. I saw them with their black briefcases everywhere and often. If only management could be as visable.Our houskeepers were fantastic. They couln't do enough and had a wonderful spirit. We tipped them gladly and often. Thank goodness for houskeeping because.......It was raining one night so we decided to order room service. When I completed the order, I asked for two beers. I was informed that the only way to get beer was to go to a bar and get it yourself. I explained that it was raining and I didn't feel like going to a bar. We were in villa 6, the farthest from any bar. I was told, Sorry, that's hotel policy Huh? I paid for elite club which includes 24 hour room service and I couldn't get a beer brought to my room. The maid was kind enough to give us a few extra beers.My friend went to the beach for towels on Monday and was informed that there would be no towels until Tuesday. Not a big deal, but after a while the little things add up.My friend's room was freezing. My room, in the same building was a sauna. After three days of trying to get it fixed, we were offered another room.The buffet restaurant for us was a glorified cafeteria. The service was hit or miss. The food was mediocre at best, and I felt queasy for a few hours after every meal there. We had one good meal and one bad one at the Italian restaurant and an average dinner at Route 66. The a la carte restaurants are small and usually crowded. It was the opinion of everyone in my party that this design is to encourage guests to eat at the buffet which is cheaper for the hotel. The special dinner, on the beach, which is a perk of the elite club, was forgettable. Fortunately, we had a car and were able to take meals outside of the property.We wanted to play golf at White Sands, but one look at the golf course and it was obvious that it was not well maintained. We played a Cocotal instead.There is no single thing that I can point to that made this hotel so bad, but rather an overwhelming amount of little things that can be easily managed. A note to management: The hospitality business doesn't run on automatic pilot. Get out from behind your desks and do a little supervising....especially in the restaurants.I purposly waited a week to write this review to avoid shooting from the hip. Even after a week, my feeling is that I would not go back even if they paid me. However, one bad experience does not change my love for traveling to Punta Cana. I will be back in November....just not at Ocean Blah.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>bookangel08
<Content>Hot! Hot! Hot! Spent the last week of July/first week of August at Ocean Blue with my 14 year old son and a good friend. This is a family resort and there was lots to do if you wanted to. I had been afraid that it would be rainy at this time of the year and although it rained a few times at night and briefly during the day, it was 99% blue sky and sunshine. It was very hot so all we did was hang out in the pool or the ocean and enjoy it. The seaweed was cleaned off the beach every morning.The room was large enough to sleep 5 people so it was fine for the three of us. There were no issues finding beach chairs or chairs at the pool. There was also good Englsih television reception which was important to the 14 year old boy.The buffet was very good with a lot of variety including a children's station (macaroni and cheese, chicken nuggets, etc), a dietary station, crepe station, pasta station, a stir fry station, and the best array of desserts that I had seen at any of the resorts I have been to and this is my third time in Punta Cana and I have been to a five star and three star in the past.I had the best steak beautifully presented at the beach restaurant one evening on the recommendation of another guest. It was comparable to a meal in an upscale restaurant in a large city. I would not ordinarily order steak in the DR but was glad I did. The waiter was delightful and charming. My friend ordered a curry dish but didn't like it (no kick!) and they exchanged the meal immediately.A plane load of Brits arrived one day so there were lots of English speaking people while we were there. On the weekend more Spanish speaking people arrived and they were very well dressed and very family oriented. There was also people from France and Germany. I thought that this resort was excellent value, comparable to some of the five star hotels. There was brand name alcohol available at the pool and beach bars and the bartenders were happy to accommodate individual tastes.Leaving Punta Cana--a story in itself. We checked the board to discover our flight had been delayed. We had checked out and had been given keys to the courtesy room so we stayed at the beach longer. Our luggage was in storage. Checked the board again and the airport transport was to pick us up at 7:45 p.m. So we had extra time at the beach and enjoyed one more meal at the buffet. While we are on the shuttle bus, the driver gets a phone call and hands the phone to me. It was Transat Holidays rep saying that our flight was delayed til 7:30 a.m. the next morning and they would take us to the Catalonia Resort and then the driver turned off the highway and down a long dark road. No one in the shuttle said a word. We obviously got there, checked in, got wrist bands, got a drink, went to the Internet cafe to e-mail work that we would be late and then some, and went to the beach party. The airport tranposrt left at 4:30 a.m. in the morning and at 8:00 a.m. we left the DR. The orginal plane had had mechanical difficulities and I felt like it was handled all right. Some people had spent quite a bit of time at the airport before before being brought to the hotel and arrived when all the buffet was finished. Some people were running out of meds and diapers and these things were not readily available at 4:30 a.m. So that was a lesson in packing extra essentials and not planning important appointments the day you are supposed be back from vacation. Transat gave us a $75 voucher toward another flight. We were happy to have and extra day in paradise.I would happily recommend this resort for a great vacation.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>sls373
<Content>Great resort for the price! We just returned from a wonderful vacation in Punta Cana from August 15th to August 22nd. We booked our trip through Apple Vacations. The resort was a great deal for the price. Be sure to bring a lot of cash, especially ones for tipping. The stores in the hotel only take cash as well as some of the excursions and things to do such as the banana boat. Also, bring lots of sunscreen and aloe vera gel. We ran out and had to pay $20 at the hotel store just for lotion. When we arrived at the resort, we were disappointed that our Apple representative was not there to assist us. You go to the check-in desk and they will give you stickers to put your room # on your luggage. When you go to check-in, there are people sitting on the right side who are trying to sell timeshares. Just walk by them and ignore them. We did not like that our luggage had to sit in the lobby for about 4 hours and they would not let us take it. We finally were allowed to go to our room at 4:30, which was well over the 3:00 check-in time. I had expected this after reading other reviews, but it was still annoying. During the 4 hours of waiting, we ate lunch at the main buffet, La Tortuga and had drinks at the bar in the lobby. We must have arrived on a busy day (Friday) because other people we talked to did not have the same check-in experience. The restaurants are pretty good. I mean, what do people expect for the price? Our favorite restaurant was the Dominican restaurant. You have to wear pants there and the service is wonderful. I ordered garlic shrimp and it is delicious. At the end of the meal, they bring you a shot called Maja Juana. It is made from some kind of root and vanilla, amaretto, and honey. Though I read some bad reviews for Route 66, I thought it was great. It was my 2nd favorite, next to the Dominican restaurant. Order the ribeye steak! It's huge and delicious! The Mexican restaurant had okay food, but it was extremely hot in there. My husband was sweating. Mike's Coffee is awesome! We went there every night after dinner for dessert and coffee and we brought playing cards. It was so much fun. The cappuccinos are delicious. There are two places to eat for lunch, La Tortuga, the main buffet, and another one, I can't remember the name of it, right next to the beach. Not to be gross, but bring diarrhea medicine. Many people we talked to got traveler's diarrhea, including my husband. You will be glad you brought it. Trust me, we were. Breakfast is the best meal of the day. The crepes are delicious and they have Nutella to put on them. I had them everyday. They also have omelets made to order, pancakes, homemade donuts, etc. Okay, well enough about food. The beach is the best part of this resort. The water is so clear. There is a little seaweed but not that much. We spent all our time at the beach and barely went to the pool. The pool is disgustingly warm. The ocean is much more refreshing. There are a lot of activities to do. They have a dart tournament every day at 10:45 by the beach and the winner gets a bottle of rum. They have water aerobics in the pool every day at 12. It's really fun. They have step aerobics in between the two pools every day at 4:30 followed by dance lessons at 5:00 in the same spot. They had a beach party one night and that was a great time. We had a ball doing the Macarena in the sand. Bring white because they have a white night at the club one night. You will have a great time as long as you don't expect the Ritz! It's a nice place but it definitely is not America. I would recommend bringing your own sheets. We felt itchy in their sheets.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>bruntonmamma
<Content>Great Resort despite problems Have just returned from a fabulous holiday on Friday August 23.Loved the arrival at beautiful Punta Cana Airport and was stunned by the lovely lobby when we arrived at Ocean Blue.Check in was easy, and efficient and our bags didn't take long to arrive at our third floor room which was spacious, clean and lovely and cool.We ate at most places at Ocean Blue our favourtie being the buffet but our teenage boys loved the steaks at Route 66. Mike's Coffee Shop was also a great place. Had a little bit of an upset stomach but propbably more to do with quantity of food and alcohol consumed rather than food issues.The beach is stunning but be aware that swimming is reduced to a small penned off area close to the shore due to the large volume of motorised traffic moving along the shoreline to avoid shallow reefs.Used the Hobie almost every day (had to pay initial insurance of $15 but after that we took it out without a fuss). Boys also windsurfed and kayaked. They also did some Scuba Diving with Wellington from the beach shack which was very good value and they thoroughly enjoyed.Found the bar staff helpful and usually very friendly, liked the lobby bar best where we had our baileys, Beefeater gin, Champagne or Tequilla Sunrise cocktails before dinner.Pools were amazing, and the beach has little cabanas for shade which do tend to get booked out very early.Our only disapointment, which we refused to let it ruin our holiday, was that $400 was taken from our room a week in to the holiday.Unfortunately we were made to feel the criminals and not the victims by the hotel, and the police refused to attend. Hotel Manager Danoli did step in and change our two rooms to the Elite Club rooms in Villa Six so that we wouldn't feel uncomfortable and we of course were much more careful with our things after that.Still left feeling that we had a great holiday.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>ghabc
<Content>great great great - ignore the bad! Just returned from this hotel and it was great. I have stayed in many All Inclusives in the Caribbean including Sandals and Beaches and this hotel is very good.Ok the staff do not speak that much English but it is a Spanish Island! If you go to Paris do you expect then to all speak English? No. go with an open mind and you will love it!The beach is lovely too, not as good as some others but still beautiful.The rooms too are more then fine for what you need. Anyway, how much time do you spend in there anyway? Food was great in all the different places.Overall I loved and would go back.Ignore the fussy ones that moan about small silly problems, you'll love it!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iatlo
<Content>Enjoyed ourselves!       @ the Disco  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Mullie61
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue!       yellow pool  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>greekgirlnj
<Content>pretty grounds but would not go back!!!! Me and my husband just returned from a 5 night stay at the Ocean Blue, 8/11-8/16. The resort itself is pretty and well maintained. The pool water is HOT. The beach was okay but I've been to better beaches. There was a lot of seaweed. The food was not that great, we expected better. The buffet was the best out of all the restaurants since there is such a variety. We paid extra for the lobster dinner one night, was not worth it. Don't waste your money. The staff was not that friendly! We found that they catered to the spanish people that were staying there better. It's a good thing that my husband speaks spanish though because they hardly spoke any english! Ladies, word of advise... don't bring high heels... wear flats the whole time! The grounds are very slippery. I had to hold on to my husband at night when we would walk from our villa to the restaurants/lobby etc. There was a lot of families at this resort. The club was filled with 15 year olds. There was a teen club too, you would think they would stay there... but they didn't. Next time we are going to an adults only resort!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>LimeyNJ
<Content>Great place to stay!!!       the front of the hotel  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>regina17
<Content>Listen To The Bad Reviews!! Stay Away!!! We just returned from what I would say is possibly one of the worst resorts I have ever been to. We were there from Aug 8 - Aug 15.I normally dont write reviews but this particular place I had to just so that no one else makes the same mistake we did. We have been to quite a few all inclusives, so we are very familiar with the kind of service and overall expectations. The goods are that it has a gorgeous lobby, the rooms are mediocre, I would suggest bringing Bug spray. You will find A LOT, I know its the caribbean and it is very normal, but this place is just unbearable. I woke up to use the washroom and found a cockroach about 2inches long in the washroom, i was baffled to say the least. The room maids were sweet, but the rest of the staff at this resort need some serious customer service training. I have never been to an all inclusive with such terrible service. The management is disgusting!! The have no compassion, or no sense of understanding. They had a dont care attitude about everything, so dont expect to get any great service!! OUr flight was delayed leaving and I have a 2yr old, I asked for a room to change him and put him to sleep. I even offered to pay, he simply looked at me and just said, we will look into it, and just walked away. I just stood there again with my jaw open, they made me wait for over 2hours and he walked by me about 5 times and pretended that i was not even there. This was the supervisor and then i escalated it to the manager. Of course he wasnt of much help at all. By the time we went back and forth, and 6hours later my pick up had arrived. Perhaps the above was an isolated incident. But for the most part the biggest problem is that the majority of the staff do not speak a word of english nor understand it one bit. I wanted to scream, i had to use sign language to make them understand what i wanted. There are a few who are very nice and go out of there way. But the majority are clueless. Food is okay, but if i were to compare it to puerto plata or mexico, it is nothing special. The italian restaurant is the best one, and the mexican the worst. Stick to the buffet. The best place is MIKEs cafe. The best spot we spent many hours there. The animation team is laughable. I think we had more fun watching my son run up and down the ramp. The lobby had some really good talent. singing and dancing. You are better off sitting at that bar and enjoying the live entertainment. The beach and pool are amazing!! That was the peak of our vacation. A vacation is what you make it, and despite all of this we tried our best to have a good time. We went in a group of 7, so we kept ourselves entertained at the beach and pool and at the game room, which is fun too.I spoke to others that flew with us, from what i have heard the Riu, bavaro princess and melia are really nice resorts. We are not sure if we ever want to go back, but if i do, I MOST DEFINITELY WILL NOT COME BACK TO THIS NIGHTMARE OF A RESORT.I thought that perhaps the bad reviews were just picky people, but i apologize for thinking that way, because they are 100% right about the comments. If you still go, go with low low or no expectations.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	1	3	

<Author>lamasSavannah_GA
<Content>Vacation was O.K.. but... We have just returned from a stay of 08/09/08 thru 08/14/08 and we are sad to report that we will not be going back . The resort was pretty to look at, but once you got to the room the troubles began. My sister had to change rooms three times due to uncleaniness, plumbing and mold problems. Her shower had leaked throughout the night and created puddles in the room by the next morning. Many of the staff do not speak English and communication with the resort is extremely frustrating... especially when you are having problems with your room or any other services. If you do decide to vacation here, please do yourself a favor and book some the Apple activities (water sports, etc. to have something to remember when you get back home). Also, take many $1's for tipping and a hair dryer in case your's doesn't work in the room. The humidity is the highest I have ever experienced...and being from the southern coast (Savannah, GA.), that is saying alot. One more piece of advice, eat at the buffet or the Italian restaurant only. The Rt.66 eatery and the Mexican restaurant are both without question not worth your time.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>Bethany922
<Content>Nice Place We booked thru apple vacations and stayed in villa 5. The apple staff at this resort are wonderful. So helpful and go the extra mile for you. This is my third trip to the DR and I would rate this hotel as one of the nicer ones. Good location. Close to the venodrs on the beach. Beautiful beach. Workers always taking care of it. Im sorry but people need to get over themselves about the pool tiles. Give me a break! Its hardly a big deal. The food was pretty good I did get an upset stomach after lunch almost every day but my mom never did. It just may have been me. The Dominican resturant has the scariest sounding menu but the best staff, service, and food. Be brave. Its worth it. People need to remember you are in a third world country, you arent home anymore. Things arent going to be the same. The staff tries to understand you but come on they speak Spanish. Just deal with it. We had no trouble at all communicating and neither of us speak a lick of spanish. We did the Bavaro Runners excursion, its the best one Ive done! You really get a feel for what life is like for the Dominican people. $7.00/gallon for gas and make $200 a month doesnt seem like a way to live. It puts things in perspective.The walk ways do get very slippery, bring sneakers when you are walking to breakfast or lunch. They only water the grounds in the morning. You wont have to worry then. This is the same at every resort I have ever been to and this is my 5th. So this is nooo different. Stop into Mikes Coffee its awesome. They have a daily paper there as well if you feel the need to stay in the now. Overall, We had a great time. Do get up early to get a beach cabana usually all gone by 730 the week we went. Bring a pen, immigration forms to fill out. Have fun and for goodness sakes people lighten up!!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	2	3	4	

<Author>plo6581
<Content>You People are Crazy!!       view from the plane home  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Peenutjrj
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue This was my second time at Ocean Blue. The first time, was last year. My finace and I got engaged on the beach in August 2007 and came back the second time to get married. We brought 40 guests down with us and they were all satisfied. The wedding was beautiful and all of our family and friends had a great time. The website does NOT do it justice. This is a fabulous hotel. I will admit, some of the food in SOME of the restaurants is not excellent but it is good to great especially for the prices and especially the buffet!!!! (which is open breakfast, lunch and dinner) The staff is awesome (Especially in the Elite Club). It is good for families of all ages and sizes. This all-inclusive resort is broken down by day and night. By day, all the activities take place near the two giant pools which span the entire length of the guest rooms (There is also ample space at their private beach with many motorized and non-motorized activities) and by night, this area is quiet (for those who want to rest). The night action is then moved to the top of the resort where 7 of 9 of the restaurants are located, as well as the disco, casino, pool hall, bowling alley and broadway sized stage for live perfomances. There is never a dull moment at Ocean Blue and if you get tired, there is a shuttle bus that runs every 10 minutes to drop you off at your building.I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND IT!!!!!!! And if you're on your honeymoon, I recommend the honeymoon suite...it has an outside shower. Very sexy!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ceekay11
<Content>Beautiful and Relaxing! We just returned from our honeymoon to the beautiful Ocean Blue Resort. We stayed there from July 28-Aug. 4, 2008. We stayed in a Junior Suite (the basic room). Since we booked an Apple Vacation through AAA, our room was in Villa 5. We had our own Apple Rep right in our Villa's lobby. That was especially helpful. Carolina was wonderful. She gave us lots of tips and at an informal meeting our first evening there. We also booked the Bavaro Runners excursion through her (Apple can only guarantee your safety and happiness through their excursions). The excurision was FABULOUS and was only $85/pp. It was a full day trip and you truly got to see the Dom Rep is outside of the resorts. You can google the Bavaro Runners to see what is offered. We highly recommend it!The entire trip went incredibily smoothly. Apple Vacations take care of everything from taxes to transfers. We also flew USA3000 airlines that was a direct flight out of Pittsburgh, The flight even left early (going both ways). For us non-international travelers, they also walked you through the immigration processes. The only thing that we had to pay was the $10/pp tax when you get to the Punta Cana airport. It is very clear that this country's first industry is tourism.Check in - easy! They take care of your bags too. We got lunch at the buffet and then our room was ready. We got there four hours before check-in.Room - nicely appointed. (Jacuzzi Tub-Awesome). Lighting is a little dim (they use energy-efficient bulbs - I would too with all those lights in the resort). The balcony size was HUGE. The view was incredible. We stayed in Villa 5 - Room 5301 (third floor). Very quiet and an easy walk. Maids were friendly and did a great job. They didn't clean two days - only because my husband was sleeping and asked them to leave.Pools - Massively large. Yes, a few tiles were missing (we're talking one inch tiles - there had to be hundreds of thousands of tiles - less than one percent were missing. Other reviewers are being overly picky. Ironically, unadjoined hot tub was cold and the pools were hot, but we preferred the beach anyways.Beach - STUNNING!!! - The color of the water, the palm trees, abundant lounge chairs and cabanas were all wonderful. I could have stayed there forever.Staff - very friendly. They did try to speak English. We tried to speak Spanish. I got a little frustrated and felt a little isolated, but my husband enjoyed the whole experience. Please remember that these staff members work 12 hour shifts (11 days on and 3 days off). They make on average $200-300 USD a MONTH. Give them a break... pick up after yourself sometimes, give them a smile, be polite, and occasionally leave a dollar or two. It goes a long way!Food - We ate at the main buffet for breakfast every day. We usually ate around 8:00 and there was never a crowd and you could get all the typical things you'd expect. We loved the made-to-order eggs. Lunch always at the beach buffet. Also, really good. We loved seeing the waiter from the Mexican restaurant working the lunch buffet. One of the reasons, we selected this resort was all the ala carte restaurants that didn't need reservations. We ate at Route 66 (American Dinner) twice, the Italian restaurant, the Mexican restaurant, the main buffet twice, and Mike's Coffee and Tea. We only had to wait at the Italian restaurant and that was only for 25 minutes. We didn't eat at the extra priced restaurants. It wasn't necessary. Overall the food was definitely not American, but it was good (just different than what we were used to).Entertainment - The casino was nice. We didn't gamble, but it was nice to have the option. The shows in the open-air theater were really great. Those same performers work all day at the beach and pool playing games and entertaining the guests. The bowling alley/indoor sports were nice too. It was a good thing to do in the middle of the afternoon when my sunburn didn't allow me to go to the beach. Spa - we didn't use it, but we heard that it was great from the other travelers. Vendors come to the resort and set up tables in the area by the lobby. The come on Monday and Friday evenings. You can haggle with them.Guests - As Americans, we were definitely in the minority. Most guests spoke Spanish or French. Most of the guests were very friendly. Again... a smile is universal! We only had one problem with a Canadian family who totally invaded our personal space at the beach. They took over our cabana (while we were sitting there) and the grandmother was extremely rude! Overall - You need to go with the expectation that you are on vacation. Relax... things are slower in the Domican Republic. The resort and beach a gorgeous. Enjoy yourself... we can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Josie071
<Content>There are better places to stay !! We just returned from our trip to Ocean Blue Resort in Punta Cana . Unfortunately not the greatest service I have ever had ! At first I thought maybe I was expecting too much , but when I think of how much money we spent on this trip, and what we got for it, I feel exceptional service should have been part of the deal !!  First what I liked about Ocean Blue - both the pools and the beach were fantastic. You never had to worry about finding a chair to sit at - plenty of space ! The beach had lean to's which were great protection from the scorching sun. We took a Banana Boat ride 2 times, and the driver of the boat was great and took delight in seeing us having so much fun. My children enjoyed getting drinks and I felt the bartenders were very careful when told to include or not include alcohol. Now for the negatives - I have not seen this mentioned in reviews, but I found the walkways to be extremely dangerous when wet - I saw a few people slip and fall, and then one day I slipped and fell hard. My daughters (ages 15 and 13) were constantly holding onto to me so they would not fall ! Considering the pools, beach and the grounds being watered everyday, it made for dangerous walking. Also I found the staff to be very unfriendly ! No one spoke or attempted tospeak English and more importantly, no one smiled ! A friendly smile speaks many languages !!!! With the exception of 1 bartender, I felt all of the staff made me feel guilty for being there and enjoying myself when they had to work ! Our refrigerator was broke when we checked in and we called several times to have someone come and repair it - we finally gave up on the third day and drank the warm water bottles and soda. Also, there were 5 of us - and for some reason the staff who cleaned our room took 5 towels away the first day and replaced with only 4 towels - when I left a note reminding them there were 5 of us, we did get 5 towels that day, but the next day we were back to 4 towels again. Needless to say, my youngest was getting annoyed having to use a wet towel. Also, one day the coffee tray was not cleaned. When we came back to our room in the afternoon, the coffee pot with left over coffee and both used coffee cups with coffee still in them were sitting on the table. Tthat meant we had no coffee the next morning. Also, our clean sheets always had sand on them, before we even got into bed at night. . ALso for being a resort with water as the main activity, I found it annoying that the rooms had no whereto hang wet items, so we had to hang them outside off of thebalcony railing.I also feel they need to add more staff, especially in the buffett room - several mornings, we came into the room, sat for several minutes, went to the buffett, got our food, sat down and almost finished our breakfast before someone would come over to see if we wanted coffee, etc. Looking around I saw that most times there were only 4 or 5 staff waiting and busing 40 tables. Needless to say, service was very slow. If they do not want to add more staff, then at least set up a coffee station - I have no problem getting my own coffee !! The food was ok - not great ! Basically the same food over and over again every day . Lastly watch out for the H10 staff - everyday day we were stopped and pulled aside by one of these staff members - they promise free services if you agree to take a tour - we were not interested in a timeshare, and it got to the point that by day 5 I was outright rude to the staff member who came up to us that day and tried to stop us from eating so he could give us his timeshare presentation. I felt bad , but I was getting tired of explaining we were not interested, and if you have been to these islands before, you know they do not take no for an answer very easily !My family has been to two other all inclusives - one in Jamaica and one in Punta Cana and the friendliness of the staff and the service was much better at both. Lastly there were very few English speaking tourists at this resort. I was glad I was with my family of 5 so I did not feel so isolated. I feel that the lack of service and warmth from the staff did not take away from our trip - we had a great time despite this - however, I do feel that that having exceptional service can certainly make a great trip even better !! Unfortunately this was not the case at Ocean Blue Resort.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>SkyandElismom
<Content>Gorgeous, great time       The center of our villa. It was so beautiful  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>maryhmLongIsland_NY
<Content>Never Again Ocean Blue How disappointing!! As a seasoned traveler, including Europe and Hawaii, I told my husband that i'd love to go to the Caribbean and off we went. We traveled with 5 other couples and their teenage children. The lobby and check in were lovely...in fact the best air conditioning in the entire resort, including restaurants, is in the check in room. We went to our room which was mediocre ...the jacuzzi tub had sand in it, it smelled like mildew and the view included a large wall and guard booth. We called the front desk to ask if we could get our own luggage after waiting almost an hour for it to arrive. If you tip the staff the experience improves but not to our standard. We tipped the maid daily and received new towels everyday as a bonus unlike some of our friends.The beach is teal and pristine with soft ,smooth sand. Although the pool was spacious it was missing many bottom tiles and it was crowded with people drinking at the pool bar spilling drinks within the water. Somehow the water stayed blue though. We avoided the pool and chose the beach where I even had a massage... which was great!!! In fact the Metamorphosis Spa was nicer than our rooms...I should have stayed there!Now for the food...strange offerings...meat with grissel, goat, etc. Hamburgers? Not like the USA! Although we are usually adventurous in our eating, we became vegetarians for the duration. The pizza at the beach buffet was our staple or mangos which didn't touch water while being cleaned. No one told us until we were being transported that YOU CANT DRINK OR BRUSH YOUR TEETH WITH THE WATER!!! Although I felt we were careful,by the 3rd day my husband was sick with intestinal cramps and unable to eat or drink, on the 5th day I joined him. Many of our friends in the group also became ill. By the last day I didn't eat and only drank the bottled Pepsi with the sealed cap. I would never go back to this resort. The tipping got tedious, they don't accept Visa for purchases, no room charges either, and an ATM that wasn't working would have given pesos only. The conversion rate was supposed to be 29pesos-$1, but my husband was overcharged at the golf course 35-$1 and the gift shop told me it was 34-$1. The golf course was a mess- dried up and they should be ashamed to call it a golf resort. La Cana Golf course is nearby and much nicer.  I took Spanish in high school thank God so at least I could communicate. All of the entertainment was in Spanish including songs at the bar. Punta Cana is a beautiful place but I would chose a different resort! Bottom line pass on this one!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	2	4	

<Author>psu2kids
<Content>Great Food We booked our stay at Ocean Blue through Apple Vacations. I checked all of the normal online sites and booking through Apple saved us a lot of money. A direct flight on USA 3000 made the trip so much easier for our group of 3 senior citizens, 2 adults and two twenty-something members. On our flight home USA 3000 took off 20 minutes early!! The transportation to the hotel was also included in the price and we only stopped at one other hotel before arriving at the Ocean Blue.We had no problem with check-in and everyone at the front desk spoke English perfectly. We did have to wait for a short while for a our rooms but we had a drink while we had our explanation of the hotel grounds (we were never bothered to attend the breakfast after that 1st meeting), had lunch, walked to see the beach and soon thereafter our rooms were ready. My mother and daughter had to share a king-sized bed the 1st night because the hotel was full but got to switch the very next night.Ocean Blue was wonderful. This is our 6th stay at an all-inclusive and the food was definitely the best here. Breakfast included omelettes, crepes, pancakes, smoked salmon, caviar, champagne, freshly squeezed orange, papaya, mango, and pineapple juice. There were luncheon meats and cheeses and yogurts. The buffet lines were a little different each day. The mashed bananas were great. Several members of our group loved the wide selection of meats each day. There were always lots of fresh fruits as well---watermelon, passion fruit, pineapple, oranges. We tried both the beach buffet and the main buffet for lunch. The beach buffet's pizza was outstanding and nice if you didn't want to leave the beach but the main buffet had a larger selection. We tried all of the a la carte restaurants during our stay (except for the additional charge restaraunts) as well as at the buffet once. The atmosphere at the Caribbean Grille was so Caribbean with the breeze from the ocean blowing. Service at all of the restaurants was outstanding. We ate at the Mexican restaurant twice--there was an appetizer bar that had mini-tacos as well as chips, salsa and guacamole. The tequila sunrise and marguaritas were good. We also enjoyed dinners at the Italian and Dominican restaurants--each is tastefully decorated and offer nice sit-down meals. The night we ate at the buffet they had specially personally prepared stir fry. My family loves stir fry and they thought it was some of the best they have ever had. The American restaurant was OK. The ladies in the group liked the house white wine and the guys the Presidente beer.The beach is wide, the water was warm. It was convenient having the beach vendors so close. We were not bothered by stray dogs at any point during our trip. The cloth canopies that provided cover from the sun did fill up quickly but we always managed to find a spot for 7. We bicycled into town one day, played tennis, competed in bocce tournaments. We bowled and my son tried the climbing wall. There were plenty of activities if you wanted to be involved or you could just enjoy the beach. We all talked about going golfing but decided for the price to instead enjoy the beach and then shop for colorful painted pictures done on canvas. The lobby bar did serve the best drinks. The dirty monkey was good as was the chocolate martini. Amazing for the price per person that we paid that even premium drinks were included. My son enjoyed champage or Baileys. the whole trip. One night I honed my skills at blackjack in the lobby bar. There was a dealer with a table set up that would teach you the game for tips. This was a perfect resort for the wide variety of ages groups we had with us. There was something for everyone. Truly a beautiful resort with incredibly friendly staff that went out of their way to please.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RayW28
<Content>Take the good with the bad We stayed at this resort from 7/22 to 7/29. We had a group of 20....12 adults and 8 teenage children. The experience was a good one. There were good points and bad. You can't satisfy 20 people covering everything in a week so I will cover the major points.The resort was beautiful. The layout was very nice. Hotel desk, shops, restaurants, casino, etc at the front end. Most rooms and a pool in the center of the facility. The beach and second pool at the other end. The grounds were beautiful but you will be doing quite a bit of walking and it gets very hot.There were only three shops in the resort where you could use a credit card. Those shops were for high end items......clothing, jewelry, etc. The gift shop where you needed to get basics such as sun tan lotion, hats, aspirin, cigarettes, etc only takes cash. The ATM did not work the first 3 days, and when repaired, only gave pesos not dollars.The service was very good. I have seen a number of reviews whereby people complain of the service. When you travel to an almost 3rd world type area, the one thing that gets the attention of the staff is to tip !! Our group's practise is to tip right away. If we sat at the bar whether at the pool, lobby, or in a restaurant, we ordered something to drink and immediately gave the server a small tip. It did wonders as anyone who rides to these hotels from the airport can see that these people need and want the torist dollar. If you tip them for service, they literally bend over backwards for you. They didn't forget the gesture either. We had a fantastic waiter for dinner one night. the next day he was waiting tables at the beach buffet. Our group came from the beach for lunch and he went out of his way to tell our waiter to take special care of us as he was so grateful for being tipped at the onset of dinner the previous night.I will be candid here about gratuities. We played golf one day and a European gentleman was added to our twosome. We had a caddy whose fee was $20 per person in the group. We knew that prior to starting the round. The caddy worked tirelessly in the heat cleaning our clubs, locating lost balls, whatever. We each gave him the required $20 fee at the end of the round and in addition, tipped him for his efforts. The European gentleman skipped out without tipping nor paying the fee. The locals love Americans........wonder why !! They also have the Europeans figured out and the Euro is stronger than the dollar....draw your own conclusions.The beach was fantastic. Clean...no problem getting a lounger or shade under a lean to if that's what you need. I had no problem getting beach towels just showing the room key. However you need the towel card at checkout or you get charged a fee. The pool was very nice....clean as a whistle but warm as it doesn't cool down at night and the pool retains the day time heat this time of year. The ocean was very refreshing.The food was actually average to very good.....depending on which venue you ate in and what you selected. Collectively our group had one bad meal....the Route 66 restaurant. Avoid it !! The Italian restaurant was very good as was the Mexican. The buffet was what you made it. they had a huge variety of food. If you stayed with the bland food to avoid the Caribbean dishes, then you had a bland meal. If you're expecting the sausage or bacon at breakfast to be what you get at your local diner, then you will be disapointed.There were some problems but that is to be expected with group our size. One family requested connecting rooms and didn't even get adjoining rooms. The hotel staff moved them to adjoining rooms that night. Another family had poor AC in their room...the hotel staff moved them to another room right away. Our room had a thermostat that was preset to 73 degrees. We did however have a ceiling fan right over the bed so it kept the room very comfortable. Without the fan we would have requested a room change. The housemaids spoke no English, but once again, I brought them into the room and indicated the need for an extra pillow and additional towels by pointing to each and asking for mas. I tipped the maid up front and the extras were there every day for us. I completed her tip when we left and she was very grateful.It was a great vacation but there is one reason we will not go back........Montezuma's Revenge !!! I can't speak for the teenagers as we didn't bring our two grown children, but almost all the adults suffered from it in some stage or another. We were not advised before going that you could not drink the water !! None of us did and yet we still got it in varying degrees. We also could not isolate the cause as it did not come from one constant that each person could say they did. Myself and another man in our party both brushes our teeth using the tap water the first night not realizing the problem..........and we were the two who did not get it !!! It probably comes from the food preparation as my wife is not a big drinker and didn't order drinks containing ice.....yet she got it for one entire day. Sadly, I can take a cruise or go to say, The Atlantis in the Bahamas and not worry about getting sick.....so for that one reason, i will not return to the DR  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Love2travellonely
<Content>FANTASTIC Beautiful hotel, very clean, well kept grounds, fantastic food....The beach was amazing, very beautiful. Felt very safe. The staff was very friendly....  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SnuggleBaby117
<Content>Not what we expected We (2 adults, one 17 year old daughter, one 14 year old son) traveled July 18th through July 25th. The resort itself looked beautiful when we pulled in via bus transfer from the airport. Upon check in we were greeted by a waitress that handed us this cute little electric blue drink. It was delicious (called an Ocean Blue). Nice start to the trip. Just a fore-warning, you will receive a bracelet to wear determining your age bracket (the drinking age in Punta Cana is 18). Even though your teenager will have a different color bracelet than you, they still can get served alcohol. Our room wasn't ready yet but no problem, they give you a card for each member of the family to take to the beach to get a beach towel and go ahead and use the pool and beach. Make sure you either wear your suit under your clothes, or pack them in your carry-on luggage, you will want to jump in immediately because it is a hot walk to the beach. The pools are beautiful, and so is the beach. The rooms are pretty nice, not the greatest, but not the worst. The whole resort in laid out like a small town where the resturaunts are in one area, the rooms are in another area, and the casino, bowling alley, etc. are in the front, so I feel that it was a very safe environment to have the kids venture out with friends and meet up with us later.Now, on to the less than expected areas. The food. I cannot say anything good about the food. The buffet had a lot of variety, however, nothing appetizing. We tried so many different things, and always ended up taking a bite or two and that's it. Everything is so bland, and the combinations (like macaroni and cheese with mushrooms) were weird to say the least. Do not go here expecting to find steaks and seafood on the buffet. Breakfast selection was awful. Even if you think you recognize some food, check before eating it, because it's probably not the same thing you are used to unless you are of Dominican or Puerto Rican descent. The only saving part about the buffet was they had french fries, pizza and these dinner rolls that had a little cream cheese in them. Our kids at that all the time. Oh yea, one more thing, before you take a big bite of something that looks like chocolate from the desert section, double check, it just may be prunes, not chocolate. Most of the time, you will probably spend eating at one of the two buffets. The one on the beach is smaller and busier. The buffet on the beach turns into an a la carte resturaunt at night, which offers a menu to choose from. Still not typical food, but at least its not the buffet. The two resturaunts that are not included in your all-inclusive package are pricey to say the least. We were not willing to spend $40 a person to find out that we were eating the same thing that showed up on the buffet the next day so we can't rate it. The drinks are always warm - they will use very few icecubes to cool down a drink, and they won't put any ice in your water glasses. The only soft drinks available are Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, and 7-Up.The last area I swore I would address was the lack of communication between the workers and tourists. Please keep in mind, EVERYONE on the resort speaks Spanish. They certainly do not make an effort to learn American, or attempt to decipher what you are trying to say or ask for. Thankfully our daughter had five years of spanish, so she could ask for things they didn't understand. This barrier got very aggravating, very quickly.All in all, the resort was nice, and the pool and beach were the best part of the vacation. The food, however, was definitely less than expected and when you are on an all inclusive vacation, you plan on eating - a lot - so that makes up for a big part of the total package. So does the language barrier.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	3	1	2	

<Author>OnTheRoadAgain59
<Content>Stay Away We were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary and chose the Ocean Blue resort in Punta Cana, D.R. after reading some of the good reviews and recommendations from friends that had previously stayed at the Ocean Blue. Our travel agent had not heard of this resort and could not say if it was good or bad. She did recommend the RIU but we chose to stay at the Ocean Blue. It was a disaster from day one until the end of our five day stay. We were accompanied by three other couples also celebrating their 25th and 18th wedding anniversaries as well as two colleagues form work celebrating their birthdays. Upon arrival we were greeted well and advised that we were members of the Elite Club due to the accomodations we reserved. But, one couple was informed that they did not have the honeymoon suite for them and advised them that they never reserved this type of suite. Wrong! They had a reservation form which indicated they did. Now the problems began for this couple. They were given a different room which management said was more expensive than the the honeymoon suite. Upon seeing the room we all knew this was impossible. The hotel management would not budge. Our friends were forced to stay in this room and to this day no one knows the real true rate of this room. Our colleagues celebrating their birthdays who had requested a room with two double beds were totally denied and given a king size bed which they did not want. They were shown a different room with a horrible view at which point they chose not to take it and were forced to stay in a room with a king size bed and sleeper which had no bedsheets. It took them three phone calls and the next day was when the sheets were delivered. The last two couples with the honeymoon suites had nothing but trouble with our air conditioners and safes. Everytime we called for assistance and repair we were informed to remain in our rooms for someone to come. The problem was that it would take them hours to arrive and we would have to continue calling and management just did not care. If we would have listened to them our entire week would have been spent in our rooms waiting for all repairs. So we did not stay and chose to enjoy the beach and pools and allow them access into the room when they were available. It seems that if you were considered an Elite Club member but chose not to attend or buy into the Elite Club program which was like a timeshare management did not care to assist you with any problems. The only good thing about our stay was the beach, the pool, the bars, restaurants, waiters, waitresses who were fantastic and some of the very little night life the Ocean Blue had to offer. Finally, on our two last nights, one honeymoon suite's airconditioner broke down and the couple would not get any positive assistance. They were downgraded to another room which was less expensive and not compensated. We will never stay here again, it was a horrible experience for all. We had to make the best of what we had which was not much. This is not a five star hotel. Unfortunately, it is more like a one star. We were informed by other people that they were also having problems and that they had been there in the past when it was very exclusive but it had changed for the worse when new owners took over. Management did tell us that the Ocean Blue was undergoing radical changes and turmoil but they would not elaborate any further. So if you go to Punta Cana stay at another resort.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	3	

<Author>yiernayn
<Content>Can I say WITHDRAWL!!!!!! FABULOUS!!!!!I was a bit anxious about my first visit to the Dominican Republic, but after my experience at the Ocean Blue there's no way that I would vacation elsewhere. ARRIVAL: As we drove up to the hotel I was in awe of the security. The guard does not allow anyone that is not a guest. That made me feel very at ease about our stay. Then we drove up to the Lobby. WOW! The furniture, the presentation, the ambiance all breathtaking! Immediately we all felt welcome and on VACATION! The check-in process was quick and painless and we were off to the bar and to check out our rooms.ROOMS:The rooms were great. The bathroom was a great size. I was impressed by the jacuzzi. As we walked in further we saw a king size bed (just as we requested) and a spacious seating area that was great between activities to entertain other friends staying in the same resort. The balcony view was magnificent. We faced the pool but were so far back that we were blue to see the beach from the balcony as well. The rooms were always clean and the staff was very gracious catering to our American comforts.POOL/BEACH:The beach was beautiful. The turquoise waters were mesmerizing enough to have us consume hours of the day just sitting there watching and listening to the waves. The setup was also very comfortable. There are canopy style areas that fit 4 lounge chairs comfortably. This allowed for sunbathing without the extreme sun blazing above us. The massage on the beach I HIGHLY recommend. The pools are both fabulous. Though both are similar in their setup we were always drawn to the one with the blue chairs surrounding it. It was always very quiet and we were able to sit at the swim up bar when ever our hearts desired. (Quite Often). Don't get me wrong, the yellow pool was great as well but all the activities surrounded it were in the pool. There were choices for all guests. Luis the bartender was by far outstanding. If you run into him tell him the Teachers from Miami say hello. AMENITIES:Though we used few of them we made it a point to visit them all for informational purposes since we are vacationing there until the day we die. We can't wait to travel here children and experience the bungee and the rock climbing with them. It seemed great fun but we never got around to it.The spa was very clean and the staff helpful. The massages on the beach extremely worth it. The photographers around the property were great with all guests. The pictures were great quality as well. No complaints.The internet cafe was very affordable. They even have wi-fi connection for cheap. Next time I will definitely bring my laptop. It will save me from leaving the poolside.The property is a good size so their trolley service was much appreciated at times. Yet we hardly used it because the property and the weather were so great that we chose to walk everywhere. The club leaves a bit to be desired but the entertainment staff does a great job getting everyone to participate and have a good time. But then again, you can't please a bunch of partiers from MIAMI when it comes to night life.For those of you that do not enjoy the club scene, there is a live performer every night around the lobby bar. Dancing, drinking, outdoor fun. Great place to hang out and have a great time with friends or meet new people.There were shows and the casino experience every night. Due to late nights by the pool or at the beach and late dinners we didn't get the chance to visit but all the reviews we heard were great.There is a bowling alley with pool tables and a sports bar on the premises. Ladies, what else can we ask for?STAFF:AMAZING is the only word that comes to mind! From the gentleman doing the landscaping to the management staff we never had a problem. They were always available to grant our every comfort during our stay. The concierge and the guest relations staff were always very friendly and helpful.FOOD:This is the clincher. We searched high and low for reviews on food and booked at the Ocean Blue because of comments like the one I am about to post. Were they ever right. The food was incredible. The restaurants were all very appetizing and there were no hassles for reservations. We simply put our names on a list and were called momentarily after. Route 66, Margaritas, Beach buffet, and Overtime were the ones we had a chance to visit. This was the case because their INDOOR (mosquito free) buffet was always our first choice. For breakfast the daily variety was endless and for you routiners . . . an omelets station was there daily as well a staff member making juice from the fresh fruit right before your eyes. Lunch was also quite delicious. The served hamburgers and deli meats for those light eaters and full on rice and meats for the heavier eating crowd. Then came our favorite, Dinner. The meats, the poultry and the seafood selection were amazing. The nightly pasta and oriental bar for stir-fry were always a must. And I will not discuss the dessert bar because it pains me to be home writing this instead of booking a vacation and returning tomorrow.My friends, this is the place to be. I am glad that we found the Ocean Blue and are planning to book at least 10 rooms next July. Maybe we will get an early itch and return sooner. Enjoy! Lay Back! Relax! and take in the DOMINICAN way of life!!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>beachfever10
<Content>Wish we had just stayed at home!!!! From July 12 - 17, my family of four (ages 46, 44, 20, 16) visited the Ocean Blue Resort in Punta Cana. We have traveled to other Carribean countries, but this was our first (and last) visit to the Domincan Republic. Here are our observations and hints about the resort:* There were VERY FEW American tourists. Most seemed to be European and from other Latin American countries. * DO NOT, DO NOT go over to the side tables in the registration area unless you want to be stalked about timeshares for the remainder of the week. I had heard about the timeshare people, but expected them to be outside ---- not right there in the registration area! In fact, the person who checked us in sent us over and said we would get more info about the resort. When we sat down, BIG JOHN said he would be our concierge for the week. What we did not know is that he would find us every day to find out why we didn't go to the VIP breakfast. * The resort is large and most of the buildings are a serious walk from the restaurants and the ocean. We were in Building 4 which was basically in the middle of the resort. * There is only one tram, so count on walking a LOT in the boiling HOT sun or waiting A LONG TIME for the tram in the boiling HOT sun.* The rooms are large, but do not count on getting adjoining rooms or a king size bed. We booked four months in advance of this trip with this request and still did not have adjoining rooms with our kids and did not have a King bed. I did complain to the Manager to no avail.* The lighting is seriously dim in the rooms. I had to read at night with a flashlight brought from home!!!* Depending upon your room, the AC may or may not work well. Our room was hot and our kids room was cool. * Depending upon your room, you may have ants. We did and the kids didn't. * The drinks are very weak unless you ask for extra gasoline* The food was about what you would expect if you have ever been to an all-inclusive resort.......repetitive and somewhat boring. We were so relieved to get a Wendy's hamburger at the Punta Cana Airport! :-)* The staff has VERY limited English and is not especially courteous. * Sometimes the staff gave lecherous looks to my 20 year old daughter, which was unsettling. * You CANNOT charge to your room, so take cash or a credit card.* The ATM was broken when we arrived. It only gives out DR currency ($100 = $3.50 US)* The Casino is very small. However, we did win $500 on a slot machine, so that was nice. There is a much larger CASINO about a mile away that was much better.The country of Punta Cana is unbelieveably poor and we did not feel safe outside of the resort, and sometimes, not INSIDE the resort.I read many of these reviews when I scheduled the trip and thought people were being petty. Having been there myself, I have to say that it just was not a good experience ---- especially in light of how much money we paid to go. My family will never visit the DR again. God Bless the USA!!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	3	1	3	

<Author>smich0727
<Content>Resort Expierence New Jersey: Vacation experience at Ocean Blue Punta CanaDate: June 25- July 2, 2008We recently visited Punta Cana for the first time. We had read several reviews prior to leaving and read very mixed reviews. There were two couples on this vacation and I can see how there can be mixed reviews. We had some trouble with our accomodations and the other couple had none. We got sick towards the end of our week and the other couple was fine the whole time.Some feedback I hope will be useful. First when you reach the resort and walk into the lobby the check in area to the right is for regular check in. The elite club check in is to the left. No where is this indicated, we went to right and stood in line only to find out we were to go to the left. In previous reviews people talked about the Timeshare people, they have tables set up in the regular check in desk area. In the Elite club check in area they are not set up but while your checking in someone will come in and introduce themselves as someone who will hlep you find out about resort and treat you to VIP breakfast. The people will have H10 on their shirts and the VIP breakfast will be the buffet. The same one that everyone eats at nothing VIP about that, and your breakfast experience can tie you up for several hours. So if you are truly looking to enjoy your vacation avoid H10 people trying to give you something for free, it wont be free it will cost hours of your vacation.Previously people had suggested you bring lightbulbs for lighting issues. We were part of the elite club so I am not sure if this had anything to do with it or not but our room had plenty of light we did not use the lightbulbs we brought. The elite club also provided us with beach towels in our rooms so there is no need to worry about towel shortages if in the elite club buildings.In the description of the elite club it leads you to believe you can dine at the two restaraunts that require addtional cost for other guests, but if fact it only entitles you to one or the other not both.The spa treatments were absolutely delightful and that was part of our services under the elite club. In the rooms they have hair dryers, in previous trip the hairdryers in a hotel are not worth anything. So I brought my own from home and never used it the one provided was great. You do want to go to beach early to reserve a chair if you are looking to be set up under the covered areas so that you are not in the direct sun all day. These areas go fast.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JoefromMaryland
<Content>Suggest a different resort and Country Take it for what it is worth. My family, my extended family, friends, and neighbors stayed at ocean blue from July 9 -16. We decided to try out an all inclusive instead of our routine cruise out of Florida or Baltimore every 3rd year. Our expectations were very high to say the least since being pampered on cruises of the past. On to the review.We payed the extra $$'s to be part of the elite club. We felt the extra money was worth it since some excurtions were included but the premium drinks were non-existent. Basically, one type of beer to choose...Presidente..it wasn't bad the first day. however, try drinking for the next 6 and it gets very old quick. The pool at ocean blue was nice and big.. swim up bar but drinks are servered in little plastic cups..maybe a gulp's worth..take your own insulated mug unless you want to order two at a time and keep both hands tied up for two gulps. The ocean was nice. Could not swim out very far since it was roped off due to the motorized boats. The food to me was not very good..that was the impression from not just me but 18 other adults from the US.. Even my 8 year old daughter who loves to eat lost weight on this trip. We stayed in building 6 which was the elite building. The rooms were not bad. We had heard and 'smelled that they just fumigated the places just prior to us arriving. my sister-in-law had i guess water roaches in her room. my sister actually brought one home in her luggage as a sovenier she noticed doing her laundry. lots of different nationalities at the resort. many of the employees barely understood english. Again, the food was dissapointing.. Seems as if the finer meals were covered in sometype of gravy to hide the real taste of the meat. you have different choices of restaurants. the mexican restaurant was actually the best one (mostly the self serve bar before the meal). they did offer Corona in draft here.. We celebrated three birthday's within the group during our stay july 9 -16. The resort did make a cake for each and sing their version of happy birthday. The cakes were delicious..Quite a treat since the dinners are less than average. Again, we all were use to the food and services of one of the larger cruise ships like Celebrity or Carniaval.. one must lower their expectations if you are going to try and compare. i guess that is why we were so dissapointed. i would recommend family's or couple's spend their hard earned money somewhere else. i know some reviews will say it is the best vacation they ever had but i would have to question where have these people ever been?. my intention is not to bash the resort but help families make a proper judgement when assessing where to vacation. Good luck if you are already booked and I wish you a very happy vaca.. Hope my review helps..~Joe  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>newhouse11
<Content>Best Resort we have stayed at, The Ocean Blue is fantastic. We were in villa 10 room 10215, it had an amazing view of the pool and the ocean. Walk down the stairs and you are right at the pool bar. Which was great. Domingo took great care of my husband all week. They are the nicest people, and very accomodating. Do not listen to the bad reviews, we had no problems at all. Unless laying on the beach, and by the pool for 8 days is a problem. Will be back next year. We have been to Punta Cana 4 times in the last 5 years and this has been the best so far.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mimail
<Content>Had a blast and would recommend to all !!       Grounds  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>chrissy1987
<Content>Loved it - dont believe the bad reviews! Me and my boyfriend stayed here on 30/06 - 14/07 2008. I want to start of by saying don鈥檛 believe the bad reviews you read on this hotel - a holiday is what you make it and these people are clearly stuck up - especially to say the service is horrible?? there is nothing but smiles from the people who work there, nothing but great service - we couldn鈥檛 speak any Spanish except for OLA and we didn鈥檛 get different looks from them, they didn鈥檛 get funny with us like most of the comments say on here that they are funny if you cant speak their language - most of them can speak English. don鈥檛 worry if you cant speak Spanish.Next there was a lot of moaning on here about only getting your drinks till after your mean in the main buffet - not true for us, first week as soon as we sat down water was being poured into our glasses and a drink of our choice. there was only one time it was extremely busy - which we had to wait, understandable however people may see this as being an inconvenience as they simply are not patient!You don鈥檛 get treated differently if you don鈥檛 tip - where do people get all this from? we tipped our maid - and occasionally, only occasionally the waiters. but when we didn鈥檛 tip we was treated the same.Beach is AMAZING but be careful of the annooyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyying people trying to sell you stuff - on evenings when going to the lobby part when there are men in green WALK THE OTHER WAY they stop you and ake you feel so guilty into buying something fro there stall!!!!Room - basic enough nice bathroom, no problem with water, air con etc was in villa 9.Weather - gorgggggggggggggggeous!!the holiday is really what you make of it - we loved this place and had not one problem. Thought I鈥檇 leave a review as I was on this every single day before I was going so I know how fun it is to read a good review ;-)  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>momsuperb
<Content>Ocean Blue - Fabulous! We spent the week before Memorial Day at the Ocean Blue Golf and Beach Resort in Punta Cana. Food was wonderful! An endless amount of options, from the theme restaurants to the buffet. The buffet is changed daily, so while some food is the same, most is rotated. Even my vegetarian daughter could find multiple selections at each meal.The service was wonderful. We were treated like rock stars. They fondly referred to my daughter and her friend (two 19 year olds) as the princesses, and they were treated as such. Our rooms were cleaned thoroughly with lots of bleach! (you could smell the clean) Note; they are a bit stingy with towels, and they don't always make your room up in the morning, however, this wasn't a huge deal. As we walked the property, we were greeted all the time, and the staff remembered our names and little details about us.This was a great place to bring two teenagers. They could choose to be with us, or they could be on their own and stay on the property and be perfectly safe. There are fun activities every night, especially the bar scene, which they were legal for down there. (They are college students - I have no illusions that they don't drink) The other guests were friendly and they quickly made friends with other young people, and met up with them after dinner to hit the disco. There was nightly entertainment in the large lounge, and then a theater with shows. The theater was somewhat cheesy, but still fun. Don't expect NYC caliber, and you'll be ok!!Here's a tip - if you plan on doing extras like para sailing, or Manatee Park (swimming with the dolphins - fantastic!), bring lots of cash. No one down here takes credit cards, and they price everything in American dollars. We were four people, and we did a couple of pricey day events and we were glad we had brought extra cash (we brought $800) in cash and I had about $80 in my wallet when I got home. You are not expected to tip, but we did some bar tipping because we were so impressed with the service, and the same waitress was attentive to us every night.Believe them when they say watch the water you drink. My husband and I got a parasite the last day there, and arrived home very sick and had to go on antibiotics immediately. Of course the girls were fine! Perhaps we let our guard down - it's hard to say. I think we are the exception, not the rule. Don't let that stop you from going there. Great choice for the money!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	2	

<Author>iowagirl25
<Content>Loved Dominican       this is a picture of one of the pool areas  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Gopherlips
<Content>Nice place, but didn't get what we paid for We did a lot of research on the resort and thought we had made the right decision on the stay. We were a group of 10 that stayed 6/24 - 7/1 and had our ups and downs with the resort. We were in Villa 6 and booked under the elite club and prepaid for many things through our travel agent. Don't get me wrong - we had a good time on the trip, but we just didn't get what we paid for. The Good - the beach was very nice and gives you the feeling of South FL - if you swim out a little bit, it is nice and clear. The area is lined with resorts going both North and South, but you are welcome to walk the beaches as far as your legs will carry you. We found that about 1/2 mile to the south of the resort there was an area with much larger waves to jump and body surf. We were never hassled on the beach by the walking cigar vendors, a simple no gracias and they kept walking. The shops will hassle you whenever you walk by and you should expect to pay @ 25% of whatever they start out with. The pool is HUGE and you may need to watch for the little ones if you take them with you. All of the kids in our party can swim, but it is very big and if you are in the middle, you could get tired(sorry, past lifeguard coming out of me).The food was what you would expect at an all inclusive. Some resorts are better than others - this one is about right in the middle. For those that complain about the food - when was the last time you cooked for 1000 people from all over the world? The town square concept was very nice and people seemed to enjoy themselves.The BadService - not so much without tipping. I know a lot of people say tip because they don't make much and work so hard...I paid for an all inclusive. If I had wanted to tip I would have gone to Miami or the Redneck Riviera and done ala carte everywhereThe room was nice and cold, but our friends room was nice and hot. They called 5x a day every day for someone to fix it and they never did. I watched them work on it one time and they took a screw driver and banged on the compressor and said that it was fixed - not once did they take a set of guages to check the freon level. Their room and ours also had shower issues - in eac of our rooms there is a secondary floor drain under the bathroom sink that became very useful - the showers over ran the tubs every time we took a shower and ran in to the secondary drain. Our friends shower didn't have one of the pieces of glass, so it just ran in the floor anyway. They were suprosed to find that one day they came in and there was a hole in the floor where the shower once was, looking down in to the room below them - apparently their shower was draining in to the bathroom below.The shows are mundane. I have been to several resorts that do nightly shows, and these seemed to be all the same. There was a theme to each show, but I could not follow the theme. ie doing a Brazilian Copa Cabana theme and playing American music that did not relate? Even my kids didn't care to go back to the shows. They performers try very hard and obviously work very hard, but they are simply doing what is put in front of them.The UglyBe careful if you book an Elite upgrade. Some of the highlights we were sold and have in writing include: 1 hr of motorized watersports daily(jetski, mini speed boats, banana ride, water skiing), 30 min catamaran daily, climbing wall, bungee jumping, conciege in our building (with beach towels), private check in and check out, ability to reserve a restaurant, 30 min relaxing massage, horseback riding, 24 hr room service, premium alcohol in room, stocked mini fridge, pool and/or ocean viewwhat we received: 15 minutes on our choice of a banana ride or water skiingone 30 minute catamaran rideclimbing wall was broken all weekbungee jumping was $7 per jump per personconcierge was in villa 5 with the main purpose of selling trips/upgradeshad to get beach towels exchanged by 9 am each morning on the beach before they ran outcheck in/check out was to the left in the lobbyreservations at restaurants were taken, but we were served las15 minute massagedid not do horseback ridingalcohol in room was one time thing - if it was restocked, you had to pay for it at whatever price they wanted which included the mini fridgeour room overlooked the service road between Ocean Blue and the next hotelThe Really Really disgustingMy daughter had the following things stolen - a pair of Rocket Dog sandals while swimming in the ocean, a dive mask, and a Teddy bear was taken from the room 2 days before we left for home. I personally put all of the stuffed animal in one spot before leaving the room each day and know it was there when we left. It disappeared and the hotel said that the maid that cleaned our room was no longer with the hotel.When checking out of the hotel, I was being charged $30 for calls that I made from the room. I used my cell phone, not theirs. When I forced them to show me the times and numbers called - it was before our plane ever landed in Punta Cana, so be wary of the phone thing.To summarize the trip - we had a good time, we didn't get what we paid for, no one got sick from the food or water(self induced does not count), the grounds were clean, the entire resort including rooms and lobby are slicker than snot when wet, I wouldn't go back. I will be happy to answer anyones questions or comments.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	3	1	4	

<Author>BigFamilyVacation
<Content>Pleasantly surprised!       Main pool bar  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>worldofflowers
<Content>the best went on boxing day for 2 weeks best time i ever had the food,pool,staff,beach and room i would give a 10 out of 10.we had 2 kids with us age 11 and 10 they didnt want to come home.i would go again.LOVED IT XX  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TraceysFunInTheSun
<Content>Far exceeded all expectations! Where do I begin? This will be long but as someone who carefully read every single review before I went, I want to give as much info as I can - don't read it if it's too long for you...I traveled from June 25-July 2 with my husband, parents, and other family members. There were 8 people in our party. Aside from my husband and I who are in our 30's, everyone was in their late 50's. With the exception of my aunt and uncle who have been to DR 5 times, it was our first trip to the area.BOOKING: We used CheapCarribean.com and they were wonderful! Always helpful and friendly and answered all questions we had prior to going. We got a VERY, VERY good deal on this place - 7 nights including airfare for $900. So our expectations were not all that high - we thought we'd just be going someplace that was decent for the price...were we pleasantly surprised!TRAVEL: Flew on Spirit Air (honestly thought it was fictitious until we got to the airport - like maybe the whole deal was a hoax!) and they were good. We were put off by having to pay for our checked bags and there was a fee if you wanted to choose your seats ahead of time, but lots of other airlines are starting to do that too and we figured it was part of keeping fares down.ARRIVAL: We chose to purchase our connections when we booked the trip so there was a guy waiting for us at the airport from Turniter Tours. They were very good and got us to the resort quickly and safely. We did have to drop off other passengers at a different resort, but we didn't mind. We loved seeing the area.When we got to the resort, check in literally took 30 seconds. They pulled up our names and gave us our key cards. Then a hotel rep (Wilson) sat with us and explained everything about the resort and how it worked - like which restaurants were open when and dress code, etc. This place is all inclusive but there are 2 restaurants that you pay extra for - we did not go to them. He seemed genuinley concerned that we have a good time and thoroughly explained everything, detailing the resort on a map. We were told that there was an important meeting the next day that we had to attend. (Turned out the meeting was to sell us tours, but it was useful because they told us about our return shuttle so we appreciated that and he didn't even try to sell us tours - just told us about the excursions that were available.) Our luggage was in our rooms within 20 minutes of arrival.Rooms: We stayed in villa 8 - perfect location!! I would suggest villa 5 or 8 for the best location. Close to the restaurants and pool, but still not far from the beach. We requestetd rooms together and got ones that were fairly close. The room lookd just like it did in the pictures i saw. They are defintiely no-frills, but the bathroom is nice. My only semi-complaint was that there were fingerprints on the mirrors and glass. Everything else was spotless though. There was definitely a washcloth shortage and some days we were left none. Our bar was restocked every day. Save every bottle of water you get because you need it to bruch your teeth. We had an overabudnance of bottled water. My curling iron plugged in with no problem - no adapter needed. Air conditioning worked well and we were able to adjust it. We only had one problem with the safe but it was fixed fairly quickly. Rooms were cleaned in the late afternoon, but it was fine.FOOD: Everything was very, very good and I'm super picky about food. My aunt and uncle have stayed at all-inclusives in Punta Cana 4 other times and they said this place had the best food by far. We had breakfast in the main buffet. There were fresh, hot donuts every day! Warm croissants with jars of nutella every where! And any other thing you can think of. Omlette station, creppe station, french toast station, juice bar. You must try the melon juice (it's like a freshly squeezed cateloupe) and the watermelon juice. It's like nothing we have inthe US - not sweet and sugary, but just like a glass of fruit. Sooo good! We had lunch at the beach buffet and I have to say that Ocean Sand and Blue makes the best french fried I've ever had in my life and I am a french fry expert - they are my favorite food. I ate rice and beans (different beans every day) and french fries every day for lunch and was happy as could be. They also had paella, hot dogs, hamburgers, pizza, moist oven baked chicken, and lots of other things. We ate at every included restaurant each day and I will detail each:Italian: FABULOUS! There is an anitpasto bar that is as good as any upscale restaurant (and we're Italian and picky). The fish fillet is the best and the white chocolate mousse is better than any mousse I've ever had. Stay away from the lamb, it was tough. Men have to wear pants and shoes to this one, but my husband wore sandals with no problem. Ask the waiters to have a Mama Juana with you and they'll bring the bottle out and do the whole ritual...it's fun.Mexican: FABULOUS! My favorite of all. There's a bar with tacos, beans, salsa and the best guacamole. Order the chicken chimichanga - it's the best I've ever had!American/Route 66: Very good. The fried mozzarella was excellent. I had the fish fingers and they were great. The ribs were excellent as was the ribeye steak.Domenican: Very good. My family was put off by the menu but it was their mistake not to go because it was really great. The fried yuca is amazing. We tried the goat and it was very good - fall of the bone yummy - who knew?Carribean: La Brasa is the same place as the beach buffet but at night they hang up curtains and have a carribean grill menu. My family liked it best because it was on the beach and it's all open air and felt so tropical. The Jamaican Chicken wings are fabulous! I had the beef filet and it was very good.At any of these places, feel free to order more than one entree if you want to try other things - they totally don't think twice about it.Of course, Mike's Coffee was great. They really do keep the cheesecake hidden (I don't get why) so you have to ask and it is very good!There was a wait at times for the Italian and Mexican restaurants, but we needed a table for 8 so that was tough to accommodate. The wait was never more than 20 minutes or so and it's super cute out in front of everything so we didn't mind. After dinner, we sat at the tables in front of the restaurants and they came out and served drinks. We also went to the lobby bar at night.CASINO: $5 blackjack tables every night! We did very well on blackjack and roulette (almost won enough to pay for onr trip!). We didn't play any slots but they looked weak. The casino is tiny, but met our needs. We played with US funds and were paid in US.SERVICE: Super duper five star! Whether tipping or not, we had consistently great service. Please tip them, though - they desserve it and work so hard for long hours. We spent about $100 for the week on tips including the maid.WEATHER: Perfect every day. We were worried because the forecast said rain every day. It did raing almost every day,but literally it meant we were on the beach and it would rain for 1-2 minutes and then clear up immediately. One day it rained a lot just before dinner but it didn't impact our plans at all. There's an umbrella in the closet. I thought it would be very humid there but it wasn't. I didn't sweat at all even though the air was so damp all the time. Perhaps this is how the caribean is, but I was surprised that it wasn't opressively hot and humid. I was thrilled that I didn't feel gross and sticky at all.BEACH: Very nice. Yes, there were dogs on the beach, but hey were the nicest dogs. I warned everyone about what I read comcerning the dogs and was worried at first. There were 2 main dogs and they were very loving. My mom (and many other patrons) fed them every day and they lounged around and napped under our chairs. If you don't want to be near the dogs, don't sit near the beach bufffet closest to the market place. The dogs never went past the bungee jump equipment. It was no problem getting chairs, though the cabanas went fast. They often ran out of towels so we kept our each night and only exchanged them a couple times. The trip includes the kayaks and wind jammers, so be sure to do that. We paid for a banana boat ride and since it was only a single banana, we flipped over and had to haul my 59 year old mother back on - it was scary since she can't swim. Plus it was hard for me to even get up there! I suggest you only ride double banana boats since they can't flip. We would get on the beach at 10 or so and then move over to the pool at 3 or 4. Also, there is a market area right next door where we bought all our souveneirs. There is no need to go shopping off the resort. Definitely bargain with them as you would at any place - they always asked $60 for everything and we ended up paying closer to $20. The crowd was vaired from families to couples to groups of friends. The atmosphere is festive without being obnoxious. There were some little kids but they didn't get in the way at all. It was a perfect vacation and I would recommend this place to anyone. It's not upscale and stuffy and I like that. It was very very nice, super clean and emmaculately groomed. The people are the most accommodating I've ever seen. Go to Ocean Blue and Sand!!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beedie
<Content>Not Good! We requested a Handicapped room for our 6 year old non-ambulatory son while standing in the lobby with him in his wheelchair and was asked why we needed a handicapped room. Our family was split up and was not given adjoining rooms either. Manager in the Lobby was cold and not understaiding. They also, ask you to take a tour and try to get you to buy into it. Not high pressure though. Ending up as a TimeShare speel. Rooms had roaches. Same kind of food everyday. Two restaurants required the men only to wear long pants, which was not communicated to us, not is it mentioned on the brochure. No Elevator's for people in wheelchairs, but also, couldn't give me a handicapped room. Bad Customer service on the check in. We had to pay for every kind of water sport, nothing except the Kayak's were free. We had to pay for the Hobie Cat if you didn't know how to sail. The pool tiles are coming up. The grounds were taken good care of though!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>bearcoolclaret
<Content>A great holiday! My partner and myself stayed at Ocean Blue for 2 weeks in June. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews, but either we were very lucky or we were staying in a different hotel! Check - inWe arrived at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. There were only 6 of us from the coach staying here, so we checked in within 5 minutes. We then got a drink, then caught the buggy to our room where our bags were waiting.RoomWe were really happy with our room, it was very big for the price we paid, had a huge king size bed, inclusive mini bar, a nice private balcony and we had been put on the second floor which is what we had requested. Our bathroom was amazing, we had double sinks and a jacuzzi bath and it was all marble effect. The maids came round every day, sometimes not until 5 o'clock but they always did a good job. We did have a couple of problems with things not working, the safe and hairdryer, these were fixed within 2 days, which wasn't exactly quick, but that's the way they are over there!BeachThe beach was gorgeous, we went there every day except when we went on an excursion. The sand was nearly white, the water was clear most days except when there had been a storm or was windy. We always got to the beach before 10 o'clock to ensure we got some shade. The sun loungers weren't the most comfortable, but were ok. I would strongly advise staying in the shade for the first few days as I went out for 2 hours using factor 30 and got really burnt, you still get a tan even when you're under the shade!PoolsThere are two big pools, one where the entertainment happens. We preferred the blue pool which was a little quieter. There were some tiles missing in the yellow pool but it doesn't really matter. Because the pools are so big we never felt crowded, and they both have swim up bars :)RestaurantsThe buffet restaurant was our favourite, and we went to this most nights as you have a lot of choice. I struggled a bit as a vegetarian, and some of the food wasn't clearly labelled, but I found it to be of good standard. We had slightly upset stomachs for a couple of days but I think this was more due to the change in diet rather than food poisoning. We went to the Mexican and Route 66 which were ok, but not fantastic, we didn't visit the other a la cartes as they didn't have vegetarian options. Mikes coffee was very good, delicious smoothies!GroundsThese were immaculately kept, no complaints whatsoever!BarsThere are about 10 bars here, so you're never far from one! I would have liked them to have drinks menus as it would have been interesting to try different drinks, but we often asked the bartenders for their special cocktail which were good. If you don't want practically neat rum, you have to ask for just a little bit, as they will at least half fill your glass with it otherwise! StaffGenerally they were very friendly, the bartenders were the best! A lot of staff only spoke basic english, but we got by fine. There were a couple that were quite rude, but you get that most places.OverallThis was a wonderful vacation, we would love to go back again. We probably wouldn't go back to Ocean Blue, but only because we like to always try different hotels when we go on holiday. I would certainly recommend it, the only reason I haven't given it 5 stars is because of the few problems we had with our rooms, and the lack of vegetarian food.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ItalianGirl19
<Content>Absolute Worst Vacation I just returned from a so-called vacation with my sisters  friends  stayed at Ocean Blue Golf  Beach Resort in Punta Cana. It was the absolute worst vacation ever. The afternoon I arrived, I was checking in the hotel at 3pm  I fell on the wet marble floor in the lobby, breaking my arm  bruising my back. Not 1 employee at the front desk assisted in getting me help. Two guests, out of about 30 in the lobby, picked me up off the floor  got me to the medical clinic at the hotel. I was transported to the hospital in Punta Cana  returned to the hotel with a cast on my right arm for the rest of my vacation. Not once was I asked by the staff if I was ok or offered any kind of assistance. I immediatley filled out a complaint form  incident report...that was a trip in itself. I had numerous arguments with the regional manager, Benedicto, of this H10 hotel. He offered no sympathy nor apolgies for this accident. All I asked was that my stay was reimbursed. He wanted nothing to do with the fact that my fall happened at his hotel. In fact, he was very errogant  told me that my complaint will not bring down 43 of his hotels.During our visit, the majority of my group was ill, along with many others staying at the resort. We were told there was an epidemic at the hotel  they were looking into it. My friend was also hospitalized for having a bacterial infection. Other friends had stomach issues  flu like symptoms. We did not drink the water. The place was just filthy dirty.The food was horrible as were the attitudes of the staff. They acted as if they were being bothered when a guest needed something  that a request was an interruption of their work. After 3 tries  14 hours later, we finally received toilet paper in our room! It took mutliple tries  many hours to get anything we requested. We were hung up on numerous times when calling guest services.This trip was a disaster  I would never recommend this dirty hotel to anyone. During our stay, we met other guests who were having issues (leaking ceilings, bugs in their rooms, dirty sheets, poor customer service, etc)  guests who were there because their 1st experience at the hotel was a disaster, they were reimbursed with a free future stay. I've been to the Caribbean before  I will not go back. I will be planning future beach vacations to Mexico, where I was treated with respect.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>spowav
<Content>Excellent Vacation spot       Beautiful beach and friendly staff  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>qzans
<Content>Enjoy Your Vacation! My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Blue for five nights from the 18th to the 23rd of June. We have stayed in other resorts (Mexico, Jamaica, etc.) so I feel like I have a good perspective on the situation. The property is beyond gorgeous! The beach looks like something off a postcard. My photos of the scenery look like they have been photoshopped, but I swear they have not been! The sand is powdery soft and the water is crystal blue. Having never been to the Domincan Republic before, we were not sure what to expect, but we were very happy with our vacation!The pros: As I mentioned above, the beach is unparalleled in its beauty. If you are looking for paradise, it is in Punta Cana! There are plenty of lounge chairs in the sun and under canopies, so you can sun yourself in the morning and then nap in the shade all afternoon-- I know from experience! Unlike other resorts, there is no competition for chairs and we were always able to find plenty of chairs in the shade. Mike's Coffee blows Starbucks out of the water! Yes, it doesn't open until 10am, but it stays open until midnight, so you have plenty of time to get your caffeine fix. My husband doesn't even like coffee and he loved the frappucinos there. We were on a 6 cup a day habit, and found ourselves making excuses to walk by Mike's at various times during the day. Most of our tipping money was spent here. The rest of the resort is beautiful too. The grounds are meticulously maintained and we often admired the landscaping and colorful buildings as we made our way around the resort.For the haters:You are on vacation-- lighten up! Yes, they won't let you check in until 3pm. Instead of stewing over not being able to check in, walk around the resort and check everything out. We arrived at 1pm and had upgraded to the Elite Club, but even they would not let us into our room until 3pm. We walked to the beach to see how it looked (wow!) and then we had lunch at the buffet. By the time we had relaxed and eaten, our room was ready and our luggage was not far behind. You are not in the US anymore. Not everything is rush, rush, rush. They will take care of your needs at Ocean Blue, but they do it at their own pace. The maids sometimes come at 10am, but sometimes not until 2pm. Either way, your room will be cleaned. No, it is not scrubbed spotless, but you will have fresh sheets and towels and maybe even the occasional towel animal folded on your bed. The rooms are nice, but not amazing. They have a nice marble finish in the bathrooms, but there is a lot of leaking water from the shower (not a problem as long as there are no clothes on the floor). The bed was comfy and, at times, the A/C was TOO cold! The lighting was ok, but may be a bit dim for some people. It really did not bother us.The bartenders don't seem super psyched to be working all the time, but they will get you your drinks. From what we saw, many of the employees worked 12 hour shifts (probably for much less than US minimum wage), and have to deal with tourists all day long. Most of the waiters were nice, but not overly friendly, but that was ok with us. We don't expect every worker to be our new BFF.The food at the restaurants was good. Better than me cooking and doing the dishes! Our favorites were the fresh-squeezed mango and papaya juices at the buffet. The variety of food is almost overwhelming at first, but the choices kept the meals interesting. The restaurants were nice, too. The romantic lobster dinner on the beach was great, even if it was interrupted by a huge thunderstorm. The waiter did his best to get us under cover quickly and keep our food from getting washed away. It was a memorable evening!Please remember, you are going to a foreign country. Their culture and customs may not be what you are used to. Go with the flow. Try to speak a few words in Spanish. There are so many tourists who speak so many different languages; it would be impossible for the Dominicans to learn them all. When you travel to a foreign country, be flexible and adaptable. Appreciate the fact that you are on vacation on one of the world's most beautiful beaches. Relax and have wonderful time!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>lawyermelissa
<Content>family had a blast! My family of five 2 adults and a 11, 10, and 9 year old just returned from Ocean Blue. Like everyone else I was concerned after reading some reviews, but I have come to the conclusion some people just like to complain. You are on vacation and you need to relax and have a blast. There was plenty for kids to do. They met alot of new friends. At night after dinner we would go bowling. Food was very good. The kids really liked the beach buffet for lunch. Drinks were plentiful for the adults. Victor the bartender at the pool bar was the greatest. Tell him you read about him on the internet. The staff truly appreciated the tips and always made sure we were taken care of. The rooms were very clean and fit our family of five. We never saw anyone complain the week we were there. We went on one excursion to the zip lines -what fun. We jet skied in front of the hotel-awesome. Relax and Enjoy  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>roxysmith79
<Content>Nice Resort - Good Variety We arrived at the hotel slightly nervous following some of the reviews posted recently. Apologies for the length of the review but thought I would cover the bits which seem important to most people!!Timeshare: We travelled with Thomas Cook from London and the rep came with us to the check in. She also spirited most of us away from the H10 reps to the right of check in and advised us that these were timeshare and be aware of this if approached. We were the only 2 that got caught but the guy did not mention timeshare or the VIP breakfast and simply talked to us about the hotel so it would appear that English groups are not a target at check in. The rep did tell us at the welcome meeting that she is not allowed to walk around the hotel and has to stay in the reception area because of the sales teams trying to sell to visitors.Room: We were originally in building 8 but upgraded on arrival to the Elite Club. There was nothing wrong with the room given and to be honest, little difference other than the view from the room we ended up in down in Villa 10 other than the sea view. We would recommend you wait until you arrive to upgrade which cost $60us per person per night but you do run the risk of there not being a room available! Excursions included in the upgrade was horse back riding which we would only recommend for experienced riders - no instructions given, no helmets and very little safety but I am sure enjoyable for some. One hour of motorised watersports and half an hour with a captain on a small hobie cat. 30 minute massage for each person staying in the room and use of the elite club which had internet access and self service premium drinks.Restuarants: We had no problems with the buffet choice or quality. We tend to eat early in the morning and early for dinner and did find that the few times we went to the buffet later for either breakfast or dinner, we had problems getting a clear table and the service was quite poor as the staff were run off their feet. We did not find this a major hassle but I can see how some may get frustrated. This was similar with the A La Cartes. These were great at 6.30-7pm but after 8 there was a wait of up to an hour and the service standards dropped - again due to lack of staff. Italian and El Bodegan (extra charge tapas) required formal dress, all others were sport Alcohol: Premium spirits and beer is here if you ask. They have it on the shelf and even before we upgraded we asked for a absolut vodka and orange and got it as opposed to just asking for a vodka and getting the cheaper version. Bud was available in the sports bar if you asked and is served by the bottle - not sure about other bars but worth an ask..Service: Maid service in the room varied - some days great - other days they did not come. Elite rooms get daily fruit and turn down service which we probably got 6 times in a 14 night stay - this was reported to reception but nothing changed. Again, not a big problem but when they advertise a service with an upgrade, you do expect to receive it. Service from Elite reception was fantastic, friendly and no language barrier at all. We did not find our very limited Spanish to be a problem and did not have communication issues.Tipping: We tipped for good service and didn't when we received bad service. We did hear people saying they tipped 2 dollars per drink but they did not seem to get better service than us.Pools: Yes there are tile patches missing - quite a few in the yellow pool and they are both quite noisy with the blue pool being marginally quieter. We found the easiest way was to sit on the beach and then walk to the pool if we wanted to swim. There is shade but found that whilst the seats were quite empty by pool and sea until about 11am, they then filled up and people did reserve all day and were seldom seen. The umbrella's by the pool are held up with a big pin which can be removed. We also witnessed people removing the pin at the end of the day and taking it away with them so they had one for the next day as not all umbrella's had them - this is not a hotel issue but not particularly considerate of other guests!Grounds: Gardens were kept spotless with grounds staff tidying all day, every day. There does seem to be an issue with rubbish and cups/bottles being dropped in the pool and around the edges which are not cleaned up during the course of the day (or did not seem to be when we were there). There are rubbish bins around but they seemed to be seldom used by some guests.Weather: Forecast every day was rain/storms. It only rained once all day and then we had a storm on the last night. There was the odd 5 minute shower first thing in the morning but nothing to worry about!! It was baking hot and my freckles are testiment to this!In summary I would say this is a great hotel for a beach holiday where you can get involved in activities or chill by the pool/beach. It is not a quiet hotel and is bustling at most times but if you are looking for variety in all aspects - I would recommend it - especially Mike's coffee!! You were all right about the macaroons and cheesecake!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Oswalds5
<Content>Be prepared !!!! Especially with smaller children Let me first say that the beach in Punta Cana is beautiful !! Beach is awesome- Ocean Blue Golf  Spa Resort is also very nice but definitely not a 5 star. More like a 4star. We traveled with 4 adults- 2 teens- 3 kids -ages 10 and 11. Booked the Elite Club thru Apple Vacations. We thought it was worth the extra $$ if you intend to do any excursions- IE: snorkeling, water sports, etc. ANd want 30 minutes of free internet per day along with an upscale dinner and free 30 minute massages for those over 15. We were in Villa 6- 2nd floor. View of the ocean- pools-grounds- For those impatient, type A people - you might want to reconsider. The language barrier is significant unless you are extemely well spoken in Spanish!! Few employees fluent in English or other languages. Also, safety precautions are NOT communicated so be careful of dark shaded water in designated swimming areas!! Tall coral with sea urchins-- kids easily get hurt. (Bring a spray bottle with vinegar)Dominicans are very laid back!!! I'm pretty certain there are no traffic laws- nor a drinking age. (You have to watch or they'll serve the kids virgin pina coladas with rum) LOTS OF TOPLESS LADIES ABOUT THE RESORT !!Start work at 9-10am (even Mike's Coffee house opens at 10am- wierd!!!) Sun rises early and sets by 8pm. They dine late- dinner at 10pm is not unusual.Positives: Great coffee !! grounds beautifully maintained. Pool is OK - AC worked well- brand name liquors- fruit and bottled water, soda well stocked. This resort is not HUGE- only a few restaurants. Kids activities at the pool change daily.... painting, etc. Photographers have a spider monkey, baby iguana and parrots that they run around all day taking shots of the kids. Pretty nice 5x7 pictures. $10 each. You can also hire a professional photographer for a $100 minimum. Nice Spa. Night time activities for older kids and adults. Shows take place but are very corny -Vegas types. Food is marginal. Dominican food is quite bland. (They cook lobster on the grill -split in half which makes it tough!) Buffets have pastas, salads, varieties of meat, desserts. They do have pizza, hamburgers, hotdogs for the kids. Ice tea is the syrup flavored-heavily sweetened type..... There is a market on the premisis - barter-barter------ Also, a very cool upscale shopping center with a short cab ride.Negatives: You can't charge to the room !!!!! (Except for the spa) Intensity of the heat will zap you-even being well hydrated (I'm a nurse) Take cooling breaks. Mosquitos and ants. The stray dogs are harmless, very sweet. One had 8 puppies while we were there -very sad conditions. They love lunchmeat- and bottled water- they won't even drink from the tap ----Most rooms have some leaks- condensation from the AC in the ceiling of the restrooms- around the shower/tub. Sand stays everywhere!!! Even the beds feel full of sand. DRUGS are readily available- other than marajuana. Older kids were approched in the cigar shops- Viagra is over the counter- You will constantly have to ask for towels.Service in general is not as I've seen in Mexico or the Bahamas. Cleaning--- when poolside you retreive your own drinks they don't have anyone serving you- even with tipping- though they appreciate it, I just think the resort is not acclimated to the increase they are seeing in travelers. Worst experience was the flight out of the country. The airport is not even close to being able to handle the amount of travel running thru there. Arrived off the Apple Bus at 12:30pm for a 2:55pm flight. Waited in multiple -standing room only lines- without air conditioning- showed our passports 6 times at various stops- and literally arrived at our gate at 2:35. We don't plan to return soon. But overall a nice time- be careful of the heat. Heat exhaustion is easy -  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>abbygale
<Content>awesome holiday I just want to let people know that this is an amazing place tostay. I would highly recommend any one to stay here. The foodwas great everywhere. There is 5 ala carte restarants and twoothers you can pay at we never needed to go to these as therewas so much variety every where else. We loved a place calledroute 66 the food was really good. we also got to play free bowling at the bowling alley there was also pool and air hockey.Every evening they had shows you could go to. I can't begin to describe the beach it was fantastic, and the water was so warm and blue. All the staff were great and our maid for our room was fantasticshe always looked after us. Dont listen to the bad reviews justgo and experience a great vacation at ocean blue the resort is huge. Just a few steps away is a merchants mall with about 35-40 shops. We went there everyother day getting bargins but you have to know how to barder. We made some good friends thxsDanny!!!! The pools were great so warm and lots of free drinks rememberif you are like me no alcohol you have to tell them no gasoline.Ohla means hello they all greet you this way. We went on a snorkeling cruise called the Marinarium I highly recommend it, it was so much fun and the scenery is beautiful.One other place I must comment on is MIKES coffee and tea shop it was amazing we were there everyday they had hot and cold drinks. There also was professional potographers that were on the beach everyday if you wanted pictures. They do a great job.We loved this place and have not one complaint. Air conditioned rooms were fantastic the bathroom has a double sink that is great when to people are getting ready for an evening out. The weather was 31 everyday with no rain for two weeks. I cant sayenough about Ocean blue resort you will have go experience it for yourself you wont be dissapointed. Happy vacationing from canada!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Travellers14
<Content>Great Resort We booked our trip from March 31 to April 8/08 There were 10 Adults and 4 teenagers. We had only been to the Dominican once before and stayed in Puerto Plata.We have been to Cuba several times.I must say we were all very satisfied with the Ocean Blue,Don't always pay attention to the reviews.....the food was the best we have ever had, the beach the most beautiful,the service was great. The lighting in the rooms could have been a bit brighter,but who stays in their room,other than to sleep. Lovely large pools. We would recommend this Resort to anyone. We hope to go back again next year.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>flyfast
<Content>Beautiful Resort, just unfriendly Stayed four nights with 12 other women for a girls getaway. The resort itself was beautiful and in great shape with beautiful gardens, and good rooms. Even had cherry wood, extra large doors. Cool! It's big so there's lots of walking. I actually lost weight on this one. However, and it's a BIG however, the entire staff we came into contact with were UNFRIENDLY. The housekeeper, check-in, tour package guy, the bartenders, the DJ at the Disco, the towel boy, massage therapist, etc. Not once were we ever impressed by the personailities. No one really seemed to be interested in helping you or making your stay better. It was typical to wait 15 minutes for a drink at the main bar in the evenings. And most staff (and taxi drivers) did NOT speak English. Maybe they haven't noticed yet that tourist can be a boost to their economy. ?? The armed guards at the gated entrance probably should have tipped us off to their economy in the first place. We met a wedding party at the airport and they agreed that the friendliness in their resort was bad as well. So maybe it's not just the resort, but the entire area. The food was ok, not the best... not the worst. Adult entertainment in the evening was definitely lacking, especially at the disco, which did nothing to attract people to the dance floor. They just played latin reggae mostly the entire night. Would I go back to Punta Cana...... probably not. But if I did, I believe the Ocean Blue gave as good as service as you would expect anywhere in the DR.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	1	2	

<Author>ec07
<Content>Ocean Blue - fantastic..!!!!       Beach  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>dawesy
<Content>Was GOOD but not GREAT!!! My partner and I stayed here from the 26th May to the 10th June and had an OK stay. The resort itself is beautiful and can't really complain about anything apart from some of the people who stay here. We found that the British are the minority and some of the other people let themselves down by drinking way to much and making fools of themselves and others. It seemed that there were teenagers there that got absolutley smashed because they are not allowed to drink in their own country!!!! And we certainly wasn't the only couple complaining about this. We also witnessed one fight after the night club and who wants this on holiday. They also need more security around the villas as certain people got that drunk and smashed up the fire extinguishers. VERY GROWN UP seeing that little children could stand on the broken glass.Anyway enough of the negative side but i think people should know that its not a resort to purely relax and get away.The possitives:The beach is fantastic and the sea is so blue and warm, The A La Cartes were amazing especially Route 66 and the Mexican, The Pools are huge and always cleaned so i can't understand people who are saying about missing tiles (who cares), The drinks are great and the international brands are free too (ask for bud cos they have got it!), rooms are big and clean and we didn't have any problems with the light or water pressure.Oh yeah one more thing....MOSQUITO's.....There are alot here more than the North and Cuba!!!!To round it up this resort would be brilliant for a group holiday because there is so much to do...We would go back but not this time of year..  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>BronxPrettylady
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!!! My husband and I stayed at this resort for a week to celebrate our 3 year wedding anniversary... We got there close to 1pm, but the room was not ready, so we left our bags with the bellmen....That was not a problem, so we immediately went off to eat to the Tortuga Buffet which by the way is the largest restaurant and had the most variety. Our room, one of the Elite Club VIP villa 6 right in front of the pools, was 1 minute from the beach; which was awesome. This room was just perfectly equipped beautiful canopy bed, jacuzzi, and separate shower..The hotel offered many different activites which was amusing, so borden was never a factor... the staff was excellent and really funny and authentic...The food was spectacular, especially La casa de mi Abuela a restaurant, in which it was one of our favorite... there's no res required, you just give your name and wait a while, men need to be formal though... Overall, we were very satisfied wtih the accomodations, treatments, and the HOLA from every employee of the resort... No regrets!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DJSAA1
<Content>Okay Vacation Overall Our family of four (with a 22  16 yr. old) vacationed at Ocean Blue from June 8-15. After reading MANY of the reviews, we were very hesitant as to whether we should have stayed there. With there being so many mixed feelings about this resort, we figured we should just go and have a good time. When we were being transported from the airport to Ocean Blue, we were a bit freaked out by the town because of it being so poor looking. You do have to remember though that this is a third world country. Do not expect it to be ANYTHING close to the US. Also, the Dominicans are very crazy drivers so that is just something that you can expect. You just have to enjoy the ride and have fun with it! When we arrived at Ocean Blue, we were very impressed. The buildings and grounds were GORGEOUS!! All of the Dominicans that work there are very nice and try to make your stay very enjoyable. After check in, we were taken right to our room which was in Villa 5 right outside of the blue pool. We just had a standard room and it was more than you could ask for. We did not have one problem with the air conditioning, in fact, we had to turn it down sometimes because it got so cold. We did tip the maids a couple dollars with some caramel candies everyday, and they kept our rooms nice and clean with our refrigerator fully stocked. We are not a family who drinks, so it was sort of annoying to have a bar in pretty much every place you set foot in. We felt that at night there was not that much to do to keep you entertained, but maybe again that's because of the fact that we don't drink? The food...we tried every restaurant that was all-inclusive except for the Dominican restaurant. This was our first time going to an all-inclusive resort, so we can not compare the food to other resorts, but we were not impressed. We could not eat the Italian food, Route 66 was OKAY, and the Margarita restuaraunt ( Mexican) was really good. Mike's Coffee was also ALMOST comparable to an American coffee shop, not quite like Starbucks though. The Buffets were where we ate most of the time and they always have the same things. Not to say that they don't have a large variety, but always the same variety. Let's just say we were ready to come back home and eat! Overall, the resort, beach, and two pools were BEAUTIFUL!! That is the main thing that we went there for and we were glad that we actually went. If I was advising someone on where to go, I would probably not say Ocean Blue or even Punta Cana even though it was a great experience and a fun time. I just think that I would rather go to a place in which you could leave the hotel/resort and do other things at night or during the day (besides sitting on the beach watching topless women walk around or even pose for pictures that their husbands/boyfriends take of them--of course they're always the women who should not be doing it). Whatever!A couple things that you might want to be sure to do or take along with you:- At Airport each person must pay a $10 entry fee- Rain coat...it rained 1 night for us and it was nice to have it when we walked over to eat dinner.- Use the in-room safe..it worked very well for us- Some people requested on here that you bring a light bulb because of the low lighting in rooms, and we did. However, we did not need it because the lighting seemed perfectly normal to us.- Enough $1 bills for tipping maids and whoever else you might want to tipIf you have ANY questions at all about this resort, I would be happy to give you my advice.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>crazyqt27
<Content>Positives and Negatives My boyfriend and I stayed at this resort from May 31st-June 6th. To start off, we got a fantastic deal on this resort including the airfare (continental) from cheapcaribbean.com. I highly recommend using this website to book vacations, it is my second time booking through them and it is the cheapest price without any compromises (if you do, you can use this code to save $50 off your vacation- PROMO900071532). With that said, my expectations were not too high considering how cheap this vacation was for us. When we arrived: $10 tourist fee in the airport, our transfers were there waiting when we arrived, but there were also plenty of taxis as well. 30 min to the resort.We arrived at the hotel around noon. Rooms aren't ready until 3pm. We walked around, had some lunch, went back at 2:45 and got our room keys. They brought our luggage to us (took about 30 min of waiting in the room). Room was ok. We requested a king bed on the 2nd or 3rd floor....got twin beds on the ground floor. He said he had nothing else until Tues, so we just let it go. AC worked, lighting was fine, water pressure/temp was fine, so we were happy with that. Don't leave food out, or you will get tons of ants. Yes, there are mosquitoes, so bring bug spray. The grounds are very nice, and they are constantly cleaning and working on them. The beach, as everyone says, is AMAZING. Plenty of chairs in the shade and sun, and beautiful clear water. They do constantly rake the seaweed from the shore- there is so little to begin with though. The pools are nice. Also plenty of chairs in both sun and shade. Activities at one pool, quite at the other. Nothing special about them, just you average large pools.The food was okay. I certainly did not go hungry ever and always found something to eat. Nothing special or gourmet. Buffet was good and always had tons of options from omelet station, crepe station, and stir fry station to pizza, chicken, cold cuts. Ate at the Mexican place, it was good. Route 66 was also good (typical burger and fries). Italian I got the crab ravioli and it was very good, but my bf got the lasagna and was sick for about a week after that. If he had not gotten sick, I would have given this place 4 stars, but I can't give it more than 3 b/c it is their responsibility to look after the food they are serving. Needless to say, he was pretty much out of commission for the rest of the trip. Make sure to bring plenty of stomach meds just in case. If you do get sick, lots of lime juice in seltzer helped him a lot. Speaking Spanish was not necessary, but helped a lot. Even knowing a few words can help you along. Most of the staff spoke fluent English, but there were a few who didn't know much. Most of the staff was very nice and helpful.Only other complaint I had was the noise level at night. This, of course, is not the resorts fault, but it does play a factor. Most nights, late at night, people would sit out in the courtyards and they were very loud. Normally, not a big deal, have a good time..... but at 4am, it is really just inconsiderate. Weather was mostly overcast the whole time, but still was warm and got plenty of sun. Rained quite a few days, but again, did not stop any activities from going on.Did 2 excursions. 1- Caribbean festival... it was great!!!!! smooth waters, snorkeling and swimming with sharks/rays. 2- shopping trip at rum factory, cigar factory, and flea market. Got some great things! (if you have any questions about these message me).All-in-all, had a good time. It is a beautiful resort with a great beach. Rooms and (most) food was decent. If you go with an open mind, and want to relax and have a good time, you will certainly enjoy it.I will probably return to PC, but most likely will try a different resort next time. Last year went to Puerto Plata and loved the resort, but the beaches were no where near as nice. If you are a beach person, stick with PC.If you have any questions, I'd be happy to answer them.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>ljw0926
<Content>Love the Ocean Blue - Would go back in a heartbeat We (husband, 2 daughters age 16 and 13, and myself) stayed at the Ocean Blue from June 5 - June 12. Let me tell you, I was a little hesitant to go there after reading all the reviews, but don't always believe everything you read!!We were booked into Villa 4 on the 3rd floor. Our room was very clean and very, very cool. The air conditioning worked very well that it sometimes got too cold. The maid we had was great - we tipped her every day and she deserved it. Our room was always cleaned early and cleaned right!!The food was excellent. We ate at the buffet and it was wonderful. We ate at Route 66 for sandwiches and that was also very good. The restaurant by the beach (not the pay one) was beyond excellent. Try the beef tenderloin for dinner and the coffee mousse in a coconut shell for dessert. It is to die for.Now to the employees. The lobby bar bartenders are so nice and wonderful with the kids. Claudio, Luis and Edwin are great. They made the best dirty monkey drink. My girls got their pictures taken with a pet monkey named Brenda and 2 birds. The photograher, Happy Happy, is very friendly. We went to Aruba last year and feel that the beach in Aruba is much cleaner (and there aren't as many topless sunbathers in Aruba) but the people and the food in Punta Cana is alot better. All of the employees that we encountered in Punta Cana are very, very friendly.Please do not hesitate to stay there. It was well worth every penny we spent!!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunshine33024
<Content>June 2008 I stayed @ this hotel for 9 days too many...the service and food sucked!!!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	5	1	3	

<Author>shake2008
<Content>Loved the resort The resort was beautiful and the service was excellent. We went there for our honeymoon and have next to nothing to complain about. The food was good not excellent but pretty good, lots of variety. Overall, I had a wonderful experience and would recommend this to anyone. However, the only thing that annoyed us throughout the trip was H10 time share employees that kept pushing you to invest in timeshare. They were toooo persistant and ruined half of our day for one day and kept on bothering you around the resort. ADVICE: When you arrive they will give you the option of taking this time out to listen to these people and you will receive a basket or a free massage - DONT DO IT - WHAT A WASTE OF A DAY and you get a headache when you are done. Besides that I LOVED every minute. GREAT RESORT - the best there.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>beachgirl902
<Content>Beautiful Beaches! We stayed at the Ocean Blue the first week of March 2008. We hadn't had a vacation in 3 years. I was a little wary of the negative reviews of the property. I work as an accountant at a hotel full time. I know from experience that you cannot please everyone all of the time. Apparently, the people posting the negative comments are those who want absolute perfection. We had absoloutely no issues with the food or service. The beaches were beautiful, the water fabulous! The bartenders and waitstaff were very attentive to us. We never had to ask for anything twice. The variety of food was huge. We neverhad trouble finding something to eat.The housekeeping staff was wonderful as well. The woman who was assigned to clean our room was one of the most honest people we have come across. One day I thought my husband locked the safe, and he though I did. It was wide open with all ouf our cash, passports, travelers checks, jewelry, etc. and not a thing was gone! We found the housekeeper and gave her a rather large tip for her honesty. The only issue we had was finding change in American dollars. Our travel agent suggested travelers checks. We had a difficult time cashing them. Bring lots of ones and fives for tips. The people work very hard there and deserve to be treated like they do.BTW, we had very little contact with the time share people. We just politely said we were not interested and they did not bother us.We had such a great, relaxing time, we would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>scousertorres
<Content>Wish we were still there - we had a lovely holiday (Northwich, Cheshire,England) Sorry if this is a bit lengthy but I found previous reviews really helpful. I stayed at the Ocean Sands/Blue from 22/5/08 to 05/06/08 with my husband, 2 boys (aged 13  8) and my father in law. This was our 3rd time to the DR and we still love it, we went to the North of the island 2 years ago but came back to the East (Bavaro) this year, this was our first time at this hotel though.After reading the reviews before we went we were a bit concerned, but found that there was really nothing to worry about, we really did not have any major problems. From previous reviews many people seem to have high expectations, as we are from England we have spent many holidays in the European Countries holiday resorts and none of them are a patch on the DR.The all inclusive package is definitely value for money, the rooms were big, clean and everything worked fine. We always had hot running water and the air conditioning worked brilliantly, there was always a stocked fridge, (we would leave a tip each day for the maid and left a note asking for more beer). We were in villa 9 overlooking the road at the back, we did think about requesting a move to overlook the pool but decided against it as it was quiet where we were.The food was lovely, we found there was plenty of choice and enjoyed trying the different restaurants, our favourite was the beach restaurant at night (not the seafood one) and mikes coffee bar is really good, I loved all the cakes, however the staff in there were probably the least friendly in the whole hotel - the cakes made up for that though!The majority of the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful, they all worked really hard and were grateful of any tips but did not expect them.Although the hotel was fairly quiet the first week, there were still plenty of activities going on. I was a bit bothered in case my boys got a bit bored but needn't have worried, they used the kayaks and body boards, did the archery, climbing wall, tennis, bowling, pool, air hockey, table football and table tennis. There were shows every night although I think most were repeated the second week, however we enjoyed them all. There were live bands/singers in the lobby bar too which again were really good. We went on the trip called the Dominican Discovery which went into the mountains, went to a school and through local villages. We took lots of crayons, pencils and colouring books (wish we had taken sweets too). The children in the local villages looked forward to us passing through and really appreciated the gifts, this is still a developing country and a lot of the children don't even go to school.The beach was the best and the hotel staff cleared the small amount of seaweed every day so it was kept lovely and clean, however there were a few stray dogs at the end of the beach by the shops but they never bothered us.The pools were really big, however the blue pool was never very clean and both pools were closed for cleaning one morning, that was only real thing we had to moan about.Overall we all had a great time and would recommend this hotel, it was my father-in-laws first visit to the DR and he thought it was brilliant.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>dmcdlj
<Content>have questions I have two questions: Are the restaurants here all open air? (not airconditioned?)And, did anyone who went here get sick? My son and 30 friends went here for a wedding two years ago, and all 30 got sick the second day. They were so sick - they didn't know if they could even have the wedding. But, they all went off site the first night to eat at some local famous place. Just wondering if those who stayed onsite to eat also get sick ? Thanks  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>supermanluis
<Content>Food was Great at one Rest, but service was very poor......... I stayed in this Hotel for the first time, with my family for 8 days and 7 nights.But would not recommend at all to no one service in general is Poor, housekeeping is very bad and mantienece in this hotel is bad.Pool activities very bad all around bad hotel.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>AZTraveler3
<Content>WARNING The experience we had at this resort was worse than I could have ever imagined. The day we arrived there was no offer to assist us to get our luggage to our room so we carried it ourselves. We would have gladly tipped well for some assistance with getting our luggage to the second floor of villa four. Once in the room we noticed a few problems. For example, the bathtub did not have a drain plug so the jacuzzi tub was not an option. We called the front desk for 1 extra pillow and a drain plug but it never arrived. The first night there was very loud. A fight broke out in the middle of the night with someone on the third floor trying to kick in a door. There was a lot of yelling in spanish so we do not know what the fight was about. The next day we went directly to the office to asked to be moved to a different room. There seemed to be no manager available no matter what time of day you try to speak with one. We eventually did get a different room in villa four but it was on the third floor and it was more quiet, however there was no water to the shower. I'm not saying the pressure was bad, I am saying there was no water at all. Of course when we called the office they took a message but it was not fixed. The other complaint is the food, it is terrible. All of the restaurants serve the same food and it is really bad. We tried to eat at the Mexican restaurant and we left without finishing. My husband ordered tacos and we couldn't tell if it was beef or chicken because it was burnt so badly. We finally had enough after two days we hired a taxi to take us to a different resort (Dreams) and it was very expensive because it was last minute. We didn't care about the cost at that point because we were so stressed out that we just wanted to leave Ocean Blue. The beach is very pretty and the grounds are kept well. Our advice: find a different resort if you care at all about quality of service and food.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>ffredijenrick
<Content>Heaven on Earth Three friends and I stayed at Ocean Blue for a week and loved every minute of it. We were greeted upon our arrival with a cocktail, then hopped the trolley to our spacious room. It was clean and fully stocked when we arrived. The only thing we had to request were extra towels which were quickly brought to us.The pools were clean and the bars were great. They made amazing drinks and each bartender had a signature cocktail we were eager to try. The entire staff was very friendly and accomodating.The staff that ran the activities was great. There were games going every morning and afternoon on the beach, and afternoon games in the pool. We played nearly all. There were prizes given out in a winner's circle every night at the start of the evening show. There were also both beach and water volleyball games going on throughout the day, or you could start your own.Again, the staff was great. The bartenders were very friendly, whether you tipped or not (although they appreciate and deserve the tips!). The other staff was so friendly. They would greet us whenever they saw us and recruit us for games. They also showed us around the resort. They made our stay.We would venture to the beach sometimes, and never had a problem getting a cabana. Some of us preferred the shade, some the sun, and none of us had a problem finding either. Also, there was a bar right on the beach which came in handy.The food was also good. We stuck mainly to the buffet, and never had any problems. There was always plenty of selection.I would recommend this resort to others. It was a great week and we can't wait to go back. It was an extremely relaxing vacation filled with plenty of great people.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>amd1708
<Content>Good value when you know what to expect       coconut trees at dusk  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>jessieboo
<Content>Good overall - no major complaints       villas  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>celin213
<Content>A great experience       Villas  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jose2006
<Content>Excellent for a short vacation We just return from a long weekend vacation at the Ocean Blue. I will say is a very nice hotel, with excellent service. The food was very good for an all inclusive place. Didn't visit the restaurants, since was always full. If you wish to go to the restaurants, try to be early. The two buffet restaurants were fine for us. Drinks were good. The pool and beach are beautiful. Pool bars are a plus. We tried the spa and it was fantastic. Excellent prices. Don't forget to visit Mike Cafe, the best. Rooms are fine. Nothing fancy, but perfect size. Of course, on a short beach vacation you don't use the room too much. If you are looking for a fancy place like Bora Bora, this is not the place. But if you look for a good place, with a beautiful beach, nice pool and pool bars, lot of sun, good drinks and beer, and a decent place to sleep; Ocean Blue is the place.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>tjs198
<Content>Won't Go Back: Stayed at Ocean Blue from 5/26 to 6/2 and won't go back. You get what you pay for. I booked this through Costco Travel - I originally was going to book at Paridisus Punta Cana but the Costco Rep stated they had gone down hill recently - I asked for her suggestion and she said Ocean Blue or Paridisus Palma Real. I believe Paridisus was ~$2600 for the week, Ocean Blue $1600, and Palma Real $3200. The funny thing was Ocean Blue was rated higher (Deluxe Plus) than Paridisus Punta Cana (Deluxe). Like they always say, if it's too good to be true, it probably is.The airport transfer was great - we were the only family on the shuttle and went straight to the resort, checked in quickly but our rooms were ready until 3pm so we went to the pool. Finally got in our rooms in Villa #5 and they were beat up. We requested rooms next to each other (traveling with my wife's parents) - didn't get that, requested king size bed, didn't get that. Air conditioning thermostat on the wall was buzzing -wouldn't be able to sleep with that noise. So we immediately went to the front desk to complain, they said they couldn't do anything. We wouldn't accept that answer, and finally after about an hour, we got moved to the Elite Club villa #10 - these rooms are a little nicer but still beat up. Also, we got sick of waiting for more than 30 minutes for the bell boys to move our luggage so we just dragged it across the resort ourselves. Walked by may workers and not one even offered to help. 2 problems with the new rooms - our shower didn't drain properly - it took us asking 3 different people before someone finally showed the next day. And they didn't even fix it, the drain just got a little better - so by the end of your shower, you were still standing in 3-4 of water instead of it overflowing onto the floor. We gave up and just made jokes about it. My inlaws rooms didn't have a door strike for the lock on the door to catch so you could just push the door open - no key needed. The maintenance fix on this was - they went to another room and took the strike off and put it on my inlaws room. Also, our sliding glass door on the balcony wouldn't close, it wasn't aligned right or something, the bottom would close but the top would have a gap. We were on the 3rd floor so didn't waste our time trying to get that fixed.On to the food - it was pretty bad. The dominican restaurant - the food looked and tasted like dog food. Route 66 - same thing - bad - my wife ordered a cuban sandwich, they brought her something else. she complained and they started arguing with her, we got up and left. THe mexican place was edible and was the italian rest. After trying each of them, we just ate at the buffet - which was pretty decent - a lot of choices - the cooked to eat stir fry was good and one day they had steak which was ok. One thing though - they overcook EVERYTHING - no pieces of meat, lamb, etc were tender. Even at breakfast - the omelet eggs were brown from being overcooked. They also make up dishes for the buffet. THe previous days lunch hot dogs are out for breakfast the next day. I must say they had decent pizza.THe last negative thing was the customer service - or lack of. I'd estimate maybe 25% of the food service people were friendly and trying, the other 75% had pusses on their faces, didn't care, etc. Getting drinks took forever (if they even came). I don't know if they forgot, didn't care, or what. We be almost done eating and still wouldn't have received our drinks yet. We had drinks in the pool and would set our cups right next to the pool and some staff people walked by and step on my wife's drink. The guy was concerned with the strawberry daiquiri on his sock, not the spilled drink or crumbled cup that just fell into the pool. Didn't even pickup the cup or offer to get a new drink. The bartenders, activity staff were good though. And yes, the grounds crew were always working - pulling weeds, sweeping beach, etc. I don't know why they don't use mulch though around trees, plants, etc. it's just bare dirt.Positive things - kids club for my 5 year old, pool was fun, and beach was beautiful. Lobby bar had pretty good live music (cheesy but fun - 4 dominican guys singing boy band songs). The shows were lame (copacabana  chicago) - people would leave half way through. The H10 timeshare guy came up to me once in the dining hall but I said we already did it and kept walking.Trip back to the airport was good - again it was our own private shuttle - direct to airport by Hotelbeds.I won't go back to Ocean Blue anytime soon. You get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	2	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>ALeeBlondie
<Content>Beyond disappointing! I went to Ocean Blue as a bride鈥檚 maid in a wedding. This was the 1st and very last I will visit this resort. The trolleys that are supposed to take you around the resort do not run frequently and stop prior to bars and clubs closing. The food was terrible, dry and tasteless. We even tried one of the restaurants that you had to pay extra for and it was the same as another restaurant which was all inclusive. I asked for towels to be sent to my room. They never came! The entertainment was boring and limited. The disco played the same music every night. I don't even know why they hired a DJ to play Britney Spears, YMCA and Reggae tone over and over. The next day I went on the banana boat and the driver was so obnoxious I thought he was trying to hurt us..We flipped 10 times and 3 of us got hurt. The worst part was the fact that we had to work around the wedding planner鈥檚 schedule. We originally were set to have the rehearsal at 9 am Sat morning. Come Friday night she calls the bride to say that she is tired from the wedding the night before and isn鈥檛 coming till 2pm. Since when do we resolve around her schedule. The only thing I can say that DR is beautiful and the beaches are exquisite. If you are looking for good food, great entertainment and service..Do NOT stay here!!!!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>daddyslilgirl
<Content>Ocean Blue...We love you!! :) I'll begin by saying I wish I was still there! My husband and I stayed at Ocean Blue from May 16th thru May 23rd. If you are anyone who followed any of my posts, you'll know ahead of time that I was nervous about the entire trip from the word go. Only through the help of many people on the forum did I find the comfort and courage to go and let loose! Let me tell ya, I did just that. We had a ball! Okay, let's see if I can get going here without dragging this out too much...Here goes: We arrived in Punta Cana on Friday morning around 11:00. Everything went very smoothly at the airport. We found the outside bar near the cafeteria and quickly grabbed two Presidente's. That seemed like the right thing to do...and it was! We were shown to our bus by our Apple Tour Rep, and after only a few minutes we were heading to our resort. We made two stops along the way to let other passengers out at their resorts. We arrived at OB at approximately thirty minutes after leaving the airport. Check in took some time, but it went quicker than I thought it would considering the amount of people I saw in front of us. We were greeted with a welcome drink, and the lobby bar is located right outside of the check in, so my husband was very soothed! We were there a couple of hours before check in time, so I thought we'd have to wait for our room to be ready. I was pleasantly surprised when we were handed our room cards immediately. Okay...the bad part..yes they send you over to the desk where you meet the H10 person. Having read about this ahead of time helped me, because I knew what to expect. We got the invitation to special breakfast the next morning to learn about the resort. A quick Thank you, see you in the morning and we were off to our room.We had a very nice room (regular ROH). It had two queen beds, couch, TV, fridge, safe, bath with jacuzzi, and double sinks, working toilet too! Everything worked properly. We never had any issues. Occasionally (two or three times) the electricity went out for a moment, but all we did was slid the keycard in the slot on the wall and that resolved the issue. No problem! Our fridge was stocked daily with water, pop, and beer. If we asked for more of anything, we got it. Our room was always nicely cleaned. The lighting is dim, but we were prepared with a 60watt bulb from home. My hubby put it up in the bathroom and we were set for the week. We were in villa # five, and had a good walk to the lobby and restaurants, but the pools were right at our feet, and the beach not much further. We didn't have a pool view. I did ask if it was possible to have our room switched, and I was told that we could have a pool view on Monday. By Sunday though, we were already quite comfy in our  home and felt no need to move. Afterall, we still had beautiful palm trees to look at from our deck, which we were rarely on anyway! Our first night turned into a very long one. When my phone rang the next morning to remind us of our breakfast meeting, I kindly told the gentleman that we had a late night and couldn't make it. The phone did ring the next morning as well, but I didn't answer. After that, we weren't bothered by the H10 people. We'd see them here and there, but honestly weren't bothered by them.The food: We ate at the main buffet, beach grill, Mexican, Route 66 (American), the Sports Bar, and of course Mike's coffee shop! What a treat...don't pass it up! We never went to the two pay restaurants or the Dominican or Italian. I would have liked to try the other restaurants, but requiring long pants became a bit of an issue for my hubby as he got burnt early on and his legs were chaffed, so long pants became a problem. We were quite content to eat in the othe places though, because there was still a great variety. The breakfast buffet was awesome, complete with omelette bar, french toast station, and everything else imaginable, including salmon, which my husband ate nearly every morning and loved it. I'm not much of a poached egg eater, but I loved theirs, prepared with some kind of marinara sauce or something. The bacon was pretty bland. I did like the sausage.It was pretty tasty. Lunch buffet was equally delicious. I don't know what they do to make their chicken taste so special, but it was some of the best I've ever had, especially down at the beach grill. It was so good.I didn't try a lot of different meats because I was leary of my stomach. I heard though that the steaks at Route 66 were delicious.Fresh fruit was plentiful, and desserts never ended. I don't think I've ever seen such a variety. Dinner was always quite good in the buffet. Once again, there's a large variety.The pools were enormous and both have great swim-up bars.There is absolutely no shortage on chairs here! The pools did start to look a little dirty after a couple of days, but they closed them down and cleaned overnight and even kept one closed all day cleaning it. We heard several people commenting about the look of the water. By that afternoon though, there was a drastic improvement in the looks and you could smell the chlorine being filtered through. Much better now!The beach is so beautiful. You really must just go see it for yourself!!! They have covered beds on the beach with PLENTY of lounge chairs. The vendors are to the left of the beach if you're facing the water. They do try the cheapy cheapy line with you. Just remember, you have the bargaining power. They're fun to bargain with, although a couple of them must have gotten insulted at our offers and weren't so friendly! None the less, it was fun, and I did get some good buys!The service: I've heard people say service is slow. I have to laugh at that, because unless I was really lucky, I never seemed to have a long wait at all. The only time I can remember was in one of the restaurants, we did order wine with our meal, but never got it. We just laughed it off. The servers were all very friendly and professional. The bartenders were a blast. On our first night there one of the guys had me come behind and make a couple of drinks! They were so much fun. Smile, smile, smile...that's all you see. Singing too, so many of them walk around singing. What a pleasant atmosphere they make!The grounds: Absolutely beautiful, with workers going nonstop. Those men amazed me at how hard they work, but always had time for a cheery Hola The grounds are impeccable. I was so impressed with the cleanliness.Nightly entertainment: There's always something going on at the theater. The first night we started to watch the Latin themed show, but didn't care for the music so we didn't stay. The other nights we planned to go, but always wound up in the lobby bar with all of our new found buddies! So, sorry, I can't tell you much about the shows! There was generally some type of music in the lobby bar, and plenty of seating. That was our favorite place to be at night. We went to Karaoke in the Sports bar one night and that was a great time! We peeked into the disco for a few minutes on our last night, but it's too loud for me! (gettin old!)We never ventured into the Casino, but from what I could see, it looked pretty nice. The bowling alley is cool. There's pool tables, ping pong, and a couple of other tables as well. If you can't find something to do, you're not looking!Believe it or not, I think this is about complete. It's late and I need some sleep now that I'm back to reality! I would go back to this resort in a heartbeat. I find it unfortunate that other people may have had bad experiences, but mine was great. I had so many fears before going, but they disappeared immediately. I hope I've covered all the important things, without rambling too much! If you're considering this resort, please don't hesitate! It's definitely worth the money and then some. Another great bonus is that you get to meet so many incredible people to help you form lasting memories. Enjoy! PS...I tried to put photos on, but I'm having trouble...sorry!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>cytorosie
<Content>Never again As I've read in other reviews we were roped into their vacation club presentation. This was on our first full day there. Not only did it take over 6 hours, but there was a good amount of pressure put on us to buy. Long story short, we bought. After actually seeing the entire resort we decided that if their other properties were in as bad shape as Ocean Blue we didn't want to be involved with them. Things like rusted workout equipment, all the pool tables with rips and bumps in the felt, the same lunch and dinner buffet every day, outdated rooms, etc. Terrible, especially since we were told it was a 4 star resort. 2.5 stars would be pushing it in actuality. We spoke to the man who offered us this deal, and were told that Alot of people end up cancelling. All you have to do when you get home is contact the home office in Ireland and tell them you want to cancel. There shouldn't be a problem. Well, it has been over 5 weeks and finally we received a letter stating that we would get back $16,000, but they would keep over $6100.00 of our money! So, just a warning to others planning to visit this resort. Don't get roped into this presentation, no matter how much they bother you to attend or no matter how good the deal sounds. And definitely don't let your emotions take over like ours did. We were misled and we will never stay again at any H10 hotel, nor advise any friends or family to either.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	2	2	3	

<Author>meme2021
<Content>BEYOUND PARADISE       On the Beach  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>LOVETOGOWisconsin
<Content>Timeshare by anyother name would still smell We just returned from 10 days at the Ocean Blue resort in Punta Cana. Overall it was a nice vacation but there were a few things that really bothered us. First and foremost was the WELCOME TOUR we were invited to attend our first morning at the resort. We were told to wait for breakfast because they would serve a very special breakfast to us while they explained all the features the resort had to offer. Breakfast was a glass of orange juice while they encouraged us to become members of the H-10 family. For just under $40,000 we would get 3 weeks of vacation at any H-10 property(an extra $52-$108 per person per day for all-inclusive) for the next 25 years. They claim it isn't a timeshare, but sure sounds like one to me. They told us that there were different color wristband for guests and staff knew who the family members were and they got the best service and accomodations. I know the service we recieved was by far rhe worst we have ever gotten at any resort, but I'm not sure if it was the color of our wristband, or just a very poorly trained staff. Besides the service, the food was bland and unimaginative and often bore little resemblance to the menu discription. It was not horrible, just not that great. They have two resturants for members only, but of course for a price (about $30 per person) others can dine there. Origanally we were going to try the seafood resturant ( which was a few picnic table on the beach) for my husbands birthday, but felt that it would be a major waste of money. Nothing we ate at any of the other 5 resturants indicated that they had chefs there that could prepare food worth paying extra for. If you don't mind being repeatedly hasseled about timeshare presentations and don't care about quality of food or service it's a nice place. The setting is beautiful and the beach is one of the nicest on the coast. Lots of activities offered, rock climbing wall on the beach and a bungy trampoline. They have a bowling alley, disco, casino, bike riding, tennis, achery, dance lessons, etc. Lots to do! They also had a sports bar that my husband really enjoyed. He could go in at night and watch ESPN (in spanish of course) to keep track of his favorite teams. Next door to the sports bar is a coffee shop that served hot and cold coffees and teas that I really enjoyed.  As I said at the outset, it was a nice vacation and if it wasn't for the pressure to become a family member (they would approach you on the beach and on the way out of breakfast to try and get you to come to another meeting), I could have forgiven the poor service and bland food. I paid for a relaxing vacation and did not appreciate them taking my time to try and pressure me into buying into their idea of family. I know they have openned some new resorts in the Riviera Maya, so if you are thinking of visiting any H-10 property beware of the WELCOME TOUR.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>HJNJ
<Content>Good Resort       vent in the bathroom  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>makenna1
<Content>Everythinh i hoped and some more As any reader of the forums knows i have spent a lot of time reading and writing about this trip and now finally a review. First of all the resort is beautiful and the weather and people we met wer beyond great. The ONLY problem we had was with check in to the elite club. The first room was not ready (an understatement) and the second one was in a great location, three doors from the beach and pools. Our luggage caught up with us from the resort about three hours late which pretty much made day 1 a waste of time except for my 7 year old who went in the pool with her clothes on not willing to wait (cant blame her). So after that rocky start I was a little worried. Day two all was forgotten as we hit the beach and pools all day (a few bars too) I met Vonnie from TA forums and her lovely daughter and we all had a great week together. The food was very well diverse and good. The only resturant we did not like was the Mexican and I wish we had tried the Italian as other guests were raving about it. The staff could not have been any more friendly, they work really hard and wear many hats during the day, breakfast server to barman, and dinner server then do a show at night! Beware that the courtyards carry sound very well so if you are a late nighter be considerate. I only used the massage from the package i got as i was having a good time with everything else I never used the boats or anything else. Yes there are tiles missing from the pool and no it does not affect the use of them in any way. I was suprised that being only two years old it had this problem though. I played $20 at a $5 blackjack table as my wife and kids went to the washroom before dinner for 10 mins. and walked out with $150.00 not bad at all! Yes there are topless bathers (not a ton) and I thank them all! LOL The rest i will leave for the forums if You have questions PM and I will try to answer them all.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>tennislady24
<Content>Beautiful resort-poor food We just returned from Ocean Blue beach resort and have a mixed review. We stayed for four nights with our two chilren (ages 7/9). We all enjoyed the pool and the beach. Both pools were large enough to swim freely without bumping into people. Although the pool was missing a lot of tiles and had some questionable black things floating in it (mold???) .The beach was clean with beautiful water. We booked a snorkling excursion at the resort...not wonderful. It seemed like a lot of money for a one hour snorkling excursion (plus 30 minute boat ride each way) ($136/4 people) We did see a lot of fish, so the kids enjoyed it. The rooms were clean and the service was good. The rooms were a little beaten up, but generally comfortable and clean.Our major complaint was the food. The buffet was not good. We never got sick, but the food was not very good at all. We ate at the Mexican restaurant( fair...don't order the fish...ugh!), Italian (poor) and Route 66 (average at best). Mike's coffee was excellent and the drinks were all good. We have never been to an all-inclusive resort before and are not sure if our expectations were just too high. At least we did not gain any weight!!!The low point of the trip was dealing with Delta. Our return flight was cancelled and Delta put all of the passengers up in a disgusting resort called the Carbela..DO NOT GO THERE!!!!!!!! Many passengers got sick from the food (inedible), the rooms were filthy (cockroaches, ants, spiders, mold, dirty linens, the list goes on) We are thoroughly disappointed with Delta for stranding us in sucha hell-hole. Some how the Carabella received a four star rating...NOT REMOTELY TRUE!!!!!!! The Ocean Blue resort has earned its stars and does not belong in the same class as the Carabela. If food is not of major importance to you, the Ocean Blue is a fantastic choice. The Carabela should be condemned.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Joyce-Don
<Content>Very Impressed Delaware My wife and I vacationed April 28- May 5. We have Stayed at Iberostar, Grand Palladium and Grad Bahia Principe. This resort was the smallest with alot of possitive ideas. The grounds we beautiful and clean. Our room a/c worked great, good water pressure and Gloria gave us plenty of towels . The Beach = This is our 7th trip to DR. The reason is THE BEACH. Plenty of loungers,always a place in the shade.Restaurants= Italian, Well they have no idea what Italian food is. The Mexican was our favorite , we ate there twice.The bufffet was one of the best. Every night there was fresh fish, plenty of other choices and a stir fry station made to order. This is the first resort where in the buffet a worker had a thermometer checking food tempture. Mikes coffee house, try the cheese cake. They dont show it in the case, so ask for it. The Dominican restaurants was a enjoyable experience and good food. Beach Buffet= Plenty to choose from, great chicken, pizza, salads and pasta. The fresh fruit is to die for. Remember , this is only lunch. Something nice was the plates to go. Later in the day get some fruit and take it back to the beachPools= Two nice size pools with bars. Never crowded, with plenty of loungers.Overall= For the price the resort was impressive. The lobby and bar is not as big or plush as others. Evening music in the lobby could use some help. Drinks, well , they will make anything you ask for. I wish they would have a drink list like all the other resorts. The employees are very easy to communicate with if you us a little body language. BUT THE BEACH IS THE GREATEST  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>treese
<Content>would go back here!       dominican resturant  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>hola19
<Content>Loved It! I won't write much, all I have to say is it was great! Stayed at another resort 2 yrs ago and this was much better. We were here from 2-2 to 2-9 and had a blast. Only thing is yes, the sheets were kind of musty, but that's expected. I was too drunk to notice by bedtime anyway ;) Everyone was so nice, yes we tipped but didn't see anyone else tipping. What's a dollar or two when you get such great service. And please..... people who smoke. Clean up your cig. butts. It's a beautiful resort, why should other people have to put up with your trash. We may get married here next year!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Cricket1997
<Content>Loved it!!!!!!       "Happy Happy"  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>elysegazzetta
<Content>Wonderful Vacation       beach  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>chezfionaz
<Content>Perfect base for sun, sea  Like many other people, I had read some of the not so great reviews of the Ocean Blue resort on this website and, as a result, I was a small bit anxious about how our holiday there would turn out. However, my fears were completely unfounded. My boyfriend and I spent a week at this resort - the first week of May - and had a fabulous time. Our transfer shuttle from the airport to the hotel was waiting for us when we landed in Punta Cana after a LONG flight from Ireland (via Paris). The transfer only took about 20mins. Check-in was quick and very informative. We were offered a trolley ride to our room but chose to walk (the 5 minutes it took) from the reception to our building to get a feel for the resort. Our room was absolutely gorgeous - it was on the ground floor of Villa 5, facing the two huge swimming pools, and only minutes from the beach. The room was spotless, with plenty of lamps (to make up for the fairly dim main light) and, more importantly, beer in the fridge!On our first night there, we ate in Route 66 but we were a bit underwhelmed. We had to wait about half an hour or more for a table (admittedly we didn't have a reservation) and service when we did get a table was slow and absent-minded. However, we were much more impressed with the bar in the main building afterwards - great service and very friendly staff.For the rest of the week, we ate in the main buffet for every meal... and never got bored of it. We always got a table straight away, and there was a huge and varied selection of food each day (breakfast was definitely a favourite of mine though what with bucks fizz, a crepes and pancake corner, and all the fresh tropical fruit you could eat). For the majority of the time, the staff were good and attentive, but at busier times, it was sometimes necessary to go to the bar ourselves to get drinks. - not a big deal.The whole resort was extremely well maintained. The swimming pools were huge and the staff at the pool bars were friendly and very efficient. The beach was absolutely amazing - picture postcard perfect!We always had fresh towels in our room. Every day we left a tip and a note (in Spanish) for the housekeeping girls, and most days we were left beer in our fridge. On the days we weren't though, it was easy to stroll over to the pool bar and get whatever we wanted for takeaway!Some people mentioned that they had problems from the food in the resort. We did have tummy problems one day but I suspect it was more to do with the 5 glasses of champagne in the bar the night before, than anything else. I think its important to point out that ,with all the free food and drink on offer, its very easy to go overboard... (I overheard a guy at the pool one day proudly proclaiming that he had had more than 50 shrimp for lunch!). Eat and drink in excess and you're asking for trouble anyway. We ate and drank plenty, but within reason, and didn't have any problems.Another thing I'd like to mention is in relation to the staff and tipping etc. We tipped quite often, mostly a dollar or two each time... but didn't tip when we felt the service was lacking. Sometimes you do get the impression that the staff lack incentive.... but maybe if they got a better deal from the visitors they would be more receptive? Sometimes, I was embarrassed to hear how some guests treated the staff - shouting at them and ordering them around. Yes - the people are there to serve you, but they are not your servants! Anyway, we had a great experience at Ocean Blue and would highly recommend it. I must say though that we visited the resort when it was a bit quieter and that may have helped with the fact that we had no issues with seating in the restaurants, getting sun loungers, getting served at the bar etc. I was very glad we visited when it wasn't the height of their busy season.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>LisaP4446
<Content>Good Hotel My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 10 days. We had a great time. Sorry if this review gets lengthy but I guess I have alot to say. We also purchased the elite services. That service was worth the money you pay, I read all the reviews before we left, and from my experience people expect everything to be American. The pool was great a few missing tiles but coulf hardly notice. We did have a problem with the shower and pressure, but being handy took a needle and poked the shower head holes and the pressure was great almost too much. Never had a problem getting chairs at the pool or beach which were in the shade.. we usually went to the pool or beach around 10:30-11:00.Because we had purchased the elite club service we had our own concierge. We called them and they scheduled our dinner reservations (the restyou need to pay for but get one free with elite club) and our massages (also free). We did have a problem with our safe one time and called our concierge and the safe was fixed in 30 minutes. That could happen anywhere.We did schedule a photo shoot (because it was our anniversary) and they did a wonderful job, They took 100 pictures that turned out. Was hard to narrow them down to a price we were willing to pay. On our Anniversary they came out with a delicous cake and sanh Happy Anniversay. Which was a very nice jesture on there part.We never came across any of the staff that was not polite and willing to help us out or for that matter give us anything we wanted. Ou room maid was wonderful...our room was cleaned twice a day once in the morning and at night. We did leave them a tip everyday and our frig was stocked with whatever we asked (all you have to do is leave them a note) . She even gave us extra bottles of absolute and rum.The food was good....there was something for everyone. My favorite was El Bogdon. You had to pay extra for the meal (one dinner included with elite club). Even the prices were very reasonable.We are scuba divers and the dive crew from the hotel are great. They try very hard to give you what you want and make sure you are happy. The shipwreck Astron was great. There are four chunks of this ship that you can swim through or between ang the fish are plentiful to see. The excursion to Catalina was fantastic. You swim in the Carribean waters an then got to an island for a few hours. They also offer snorkeling on that trip.If you have any questions please email me.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>modosucio
<Content>Great People, Great Cocktails       The Beach  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>envirgirl
<Content>Best vacation ever Ocean Blue was amazing. Stayed at Caribe Club Princess before, and this was def. better. Mimosas and caviar on the breakfast bar!! What more could you ask for. Everyone was so friendly, the beach was beautiful. Plenty of shade areas too. And yes to Amazon (above review), we did feed the mama and puppies on the beach. It was so sad to see the stray dogs. I would recommend booking with Apple. They've always made sure everything ran smoothly and have reps on site to take care of you.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Erand
<Content>Saturday's Are "Different" Just came back from this resort after staying 4 nights for a wedding. The overall experience was fantastic, BUT, alot of that is due to being there with a large group of fun and interesting people who were all connected through the wedding party. There was only one real negative that I saw so I will report on that first and then give my take on the rest of it:I was there from Wednesday to Sunday, and from Wednesday to Saturday afternoon, the resort was made up of primarily American, European and Canadian tourists. On Saturday, I observed several bus loads of local tourists arrive in the lobby. Some said that the resort heavily discounts weekend rates for locals. Not sure what the story is, but the population at the pool and pool bars was different and much more crowded on Saturday. The nightclub which played great American music the prior three nights, switched to accomodate all of the locals and played nothing but Spanish music all night. This was unfortunate because even with our group, many couldnt take the positively endless barrage of Spanish music. It was 3 straight hours of it (and Im sure much more after I left). I give the food rating a C+. If you like to have great food on your trips, this may not be the place for you. I didnt mind the food and its not like anyone was getting sick from it, but many of the offerings are just average at best. They do the local cusine very well (rice, beans, churiso, salsa, bananas, etc), but things that arent their specialty really suffer, which is a lot of dishes. Luckily, Im not a foodie so this didnt bother me at all. Not sure if other resorts in the area have better food, this was my first time in DR.The pools are huge and relaxing with good service at the pool bars. They play alot of local music during the day and have contests and classes at the pool. This is fun for the 5 or so people who get involved (in a salsa dance lesson for example) but Im guessing that for the rest of the people at the pool who are trying to relax or have conversations, its a bit intrusive to hear these classes broadcast over the loud speakers.The nightlife was above average. Lots of bars to choose from and they have the live dance shows every night if thats your thing. Again, I was with a big, fun crowd so it was pretty easy for us to enjoy the nightlife (except on saturday at the club which was TERRIBLE).The beach was great. Plenty of seating and shade and I walked the beach at one point to about 10 other resorts and Ocean Blue was at least as good as those, and in many cases, Ocean Blue was far better laid out.The resort was a good size. Not too big as I have heard others are in DR. Everything in less than a 5 minute walk away. This is important because some resorts are way too big and its a chore to go from one part (beach) to another (the pool or your room, etc). Building 8 or 9 are the most centrally located group of rooms. Closest to everything, I recommend those.Ok , thats all I can think of. Feel free to email me if you have any questions. Overall, I had an unbelievable time attending this wedding. Not sure that I would necessarily go back to this resort, but it was a great location for a destination wedding, particularly if you have a decent sized group.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>UsaVacationer
<Content>seven days of pizza and pasta I find it amazing that people went to the same resort as I did and had such OPPOSITE opinons! One person said there was no language barrier.....are you kidding me? They could barely communicate, if at all. My biggest complaint was the food. The only thing I liked was the pizza (when it was just out of the oven) and the pasta. I ate it for lunch and dinner every single day....We were there 7 days and I was so freaking tired of the food by the end I could die. I'm not a picky eater it just was nasty food. My other complaint was you could get your own food at the buffet but not your own drinks...so you sit down with your plate of food and you're almost done eating before they come over and ask you what you want to drink. If you say diet coke, you get a little glass of diet coke that you chug because you're so thirsty by now, and then forget ever getting a refill. I walked up to the bar area myself to ask for another coke and the waiter yelled at me!! I GET YOUR DRINK FOR YOU......ok, fine, but you aren't bringing it. And as many others have said, I found everyone very rude except the bartenders. The one girl in the lobby bar would joke around with the fellow bartenders and then when she looked at you, it turned into a scowl. I tipped like crazy the first few days and like others said, there is no point. It makes no difference. There was a girl at the casino possibly named Maria (I was trying to read her name tag to report her) that was so blatantly rude I wanted to punch her in the face.The pool is absolutely gorgeous. I will say that. The grounds are beautiful. The beach in front of our hotel was horrible. I'm sure the beach contour changes often but you'd have to walk through a ton of little twigs and dirty stuff to get to the water. Right next door it was spotless. Maybe our place was like that when others said it was perfect. Someone said they had Heineken at the bars???? That is an out and out LIE...we asked at every single bar what kind of beer they had. The Presidente smelled/tasted like sewage sometimes. We got Bud at the sports bar and it was very cold. But if you don't watch, they pour it in a mug and then you turn your head and they refill your mug with Presidente even tho they know you are drinking bud. If they had Heineken then the bartenders all lied. We were there for a week and asked at every bar every day.I will not be back to Punta Cana. I guess I'm spoiled from other vacations I've taken. The folks I met that thought it was wonderful were in their 20s and had never been anywhere else. If you've been to some nice places with great service and good food, you'll be very disappointed in this place.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	4	1	3	

<Author>Doobie718
<Content>There for my wedding!       Our Wedding day on the beach!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amazon73Canada
<Content>Great Location       Main Buffet Hall  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Steve_UK76
<Content>Fantastic Hotel After reading a few of the other reviews, I had a few doubts about this hotel but as soon as we had settled in for a few days, they were quickly forgotton about. What a great hotel!! We got married there and took a party of 22 people. The wedding was on the beach - it was amazing. On arrival we were led into the beautiful lobby area and were all allocated our rooms within 30 minutes. My wife and I had the Honeymoon suite and it was gorgeous. The staff are fantastic and every morning the gardeners and cleaners were out tending to the grounds. They spray the bushes and trees every day and i didn't encounter a single mosquito, which is very unusual for the Caribbean. The food was great - I'm norrmally careful when it comes to the buffet but you could just tell that the food was going to be good, just by the presentation. There are also several other restaurants around the complex - i recommend the Italian and Mexican. The beach is nice and clean and the water is crystal clear. I can't really say anything bad about the place. One of the couples with us did get asked about a timeshare by 1 of the staff - they listened to him for a bit, said they didn't want a share and the guy said ok and gave them a hamper with cigars, champagne and chocolates in it - even the timeshare people are nice :) We did a load of excursions as well and they were also great. My sisters and their friends are already booking up to go next year!!!If you have any questions, please feel free to send me a message  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>eugene_gu
<Content>Great place to be!       Fun trip  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>1947berty
<Content>Ocean Blue Is Terrific We stayed at Ocean Blue from 3/31 thru 4/7 and had a wonderful time. I was a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews but never encountered anything bad. Easy access from the airport via Apple Vacations...Took about 20 min to the resort. Checked in early, around 1030am..Rooms would not be ready till 2pm..Had lunch in the buffet and changed into swim suits, from our carry-on, and hung out at the beach until the room was ready. When checking in, do not talk to the representatives at the small tables to the right of the check in desk...THEY ARE TIME SHARE SALESMEN..Just say NO THANKS and they will leave you alone.When our room was ready, we were happy to note that we had been upgraded. The room was gorgeous, cool with the air conditioning and ceiling fan, and the fridge was stocked with water, pop and beer. I have a very queasy stomache sometimes and took numerous over the counter medicines. NEVER even used them. The food in all the restaurants was great. We ate at Rt 66, the Italian, the Mexican, the one at the Beach, the Dominican and the Buffet. Allhad very good food. We didn't even try the two you had to pay for..There was no need. One thing no one tells you is that the steak restaurant serves appetizers that are included. If you have to wait for a table, sit outside and grab some of the appetizers to have with your drink. Housekeeping was super. ..We took some Hershey miniatures, cosmetic samples and left some of these and $3 for the maid every day. Our room was always made up perfectly and quickly. Fridge was kept stocked, and everything was just great. We did take two excursions...One to the park that was like a small Sea World and the Bavaro Runners. Both were excellent, and we had a wonderful time. If you take any of the tours that stop at the school, bring some supplies from the dollar store and some candy for the kids. They really appreciate it. If you booked through Apple and have any questions, they are really good about helping. I took crayons, pencils, erasers, coloring books, etc...maybe $20 worth and the kids were overjoyed. Both pools were clean and so was the beach. Anyone who says the grounds are dirty are just wacko. I have a problem with sun, and was there for a whole week and didn't burn at all. We always had a shaded spot by the pool in the mornings and the beach in the afternoon. It was just such a relaxing time.We have been on many, many cruises and this time decided to todo the All Inclusive. We would definitely go back to Ocean Blue..If you do, have a Dirty Monkey for me and enjoy yourself.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>loloinoaktown
<Content>Bumped us to another crappy resort! Upon arriving, we were thrilled by the look of the lobby and grounds. However, our excitement soon ended as we were escorted to sit down in the lobby and explained that although we had booked and paid for our rooms, there was not a room for us. We asked to speak with a manager and were told that would not be possible until the next morning. As we sat and initially refused to leave until given rooms as arranged we watched several other groups and couples be checked in to their rooms. Crazy! We finally gave up and were booked in the resort next door, which was of much lower quality. The next morning, we arrived at the scheduled time to see the manager and were told he was in a meeting. This also occurred the next time we showed up as directed. Finally, late in the afternoon we were graced by his presence and he offered a slight discount. It was clear that they really wanted to get us out of the lobby. All hotel personnel were trying to be nice, but most came across as highly patronizing.As a consolation prize, we were given bracelets to use the facilitates of ocean blue. Our time there left us with very mixed feelings about the place. Upon eating in their buffet both me and my partner came down with severe digestional tract issues (both of us have pretty hardy systems generally). The other restaurants that you can order from had thoroughly mediocre food. The breakfast buffet was fantastic. The bartenders and many of the service staff were incredibly friendly and kind. Luis at the pool bar rocks! The beach shade tents are really nice, but be sure to get up before 6am to reserve your spot, everyone else does. DO NOT go to this place. Your paid reservation is not a guarantee that you will actually get a room there upon arrival. Even if you do get a room, the place is not as nice as the pictures would lead you to believe.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	4	1	4	3	

<Author>kdamman
<Content>Give it a shot--You won't be disappointed!!!       Sunrise  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>worldtravellerks
<Content>Overall good at Ocean Blue Just returned Thurs, April 24 from Ocean Blue Resort. Overall, would have to say this is a great resort, good for families, couples, older folks and teens. There are a lot of activities throughout the day to keep you busy if you so desire. Had a little trouble finding shade by the pool as folks did put their towels down early a.m., never to be seen until afternoon... but we survived that!After reading many comments the months prior to going, I was a little apprehensive about being bumped on arrival. Well, unfortunately worst fears came to fruition... but at least we were bumped to a different room, not a different hotel. It is rather irritating when you reserve and pay in advance for a room, and then upon checking in are told there is an issue with the room and is not available for 2 days. The issue was they had someone else in the room. (What's the point of a reservation if they don't reserve the room?) If I had not paid a premium price for a honeymoon suite I probably wouldn't have been so irritated, but to be bumped to a room where your view on the balcony is concrete (literally) unless you stood up...(just what I want to do on vacation) then you had a good view of the pool. Once I got to the room I originally paid for, I was much happier. It's all about the view for me. Which is why I am willing to pay a higher price to get it. And I do believe we eventually got the best view in the resort. But two days of fretting kind of puts a damper on things. Management on the day of our move made my day worse. The original promise of perks to make up for the inconvenience were squelched immediately. Anything we asked for was turned down immediately. Yikes. All we wanted was an extra small bottle of rum. Geez, that would cost them a lot!I really can put up with a lot of things... our maid service was very sporadic, so I simply took towels from their carts that were in the hallways when I needed them. We never had our refrigerator refilled until the day before we were leaving. But we were never more than 25 yards from a bar! Our water pressure was next to nothing... enough to rinse off, but certainly not a power wash! And the A/C in the honeymoon suite never cooled the place, but we had a ceiling fan that kept it comfortable enough. (Our room for the first 2 nights was freezing cold and you could power wash yourself!) So I guess you have a choice... view or comfort! I choose view every time.Even with those irritants, this was a great resort. The pools, the food, the people, overall it was great. I was just glad that I had read some of the blogs over the past few months, so there were no real surprises when I got there. Just the disappointment that some of the blogs were true.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	4	1	

<Author>H00sierMama
<Content>There is no such thing as FREE. Booked the vacation through Apple Vacations and we upgraded to the Elite Club. A word of advice, there is no such thing as free. They say tips are included, but you are in a very poor country where the staff is highly motivated by the money so they expect you to tip them for everything. Even services you take for granted in the US. The fridge is stocked on day one, but if you want it to stay stocked (for free) you have to tip the maid. The drinks are included (it's an all inclusive resort) but you better tip the bartender and make sure he is putting rum in that pina colada or else it will be all sugar and no liquor. If you like breakfast early, forget it and don't fall for the VIP breakfast offer. It's a 2 hour high pressure sales pitch for a time share. It's not a good deal and no we did not fall for it. But a word to the wise--they make a killing if you agree to it. The plumbing was bad in the shower because the water was scalding hot one second then very cold the next, no such thing as lukewarm in the D.R. Caliente o frio!The shows at the theater are very bad attempts to mimic cruise ship entertainment--the staff in the shows can be seen throughout the resort doubling as waiters and babysitters. Interesting!We did get sick--along with most other people at the resort when we went. It could have been the water, but we were very careful not to drink anything but bottled--even to brush teeth. We believe it was the lobster served at El Bucanero--their only beachside dining. It tasted bitter as soon as I ate the first bite. I blamed it on the charcoal grill, until the second and third bite. Then I refused to eat anymore. It was well done, but must have been rancid before it made it too the grill. They don't have the state board of health to keep them from using spoiled foods. Who knows how old that lobster was...I can tell you three days later I am still paying for it.Even if you are feeling up for an adventure as we were, I would find another place to do that--like Puerto Rico. It's a US territory and food is better regulated there. The excursions are more reliable and so is the transportation. There was a strike in the D.R. when we went--so no luck getting to Santo Domingo to see where it all began. Maybe next time--then again, maybe not.If you do take off for the D.R. even after reading this review, remember to keep low expectations and nothing is free.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Travel54321
<Content>Mixed Feelings I was part of a group of 8, five of which were children between 13-2. The first dissapointment was they gave us 2 rooms on the 3rd level of the unit (no elevator). Had to carry a double stroller, usually with the kids inside, up and down 3 flights every time we went out. Everything is far away and you have to take the trolly unless you want to walk a great deal. I read many reviews before choosing this hotel and noticed that quite a few people complained about not having A/C in the room for 2 days. I thought, it must be just a coincidence. Guess what, for our 2 last days (of 7 days), after coming back from a hot day at the beach/pool, we found our rooms with non-working A/Cs - BOTH ROOMS! Of course we complained, but all they did was offer to change our rooms on our last day! Some good points: Food is OK, the pool is great and the beach is one of the best I have seen. Rooms are nice if the A/C works. Shows are ok, kinda cheesy, but at least they make you laugh. Oh, one more thing...The liquor is all bottom shelf, so if you are looking for quality stuff, bring your own or go elswhere.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cold_bluto
<Content>Could have been better We were a group staying at the resort the week of April 11 in villa 5 with a lot of kids. This was our 2nd trip to the DR and first to this reort. I'll break it down and make it easy.The resort - it is beautiful and well kept. Just the right size so access to everything is easy.Staff - As a group that could fend for itself and not having the need for someone to serve us, we found the staff for the most part they to be pleasant and friendly. However, we were sometimes left with the feeling that we were an inconvenience to them. At the photo shop, the young lady who sells and organizes the daily pictures was extremely rude. I guess your supposed to buy all the pics they take, not just the ones you like!!!! Rooms - we had an issue with the AC and sinks when we got to our rooms, but it was fixed promptly and we had no other issues. Definitely pay attention to the recommendation to bring 60 or 100W bulbs. As for the beds, I'm sure Fred Flintstone slept on a softer bed. If you like a very firm bed, this is the place for you!!!! We left a tip daily for the room attendant , asked for extra beer and soft drinks and never got them. Stopped the tipping on day 4. Water was always left on the counter and never in the fridge.Food - We ate mostly at the buffet because of the convenience with all the kids. It was ok , pretty good selection. We also ate at 2 of the a la Cartes. The Mexican was horrible. If you like your food wildly spicy this is the place. Try the appetizer buffet with the beef and salsa. Prepare for the fire and have lots of drinks available. The food off of the menu was palpable at best. No one finished their meal. Route 66 was much better. The steaks are amazing, the Peanut butter and chocolate shake even better. Make sure you have the banana split if you go. Mike's is everything people say about it.Pool and beach - both excellent with lots to do or not. Your choice. Never had a problem getting chairs/umbrella at the pool or cabanas at the beach. The issues with the missing tiles on the pool as mentioned in other reviews is insignificant. The water is perfect and the swim up bars excellent. Ask for Julio's special at the front pool at the end of the day!!!!!Excursions - DO NOT TAKE ANY EXCURSIONS WITH MACAU RANCH ( buggies and horeback riding ), especially if Joel is selling them. He is a liar and the company are a bunch of thieves. What a rip off and scam. Any questions on this pls feel free to contact me.Snorkeling throught  Pelicano  at the beach was a great trip. The banana ride is a hoot. Kids had a blast kayaking, wall climbing, playing volleyball and botchi. If you want to take out the catamaran, you better be a  Capitan . Be prepared to leave a $ 30 deposit for snorkeling at the beach.Shopping - lots of shops beside the resort on the beach. Be prepared to haggle. Offer less than half of original price and go from there. Apparently these guys think they are selling fine jewellery and try to charge accordingly.Golfing is not too bad at the resort course. Don't worry about tee times. They are not that busy. Overall, not a bad place. Just been to better and compare to thoseAny questions, pls contact me.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>NewTravellerToo
<Content>Had a great time at Ocean Blue-Hampton, New Brunswick We stayed at the Ocean Blue from Mar 31 to Apr 7th. This was our first trip to the Dominican, but not our first all inclusive as we've been to Cuba as well. Overall we were very pleased with the resort. We had booked it back in December and started reading up-to-date reviews. Believe me, this is not a horrible place like some people have written. Either they are very picky/hard to please people or have no understanding of what a third world country really is. For easier reading I have broken out different aspects of the resort.Air Travel/Check-in:We travelled with Air Transat, and these economy flights are never a wonderful experience, but again it was expected. Meeting our rep at the resort made up for our travel for sure, Stephanie is wonderful! She is located in the lobby area over by the ladies washrooms. If you are booking any excursions I would definitely book through her. For example, there was a couple that was with a group of people that booked an excursion. They went to pay as they just held their spot originally and turns out they paid the wrong agent after being told they were the ones they should pay. There are 3 tables of different reps so be very careful of this. If it were not for Stephanie these poor folks would have been out a lot of money. She fought the agent next to her on their behalf and got their money back. The booking/payment was supposed to go to Stephanie in the first place.We arrived earlier in the morning and fully expected to not get our room until 3pm, so this was no surprise. Yes we were tired and a little grumpy about the long travel, but we came prepared for it and packed a carry-on and enjoyed the place until our room was ready at 3pm. If you are leaving on a later flight in the evening, you can go up to the reception centre and ask to have a hospitality room to clean up in before you head out. This worked out great, but it's still a pain to carry around a small bag the whole day. They lock up your suitcase in a room off the lobby, so this worked out good.Food:I found the Main Buffet to have a great variety of food for everyone. Yes they have certain dishes they repeat on a daily/nightly basis, but that was expected. You must try the Stir-Fry if they have this set up, it was great! I don't eat eggs often, but most in our group really enjoyed the fresh omelets made for breakfast. So if you don't mind helping yourself the buffet was great. We went to some of the A la Cartes: Route 66, Italian. We enjoyed them, but we found when ordering off the menu we were not really sure what we were allowed to order? So order anything you want as we saw folks order everything they wanted and they didn't seem to tell you that you can only order one item from each group. The Beach Buffet (Red Bldg down beside the beach) also has a nice variety if you don't want to walk back to the Main Buffet for lunch. They have salads, a few main dishes, chicken, hamburgers, hot dogs, french fries, desserts and ice cream. We tended to eat here most afternoons. We never had any problems with the food, but again eat things in moderation as some food can affect you if you are not use to eating it on a daily basis. Same goes with those yummy fruity drinks, watch out that you don't have too many as the coconut mix and banana mix can upset your stomach as well. We had some in moderation and had no problems.Rooms:They were clean and yes some had a musty smell but that is expected the closer you are to the ocean. We brought a nice vanilla plug in and it got rid of that smell within hours. Also, the air conditioner may take a while to kick in as they turn this off as soon as the previous person leaves (card activated) so it may take a whole day to get it cooled down again. When we arrived our room was warm, but by the evening you could feel it cooling down and near the end of the stay it was too cold, so be patient for the first day. If you want to read in your room bring energy light bulbs from home as the lighting is quite dim. We had no problems with water pressure, but the other couple with us did, but it didn't ruin their trip. They will refill your fridge, but you may have to tell them what you want from day one as the will only refill what's been in the fridge in the first place. We asked for pop/water and beer and got it every day. Anything you need extra of: towells, sheets, etc, they will get for you. Our rooms were cleaned before lunch everyday, so it was perfect timing for us. We also had no problems with our safe.Beach/Pool:The beach was clean, and plenty of chairs. We typically went down around 10am and still found chairs in shade. Sometimes you may have to move some around, but there is always a palm tree to help give you shade if you can't get under one of the covers they have set up all over the beach. The water was the perfect temperature, although it was somewhat dissapointing that the swimming area was roped off, but it was for your protection from boats going by and reef areas. The pools are very large and again plenty of seating. It might be a bit harder to get a shade here, but be inventive. There are trees close to the (yellow) pool that can be used as shaded areas. Just need to pull a few chairs together and you are good, plus its fairly close to the swim up bar! We didn't go in the Blue pool, but I'm sure it's just as nice. Yes there are tiles missing and some sand, but if you had seen in the morning how they clean the pool you will understand it's a big job and it can't be perfect when people are coming and going from the beach all day and tracking sand in. I only wish there were more bathrooms close to the beach and pool. There is only one that I found in by the Beach Buffet. Again, nothing serious, just would be nice to having another next to the pool.Internet/Phone:They have an internet shop you can use. It's not terribly expensive, but if you want to check email, etc. quickly it will do the job. If you want to call home, buy a calling card at the resort as we had issues trying to use our personal card via the operator. We tried calling family and twice was connected to the wrong number and got an adult phone line. We brought this up to the customer service, but unfortunately we still had to pay the connection fee, but that's it. Trust me, buy the card there and save some headaches.People to look out for and will give you great service-Pasante, typically serves you the water/drinks at the restaurants and buffet, but when we were leaving she was also helping out at the yellow pool swim up bar. The guys at this bar are awesome and love to mix the drinks. Don't be afraid to tell them what you want, they are pretty good. We had great service everywhere and did tip, but that was our choice. We didn't feel pressure to leave tips, but it was the right thing to do considering they are taking such good care of you.Just go and have a good time, and R E L A X. This is a nice resort and just the perfect size so you don't feel overcrowded at all. You will always have some people not happy, but by reading their reviews you can pretty much guess what they are about. They would probably find fault at any place they went to. If you are looking for 5* value then stay home and travel to a boring regular hotel. This is a different country, thus their star rating is not the same as Canadian or American standards. Enjoy the different culture and be greatful for what you have and that you are able to travel and see these places.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lovestotravelmom
<Content>Great Family Vacation with 4 Kids! We just got back from 6 days at Ocean Blue. Went there April 16-21st. I have no idea why some people write negative reviews--we have travelled to many resorts and our experience at Ocean Blue ranked among our top trips. If you remember that you are in an area that has only been popular for less than 10 years, and if you act considerately and kindly to those that work at the resort, I don't know how you couldn't have a great time.Rather than write a really long review, here's what we thought:*Beautiful property, very spread out, great exercise to walk off meals but a tram takes you all around as well.*The 2 Pools are enormous, you never felt crowded. Swim up bars are wonderful. No problem finding chairs but people definitely put their stuff there early and never come back til late in the day. It's annoying and rude.*Beach is beautiful. Plenty of shade if you want it, we had no problems finding 6 chairs together this time of year.*Our kids were in heaven. Kids are ages 3, 5, 8, 9. They loved the strawberry smoothies at the bars, restaurants and Mike's. There's a rock wall (wear socks and shorts), bungee bouncing (pay $7), use kayak for free, beach vendors--bargain a lot--their first price is ridiculous! Bowling was a big hit as was the mini disco for kids from 8-8:30 every night. They loved learning new dances and playing games for prizes. Our kids never went to the kids club so I can't comment on that. There are guys taking pictures around the beach and pool with a monkey, snake, parrots--our kids loved it and we bought many pictures. You don't have to buy the pics (they're for sale in the photo shop $10 each) and it's a thrill for the kids just to hold the animals. There are also photographers that will do a photo shoot for you with no obligation to buy the pics. They take great shots though--how can you not? All pics (prints, put on cd, memory stick) are $10 each.*Restaurants--we went to the main buffet and beach buffet the most. It was easier for our kids and offered the most choices. If you can't find something you like at the main buffet, you are crazy. We thought it was delicious. Remember, they are cooking for all people from all countries so the food has to cover all bases. I had steak, duck, lamb, chicken, fish--all delicious. Be happy you are not home cooking!! The pizza and roasted chicken at the beach buffet were a big hit with our family. You can get snacks at the beach buffet til 5:30 pm. Chocolate icecream and juices were delicious! We tried the Mexican one night but our kids didn't like it. Tried Rt 66 (Diner) twice and kids liked it a lot. I had delicious ribeye steak, also great chicken sandwich, fried mozzarella, chicken wings, chicken fingers, french onion soup. Didn't try any of the other restaurants.*We had 2 rooms that were very clean and spacious. There were some American tv shows that made my kids happy. We were in building 5, 3rd floor (Apple Vacation). Left tips each day and maid gave us whatever we requested--she was great. No problems at all with hot water or pressure. Room was cleaned by 1 pm each day.In conclusion, we had a fabulous time and I'd go back there again and again. The weather was perfect, the place was beautiful, the food was decent and our entire family made a lot of great memories. My husband says his only negative was that they served Pepsi rather than Coke. I have no negatives but just a warning to those of you that don't speak Spanish.....many of the people employed at the resort do not speak English. Be patient with them. You are in their country and Spanish is their language. Speak slowly, repeat and be nice about it. Learn a little Spanish before you go and it will help a great deal. Go to Ocean Blue, enjoy the sunshine and have a great time!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Christie923
<Content>If you're picky, don't go here...       View from honeymoon suite  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>toyotaecho25
<Content>Awesome resort! My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Blue/Sand from March 31- April 5, 2008. We paid $2600 CND We arrived in Punta Cana at 9:30 pm. Customs and security was a breeze. Very friendly staff.We found our Air Transat rep and he told us to take bus #23.It was a beautiful clean coach bus. We were to drop off people to 4 resorts and we were dropped off first.We went to reception and got our room keys and the cart brought our luggage right away to our rooms.We did notice a musty smell but the next day when it was cleaned the smell was gone.The pool was amazing, some tiles were missing and there was alot of sand in the pool, could have been cleaned more.The beach was amazing. A few topless women. The restaurants were great. You have to be there by 6 pm to stand in line for them to open at 6:30 pm. No reservations needed.I dont know where people think the staff is not friendly, I only saw friendly smiling faces. No language barriers there.The only thing that I would say needs to be fixed is that the shop on the resort which I may add sells viagra, penicillian, only takes cash.Down on the beach are huts, where they sell tshirts, larimar (the stone of the domincan) cigars. They start off high, so bargain. I wanted to buy some jewelery and he said $175 I paid $25. So I was happy.We didnt go on any excursions, just because we didnt want to, but I heard they were great.You CANT go hungry here, if you do, its your fault, there is lots to choose from.I was so impressed with Punta Cana, I cant wait to go back.The grounds are stone and lovely, I brought crocs and flip flops, bring those for sure.Make sure you reserve your chair as early as possible.Other than that, I would go back again to that resort, but I think I will try a different one to see what the others have.If you have any questions feel free to ask.I made a website if you are interested.www.freewebs.com/toyotaecho1963Enjoy this resort, you wont be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>supajenn
<Content>What a great choice!       DR!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>arrecis
<Content>Think twice! I stayed at the resort two nights April 11-13, 2008. The rooms and pool are are clean and nice. Beach area was fine, enough chairs to go around. I have traveled to other resorts and must say this was bad. The staff is horrible and rude. For an all inclusive resort they need to retrain the staff. The staff seems very unhappy to work there and they certainly make you know it! I would never recommend anyone to make the trip here, not worth it. Should have taken the advice from other reviews. Hope you don't make the mistake to spend your time and money at this resort.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	3	1	1	

<Author>ktb33
<Content>Great place and vacation three or my girl friends and i went to the ocean blue from april 3rd to the 10th, this was my third time in Punta Cana, and this was by far the best resort i have stayed at there, previously staying at the IFA and serinis cocotil. Our rooms were great,kept clean we had a few problems our one bed kept falling apart, but we found this to be quite amusing and our air kept clicking but worked great. the property was kept beautiful, we saw the pool being cleaned every morning, lots of chairs. the food was the best ive had out of all the resorts ive been to in punta cana, cuba, costa rica, the drinks were fantastic as well. we did not like the italian resturant, and someone at the resort got food poisioning there later in the week, so stay away from there. buffet was excellet with a fresh pasta and a stir-fry station, beach buffet for lunch was also great, loved the hot dogs. as always in punta cana the staff are very friendly and helpful even with the communication barriors, they will try to accomodate your every need. me and my friends are very easy going, were on vacation so we had an excellent time, would definatly go back!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bearfriend
<Content>not even 3 stars This is one of the worst hotels we have stayed in. There were numerous problems in our room which despite promises were never solved. These included a bedside lamp with live electricity on the base. The only way to get more water/coffee etc for the room was to 1st leave a tip and a note, and even that didn't always work. The beach area was not kept clean, the sand was full of cigarette ends and broken glass. After a firework display the pool was full of bits of firework for the next 5 days, luckily then we went home. The pool area was extremely noisy all day everyday, the music for keepfit etc just went on and on.If you are vegetarian the food leaves a lot to be desired, the only place to eat is the buffet. The wine is the worst we have ever had.There are very pushy salesmen everyday by the buffet at breakfast.The only good point were the fantastic bar staff at the cental bar.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Carolee101
<Content>Almost perfect; if rooms were maintained! This trip was booked for a girl鈥檚 weekend out. We were supposed to be upgraded but I really don't think we were. Our rooms were on the first floor and all 3 rooms were musty, wet and had all kinds of damage to the furniture. I was shocked to hear this resort was only 3 years old. We heard from other guests that the rooms on the 2nd and 3rd floor were much nicer. We had water leaking from our light into our shower. I was a little nervous on getting in the shower while it was leaking on me. A little scary to say the least. The light in the rooms were terrible, someone recommended bringing light bulbs down with us. They use like 20-watt light bulbs so doing your makeup in the room or just trying to read a book was very difficult. However, the food and the service were excellent. The people were friendly and fun and very entertaining. We had a great time when we were not staying in our rooms. This resort is beautiful! Love the pools, love the beach, love the people if only they had better maintenance on the rooms everything would have been perfect.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	1	4	2	3	5	-1	

<Author>17212
<Content>Great Vacation We arrived in Punta Cana on March 31, staying until April 7th. We had only been to one all inclusive resort before, Puerto Plata in May 06. We also travelled with another couple, who had done 3 previous all-inclusives. We booked with Signature vacations.The resort itself was very impressive. We found it to be very clean and well kept. There were many services offered, and the staff was VERY friendly and accomodating. We only speak english, so there was a language barrier at times, but taking the time to make sure you are of the same understanding and being patient and polite with staff proved to go a long way, we never once had bad service. The wait staff works very hard here. The one comment I would make on services is unless you want to leave the resort, make sure you bring enough cash with you, and don't plan on having any larger bills changed for smaller ones on the actual resort. We had a basic room, which was more than enough for what we used it. It was clean and had everything we wanted/needed. I have seen comments on here about things going missing from rooms... we never had any issues, nore did any of the several people we met around the resort, however we did keep our valuables locked in the safe at all times, as recommended. We had requested a King bed when we booked but the resort never got the request. They offered to upgrade us on our third day, but we were settled into the room we had and didn't bother.The food was great, lots of variety and different things to try. The buffet always had full dishes and staff was prompt in service. The resort also offers several themed resteraunts, including Dominican, Mexican, Italian, and American. We found all food to be very good. In our past experience my wife and I had stomach problems after eating, but neither had any issues here.The pool, from what we used it (minimal), was great. There are two huge pools, so lots of room to hop into the water and cool down. It was never crowded. We spend the majority of our time on the beach, which was amazing. We walked the beach for 5 resorts to the north, and over 10 resorts to the south. We found Ocean Blue to have very close to, if not the best, frontage. The beach here is very large with lots of space to spead out. There are also plenty if shaded areas for those who may not wish to test the Dominican sun quite as much. Both the pool and the beach had plenty of beach chairs, finding one was never a problem. If you're on the beach be sure to visit Diesel and Carlos at the bar, they will look after you!!As far as activities, I can't say we participated much around teh resort in those type of things, as we were just looking to relax. We did book the excusion to go to Sting Ray Bay (Carribean Festival) on our last day, which was a great experience. My wife and I had never snorkeled before, but the guides were great, we felt very safe. It was a great experience and I would highly recommend it to anyone. It was the highlight of our trip for sure.I can't think of much more to say really. We booked the trip as a getaway from the grind, just the basic package. We got that and a whole lot more at Ocean Blue/Sand. We would definitely return again, and highly recommend the place to anyone looking for a good stay in the area.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>4eyed
<Content>Great time at Ocean Blue We just returned from Punta Cana. We were there from March 27- April 3. We had a great time even though there were many bad reviews about this resort. We had some mishaps but you make the best out of it. We got bitten by misqutios, so make sure you bring bug spray and anti-itch gel just in case you do get bitten. Also, make sure you wear some bug spray before you go to the vendors on the beach. My husband got diahhrea, so make sure you bring some anti-diahhreals. So, your trip isn't spoiled by being in the washroom all day. We came to this resort for a wedding. The bride and groom had a wonderful day, but there are some things that were unexpected for them. 1. They had to pay for some real flowers 2. They had to pay for the microphone and speaker 3. The cost of the photographer and the photos. It was never clear and there was no contract. So overall it was just additional cost that they were unaware of.Weather: It was sunny and it rained the last day we were there.Problems: Safe was not working but they came in 10 minutes or less to fix it.Food: It was good but after a while everything tasted the same, even the restuarants. We ate at the Dominican, the Caribbean Grill, Mexician and the Italian a la carte restuarants. Mike's coffee was okay. My mocha's tasted like a regular cup of coffee at the buffet.Staff: Friendly and efficient, even when my 2 year was being a terrible 2 year old. Overall, we had a great time with our family and friends. We would recommend this resort to others if they enjoy all-inclusives.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janine1981
<Content>Good hotel, a few problems Overall this is a very good hotel, especially compared to what you might end up with in Punta Cana. The pool and beach are great, the restaurants are perfectly acceptable. I spent 5 days there with two girlfriends in a suite that can accomodate 4-5 people. The problems: some of the rooms are starting to show signs of wear and tear. There were some stains on the furniture/wall; and worst of all we had NO water pressure (literally a trickle in the shower) for our 5 days there. We called housekeeping a few times when we got sick of the tiny trickle of water, but they never came so we just dealt with it.Mostly the staff was great, and we would definitely stay there again (the club was good, etc).  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>travellingwith10
<Content>good - not great! We just returned from our Easter holiday. I believe that any holiday is a good holiday and we are very fortunate to have been able to travel to the Domican Republic this year. However, I must say that having travelled to many all-inclusives, this one was a bit of a disappointment. Our room was adequate, but certainly not spotless - lots of damage to walls/bathroom missing ceiling tiles/sticky stuff???on bathroom floor when we arrived that remained until we left. We feel that this resort is just missing the mark slightly...great location - beautiful beach, nice pools, great lobby,but a few touches need to be tweaked! Need managers in restaurants - service was lacking - seemed to be no organization-staff seemed cranky-we would love to have tipped someone if we had actually gotten any service - the wait staff seemed put-out if/when we had to ask for silverware/drinks/coffee...shows were very amateur - and I know we were in a Spanish speaking country, but found very few staff that we could communicate with. And the watersport people demanded payment for items that were supposed to be included - guess that went right in their pockets - again, we would have been very willing to tip had they been willing to provide the services without being so demanding...all in all, it was not a bad experience, we have just had better!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pittsburghsunlover
<Content>not worth it. my husband and i spent five days/four nights at the ocean blue in early april. i wished we had gone to the bahamas instead.we upgraded our room to a honeymoon suite, which was worth it; it was a very nice room. however, the air conditioning in the room did not work for the first two days and there was water leaking out of the vent above the door. i had read other reviews about this same problem, so i was not surprised. my husband was pissed, though, and wanted to leave the resort and go elsewhere.it was too windy to stay at the beach because the wind was blowing the sand in your face.the pool was very nice, very clean, very big. the food was not so nice. i had rushed toilet syndrome (as they call it down there) after two days - running to the toilet every hour and doubled over in pain. it is now saturday, we have been back since late yesterday and i am still getting stomach cramps and running to the bathroom. i drank only bottled water there, so it definitely was not the water. my husband has the same problem, but not as bad as me.be wary of what you eat at the buffet. most dishes have a sign telling you what it is, but just saying fish is not descriptive enough. what kind of fish? doesn't look like any fish i ever made. vegetable, what kind of vegetable? doesn't look like any veggie i ever saw. etc.the bartenders can make a drink - rum and coke, jack and ginger ale, but if you ask for anything else, you will have to tell them how to make it. also, keep your valuables locked up. i had a pair of sunglasses stolen out of my room (they were sitting on the dresser next to sunblock), and the people in the room next door to ours had a pair of tennis shoes and an ipod stolen. both of the thefts happened the day before we left. (you may want to tip the maid every day to ensure you get to keep all your belongings!!)learn some spanish before you go, as most employees only speak spanish. we don't know any spanish, so it was very hard to communicate. overall, i would not go back, not to that hotel, and not to puntacana. i think it was definitely not worth the money we spent. keep in mind, once you are there, there really isn't anything you can do. you can ask for a new room - you won't get one. you can ask for maintenance - they will come, but won't fix the problem. you can demand they upgrade you to a better room - they will tell you they are full. you get the picture.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>7inohio
<Content>Had a Blast! We took the family (5 kids and one set of parents) for a week at Ocean Blue over Easter. The resort was wonderful! Our kids are still talking about it all, especially the daily opportunities to take pictures while holding the parrots, monkey, and iguana. The pools are very nice and the food actually exceeded expectations. This was the first time any of us had experienced an all-inclusive resort and we would definitely do it again. The service in a couple of the ala carte restaurants was a bit slow, but I attribute that to having a group of nine with 5 children. I'd recommend taking along a sufficient supply of cash (US dollars are best), as we found it somewhat difficult to use the credit card for many things, even in the resort. The buffet restaurant at Ocean Blue was terrific. We had minimal problems with our rooms and the service from all of the hotel staff was excellent and always courteous. This is a very good option for families looking for a nice resort.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheOnlineAdvisor
<Content>All Around Very Good-Detailed Review On Resort Review for Punta Cana-DR-Spring Break 2008Intro- We went to Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic with 18 people total and stayed at the Ocean Blue Resort. We were a bunch of college students on spring break, however this review is very detailed and will give you pointers for traveling to Punta Cana and staying at the Ocean Blue Resort. We stayed for seven days (Sat, March 8-Sat, March 15, 2008). It is about a 30-40 minute bus ride from the airport to the resort in a decent charter bus. My girlfriend and I were in the Elite Club everyone else in our group was not in the Elite Club. Everyone else stayed in Villas 4  5, which is further away from the beach but closer to the lobby and restaurants. The resort has a trolley that takes you around the resort, the ride takes about 15-20mins. **One important item is that once you arrive at Punta Cana, you have to pay $10.00 once you get off the plane and enter the terminal.Elite Club- As I mentioned before my girlfriend and I were the only 2 out of the 18 people who chose the Elite Club. The extra cost was $178 per person but I believed valued at about $215 or more. The Elite Club includes: 30min Catamaran ride, which you get a lesson and are able to take it out for the rest of the week ($22 value). All the values are per person, so since we had two people in the Elite Club we both got two $22 vochers. 30min horseback excursion, Banana Boat ride ($15 value), 30min massage ($55 value), free dinner your choice to any of the two paid-for restaurants (our dinner value was $80). Some other perks with the Elite Club fresh fruit in the room everyday, full liquor bar and stocked refrigerator (FREE). Room-service (Free service, value is $10 per day). 30 min Internet access, personal concierge (We had Limberlina, AMAZING). Example of her service we requested a late checkout she made it works for us and we also had to change our reservations one night. She completely went out of her way to speak with the manager of the restaurant. Again some more perks are 3 cigars for free upon arrival, 2 beach towels in the room. This is a nice perk because if you are not in the Elite Club everyday you have to turn you towel in and get a towel card for the next day to get a beach towel. With the Elite Club no card was necessary and we were able to have more than one towel at a time. On the day of departure for us we were able to store our luggage into Elite Club office so that we didn鈥檛 have to watch our luggage and could relax our last few hours there. With the Elite Club reservations to the restaurants you can only chose for 6:30 or 9pm dinner reservation sucks, but we liked eating at 9pm with all 18 of us so it worked out well for us. You get two free games of bowling and lastly check in and check out, you go to the VIP office. They have drinks and food, the ladies there sit down with you and explain all the free stuff you get and really do a great job. After that all said in done, the Elite Club was worth it, I truly believe you get better treated by being in the Elite Club and I would recommend it to anyone staying at the Ocean Blue Resort.Apple- We booked through Apple Vacations, very impressed with their service. There was an Apple Rep at the resort the entire week. She confirmed our flights for leaving, handled excursions through Apple, and gave a brief 30min briefing the second day.Ocean Blue Resort- Overall the resort is very clean, NOT speaking about the beach but the resort itself. The one thing that impressed me the most was every day the employees washed the walkways, stone ways, and around the pools with soapy water and brushes. They really took care of the landscaping, very clean!Convenience Store- They do have a little shop at the resort to buy souvenirs, t-shirts, stamps, sunscreen and snacks.Cigar Shop- The resort has a cigar shop with real cigars. Most of the vendors along the beach sell fake cigars; buy our cigars at the Cigar Shop at the resort!ATM- There is an ATM at the resort but you can only get Pesos out of the ATM, if you need to take out American money you can do so by going into the casino and taking money out there. Once again you CAN take American money out at the casino.Casino- Very little casino not like Las Vegas but nice. They have slots, roulette blackjack, poker, however they do not have craps.Disco Bar- Was a fun place to dance, tons of music and there was a lot of competitions at the Disco bar (beer drinking contest).Shows- Kind of like Broadway shows, they try but decent shows to see. Saw Chicago, a magician, Rock and Pop Show, and Coppa Cabana.Room- We stayed in Villa 10, first floor facing the pool (amazing view). The room was clean but always room for improvements. BRING 100-watt light bulbs. There are 3 lights in the bedroom and 2 lights in the bathroom that can be replaces. The bulbs that they use there are 22 watts bulbs not very bright. Everything worked properly and the bathroom was cleaner than the room. No bugs, a couple of tiny mosquitoes but we brought mosquito spray. We did not use the safe we brought an expensive motion sensor laptop lock. However our maid service was very honest numerous times we left $5 and $10 bills on the dresser and the maids never touched them unless we put a note staying 鈥淭ip for the maid.鈥?We tipped the maid $2-4 daily and there is a nightly turn down service. You can break larger bulls for smaller bills in the lobby. The rooms have a big closet, with ironing board and iron. If you are in the Elite Club they provide robes and slippers. The TV has American stations; ESPN, CNN, USA and TBS. Large Couch to lay on, big bed, dresser with 6 drawers, nightstand. In the Bathroom there are two sinks, glass shower, jaccuzi, which worked fine for us, not dirty at all. Hairdryer was provided, plus soap, shampoo, etc. We brushed our teeth with bottled water everyday, usually about 6 bottles of water in the room at all times. When the maid would clean she would sweep, mop the floor, organize, take our trash, scrub toilet, shower, tub, sinks and refilled everything!Bars- There are several bars there to enjoy; lobby bar, pool bar, sports bar, tiki bar (on the beach). The drinks are very strong; recommend the Ocean Blue and the Bahamas Mama drinks. The lobby bar was the best for our group; live music, spacious and we really enjoyed that bar! Tipping at the bar gets you no where, unless you sit in the same seat for 4 hours they will then remember you. However we tipped at the bar every once and a while. They do enjoy the tips there but again not necessary. The bar serves beer in small glass or plastic cups; I suggest you bring a large thinsulated mug, which they will fill that up for you. They do have top shelf liquor, it hides behind everything else, you just have to ask for it. They have presidente beer there, that鈥檚 the DR beer, kind of taste like Coors. However one the second night I found out that they has Corona and Bud light, once again you just have to ASK for it!Beach- The beach was clean however dirty in some places if you ask me. Like straws and cigarette butts. The employees there on the beach could rake the little garbage up. There is a good amount of seaweed on the beach at the Ocean Blue resort. Around the afternoon times they rake the seaweed that has washed up on the beach and get rid of it. The waves are not very big where we were, if you walk down the beach a little you will notice the waves are a lot bigger as they hit the shore. The water is clean and is about 2-4 feet deep about a mile out. Chairs were never a problem for us, but someone in our group was usually up at 8-9am and we had 15 chairs everyday. The canopies were usually the first spots on the beach to go. There is a lot of European bathing there!!! The beach is windy for the most part, more in the afternoon and evenings, winds 10-15mph. No one really hassled us on the beach, some people do come onto the beach to sell you stuff, just say no thanks and they leave you alone. We did see the timeshare people but since we were a younger crowd for Spring Break they didn鈥檛 speak to us. We did notice them talking to older people walking along the beach and taking up there time. You can walk up and down the beach as long as you are with someone. To the left of the ocean blue resort there are 30-40 shops that you can deal with them. Use my equation to deal with them. (Original Price divided by 2 and subtract $3) An example would be if there was a t-shirt for $20 American money, divide 20 by 2 you get $10 subtract $3 dollars you now get $6. $6 is what you should pay for the final price. Why Subtract $3, well the American Dollar equals 33 pesos. They are getting a lot more for the American dollar. 2 days out of the week the resort allows outside vendors come to the resort to sell stuff. You can deal with them and they are usually there from 5-9pm. Annoying if you ask me because you have to walk through them to get to the lobby bar and to the restaurants. These really haggle you to try and buy something; again the cigars are fake at this, so please buy from the cigar shop at the resort.Beach Entertainment- You can rock climb for free, take of 1 or 2 people canoes for free, and free boggy boards. They have horseshoes to play, beach volleyball and soccer nets. You can borrow volleyballs there at the Excursion Building. All kinds of excursions we just did scuba diving because all the guys were certified but you can get certified there if you wish too. The beach staff really wants you to play volleyball, compatetions every like obstacle course, egg throwing contest, etc. Around the pools they have water aerobics, dance compatetions, water balloon compatetions, etc. They also have some type of animal every day to get your picture taken with. (Monkey, snake, and parrots are the ones we saw).Pools- They have to very big pools, yes there are some tiles missing but the tiles are like 2X2 tiles and the hundred that are missing you really don鈥檛 notice because there are probably over a million little tiles in that pool. They have to very nice swim up bars, water volleyball net in one of the pools, which we played everyday. The water in the pools are very warm and the deepest part of the pools was 4ft deep. Lots of chairs that surround the pools as well. Restaurant- Anyone can make reservations to the restaurant not just the Elite Club. After our first night waiting for over 2 hours we decided from that point on that we made reservations and it worked out very nice for us. The food is ok, not like American food, they use a lot of oils in and on there foods. However it could have been worse. Some of the restaurants are: Route 66-American restaurant, Spanish restaurant, Dominican (which you have to wear long pants for the guys), Mikes Coffee Shop-excellent service, must try the coffee! The Italian restaurant (once again the guys have to wear long pants), the Caribbean restaurant (which is one of two restaurants you have to pay for and also the guys have to wear long pants). That was the restaurant my girlfriend and I used our free dinner voucher for. The last restaurant is on the beach-Seafood restaurant, once again the guys have to wear long pants and this is the second restaurant you have to pay for. Finally there are 2 buffet places. One right behind the restaurants, you can get breakfast, lunch, and dinner there. The other buffet if out on the beach you can only get certain things for breakfast there starting at 10:30am and lunch is served there but for dinner the restaurant is the seafood restaurant, which you have to pay for.Spa- our massages were very good, better than what I expecting for. Clean and nice place had a lot of amenities and services.Bowling and Arcade- We did not do this because you can bowl in American, but the place looked nice from the outside.Weather- We had perfect weather no rain all week. High to low 80s!!!Punta Cana Airport- The airport was very nice. They have an American Wendy鈥檚!!! They have a duty free shop, which you can get liquor, cigars, cigarettes, perfume, sunglasses, etc.USA 3000- When we all book through Apple Vacations the flights were through USA 3000. Three and half hour flight, you gain an hour on the way down lose an hour on the way back to Philadelphia, PA (the airport we flew in and out of). They had in-flight movies.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>jcrucil
<Content>Casual Family Friendly Resort This place has many great features, including:1. A post-card perfect beach with amazingly warm clean water. Yes, they clean the seaweed. Yes, the beach can be closed due to storms. Yes it can be windy. But it is warm turquoise water with palm trees and plenty of miles to walk. Isn't this why you came here?2. Two superb pools with lots of fun features for kids. The market sells inflatable pool toys, tubes, and loungers from $8-$25.3. A reliable, varied, and healthy main buffet restaurant. Lots of international and Dominican options, variety for those with eating restrictions or diets, tasty options for everyone. We were never bored at breakfast, lunch or dinner. There is also a second buffet near the beach but it's open mostly for lunch and snacks.4. Decent a la carte restaurants. Nothing spectacular but a nice change.5. A quiet, family-oriented atmosphere with not too many rowdy folks or idiots. Felt okay to let the kids go from one area of the resort to another by themselves- it's enclosed and lots of security on the beach (perhaps because it's next to the market stalls on the beach?). You don't notice other resorts around since it's on the point.6. Birds! Flamingoes, cranes, ducks, and some smaller birds, and geckos, but since the resort sprays for mosquitoes, there are not as many birds as there should be. Some geckoes and puppies at the beach too.7. Rooms are spacious (the daybed in the standard room was huge so the rooms could comfortably sleep five people) and well appointed. Hit or miss on restocking the fridge with beer no matter what we did, but there was always lots of bottled water and pop.What would I change?Someone needs to make a policy for greedy people who stake out pool chairs and cabanas at five in the morning, claim ten of them, and then never sit there. It was really irritating and a regular occurence. I saw one lady claim five chairs and a cabana at the beach and then do the same thing at the pool. Enough of that rant.It's a great place to stay as a family!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ambermillie
<Content>Fabulous Holiday Having read some of the mixed reviews on this site, coupled with the customer satisfaction details in a brochure we had reviewed we were a little apprehensive prior to our departure. What a surprise we had in store. All aspects of the holiday with the exception of the reception staff were excellent. All other hotel staff members whether it be the chambermaids, ground maintenance or restuarant personnel were courteous and never passed you by without a cheery greeting and great big smile. The beach was fabulous, clean white sand with crystal blue water and you can walk for miles (great way for getting the legs nicely tanned)! Food excellent, great choice, something for everyone. Pop along to Mike's Coffee Bar for one of the best strawberry smoothies you will find. Although no cheesecake displayed, ask for cheesecake, you will not be disappointed. The complex was large with beautifully kept grounds and the accommodation was clean and spacious with a good sized balcony. We will be returning.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>daisybunnie
<Content>Don't worry Be happy Ocean Blue is wonderful We were worried about all the negative reviews but don't worry -- Ocean Blue is a wonderful resort!My husband and I just got back from a one week trip from 3-22 to 3-29. We stayed in a junior deluxe suite w/ elite club. We did feel the elite club was well worth it, with free massages, free activities, the availability to make reservations at the restaurants, etc. THE FOOD: Was excellent! The buffets at breakfast and lunch provided a huge variety of food. We ate at every a la carte restaurant with the exception of the seafood one, and they were all good. Our favorites in order were: the italian, the mexican, the spanish (el bogodin, requires a supplement but we got it free with elite club). Route 66 and la brasa were just ok, and the dominican restaurant my husband loved but the 2nd trip there i got something i didnt like so it just depends on what you order. And Mikes did have good coffee, but the desserts were the same as on the buffet. The one drawback of food is if you eat at the a la carte restaurants, you pick a meat and you always get mashed potatoes and carrots with it -- every time. They are good but by the end of the week at bit much.THE ROOMS: Our room was wonderful, our fridge stocked every day with what we had asked for, our room was cleaned once to twice daily. No problems with bugs. Lighting was dim but not problematic. Rooms are humid but that is anywhere you go in the carribean, its the climate, not the hotel.THE POOLS: Huge, clean, gorgeous! TIled with one-inch blue tiles, yes there are a few of millions missing, mostly in the activity pool, but that is bound to happen with one-inch tiles.THE RESORT OVERALL: Gorgeous, very clean, bug-free, wonderful beachTHE ENTERTAINMENT: A little amateur-ish but it gives you something to watch every evening.Overall, the resort was wonderful - no worries on this trip!We also went on four excursions: Santo Domingo, Shark/Stingrays at the Manariarium, Bavaro Splash, and Deep Sea fishing. Bavaro Splash was fun but the others were not worth the money to us. If you have any questions about the resort or excursions feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ironcandle
<Content>Ocean Blue Golf and Beach Resort We went to Ocean Blue the first week in February of 2008, and I am really regretting this vacation. The biggest annoyance about the resort is that it is basically a week long Real Estate Seminar. You are hounded every day about time shares as you go to the cafeteria, and they bring in local vendors to sell trinkets and crafts. The vendors chase you around and are very aggressive, and some are even insulting. Living in Atlanta, I was hoping to get away from these kinds of people on vacation, but found that they are even worse at this resort.The food was not that great, but they did have a few dishes that were good. The problem was, that people who had arrived earlier knew which dishes were good and hit those first, leaving the less desirable stuff for the newcomers. Once you figure out which dishes to get, and when to get them, it was a little better.The beach was crowded. There were more people on the beach than on a city street, some of which were selling you stuff, or begging for the small vials of cologne or perfume that travelers rely on now. The water was pretty, and the pools were nice, cold, but nice. One problem the umbrellas had was that the pins that hold up the canopy were missing in many of them, so guests had to use sticks or ink pens to hold up the canopies. There was no night life to speak of, and the restaurants close earlier than they should. The pools also closed also, and the beaches are patrolled. It seemed more like a minimum security prison farm than a vacation resort. I would not recommend this location to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blk47rs
<Content>Peaceful Oasis       The grounds  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lovetotravelWindsor
<Content>Great Resort My husband  I, 9 year old daughter, and 6 year old son stayed at The Ocean Blue from Jan 17/08 until Jan 28/08. We are from Ontario and were meeting friends from British Columbia. I did all the research  decided on this resort. I was very concerned about all the negative reviews, but thankfully they were not true in our case.We booked our resort through Sky Auction, and booked our flight separately through another internet booking site. This is our third year in a row to the Punta Cana area. Each time we have stayed at a different resort. We have liked all three, and could pick  choose individual things at each resort that we prefer. Saying this, our stay at the Ocean Blue was great and I would have a hard time finding a negative.Because we booked our flight  resort separately, we were responsible for our transfers to  from the airport. This is our second year doing it this way and we actually prefer it. No waiting around for other passengers and no stopping at other resorts. We walk out of the airport  get a cab, and off we go. I believe it was $35.00 US for the cab ride.When we arrived at The Ocean Blue, they advised us that they were full for the night  they would have to send us to another resort for the night. We have been bumped from a resort before, and have been more than compensated, so, although we could have argued  carried on, we decided to take the bump for the night  enjoy checking out another resort. Our concern, however, was that our friends from British Columbia were arriving the next day, and we wanted to be assured that we would indeed be getting a room the next day. Danilo, the front desk manager, assured us that we would and my husband shook his hand and asked for his word that we would get a room the next day.After spending the night at another resort, (which was definitely inferior to the Ocean Blue), we returned the next day to Ocean Blue, and sure enough, true to their word, we had a room. We stayed in Villa 5 on the Ocean Blue side, on the third floor. We were over looking the back of the resort instead of the pool and were going to ask to be moved the next day. However, because our room was in perfect working order, we decided to leave well enough alone and stay put. Our room was great. It was cleaned very well every day. Our fridge was stocked with water, pop, and yes, one or two beers every day. We were given more than enough towels every day and even got wash clothes. (As this is my third resort in Punta Cana, I bring my own dollar store washclothes, because we never got washclothes at the other resorts). Our shower worked well, although it was only warm, not hot some nights, but never cold. We asked the maid to make up the couch for my daughter which she did. We used the safe from some documents, but used other hiding places as well, so as to avoid any problems. However, we never had any problem with things going missing from our room. We did leave the maid a couple of dollars most days, but not every day. One day our patio door was left unlocked after cleaning. Our friends were on the first floor, and theirs was left unlocked a few days in a row, before they put a big note on it. After that, no problem. Something to be aware of.We did have to call maintenance the last day of our stay. Our children were fiddling around with the safe, and there must be a safety, because after keying in the wrong numbers a few times, the safe locked itself  we couldn't get in. We called the front desk, expecting to wait a long time for somebody to come, but they arrived withing 20 minutes  re-programmed our safe  we were all set.The beach is great. We are sun people, not shade people, so we never had a problem getting a chair. If you want shade, it seemed that you had to go down a bit earlier. The resort was full when we were there, but there were plenty of beach  pool chairs available at all times of the day. Beach towels were always plentiful too.The breakfast buffet was good. Lots of options. My only complaint would be I found it difficult to get coffee in the morning. It seemed you would have to ask five times before you could get a cup of coffee. It would be nice if they had a self-serve coffee area.We were approached by time share people, but never harassed and just politely said no, we weren't interested.We ate lunch mostly at the beach buffet, which was more than adequate for lunch. They had burgers, hot dogs, pizza, chicken, paella, salad stuff, etc. Use your imagination to change things up a bit so you don't get bored. We ate lunch one day at the main buffet because it was rainy. There was more selection.Dinner ..... I loved not having to make reservations for the a la cart restaurants. We ate at all the included ones  for the most part liked them all. Our favorites were the Italian, Mexican  the included one near the beach. Somebody told me that beef  pork are their specialties,  I will say I was very happy with any beef  pork dishes I ordered. The appetizer bars at both the mexican  italian were great  were a meal in themselves. The crab ravioli at the italian was delicious. We enjoyed not having to make reservations, because we could wander down when we wanted to, take a look at the buffet, and then decide where we wanted to eat. We never waited more than 10 or 15 minutes for a table  there were 8 of us every night for dinner. The kids really enjoyed route 66, especially the chocolate milkshakes. One night at the buffet, we were pleasantly surprised to have grilled lobster tails. They were delicious.The sports bar  lobby bar were great. Every day except for one, we were able to get bottled beer, usually Corona, Bud or Bud light. Also, they had a lot of top shelf liquor. I drank Bailey's, Malibu rum, Absolute vodka, etc. This is the first all inclusive I've been to that you could get bottled beer  top shelf liquor without upgrading to Elite. Mike's coffee shop is everything everybody raves about  more. It really is hard to believe that it is included in your all inclusive. It is a really unique  nice touch.The bowling alley was a hit with the kids. You must have socks for the bowling alley. The rock climbing well was open for most of the day, except for 2 hours over lunch. The last time we were at a resort that had a rock climbing wall, it was only open for 1 hour per day, so the long hours of the climbing wall was a nice surprise. You must wear shoes on the rock climbing wall, as well as be dry. You either have to have your own shoes, or have socks to wear with the shoes that they provide. The kids did go to the kids club a couple of times, and although it seemed it was geared more for younger children, ours did enjoy it. It was a nice cool break from the hot beach. They had popsicles, cotton candy, popcorn, depending on the day.There is a soccer area on the beach with nets. You can get balls, boogie boards  other beach things at the sports desk to use.We enjoyed the casino at night, except that they had an electrical problem  it was closed for the last half of our stay. Oh well, we saved money.The vendors come a couple of times a week at night. Be careful. They are very aggressive. Don't pay anywhere near what they are asking. I had a bunch of stuff I wanted to buy  he told me $150. I offered $20  ended up paying $25. I'm sure they still made money.NOTE: If you like coffee make sure you buy lots to bring home. The gift shop in the resort sells it for only $3.50 U.S. per pound. The huts on the beach start at $10 U.S. per pound. This coffee is by far the best coffee I have ever tasted. This year we brought home ten pounds, and could have used more. You can purchase it in bean form or ground form.The other concern I would like to bring up about the resort is how extremely slippery it is when wet. We had a few days of rain off  on and every single floor is extremely slippery. In particular the hallways in the villas. The maid was working feverishly to mop  keep up with the rain, but it was impossible. Our friend's son slipped in the lobby bar and cracked his head pretty good on the marble. Be very, very careful on all the floors when they are wet.We did not see any of the shows although I heard there were some good ones. We spent very long days on the beach  didn't finish dinner in time to catch the shows.To summarize. We loved this resort. The food was good. Not one of us had stomach issues. The drinks were great  plentiful. The bartenders were extremely attentive to the kids which I appreciated. I will say some of the wait staff were not as friendly as other resorts I've been to, particularly the morning breakfast staff, but not enough of an issue to not return. The resort we went to last year had an over the top friendly staff, so perhaps we are comparing to that. We loved the sports bar  the lobby bar, as well as the beach bar. The a la carte's staff were great  we truly enjoyed the food. We would definitely, definitely return to this resort!!! There really is nothing we can complain about  I would highly recommend this resort to anybody. It is not too big,  not too small. There were never any areas that seemed crowded, although it was at capacity while we were there. If you are scheduled in this resort, go  have a great time.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>katrinawisconsin
<Content>All around beautiful resort My husband and I stayed at the ocean blue for one week 3/12. This resort is beautiful, we stayed in bldg 4, 3rd floor, poolside. The grounds are very pretty and tropical. Lots of color. the caribbean is so gorgeous. pools are well kept and large. tons of chairs to lounge on. food was good. ate at the mexican, italian, and route 66. buffet was good also with tons of options. really great property. the staff is great and very helpful.coming from wisconsin this resort was truly paradise for us. booked through apple and everything went smoothly. i am rather picky about vacation accomodations and this place really measured up. the room was so nice tropical colors comfortable king bed, large marble bath. no complaints. feel free to visit the ocean blue you'll love it. kscipior@yahoo.com  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IzzyNewJersey
<Content>Worth every penny I'll make it short and sweet:Pro's:-Nothing better than clear blue Caribbean water.-Room was great. This is a newer resort so it is very modern.-Activities-Staff was very friendly-Dance club and shoppes on site-Price was unbeatable. I went through a travel agency through Miami and they get me a spectacular deal.-Food wasn't that bad at all. The best one's are the Dominican restaurant, Italian, and the breakfast buffet was great!Cons: Not many!-Pool water was too warm.-No broadband internet in room.That's it!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hockeymomtecumseh
<Content>Fantastic At The Ocean Blue March 4-11th stayed at the OCEAN BLUE BEACH  GOLF PUNTA CANA2 ADULTS 2 CHILDREN 8  11We too read alot of the reviews prior to leaving--and were quite concered.However we had A WONDERFUL timeThe food was fantastic-- we tried all of the included restaurants and did not feel the need to try the ones not included.We did not have anyone at all approach us about time share??Our children did not attend the KIDSCLUB so I cannot comment. they did not feel the need-- there was enough to do at the beach and pool area for them. I did bring beach toys for them from home and our own snorkel gear.Beach area was clean- I also made sure that we disposed of anything we brought to the beach( common courtesy)we are planning a trip back next year along with more family members.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>obsid
<Content>Beware Very unprofessional Staff and Management At the start the front desk people would't even consider trying to get our rooms together as was requested. As the kids ranged from 14 to 18 we thought this important for safety reasons. . Most of the week was ok.. Grounds were nice food ok Staff seemed alright. Last evening there my niece went to her room which was in the next Villa from us Hers #5 ours #4 too far away. She realized she didn't have her key and seen a security person or Bell Boy not sure which but was in uniform. She asked if he could help her and he checked his list she seen her name on it and her room number. He said sure and used his pass key. He opened the door for her and she turned and realized he followed her in. He pushed her down and pulled down his pants she begged him to leave and said I have a boyfriend please leave. She punched him in the head and I guess that made him realize or come to his sences but he left . She tried calling us but we couldn't understand her. Next thing I know she was at our door. We called the front desk and they came to our room. We asked them to call the police But they said they had to investigate first. We explained what happened but we realized that they were not going to do a thing and they didn't We never heard another thing from them and they new we were leaving in the morning . You can't tell me they didn't know he used his pass key. So on our last night there our whole vacation was ruined .  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	1	3	3	

<Author>tutupr
<Content>One of the Best Places 2 Stay @ Santo Domingo       at mike's  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>PaulaJD
<Content>Great Beach Vacation       We call this Walmart  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>GamPo
<Content>Great Fun - Huge Pools, beautiful beach       Very large pool  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>thedileos
<Content>Hola (Not so Good) My husband and I just got married on the beach at the resort. We also honeymooned here as well. We traveled in a group of 12. When my brother-in-law arrived he was told the resort was over booked and had to go to another hotel. P.S... He had a conformation # for the Ocean Blue.We had no A/C. Our refrigerator worked when it wanted to. There was a water leak that kept leaking , and nothing was done about it. Also....this was the honeymoon suite. The maids would just walk in w/ out knocking. The food was not to good, the coffee shop was nice. The only good thing is that they kept the grounds nice, and the beach was beautiful. Please read all the reviews before making the mistake we did. Good Luck!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rshoe
<Content>ocean blue review - honest answers. We stayed at the ocean blue Feb 24 - March 2nd. We have been to xstapa and houtoulco the past two years so that is the only comparison I have. Everything went pretty good and the beach is the best ever. The ocean is beautiful! I think it's more commercialized than Mexico for sure. The food was the best ever. They had so many choices and it's more americanized so you didn't get sick of it at all. If you have any specific questions just ask. You will have a great time. Try the Sammy Sosa drink!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KandP_World_Trips
<Content>Great weather  My wife and I stayed in a poolside Jr Suite(very limited ocean rooms available -but thats OK) from Feb 29th-Mar 5th. Upon leaving PUJ airport (45min busride) we entered a very impressive lobby area, with marble floors, tall ceilings, fountains, and floral plants to give a calming island feel. The lobby bar, was actually one of the best places to mingle after dinner with live music.Overall, we were stunned by the impecible service throughout the resort. Each staff member was cheerful and respective of the fact that we are travelers on our vacation. The pool and pool deck was kept very clean and the beaches had equally our same review. Food:The Breakfast buffet had all the fixing you could ever want (Omlette station, pancake station, cereals, fresh juices and fruit, all sorts of salads, deli meats, quiches, and a variety of Dominican cuisine)Lunch Buffet was good, not great at the Beach Grille. We found the Main Buffett(La Tortuga) was much better. Again, fresh fruits, variety of salads - if you couldn't find it - they dont make it)DinnerThe dinners were not great in the beginning, and we found them to get better as our stay progressed and asked other vacationers their opinions. MOST, All inclusives do not offer 5 star cuisine, so having said that we enjoyed the following out of 9 restaurants:1. Grandma's House (Dominican cuisine)2. El Bodegon (stop by to get free Tapas to snack on. You may also order a bottle of wine and sit outside to enjoy it. What you don't finish you can cork it up and take it with you to another restaurant or your room.)3. Mikes Coffee Shop - Great cappucino and desserts.4. Margaruita - Traditional Mexican Reservations are required for the Beachside restaurant Bucanero and El Bodegon. Long pants(men) are required, as well. There are additonal charges for bottles of wine and dinners at these two restaurants. If you go thru the H10 resort breakfast seminar (where they try to sell you a vacation package) you can politely let them know you are not interested. Be humble about it and they will offer you a choice of a complimentary lobster dinner at Bucanero or a 30 min massage.LUGGAGE American airlines had lost my wife's luggage for 2 days, this is somewhat common, from what we heard. At the airport, (since we have had a little history of lost luggage), we knew to file a claim and report it to the PUJ lost luggage staff. Ocean Blue's Guest services were very helpful in speaking to the PUJ staff and retaining our luggage. BOTTOM LINE: If you have to check luggage, on connecting flights, MAKE SURE 1) You pack a carry-on bag with the following: swim suits, toiletries, sun screen, clothing(2 day supply), medication, jewelry, and cameras/film. 2)When traveling as a couple, pack 1/2 of each of your clothes in each suitcase. This way, if the airline loses one bag of luggage or both you have a backup plan.)Overall the resort was very nice - well kept and staff was curtious and friendly. We enjoyed it very much and would go back. The ocean is beautiful! Very nice sandy beaches and a lot to do at the resort (water sports, rock climbing, etc.)  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>andersww
<Content>Had a GREAT time at the Ocean Blue Arrived at this resort and had a wonderful time. We were there for a wedding and it went off without a hitch. The resort was running at 100% capacity, and the problems we had were minor for the most part. The big issue we had was the bellhops lost my daughters luggage for about four hours. Another transfer bus picked up luggage without checking to see if it was incoming or outgoing. There was a lot of confusion with the bellhops, as they do not want you taking your luggage into the hotel for check in, but they do not seem to sort out what is coming in and what is going out, Other than this issue, the food was good, and the staff was always friendly and helpful. Although there were a couple of small things with the room, ( battery in the door lock died, and the sink stopper was broke), with the full capacity of the hotel, these were minor inconvieniences. Having stayed at other 3 4 star hotels for work, these were almost not worth mentioning, but just being honest. We are deffinitly going back to this resort , as we had a wonderful time,  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Colleen10475
<Content>We stayed at Ocean Blue 02/25 to 03/02/08 - Loved it!!!!! First of all, let me tell you there were many times I came to this site to read reviews and you know after you spend money on a trip then read bad reviews it starts to make you doubt you'll have any fun.We went with a group from a local radio station, I was impressed the minute we got off the bus. I had read all the bad reviews as well as the good ones.First we stayed on the third floor in villa 4 which was an excellent room, clean, no smell that people keep talking about, stocked daily, our towels dried just fine in our room, maids kept the room very clean, I did not need 100 watt lightbuls altho I did bring them, the tub with the jacuzzi was wonderful and I am very picky about things like that and it was amazing!!Checked my sheets as someone had written they were grey and didn't look washed, each day we were there our sheets were white and clean.The staff - very helpful, willing to bend over backwards for you!The lobby bar is a lot of fun! The pool bars are fun also, the pool bar closest to the beach is the one we hung out at most of the time and the bartenders are so fun!!The food, was the best we've ever had at an all inclusive. If you like pasta make sure you check out the pasta bar in the buffet restaurant - EXCELLENT!!We've stayed at the iburostar parisio del mar in Riveria maya, the food I thought was awful there, and we stayed at the Barcelo in Ixtapa food was a little bit better but Ocean Blue had the best so far.The buffet by the beach had lunch buffet - chicken, pizza, burger, french fries, hot dogs just tons of food. I'm sure anyone traveling knows better than to expect the food to taste just like at home. This is a third world country. We also took acidopholus pills with each meal.We went to the Mexcian restaurant, route 66, the steak place, and mike's coffee shop all were very good. We had steak and lobster at the steak place - again very good!The pool bar and beach areas unbelievably clean!! My husband and I had massages near the pool, it was $75 for 55 min, they did a great job, my husband had never had a massage before and we both truly enjoyed it.We had a great experience at the Ocean Blue resort and I would recommend it to anyone looking for somewhere nice, the waters are truly blue and the sand white. We were never bothered by timeshare people - not sure why as I expected it from reading these reviews.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Chelseabean
<Content>If you stay there, make sure you are on the third floor.......       Beach  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>1703a
<Content>don't go there we got a package through expedia and were very much looiking forward to this vacation. Mom is very sick and I decided to take her out to the blue water to spend a week together.The reception area had some nice people and after explaining my situation Quadeliza and Carlos were very accomodative and gave us very nice room near the sea. THe building there the higher the number (they have 10 buidlings all together) the closer the buidling is to the sea.The beach was good, and the water is beatiful. However, because of the sun, you want to find a shade and there were only 10 shades on a beach (and over 200+ people), so don't think you can find a shade. Everything being taken as of 6am....The local people (who sell stuff) are tipping the security guys on a beach and are allowed to come to the hotel territory, so be careful with the things you are leaving on a beach....Food in the hotel was below average and there were huge lines (to get an egg in the morning 15 minutes waiting line). There was not too much of a choice for fruits (pineapple, watermelon and passion fruits mostly), papya occasionally, no coconuts. Restorants are OK, but 2 of them you have to pay out of your pocket and they are not cheap. $40.00 per person not including drinks...There was only one good place to eat - coffee shop. The cappuchino was great and cheese cake too.Night entertainment was below average, except one night Chicago show and illusionist who came in - there was nothing intersting to see.There is only 1 swimming pool and it was always full of people.The drinks - were not good. The barmans are constantly looking for tipps and were mixing unproportionaly and not under the recepies. So, I would reccomend to bring a whole bag of $1.00 tips, but even then $1.00 was nothing to them, as they were looking for more....Houskeeping did a very poor job, none of them speak English and my jacuzzie was never cleaned once, so as the balcony that had a whole bunch of dead bugs...Towels were giving 2 at a time, and there was never enough of them, so we were constantly asking for them.Linen was never changed once.....I could compare this resort to other I've visited and can tell absolutely for sure, it was the worst one evern.The owners of this place dont' care about reputation, they want to get money back, and therefore the quality of a customer service and everything else has a reflection of that.Also, there are some people who were grabbing a tourists and were asking them to follow them as they promissed to show the resourt and give a good gifts - don't do this, as this was just a waist of our time and simply a time share offering where we lost 3 horus of our time and got screamed at because we didn't pay them $1500 they were asking for.SO, to summarize my trip, I should of say, that it was OK, but not what we were looking forward to.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	-1	5	2	-1	

<Author>tiggernewbrunswick
<Content>great time went on feb 23-march 1...great resort....much nicer than the gran ventana in peurta plata last year. grounds beautiful, beach awsome...food not to bad. plenty of strong drinks..the breakfast buffet had champagne and stuff to make bloody marysevery day. the smoked salmon at breakfast was my favorite. all the top liquors there including bailys ect. lots of bars. went to all the a la carte resturants...but like the buffet just as much.mikes coffee shop was great.. dessrts there were top notch .the staff was good. had no problems with room or safe ect. weather was perfect..went on the marinarium excursion swimming with the sharks and stingrays....it was amazing...market at the beachwas fun...was not bothered by timeshare people at all. the showsthey had were not as good as the place last year. try the cocolocofor a drink and get them to put a shake of cannella on it.....my favorite drink of the week.( you can only get this at the yellow poolbar or the lobby bar)  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>JMP18
<Content>Ocean Blue and Ocean Sand the same place I found the resort to be poorly maintained and the majority of the staff to be complacent. Our room had no mirror over the dresser as well as no pictures whatsoever. The shower head was broke, with water poring out of the sides of the head instead of the front. The stopper in the bathroom sink kept water in, had to completely take that out and set aside to have water run through properly. Complimentary wine sent to our room came with 1 wine glass and no cork screw. Safe required repair two days in a row. DON'T pay extra for the beach restaurant. Ran out of white wine, ran out of dessert and one of us had a bad lobster. All for an extra $40. When complaint was issued, we were offered a second meal there!! NO refund. Three out of four of us got diarrhea/vomitting, one of which wound up in the hospital (she had the bad lobster). The Dominican restaurant was the BEST.The grounds and ocean at the resort are beautiful, but there were too many issues to ever want to go back there.Mexico has the tourist thing down better than the D.R.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ipatch07
<Content>Definitely worth it! As several other people have said in previous reviews, after reading all of the negative things about Ocean Blue, I was a bit nervous about my vacation, even considering bringing light bulbs and other necessities in order to survive the vacation, but these fears quickly disappeared upon my arrival.I think it's important that people realize that they are going to vacation in a 3rd world country and quite frankly you aren't spending thousands of dollars for a U.S. type hotel/resort experience. There are about 1200 people there at a time (600 rooms, double occupancy) and all of these people are staying at the resort full time, needing 3 meals a day and using the pools, beach, and activities.I just returned from Punta Cana with my boyfriend and we had a fantastic time. The vacation exceeded my expectations and was thoroughly relaxing and fun. We spent lots of time at the beautiful beach and then around mid-day would switch to the pool so that we could spend a lot of time at the swim up bar. Getting a drink is NOT a problem at this place! The staff was so friendly and if we ever needed anything, we could just ask them for it.It was a bit difficult to find a shady spot at the beach and pool, but I was always able to find a chair. People did tend to go out there early and leave the stuff on chairs, although they wouldn't be there for a lot of the day, which was kind of annoying, but I guess that's the nature of a resort atmosphere. The food was good- I mean it was nothing spectacular, but it was manageable. We tended to stick with the basics, like pizza or pasta and, while it's not the most healthy, it was fine for a week.There is so much to do, whether you take a day excursion or just stay at the resort and overall I would highly recommend this vacation. Go in with the expectation that there may be a tile missing in the pool or your room may be a bit musty and you will be great! You are out in the middle of paradise- How can you complain? It certainly beats the Northeast in February!Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jleelee
<Content>Good, Bad, and Ugly We came for a co-worker's wedding. I was hoping that it wouldn't be as bad as others have found, but I was wrong. First of all most of the rooms have a dirty, musty smell. We changed our room 3 times for a four night trip; once at 3am when the A/C stopped working. No apolgies from the staff. If you happen to get a room that doesn't smell, then your bed linens will. Room cleanliness seems to be a huge problem. The next worse thing is the food. I am not a gourmet by any means, but I'm pretty sure that food should not be full of grease and salt. One morning I bit into scrambled eggs and it was loaded with cracked shells. The buffet food was inedible. The Mexican place was actually good; I wouldn't know about the Italian because it was always closed. If you want to lose 5 lbs. quick, then stay here. Mike's was nice though. Unfortunately it is part of this resort. Staff is pretty much unsympathetic and useless for the most part. There were a few good people, but again, there is nothing that they can do except shuffle you from room to room and hope for the best. Punta Cana is a beautiful place, the beach is gorgeous, but please stay at another resort.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jaxon08
<Content>Absolutely wonderful vacation! We stayed at the resort from January 24-31st. Overall, I have to mention I am very shocked that some individuals wrote such negative reviews and question if they were indeed staying at the same resort we did! The resort itself is exceptionally well maintained and the grounds are beautifully kept. We stayed in Villa #9 with a wonderful ocean and pool view. The room was very clean with no issues with lighting or water pressure. Our housekeeper was fabulous keeping our room and bathroom clean, the fridge well stocked and clean linens daily. The staff were extremely friendly, helpful, polite, and always willing to please. I can't say enough about them; they were great!!!The food was excellent with an amazing variety. There was a different meal theme offered each evening at the supper buffet which was neat. No worries of going hungry at this resort! There is something for everyone.The pools were very well maintained and the swim up bars were great! Overall, it was a wonderful vacation and certainly would not hesitate to go back again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Delsii
<Content>A caribbean jewel!       Yellow pool - water aerobics  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>juanitaToronto
<Content>loved it a lot       photoshoot  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>travellingnewfie
<Content>Great Time and Great Service Me and my wife spent from the 18-25th of Febuary at Ocean Blue with 19 more friends and I have to say the resort and service were exellent. The food was amazing and the local people are really friendly. It seems that some people have problems with service but if that is so than the problem is on their end. It seems most of the complaints you hear come from the U.S. and after I saw how ignorant and rude some of these people can be I am not surprised they get bad service. A little advice treat others as you would have them treat you. I would recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>melgab84
<Content>Great times at Ocean Blue       Villas  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>mbmich
<Content>Had a great vacations       Danny boy our Outback guide  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Who'sBetterThanUs
<Content>Hola! Hola! I love tripadvisor, but am overloaded by the length of some of these narratives. I like it when people just give the essentials, simple and sweet. So here it is:Resort tour: avoid it, unless you don't mind giving up a chunk of your morning and hearing timeshare pitches - the guides often sit outside the buffet breakfast and try to get your attention before you walk in with...Hey, where you from? They know you just got to the resort by the color of your all-inclusive wristband and the fact that you're not tan yetRoom light bulbs: yes, they are dim, but not in the bathroom where it really mattersTipping: not necessary, but they are really appreciative of it and they do work very hard (most workers have change if you don't bring enough singles)Chairs: plenty are available, but if you are a famiy or large group head down before 10:00 AM to secure enough spots togetherTowels: we never had an issue, but learned that we could pick up new ones in the late afternoon for the next day - this helped to avoid the issue in the morningFood: not 5-star but still good, Carribean is great for dinner because no wait and tasty; for lunch, head up to the buffet at Tortuga - way better than La Cana by the beachMike's Coffee: yes, it IS as good as everyone writesEntertainment: no, it's NOT Broadway, but it is fun to watchSlippery tiles: yes, but only when they're wet - duhMissing pool tiles: maybe 200 out of 20 million, but not an issue in the leastGrounds: beautifulVendors: you'll find them just left of the resort on the beach; yes you should haggle and if you start to walk away that's when the price really starts to drop  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>kmat_1
<Content>A great family vacation We spent 8 days and 7 nights at Ocean Blue. We had a garden view which was not the best, but everything else was fabulous.Rooms were large and we had 2 adults and 3 kids. There was plenty of room. I would suggest bringing lots of wire hangars if you want to hang your clothes in the closet. We had 6 dresser drawers and that was as much as we could expect. Night stand was spacious and the safe worked fine.We brought light bulbs but only had to use one. Someone must have left theirs behind. We left bulbs for the next travelers.Say hello to Milania at the towel exchange. She was fabulous. The non-motorized water sports were fine and we had no problem reserving them.We took a 1/2 day excursion to swim with sharks. It was a blast and well worth the fee. There was some waiting around, but the opportunity to swim in a tank in the ocean with sting rays and sharks was well worth it. The kids, ages 9, 10 and 11 loved it.Kids club was friendly and the kids loved the staff. They were kept very busy.Breakfast buffet was a huge variety however, lines could be annoying. Getting a table at lunch was sometimes a problem. Dinner was never a problem because there was a lot to do outside while we waited for tables.Liquor was excellent and they poured with heavy hands. The lobby bar was crowded with slow service. Everywhere else was satisfactory. Tips speak loudly.The courtyards, the pools, the restaurants, rooms and lobby are all spectacularly maintained. Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DreamMountain
<Content>Wonderful Trip 2-8-08 to 2-15-08 Myself, my fiancee and 84 friends and family members (yes there were 86 of us) traveled to the Ocean Blue 2-8 through 2-15 2008. I was getting a little worried reading all of the horrible reviews prior to our departure but much to our surprise, they were mostly false reviews.We have been doing this group trip for many years and found this resort to be one of the better ones. The layout was great, the grounds clean and the staff very friendly. Yes there were some tiles missing from the pool however do you really expect them to drain the entire pool, fix the tiles and then refil the pool while you are on vacation? I would hate to see those reviews!Were there issues? Of course, with 86 people something was bound to happen however, you must remember you are in a different country and this property is huge not to mention it was Valentines Day week and the hotel was booked solid. My fiancee and I stayed in a honeymoon suite room 6319. It was the best. The room was incredible and the view was fabolous! The issue was that the air conditioner did not work . No biggie. We called the Elite club and were moved to a different room as they were undable to resore the air conditioner! Another couple that traveled with us, due to no fault of their own, had to be moved because the jaccuzi tub flooded their room. No biggie, they called the front desk and moved to a new room. Listen folks, with 86 people on this trip I was truly expecting an overwhelming amount of issues but much to my surprise there were few. The issues that we did have were handled very quickly and to everyone's satisfaction.One couple in our group got married on the beach on 2/13 and I must say even I was surprised at the set up and the time the wedding coordinator spent with the couple to make sure their day was exactly what they wanted. I can not thank the Ocean Blue enough for exceeding their expectations!We loved this place! We had the best time and would definately return. For all of you out there that wrote those horrible reviews, shame on you. Apparently you must be used to staying at the Hilton! If you want butler service and everything to be perfect then I recomend you pay and stay at the Hilton not the Ocean Blue. The Dominican Republic is a 3rd world country, you must remember that. Not everything is going to be perfect. I hate to be so harsh but every member of our group had a wonderful time and there were very few complaints. Please disregard the negative reviews and go and enjoy yourself like we did! Trust me you will not regret it.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>CutKnifeTrvl
<Content>Very nice Trip We checked in to ocean blue on Feb 13 and stayed till the 20th. We went there with a group of 32 people. It was our frist time with this group but some of them have gone on a trip like this together every year for the last 4-5 years. They all said this was the best trip so far. The beach was Great, the food very good. The buffet was very similar to many las vegas buffets, lots of selection. The a la cartes, often had a long wait but only early, if you ate later it was no problem. Personaly I liked the buffet better any way. They also have a nice buffet at the beach. At lunch time they have a buffet there and then from 3 - 6 you can still get hotdogs and burgers and a few snack items. The sports bar also has burgers, hotdogs, pizza and chicken wings from 11 pm till 6 am. We were the only one in our group to upgrade to the elite club and I would recommend this. We got a free dinner in one of the restaurants you have to pay for, free massage, free internet and other free excursions and perks, well worth it. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Most spoke good english, the front desk and the bartenders all spoke very good english, the waiters were hit and miss and the house keeping didn't seem to speak english, but the maid did under stand us enough when our room key quit working to let us in to use the phone. The front desk sent us new keys with the bell man with-in minutes. No bugs or mosquitos, the day we left there were some flies in the lobby area but that was the frist time we saw any. When we arrived our fridge in the room only had 2 or 3 pop and 2 or 3 water but we left a couple dollars on the pillow each day and they had the fridge as full as they could get it and left some extra pop on the counter beside the fridge. We had a very nice vacation and the rest of our group had no complaints. The only thing some of them didn't like was if they had a room with a view of the back alley. We had a wonderful view of the resort pools and ocean. Even the back side of our building was another resort so the view was O.K. We are already talking about next year. I'm sure everyones experience is different but don't let the bad reviews on this site scare you. I was quite worried after reading some of these reviews. I felt this resort was just like going to a resort at home other than the weather. I would go back and I hope you have a great trip.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rin628
<Content>Loved it! My boyfriend and I went here and stayed 6 days. I have not one bad thing to say about this resort. Our trip started perfectly when we were upgraded to the deluxe sweet for no reason. We stayed in villa 6 which was right next to the beach and pool. We never had a problem with water pressure and water was always hot. We never had a problem getting chairs at the pool which is where we spent most of our time.They had entertainment and stuff going on around the pool almost daily also. One tip I would give anyone is that we saw people carrying around travel coffee mugs and stuff like that and the bartenders would fill that up with beer instead of the normal little plastic cups. So bring one with you if you do not want to be running back to the bar every 2 seconds for a refill of beer. I had read some reviews that said to bring your own towel and light bulbs so we did. It was convenient to have our own towels but you can check out a towel for the beach or pool if you want to. As for lights in the room, all of them worked but we were glad we had our own because the hotel lights were a bit dim. Our room was beautiful and was kept very clean by room service. Food was not great but it was ok. The Dominican restaurant had very good food and the best service of all the restaurants so make sure to try it. Reviews had said that you needed to make reservations for all restaurants for dinner but when we called the first night to do that, we were told reservations were not needed. We never even had to wait for a table. There is also lots to do at night such as bowling, pool, shows at the theater and there is a small casino.During the day it was nice to walk on the beach and look at the little shops but the people are relentless and charge a lot of money. You can make deals with them and bargain though. Also, the vendors came inside the resort one night and they try to rip you off as well so go to the resort gift shop first to get an idea of what the prices should be. Everyone that works there was extremely friendly. We had such a good time and I would absolutely go back there again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BX2GIRL
<Content>WE HAD A GREAT TIME! Feb 12-17 My husband and I just returned from a five day stay and we had the best time. The grounds of the hotel were very well kept. Employees are constantly sweeping, cleaning and maintaining the gardens. The plam trees and some of the foliage are a little young because the hotel is still fairly new, maybe 4 years or something like that. I booked through expedia and stayed in villa 5 which had a pool view and perfect distance to the beach. We NEVER had trouble getting chairs at the pool. You do not need to wake up at 5am the reserve a chair. we would go after breakfast at about 10:30am and never had trouble. if you sleep until 3pm then it may be a little problem. The beach could have you some attention but it was still beautiful, it went on for miles and miles. Those who complained about getting sick probably had excessive amounts of liqour. Some guests were drunk by 11am. STAY AWAY FROM THE ITALIAN RESTAURANT. Try the Dominican restaurant, we loved it. Mikes coffee shop was the best!!!! The buffets had lots to choose from. The typical Dominican food changed everyday. Burgers, pizza, chicken, pasta are always on the menu. Waiters and bartenders were very friendly, however not five star trained, just lots of fun. There are little shops off the beach which is convenient but beware they WILL RIP YOU OFF. Check out the hotel gift shop first and compare prices. Be ready to bargain ALOT. Do not EVER pay 1st or 2nd or 3rd price. Massage on the beach is a must. 40 bucks for half an hour. Those H10 guys just run from them, they are a waste of time. The rooms were pretty but not five star pretty. the linens could have used a MAJOR upgrade but not terrible. I read about terrible water pressure but ours was great and we always had hot water. Towels were not 5 star but not terrible. Front desk not 5 star. We had a little trouble checking in our room was not ready we had to wait about 45min. I had a little trouble with the little cigar shop which does NOT belong to the hotel so BEWARE. The hotel was not able to resolve my problem with them and they did not seem to care. It's not 5 star but we would return in a heartbeat. the waiters and bartender are lots of fun. lots of booze, food, sunshine, booze and booze. can't ask for anything more at a great price. Front desk not great but we only saw them three times who cares. We spent the most important ones with the bartender and waiters who were great. The maids, just leave them a couple of dollars a day instead of at the end of the trip and you will be happy. Just book the trip, it was great!!!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>sbertVancouver
<Content>Really Liked our Stay We were at this resort from Jan 28th to Feb 11th. We were a group of 6,ages 40 - 50 yrs,one of the couples joining us for only the second week of our holiday. We loved our stay. It was our first time to the Dominican for all of us. It was a long plane ride,from departure to arrival from Vancouver with one stop over in Calgary 9 hrs. The airport was very charming, we found our luggage very fast, and yes the airporters are everywhere, but a no thank you was enough for them to leave you alone. We found our bus that would take us to our resort and were on our way. We arrived at the resort by 9:00 pm, we learned that the best thing to do is let them unload the luggage and go directly to check in, when this is completed they will give you tags to put on your luggage take these tags and attach them, the porters will then take your luggage to your room for you. If you are hungry I would suggest you go directly to the buffet as it closes at 10:00 pm, and although there is the sports bar to eat at it is very limited to choices(burgers,hotdogs,fries,pizza,chicken wings) and can be very smokey. We also found that it was not nessary to save seats at the beach or the pool as there were plenty to choose from at anytime of the day.All the restaraunts are very good, our favorites were the Mexican,and the Italian,and of course the buffet.We found all the staff very friendly. All our rooms were very spacious, and kept very clean. We did have some problems with air conditioning, two of our rooms had no air conditioning for two days but every room has a ceiling fans and that did make it comfortable, as you are only in your room really to sleep or change.We found the shows at night entertaining but very loud the speakers could have been turned down they were so loud it was hard to understand what was being said most of the time.We went on 3 tours, Santa Domingo, Outback Safari, and Samona Island, all the tours were well liked by those who went.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lilsug
<Content>nice layout but not well maintained Overall:Lack of general upkeep seems to be the biggest problem with this hotel. It seems like there has been little or no effort to maintain what is there. Cushions in the lobby look shabby, the disco had things in there that were broken that would have taken 5 minutes to fix, but remained broken for the entire week we were there. The pool was gross, there was trash all over the beach, and our room was not all that clean. The bowling alley and game area had carpet that was pealing up; the shades on the beach were missing the part that would actually provide shade. The lanes were not in good working order and had to be reset every two frames. Overall the layout was good, but I imagine in a year or two things will be even more run down then they are now. We will not return.Check In:Check in was quick, but consisted of us getting our keys and that was it. There was no introduction to the lay-out of the hotel, no instructions on what to do with our towel cards, what do about getting our bags, no friendly smile, etc. Not a good first impression.Our Room:We stayed in villa 4. We were on the third floor with view of the grounds. We drug our suitcases up the stairs to our room and tried to decide if it had been cleaned the day. The mirrors were dirty, the bathtub looked dirty, and the furniture was not in order. A little blue sticker on the t.p. and plate of fruit that looked like it had been sitting of quite some time indicated that the room was ready. We had king bead with bedding that all look like it had seen better days. The sheets smelled clean, but were grey looking. I am not sure when the blankets had last seen a washer. We had two small pillows and called down for more but did not receive them until later that night when we went to the front desk to get them. We had two towels and one wash cloth left for us almost every day even though we asked for more. We returned to our room to find our safe unlocked. Everything was in there that should be, but it would not look again. This is the only thing that was taken care of quickly. Another couple traveling with us did not have AC for four days, despite calls to maintenance everyday. Food:The food was lacking. I understand that it is an AI and I don't expect great things or 5 star dining. In general I am not a picky eater, but I need to be able to identify what I am eating. I ate pizza or beans and rice every day for lunch, the rest of the stuff available did not look appealing.Dinner was not much better, but there were some decent things here and there. Route 66 is terrible, the others were ok. We did not eat the restaurants that required an additional fee b/c I could not imagine that it would be worth the money when it appeared everything came from the same kitchen.Coffee House:This was the best place at the resort. The coffee was fantastic and it appeared to be the only place where regular maintenance occurred. We had pastries and coffee there every morning. Pool:The pool was gross. There was black stuff growing all over the place. The middle was slimy. I was up early several mornings and never once saw the pool being cleaned. It was just gross. There are tiles missing in many places, which you could deal with if there was not black stuff growing everywhere. There were plenty of chairs available around the pool and you didn鈥檛 have to be out too early to save seats unless you wanted a large group together. The Beach:You could walk up and down the beach forever it seemed. The beach was beautiful. Unfortunately, many people have a problem picking up after themselves and there is no effort made by the hotel to remove the trash, so there are straws and cups everywhere even before the beach gets busy. There are plenty of chairs on the beach and you did not have to reserve them unless you wanted shade. Several of the structures built to provide shade were missing their covers. Staff:This area seems to be hit or miss. The animation staffs works really hard and do a great job. I am not sure when they sleep because they are at the pool all day, on stage at the shows, and then at the disco at night getting people to dance. We have nothing but great things to say about the animation staff! The wait staff in general was ok. We had some bartenders that did an awesome job and some that were just terrible. The front desk staff is rude and overall unhelpful.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>Olivia40
<Content>Best beach ever, but one major problem Ok, so we consider ourselves to be level headed travelers, we understand that we are in a developing country. Some people do not get that. We booked thru Apple and they were very helpful. My husband and I agree that the beach is the draw for this resort and probably every other resort on Bavaro Beach. It is beautiful and you truly can walk for miles which we did everyday. The weather was perfect. Pool area very nice, no issue w/chairs at pool or beach. Buffets OK. Caribbean Grill by beach was a great option for dinner, good food, great service. We did'nt notice a language problem, but I know some Spanish which helped alot. The resort itself was very clean and the grounds were well kept. The staff are all very friendly, and so hardworking, please tip them well, they deserve it. Ok, so the problem was that I had a roach in my skirt when I put it on, I'm sure you could hear me scream for miles. It was huge, as they are, and I have never seen one in any of our travels . I was traumatized of course, my husband killed it w/his shoe, and I think he was even freaked out. After bawling to the Apple lady, she said the room would be fumagated right away ,and by 9pm it was(happened about 6pm).Thank goodness this happened w/only 2 nights left of our stay, otherwise I surely would have switched resorts. The hotel staff were terrible when we spoke w/them about it - there was never an apology, they were rude, and seemed completely unconcerned. At no point did they offer us some sort of perk, no massage, no upgrade, NOTHING.....which is completely unacceptable. And we spoke w/many different staff. We spoke w/alot of others who have been in Punta Cana many times in other resorts, they have never seen a roach. The bottom line is the hotel does not bother to take the precautions that they need to . That's obvious. We will go back to Punta Cana, the beach is fabulous, but would never consider staying here, who would want to deal w/that?? It was so disgusting and definitely the most awful thing that has ever happened to me while traveling. Please reconsider staying here!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sundog06
<Content>Average, seen better and worse       Beach  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Mojo34
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!! This resort was amazing!! The lobby is very open and huge with the reception area off the the side. The staff at the front desk were not bad, but no one travelling in our group got what they had requested in terms of beds i.e., a single person asked for 2 queens and got a king, a couple asked for a king and got 2 queens.The rooms are very nice. There are double sinks and a jetted tub in the bathroom, a mini bar stocked with water and pop daily, nice balconies with beautiful views of the grounds.The resort is kept up very well, the grounds are amazing, the white sand beach is great and both pools are huge. As an added bonus, each pool has a swim up bar. Be sure to reserve your chairs with your towel early as some vacationers felt the need to reserve chairs at both the pool and the beach and there were not enough chairs for all guests (and this resort has more than enough chairs).The food at the buffet and all a la carte restaurants was fantastic. There was an excellent variety of salads, veggies, meat, fruit, breakfast items and desserts. In the morning they had fresh banana, mango and papaya juice. I was at this resort for 2 weeks and did not get bored with the food.This resort has a bowling alley, climbing wall, billards area and nightly shows. In 2 weeks we were not able to bowl or play pool as it was always busy and you cannot reserve ahead. The a la carte restaurants are seated on a first come, first served basis, no reservations, we found it best to eat after 8 on those evenings as it was very busy and the wait was long before then. This resort has a coffee shop which is incredible! It is just like Second Cup and Starbucks with any kind of coffee, tea, smoothie, ice tea you would want. It also has a nice selection of dessert items.I did get married at this resort. If you would like further info about weddings please send me a message and I will be glad to answer it.Overall this was a great resort, I would definitely go back again!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	3	4	-1	

<Author>gaglio
<Content>Excellent Family Vacation! Stayed at the Ocean Blue with a group of 10 ranging in ages from 18 mths to 65. It was a first trip down south for my mom and dad and they were impressed. Very hard to please in terms of food as well as cleanliness and they absolutely loved it. The grounds were beautiful and very well maintained daily. Their room was great luckily, with a pool view, my sister's room and mine on the other hand, were extremely damp and musty.... only downfall all week.Pools great with gradual entry which was good for the little ones. The beach is gorgeous, very wide with some shopping within about a 2 minute walk. Animation staff was good at night. We enjoyed the shows every night which ended at about 10:00, as well as the bowling alley and ping pong table there. This was very much enjoyed by the teens (13 and 17).Mike's coffee house, perfect!! Big hit with my parents. Great espressos, cappuccinos and iced coffees!We ate at the buffet restaurant every night as we thought it might be easier with the 18 mth old and 3 year old, with the exception of one night when we tried the Italian restaurant. It was Ok but nothing spectacular. We ended up at the buffet right after! Lots of variety, something for everyone. This was the only vacation where I think I may have gained weight as opposed to losing some! Pizzas were great, kids loved it and the seafood rice during the day at the beach restaurant was to die for!All in all, everyone went home happy and having had a great experience at the Ocean Blue.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Indy-Beach-Bum-TR
<Content>Great Overall Resort My wife and I and two other couples spent eight great days at the Ocean Blue Resort from 2/2/08 through 2/10/08. I was a little concerned about some of the negative comments I read on Trip Advisor prior to leaving. Let me start by saying there will be no such thing as a perfect vacation, something is always going to happen that will not be to your liking.First off remember you are visiting a beautiful third world country that is not as well off economically as the US. True when you get outside the resort areas, things are a little rough. Some trash, run down buildings, and poverty.Now back to the resort; Ocean Blue is the perfect all around resort. It is clean, tiddy, and the people who work there work very hard. Sure there are some slackers, but you will find that everywhere. The food was good at all the resturants and at the buffet. I agree with what someone else said, If you go hungry, its your own fault. You can always find something to your liking unless you just want to do without and complain.The beach is beautiful and clean. They clean up the little bit of seaweed that washes ashore everyday. Any trash is picked up a couple times a day. The only trash you see laying around is if a guest leaves it there. The water is great, clear and no big waves. The beaches are open so you can walk as far either way that you want and feel safe. At the resort the kayaks and catermaran sailboats are included. If it is real windy they might not let you take them out. Sign up the day before for you free half hour slot. The resort is layed out so that the rooms either have a very good view of the courtyard and swimming pools or a small courtyard.People mention the missing pool tiles, yes of the several million one inch square tiles, maybe 200 or 300 are missing. Is it a problem with using the pool? No.There is plenty to eat, drink, and activities to keep everyone as busy as they want to be.There is a small flea market of vendor shops off the beach to the left side of the resort while facing the beach. If you like to haggle, go for it. Don't pay more than 50% percent of less than what they ask. If you try you can do better. Don't buy cigars on the beach. There is a cigar shop at the resort, but don't expect any bargains. We even went to a cigar factory and still no real good deals. There is a small mini-mart at the resort, fairly decent prices for most things. The coffee and booze is pretty reaonable there and you know what you are getting is good.There are nightly entertainment shows with some nights better than others. If you don't like the one being performed, there is plenty of other places to go drink or get a desert or smoothy.We used the safe in the room for valuables and left everything else either laying about or in the drawers. Nothing was taken. Towels and lines provided daily. Only lost power one morning after a pretty good storm that night. Did not have hot water that day until about noon. Had plenty of hot water and water pressure all the other times. Don't drink the tap water, drink the bottle water that is very plentiful everywhere, just ask for it. Several bottles will also be put in your room daily.All said and done, this is a very nice all purpose resort, maybe it is not five star, but maybe a good four star.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>sami8806
<Content>Best place around!!!       dessert, best MACAROONS EVER!!!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>howardnlaura
<Content>great place with a few problems We stayed at Ocean Blue February 2nd through the 5th, 2008, having booked a last minute trip through Travelocity. We鈥檝e been to Punta Cana twice before, staying at the Melia Caribe and the Palladium. The Resort is beautiful and nicely laid out, the public areas are clean and in good shape. After checking in and getting our keys we were told to sit down at an adjacent desk where they would tell us about the resort. The guy was very nice but this was just to schedule a 90 minute breakfast the next morning where apparently they would give us the time-share (they say VIP) spiel, we didn鈥檛 go. Our family had two rooms in building 1 on the first floor, rooms 1101  1102. It was actually a pretty good location as we were up by the lobby and restaurants for the evenings, days were spent down by the beach which is very nice. The resort is very attractive, plenty of lounges and shade at the pools and the beach. They told us they were fully booked but it was not crowded, and we did not encounter lines at the restaurants. Some of the prettiest buffets and restaurants we鈥檝e seen at an all inclusive, and bars everywhere. The bars have premium liquors and they even had bud light beer at the lobby and sports bars (might have been because it was superbowl time). Food was plentiful, but not our favorite. We ate at the Italian, Mexican and Dominican restaurants, reservations are not required and you can do an alacarte restaurant every night. Our daughter loved the bowling alley so we went twice- it was just like home but only 6 lanes, but we never had to wait for one. Bartenders and check in people were great, maids and management are another story. Mosquitos were horrible at night. Our first morning we awoke covered with mosquito bites everywhere we weren鈥檛 covered.We asked to be moved and that鈥檚 when they told us they were fully booked, each morning they told us to try again tomorrow. We bought mosquito spray at the resort shop but that didn鈥檛 help at all, we also sprayed down with the skintastic we carry with us each night and that didn鈥檛 help either. I don鈥檛 know if this was because we were on the first floor or our just because of our location but we got slaughtered every night. The kids took to sleeping fully dressed but were still bitten all over their faces and hands while they slept. Our room was apparently the last one cleaned each day, usually around 4 pm. Maybe the maids were just wore out by the time they got to us but they didn鈥檛 do much. The first night we noticed the sheets had not been changed from the previous guests, there was hair and stuff on them. So on the next morning my wife removed the sheets and purposely spilled some pepsi on them, she left a $5.00 tip and an apology for the spill assuming this would get us clean sheets. That evening we pull back the covers and the pepsi stain is there, we couldn鈥檛 believe they made up the bed with the soiled sheets that were on the floor. We ended up finding a maid and getting sheets and making up the bed ourselves. On our last full day, we came back to the room after a great day at the beach and pools to get ready for dinner. While we鈥檙e getting cleaned up some people enter our room with a key, and after a confused look they apologize and leave. Ten minutes later they knock and ask if we鈥檙e almost done, they need a shower.. Turns out the front desk gave them our room to use while they waited for a late check-out. We told them it was our room so they went back to the front desk and told them people were staying in the room. The desk then gave them keys to our other room and they went through the whole thing again. I went to the lobby to see what was going on. A manager told me that we were to have checked out that day. I told him no, we leave tomorrow. He again said we should be gone. I asked him if he鈥檇 like me to go get our trip paperwork to show him we were paid up through tomorrow and he said no and left and went into the back office. After standing there for about 30 minutes with the desk personel smiling and shrugging their shoulders at me I asked one of them if the guy was checking on our situation, they said yes and I continued to wait. After about another 30 minutes a clerk called out my name and handed me two sets of keys for our rooms. I asked if this meant the problem was resolved and she said yes. I still can鈥檛 believe the guy never came back out and said 鈥渟orry鈥?or anything. So, while we thought the physical resort was great I would make sure on check-in that they have all your details correct. I don鈥檛 know what to do about the mosquitos and the dirty sheets, could be a freak thing that just happened to us but the problem was we couldn鈥檛 get anything done about it.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Caribaddict
<Content>Great, great resort! We just got back from Ocean Blue today. We stayed from Feb. 2 - Feb. 9. This was our second stay at the resort, because we had a great time there two years ago. The rooms are quite nice, with a large bed/sitting room and a large bathroom (jacuzzi and shower, all marble). Our rooms were very clean, and cleaned twice daily (we upgraded ourselves to elite). The sticky feel on the floor that one reviewer noted is nothing more than moisture and cleanser. This is typical of most resorts in the Dominican, where humidity is high. Food is great for Dominican resort, too. You can find something you like all of the time, even if you're a picky eater. If you want to indulge, do visit Le Bodegon, where you can have a superb meal with a very nice bottle of wine. You can also stop by there for tapas any night, free of charge, and enjoy your snack al fresco with a glass of wine, before moving somewhere else. One reviewer noted that there were stray dogs in the buffet. I can only shake my head in disbelief and wonder if I was at the same resort. It was clean, no flies, and I suspect this was some sort of joke. The beach is great, lots of room, lots of chairs, and lots of sand and water. The pool area is very clean and well-maintained, with three bars (two swim-up and one on land). The lobby is a great place to visit before a meal for an appertif and to enjoy that clean feeling you get after showering off all the sunscreen. What makes this place truly magical are the people who work there. They try hard, folks, and no, some of them are not great English speakers.Please remember you are in a Spanish-speaking, third-world country. Tip accordingly, as a dollar can make a big difference to these people. Please tip your housekeeper. She gets four days off a month and works about twelve hours a day and has to travel to get to the resort when she's not staying overnight to meet her shifts. This goes for any resort and all staff in the Dominican, and I've been in quite a few. This country attracts many an international tourist, so please remember, these people do not only have to learn english as a THIRD language (their second language is French), but many other languages, too. Stay here and you'll have a great time with little to no problems. I highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Byckeyes
<Content>Very impressed My wife and I stayed at the Ocean Blue resort from Feb 4 - 8 of 2008. Considering we made this reservation the Wednesday before (very short notice), we could not have been more impressed. We paid $730 a person through Apple vacations, so for that price we did not expect much but were pleasently surprised. BEACH- was amazing, it was huge and white powdery sand and clear blue water, pleanty of room and never a problem getting a chair. There were some topless women but this resort seems to be very family friendly compared to much of Punta cana (my wife visited punta cana in 2004 and said most women were topless, we did not see alot of that here, but if you looked you could find it). Definitely a family/older crowed at this resort, we were looking for younger couples and did not find many. There were beach vendors, just say no if you are not interested and they go away, also they had a tiny beach shopping area right next to the resort, if you want to shop go there first, these people will haggle with you, there are deals to be found there. FOOD- was again better then expectations. We ate dinner the first night at 6:30 when they opened and had no problem getting seated right away, the other nights we ate around 8 and did have problems getting seated, the estimates they give were way off (5 minutes means 45) this is our ONLY complaint. But the food itself was great. I am a pickey eater and if you stick with the steak dishes you will be fine (its not the really thin steak you seem to get every where else, but its not Hyde Park either). The Italian place was very good as was the carribean place down by the ocean. The American place was alright, but for the price we paid it was very good. Lunch was the same thing every day, I have the eating habits of an 8 year old boy, so burgers and freedom (french) fries was just fine with me. The breakfast buffet was very good, lots of choices, the bacon is almost flavorless but if you eat 10 pounds of it you can get a small taste of bacon. Stick with the freedom (french) toast, they make it in front of you. ASK FOR BOOZE BY NAME, they have it, but only if you ask for it. POOL- they have 2 large ones, I read complaints about tiles missing- this means nothing, maybe 1% were missing and it had no effect on anything. There was lots of room around the pools and there are pleanty of pool activities to take part in (as well as beach activities). Each pool has its own bar, the pool closer to the ocean seemed to be more popular, but again- never a problem getting a chair. ROOMS- We only slept in ours, so it was not an issue. It did look like there was some water damage on the ceiling, but nothing leaked and as a property owner I would be concerned about it, but as a guest it had no effect on anything. The bathrooms we nice, a big jaccuzi tub and marble. I assume we stayed in the lower end room because of the price we paid, and we were very happy with it. CONCLUSION- It was a great trip, I expected to be staying in a dump but it was really very nice. I was very impressed with the food and drink choices and the beach was great as were the pools. We were never really bothered by people trying to sell you stuff and anything we asked for was given to us in a timely manner. Again, not a lot of young couples there so this is a more family/older couple resort and if that is what you are looking for then this is the place for you. Very relaxing. Very nice. Exceeded expectations.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Iceman_39
<Content>Incredible beach !       Villas  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kevin-Lori
<Content>Fantastic Place       Para Saling WOW  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BeachloverNewLenox
<Content>Good resort for relaxation My husband  I stayed at Ocean Blue Jan16-Jan23rd. We booked the Elite Club and thought it was well worth it!! This includes the following:Private check-in.Went straight to room in a golf cart with our luggage. Stay in Villas closest to the beach. Pool and view and ocean view.Daily fruit basket.Liquor in room (bottle of white wine, red wine, Absolut vodka, rum and whiskey)Beach towels in room upon arrival. Beach towels downstairs with concierge.White terry robes and matching slippers in the room.Mini-fridge stocked daily with 4 Presidente, 4 bottled water, 2 diet pepsi, 2 reg. pepsi and two sprites.Dinner reservations with Elite club over the phone each morning.30 min. horseback ride.30 min. massage for two.30 min. catamaran with captain.Dinner at either the Chefs table or dinner on the beach.( These cost extra if you are not part of the Elite Club) We did the Chefs table. Food was very good. Service was excellent. We had two waiters.The mexican was okay. I ordered tacos and they flute shaped tequitos. They tasted good but definately weren't what I would call a taco. The appetizer bar was awesome here. I could have made a meal there.the Italian was very good. My husband had lobster raviolis and they were sooooo good. I had pasta with meat sauce and the sauce kind of tasted like Ragu bottle sauce. Wasn't bad, but my husbands was just sooooo good, I expected more flavor I guess.The Carribean Grill by the beach was our favorite!! The ribeye steak could be cut with your fork. Very good. Everything there was good and the service was excellent too. Bars: the Lobby Bar was a joke!!! No service here!! Bartenders too busy grabbing the waitress's bottom. Lots of flirting goin on there and not alot of drink-making. Waited 15 for a drink and was told three times to wait one minute. We tipped him 5 bucks the night before, guess he forgot.There is a very nice bar by the beach in the Caribbean Grill restaurant. Excellent service here. We went there every night and never waited for a drink. Even when my margarita was half full he was filling a shaker and making me a new one. Really good margaritas here!!Beach bar was okay. But just for beer. They make really bad mixed drinks.Sports Bar was fun and they had bottled Coronas there. Great service there too!We would go back to this resort again for the service and beautiful room with such a great view!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>monkeymoo7
<Content>Our Wedding We decided to get married in the Caribbean in Jan, so my parents flew out last year to check out the hotel and others in the area. They found this to be the best one around.So we flew out a party of 11 with First Choice. My husband and I flew Premier Class, which was great well worth the extra leg room for the long flight, and the booze went down very well too. Everyone else was Star Class, but they too enjoyed their flight, and was comfortable.After a very long day we arrived at the hotel, and made our way to our rooms where we waited for our luggage to arrive. We had trouble getting into one of the rooms, but after a lot trips to the reception and phone calls, we finally got maintance out and the managed to fix the problem, apart from taking about 4 hrs from start to finish, they were relived to get into their rooms.The following day we met Julissa, who was the Wedding Co-ordinator. I had been in contact with her for months before the wedding and it was lovely to finally meet her. She was very nice and made us all feel welcome. We looked through some flowers which I had to choose, and spoke about the venue for the wedding, which of course was on the beach!!! We also discussed where we would have our evening meal, we chose the Italian. Julissa explained everything that would happen regarding the Judge, and what would happen on the day.We then spoke to the photographer there, asking for them to be there at the ceremony. The wedding package was $550 which included pictures of the bride before the wedding, and pictures of the wedding. He said we would be able to have 100 pictures for this price. When it can to picking up the pictures, we then got told that we could only pick 50, and the other 50 would be copies of the one we chose. I think this was a bit misleading, and should have been told at the beginning that we would actually only really get 50 pictures. For an extra $300 my Husband and I decided to buy the CD which includes all the pictures that were taken, as it was too hard only choosing 50.We had been there 6 days before the wedding, and we had had some not very nice weather, but the day of the wedding turned out to be amazing!!! We were meant to get married at 11am, but Julissa informed us the Judge was running a bit late. But by 11.50 I was walking bare foot along the beach with my Dad towards my future Husband. It was an amazing feeling. The Judge performed the ceremony in Spanish, and Julissa translated it into English. We then drank Champagne, and had lots of pictures done on the beach.Our meal in the evening was lovely, plus a great reason to get in the dress again. We also had a wedding cake which was very very nice, and drank the local rum, the waitress in there certainly seem to be enjoying herself!!!!As part of the package, we were meant to have a night in the honeymoon suit, but they seemed to all be full, including all the nights in our second week, so Julissa arranged for an upgrade to the Elite Suits. We were shocked to find out it was for the whole of our honeymoon week, rather than just the night. The room was very nice, but not too different from the Junior Suits. We were in Villa 6 right by the beach.The whole holiday was great. You had so many restaurants to choose from in the evenings, there was something for everyone.All the free booze was good as well, my other half reckoned he drank his own weight in Jack Daniels!!! The measurements are very strong at first, but once you get used to it they are good!!!There were 2 pools there, the blue one was the quiet one which we sat at and the yellow one had all the daily activities. This was very loud at times, and when you hear the same thing over and over again for 2 weeks it can become very annoying!But our main reason was the wedding, and all I can say is it was truly amazing getting married on the beach!!! I would recommend it to anyone!!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>kisumu38
<Content>Ocean Sands - Caribbean hot spot you cannot miss !! First time to the Dominican Republic for us. 2 Adults and 1 four year old toddler. Lots of fun, friendly people and staff always try to please you. Only found one grumpy waitress and that was at the main buffet bar. Luscious green resort, well maintained grounds and flamingo action too. Beautiful beaches with white sands and turquoise water. Liked: The Main Lobby  Bar. Try the Coco Loco cocktail  Banana Mama  Banana Papa cocktails. Mamajuana is there local love potion for you lovers out there. Basically Rum with everything. Sax player in the Looby most evenings and he's good. Discos were pumping at weekends where the locals invade  The Latino beat takes over. Beach party with bonfire at midnight  you learn those Latino dance moves. Mikes Coffee Shop - better than Starbucks. Sorry to disappoint Starbuck fans.Magician show in open air theater. Bowling Alley on a rainy day (only 1 day in 14)Don't miss the Outback Safai tour. The rum was flowing on the open top jeep. Great places to visit  see the local Dominican people. Main buffet restaurant had best selection of foods to eat  we even found lobster there.Disliked: Time share people hassle you at the Reception (especially when you Check Into the hotel)  Entrance to buffet restaurant. Other A La Carte restaurants where food was good some of the time and other times it was poorer quality. Food lacked consistancy.Overall: A 4 Star hotel experience but with a 5 Star hotel service.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>quackie
<Content>great vacation spot Check in was simple, room was ready when we got there @ 2:30pm, luggage in our room by the time we went to it. All resort personel were friendly and curtious, even the timeshare persons and vendors that we turned down. Food was Carribean, been to Jamaica several times before. Pizza, chicken wings, and fresh baked breads were excellent. Room was clean,nice, quiet and basically like you'd get in Jamaica. Beach sand was so white, the sun shinning on it hurt your eyes, gorgeous. The ocean was colder and rougher than the Carribean, but nice. The bar tenders are great, full of smiles and talk. Most everyone knows English. Bravaro Run trip is worth it. You stop at a school room on this trip, so bring pencils, note books ect, to give to the teacher. One note, my friend an I gave 3 boys $1 US each to take their picture, but the tour guide kind of scolded us, saying they won't learn how to work for money if we do that. The airport has tourism down to a science. No waiting for luggage, customs, ect. We were in and out within 40 minutes. Of course everyone wants tips, but hey what's tip money compared to what we paid for this trip, a drop in the bucket. One thing I did notice is there are very few birds singing in the morning. Also there are no tree frogs singing at night and virtualy no sea shells. We ate at the Dominican restaurant, sports bar (during the Packer/Giant game), Italian, Route 66,and the buffets. All had something for anyone that was hungry ,very good food.Hey, walking back to our room the last morning we were leaving, the song over the speakers (hidden in the stones along the walk way) played let it snow, let it snow, let it snow! and that's just what we came home to. Now who's complaining?We would deffinately go back.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IaDork
<Content>Great place-would recommend!!       Looking towards pool bar at one of the pools  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jcut
<Content>Horrible It was grim from the start. I hate to say or write anything negative, but I must be honest and this really was a disappointment. From the second we arrived it was a nightmare. The toilet was broken in our room and the bathroom ceiling was caving in. The bathroom was still dirty and there was a strange oil all over the floor that caused my son in the adjoining room to fall twice. It was dangerous. Maid service came in to clean and left it dirty. We called maintenance to fix the toilet and ceiling and they left it dirty again and also left our door open with all of our luggage inside the doorway for all to see. The manager was called and nothing was rectified. We decided to make the best of it and check the resort out. While at the buffet, there were flies all over the food and emaciated stray dogs running in and out of the buffet. We booked there because their speciality was catering to kids, but the kids said the bowling alley was constantly breaking and the pool area left much to be desired. Thankfully, hours later, our wonderful Apple representatives helped us to get out of there and although we paid a nice sum of money, got us into the Iberostar Bavaro which was wonderful, clean and so much fun. The week turned out to be great. Never again at the Ocean Blue. If you're looking for a cheap way to entertain your family, with no expectations, then this is the place.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>beachstroller
<Content>Relaxing, Enjoyable stay at Ocean Blue 1/18 - 1/25/08Upstate New Yorkers. Went through Apple Vacations - Chartered Flight out of Newark NJ, no hassle very covenient. Apple bus from airport to hotel and hotel to airport, no hassle very convenient. No problem checking in. While checking in a waitress came up to us and offered us an Ocean Blue drink; thought that was a nice touch. We got there at 1:30 PM they immediately gave us our all inclusive wrist bands and told us our rooms would be ready in 1 hour. We went to lunch and after 1 1/2 hrs our rooms were ready and when we got there our bags had been delivered.My husband and I are in late 40's. We have just begun traveling and have stayed in Cancun and Aruba. First trip to the Dominican Republic. We were looking for a relaxing vacation at an all inclusive and a beautiful beach was important. We were not disappointed. Liked the beach better then Aruba and Cancun. You can walk for miles and the water was great for swimming; little bit of waves and was smooth and no sudden surprise drops while walking in. Stayed in Bldg 5 first floor. Bed was very comfortable, room clean, plenty of hot water in the bathroom, refrigerator was kept stocked with bottled water, soda and cans of Presidente Beer. A simple note (with a few Spanish words) left on the dresser asking for anything you needed. We would leave $2 and a little chocolate bar every day (tip from a previous review). Great tip I received from reading the reviews before I left was to bring singles for tips (we brought $50 which lasted for the week). The staff we dealt with went out of their way to please you. Breakfast buffet, lunch buffet and dinner buffet were very good. Lunch buffet at the on beach building not that great (food or service). Mexican Restaurant and Route 66 were good. Not that thrilled about the Italian restaurant. Waiters and bartenders were great; Johnny at the Blue Pool, Alfredo at the breakfast buffet. Enjoyed the sports bar while watching the Giants beat the Packers (even though the bartender had a Green Bay helmet on). Did not drink the tap water as instructed, however stomach was out of sorts for 1 day (may have been tap Presidente beer?) Bartenders at lobby, pools and beach were not stingy at all with liquor unless you requested them to be; some top shelf . Beer: was able to get bottled Corona at lobby bar, only able to get draft at sports bar and pool and beach bars and that was Presidente. Ask Johnny at the blue pool to make his special blue/green drink. Enjoyed the lobby entertainment at night. Need to haggle over prices of souveniers w/beach venders and hotel venders (Larimar pendant they asked $80 I paid $25; I guess I did ok?). Hotel stores seem expensive even with low end stuff; one souvenier in store $5, I got it on the beach for $1.75.Cons: some of the upkeep of the place: quite a few pool umbrellas not working, quite a few beach canapies missing the top covering. Hot tub was not hot. One of the people with us has bad knees and needed and wanted a wheelchair. We had been told by Apple that we would have one. When we arrived at the hotel we were told they had none available for us; only 3 in the whole hotel. We lucked out and got one from the medical center there (they only have 2 though) so something to keep in mind. There are trolleys however that go around the complex constantly though.When boarding plane from Dominican be prepared to walk. Once outside our gate we all thought we were walking home. Walked by 6 or 7 other planes.We would definately come back. One of the people with us previously stayed at the Paradisus, she said whe would recommend the Ocean Blue as well.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>bluemtnman
<Content>Skip this one. Not great When we got to the hotel, they had no record of our reservation - we had booked through Expedia. The guy at the front desk said that we had to call Expedia and work it out with them. I had my online receipt, but he wouldn't acknowledge my receipt. I asked if they had the phone number to call expedia...he said that he did not and that was why I needed to call them. I asked if he wouldn't mind looking up their number on the internet, and he said that he didn't have the internet. I found the customer service # on my receipt and asked if I could call using the hotel phone, he said no. Luckily my cell phone worked ($3 / minute) and I called Expedia who apologized for the confusion and faxed the hotel a copy of our transaction. This process took 3 hours and they made us stay in the lobby the whole time with no apologies and absolutely no help whatsoever to resolve the issue --- despite the fact that I had my receipt!!! The entire time, the staff acted like they had no vested interest in helping me at all. They didn't offer us drinks, food, a phone to call...nothing. I repeatedly asked to speak with the manager, and was denied. The only word that ever came from the manager was that if we wanted to forget our prepaid reservation, we could have a room for $440/night + taxes! My Expedia rate was $ 154/ night. My advice is this: do not stay at this hotel. If you do, definitely use Apple vacations, b/c they have a representative at the hotel that will ensure that you don't get abused like this. The beach is great. The pool is great. The rooms are fine. The food is bad. Much worse than what we eat at home. I'm not high maintenance at all, trust me that the food was bad. The place is very a gimicky (sp?). The restaraunts are poorly staffed (3 waiters in 100 seat restaruant) - meaning that you wind up competing for food and attention from the staff. Everything is in disrepair. The pool cues are broken, the fooseball tables are broken, some of the bowling lanes are broken, there are lights out everywhere. They simply don't keep up the monstrosoty of a resort. There must be better options. Truthfully, if I wanted to stay at an all-inclusive ever again ( which I don't), I would go to Riviera Maya because they do a much better job in general. Read my other reviews...this is the first bad review I've ever written. I've traveled all over the world...DO NOT COME HERE. Please heed my word of caution, no matter how cheap it is... don't waste your time off at this place.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>lanny_uk
<Content>DREAM WEDDING       what a sunrise!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LaubsMom
<Content>Great Weather-Nice Time       Euro-Bunji on the Beach  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>willyLondon
<Content>Had a wonderful time! Our group of 6 adults stayed at Ocean Blue from Jan 18-25th and we all had a great time. At this point I will mention that none of us paid for the Elite service and we did not notice any difference in the way we were treated. It never seemed busy or crowded and the staff were without exception helpful and friendly.Even though we were in a developing country, the rooms and other facilities were just as good (or better) than some hotels in Canada. For the first couple of days the maid service wasn't quite up to par but staff was changed and the new maid did a really thorough cleaning. There were a couple of little things that needed fixing ie. the safe in our room and the toilet seat replaced but these were done in a very timely manner. Also, one of our group is confined to a wheelchair and one of his tires went flat. The guest services clerk quickly contacted staff who moved him to a sofa and fixed the tire ( all withing 1/2 hour) The gentleman who fixed it said that the tire lost air again to contact him  he would personally take it into town to be repaired.---he didn't hang around for a tip either, although we did of course pay him. We have been to a resort in Cuba where it seemed the staff were always expecting a tip but this didn't seem to be the case here. I would much rather tip people who provide good service whether or not they are paid.This was the most beautiful beach we have been too and seemed to have the largest and nicest area of all the resorts in the vicinity. The pools were huge and we were in them every day.No problems getting umbrellas or lounges but the pins are missing which hold up the umbrella. My husband had the answer for that---we had a couple of $1 store packages of pencils which we were going to leave for the maid  they fit into the umbrellas perfectly--- also provided a Canada pencil for the person who removed it.The food in the main buffet was the best. We did try route 66  the Italian restaurant but weren't that impressed.On the last evening the main buffet had an international night and the food was served in the kitchen. What a beautiful display!!! The kitchen was enormous and emaculate!! There was even a roast of beef. We all had no complaints about the food --there was something for everyone  not too much fish. Mikes and the sports bar were great.All of us had a great time--relaxation, no hassells .  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>matfel7
<Content>Had a Great Time We visited the OCean Blue Jan. 19 - Jan. 26th, we were a family of four, two children age 11 and 12, We did upgrade to the Elite club when booking our vacation. We arrived at the resort and checked in, the Elite check in is nice, when you get off the bus go to the left side of the lobby for Elite check in Right side for regular check in. We were taken by golf cart to our room by the Elite staff, we were in buildiing 6 closest to the beach, which was nice, The rooms were nice, decent size and the bathroom was very large with a seperate shower and tub, The fridge was stocked, The resort is large and was booked fully but never seemed crowded, we never had a problem getting a chair by the pool or at the beach at any time, some of the umbrellas at the pool are missing the pin to hold them up but there are plenty that are fine and they others you can play with to get to stay up. The pools are gigantic, two that were never crowded, yes there are missing tiles and yes there is some algae, just don;t swim there, the algae is in areas that are less used, the tiles are no big deal, I would rather have that then a drained pool being repaired. The beach is gorgeous, we were able to swim every day because the waves were never over powering, Definitely one of the nicest beaches around. There were plenty of bars we always take our big mugs but in this case never used them, we found there were so many bars to get to there was no need, I do wish they had self serve pop machines and slushie machines, but service was fast at the bars and always with a smile. The food was good, the buffet at the beach did have the same stuff every day but you can always walk to the main buffet that had a good selection. We ate at the mexican, Route 66 they were great, we did have the Lobster dinner included with the Elite club and had that, it was nice but we wouldn;t do it again, the kids were brought chicken and fries as they aren;t fish eaters. Mikes coffee house as everyone has said is a must. We all loved it my kids would go up a few times a day for donuts and hot chocolate or smoothies, We did have the food in the sports bar one night the wings were great but they don;t come out until 11 and we were usually in bed by then. WE did take advantage of the room service included with the Elite, my kids thought this was great, they would order pizza everyday and one day they ordered breakfast. The maid service was great, I can only speak of our room, it was cleaned by 11:00 a.m. every day and was spotless, around 8:00 p.m the turn down service maid came in and would change all our dirty towels in the bathroom and empty the garbage, The fridge was always stocked and I would leave a note asking for specific drinks and it was always done. I read alot about the Time share hassles, yes they stand at the buffet entrance and would put out there hand to shake yours to get you, but a No Gracias and keep walking did the trick, no big deal, The service in the breakfast buffet was sometimes slower to get coffee etc, but it depended on the time you went, if you went early enough you were fine, if you went around 8:30 it was packed and they were run off thier feet, oh well, My son and husband did one excursion the Zip Line and loved it, it was only a half day excursion, they also went para sailing off the beach and loved that, lots to do if you want to do it, if you want to just sit they don;t bother you. We had no problem with our safe or theft in any way, the room was not musty, and the air worked fine. The staff were all friendly and always spoke, we all enjoyed this resort and would recomend it, we had one mis hap our first day our 11 year old opened two drawers at once on the dresser and it tipped over so just be careful of this, no big deal, if you have any questions let me know, hope this review helps I am sure that some people do have some negative experiences the people we spoke to were all having a great time, Have fun and relax and enjoy yourself  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ajleibman
<Content>Great vacation for families We just returned from the Ocean Blue and vacationed there with our two teenagers. We had a wonderful time. The resort is lovely and the property is beautiful. There is plenty for the teenagers to do, including bowling, air hockey, rock climbing wall, water sports, beach competitions etc.... I read all of the reviews. It is important to keep in mind that this is an all inclusive resort in the Dominican Republic. That means that the standards are not the same as in the USA. That being said, the food was good, the rooms were lovely and the pools fantastic. You are assured great weather. The specialty restaurants do not take reservations, so you do wait but we enjoyed the music and a drink which made it tolerable. Mike's coffee shop is wonderful and something you do not find at other resorts. As for the negative reviews....The pool is missing a few tiles-so what???? The pool is enormous and beautiful. Yes, the rooms are dark, so bring two 100 watt bulbs with you and there is no problem. The hot water was not a problem when I was there. If you want premium drinks, then pay extra for the elite rooms or try another hotel, since this is not one that attracts a lot of bar sitters. Absolutely..the time share people are a pain. We did do the time share presentation the first morning and got two free massages and a nice gift basket. Definitely worth it and it prevents them from hassling you the rest of the vacation.Some suggestions:-Bring two 100 watt bulbs for the room.-Bring lots of $1.00 bills and tip for good service. Give the maids money and ask for extra towels. -Bring some clothes in good condition that you would ordinarily donate to charity-the staff will appreciate them.-For teenagers-bring a football and a tennis ball, they can organize games with other kids/adults on the beach.-Ask for a room facing the pool, otherwise your view will be the back of the resort, This hotel is best for families, especially teenagers. I would not recommend it for a romantic vacation or singles.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BeachFans17
<Content>Great for families We went to Ocean Blue during Spring Break last year. Yes, I read every review on TripAdvisor. We travel a lot and this was our first all inclusive. Here are my brief comments. The food was better than I expected. There were NO lines to eat. The drinks were great. Definitely bring a insulated mug but don't look like a goofball with a huge cup that trumps the biggest big gulp. The beach was awesome- almost pink sand and in perfect shape. The people were so friendly. We unknowingly purchased an upgrade to the elite club. I would do that again as you get a great level of service. Our son was ill (it turned out he was sick when we departed on the trip) and they took tremendous care of our family as we made a trip to the clinic. We had 5 people (3 children) in one room which saved us some money but was not worth it as the shower situation was a challenge. Rooms were very clean. You will enjoy your stay here just don't sweat some of the small things. Great diversity of guests from the US, Canada, and Europe! Heading to Riviera Maya this year to try something different but strongly reccomend Ocean Blue for families. Personally, i would not reccomend for honeymooners....  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kikilynn
<Content>Amazing! My boyfriend booked this trip as a last minute suprise for us but I was a little aprehensive about going after reading some of the negative reviews. However, there was nothing notable to complain about. All the staff were friendly and greeted us with a Hola everytime they saw us. Our room was clean, didn't have a bad smell and always had hot water. When we first arrived our safe wasn't working so we called and security came to fix it within 10 minutes, there were no other problems after that. Yes, the pool was missing some tiles in areas, but it was in no way dangerous and in order to replace the tiles, the pool would have to be closed and drained, giving the nit pickers something else to complain about. The food was ok, breakfast and lunch were the best. Dinner was a hit or a miss but the food was far from gag inducing like some have suggested. We loved Mike's Coffee; the people there are friendly but be warned if you're a pretty girl..their flattery gets a bit creepy after a while. The shows were probably the worst thing about OB. They were cheesy and far from entertaining but you're not obligated to go or stay. Other than that, we had a fabulous time and want to go back...the vacation is what you make of it; if you complain the whole time I guarantee you're not going to enjoy yourself and you will have wasted your money!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>akam
<Content>Excellent Vacation.... Great Time       Ocean Blue Pool Bar  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vanisletraveller101
<Content>Average to good, but not fantastic Before we left, we were absolutely stumped about how a resort could inspire such a wide range of reviews from a broad spectrum of writers. Having spent a week at the Ocean Blue, we can understand this now.In a nutshell, there are many aspects of the resort which are average. And one person can look at something that is average and interpret it as very good while another person can take the opposing view.So, here is our view of this resort.THE BEACH: We chose the Punta Cana region of the DR because of the beaches. And it was a good choice. No, there is not a whole lot of seaweed. There is a very strong current during both a rising and falling tide. This carries the seaweed away from the beach in front of the resort. However, at ebbing tides, the current stops and there is a great deal of seaweed accumulated on the ocean floor. So, if you judge the beach during that one hour or so, you will write that there is a lot of seaweed present. It was very windy most days we were there. The waves in front of the resort were fun to play in but certainly safe. We went for a long walk down the beach to the east one day and noticed that the waves were much larger not too far from the OB.THE POOLS: Two very large pools with an abundance of lounges around them. There is maintenance happening in the off hours, but there is definately some slimy patches, particularly in the lesser used blue pool. The tiles were likely not the best choice of bottom for the pools as they are definately coming off (our daughter made a game of finding detached tiles and collecting them), but to no great detriment of the pool. At both the beach and the pool, it was always easy to get loungers at any time of the day. And the resort was full to capacity. Don't waste a moment of your precious vacation time getting up and reserving chairs early in the morning!!THE ROOMS: Our room (third floor of Bldg 5) was just fine. Again, if anything it was average. Always kept spotlessly clean, very comfy beds but the furniture is already showing lots of wear and tear (I think the resort is only about 5 years old, so this is a bit surprising). No musky smell, but the courtesy room we were given after checkout to shower in did have a very faint musky odor present. Water pressure in our room varied. One sink had tons of pressure while the other sink and the shower were a bit dodgy at times. We did not have any issues with the lighting. Perhaps we had somebody's left over light bulbs.THE FOOD: This aspect of the resort is probably where the term average really comes to the forefront. We ate at both buffets, Route 66, the Italian, the Mexican and the Caribbean Grill. All were OK, but we will likely not remember any great culinary highlights a year from now. But we also took the view that we had chosen an all inclusive, and not the most expensive AI in the neighbourhood, so it was likely not going to be Wolfgang Puck preparing our meals. If we had wanted a more gourmet experience, we would have either not gone to an AI or would have bucked up a couple of thousand more. You do have to bear in mind that the style of cooking in the DR is different than perhaps you are used to. They use lots of oils on everything.THE BARS: Way, way above average. If you want them, there is an abundance of top shelf liquors available. Corona was available at a couple of places, and not just for one hour a day!! We found the bartenders and wait staff to be simply outstanding. THE STAFF: With very few exceptions, the staff we interacted with were all friendly and outgoing. Yes, we did tip (we were blown away at how few guests tipped, and wondered if these same people would ignore good service in their home towns and not tip there), but watched the same great attitude and service given to others who were not tipping. English is definately a second language, but you are a guest in their country.OTHER STUFF: The timeshare guys at the breakfast buffet are a pain, but a friendly no gave most of them the message. Check-in and check-out were absolutely painless.We did not take in any of the shows, so cannot comment.Mikes Coffee, fabulous.The beach market next to the resort is great. We found the vendors to be way less aggresive than their counterparts at the market two miles up the beach to the east. It was also interesting that there are a bunch of dogs wandering around this market area and on the beach in front, but not once did we see any dog poop.Our kids chose not to go to the Kids Club, so again, no comment possible.In closing, we enjoyed every second at this resort, in large part because we chose to enjoy it rather than focusing on any negatives present. It was fun to people watch and figure out where all of the negative reviews for the next couple of weeks on Tripadvisor would come from.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>mondx
<Content>Ok But not the best. We stayed at the resort for just a little less than a week with another couple. We had ordered a room with a king bed but did not get one. Room was a little musty smelling. Had no problem with hot water or water pressure. Room was always cleaned and restocked if you left a note telling what you needed, if you left a dollar or 2 this may help. Food ok but not the greatest noon buffet always the same nothing changes. Coffee shop opens at 10am so if you get up early don't go there. Free breakest or show you around = timeshare so if you don't want to be bothered a persistent no will be in order. Not the best I have been but not the worst. Rate 6.5 or 7 out of 10. A couple of dollar tips at the bar would also help you out .Sports bar Jose is great and was pleasent, lobby bar Juan  Validimere, small pool bar Johnny all there to help and serve you.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>cat45522
<Content>Some Good, Some Bad I recently stayed at Ocean Blue Jan 5-12 with my boyfriend and another couple. We booked our trip through Apple Vacations, which I highly recommend!! Overall, the facilities were very clean and well kept. There was some minor construction on sidewalks, etc around the resort. The pools and beach were all very nice. The resort was at full capacity during our stay, but we never had an issue finding chairs/umbrellas on the beach and around the pool. I guess we were lucky with our rooms...no problems with water pressure or temperture, and always kept very clean. I would leave a dollar or two for the maids with a note to leave more beer..sometimes we got it, most times not. Lighting is definitely an issue, so it was a good thing we brought down our own light bulbs. Customer service is hit or miss. In the buffet and a la cartes, service was sometimes really fast and other times non existent. We never had to wait in line for the a la cartes, but we did wait until 7pm to eat every night. Food is also hit or miss..if you are a picky eater, I would not suggest this resort. I was very surprised at the overall quality of the food because I have been to many other all-inclusive resorts where the food was unbelievably good. Here it was just ok. One of the reasons we chose this resort was because of all the restaurants we could choose from, but not one really stuck out as great. Like the other reviews though, Mikes Coffee rated high for all of us. Food and customer service were fantastic there.Bars were also an issue. The bartenders really do expect you to tip everytime or else they won't serve you. Everytime any of us went to the bar (especially in the lobby at night) we had to wait atleast 10 minutes before anyone would serve us. When you are finally served, tell them what brand of alcohol you want in your drink...otherwise they give you bottom shelf crap. It may not look like they have top brand names, but they do...it is well hidden behind the cheap alcohol. I would not go back to this resort mostly because of the food and overall customer service. I had a good time, but for the amount of money you have to spend for these trips, I expect better quality even for an all -inclusive.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>hopeihelptorontoON
<Content>Never again buyer beware!!!! Honestly besides the great weather and beautiful beaches - I cannot find anything truly positive to say about our stay as a family travelling with a large group for a wedding (70+ people).I would have never paid the money spent to travel here NOR the money spent on tips just to get service if I had known about this resort and it's downfalls. From the minute we arrived till we left, people in our party were getting sick, having issues with their rooms, incidents of rude staff, complaints of poor housekeeping, but the list can truly go on with a large party. The wedding day, the poor bride herself had to wait TWO HOURS for the Judge to arrive that she opted to have her wedding photos done BEFORE her vows because it was getting too dark, I think she even walked herself to the beach because they wouldnt give her a cart to ride in. Hopefully she will post to let the brides to be know what to expect from this resort if you are planning a wedding there. The staff at times were so unorganized and rude - unless you tip - you are not getting a drink. The beach bars and lobby bar - they didnt even acknowledge you unless you flashed a bill - and if you didnt tip, they didnt come back. Unless you line up for an hour, you are not getting a table in the a la cartes. The food in the restaurants were average so we didnt bother going back. Some enjoyed their meals, others were so sick..it was a toss up all week. The food was expected for Dominican - average. One bonus: Mike's coffee bar was the best with happy helpful staff and great atmosphere - cheesecake to die for!!!! Breakfasts and beach bar were sufficient. Drinks were to be expected. BUT note: You might as well set your own table at the buffet, get your own coffee and cutlery because on any given meal - you may get the staff who cannot be bothered - we experienced some great people and tipped accordingly but it was pretty unbelieveable the attitude that was given more often than not. I saw people in our party with small children trying to juggle drinks etc. because the staff didnt offer any help. You get harassed going in and out of the buffet by time share employees who are very agressive at times and quite annoying. Many of the people we went with had to be moved from one entire villa given lack of air conditioning, one couple with kids I think moved three times given some serious issus with their room - I am sure they will post on here for sure - their experience was unbelievable. The rooms are turned over and wiped down but sheets are not changed and these are wiped off not cleaned. Throw your sheets/bedding in the bathtub to ensure clean sheets each day. Beach was beautiful, too bad guests are so dirty littering on beach. Saw staff cleaning and seemed like people with kids had a good time given the activities for them - boogie boards, bungie jumps, kids club. Overall for what we paid to stay at this resort and the amount of people we travelled with - I dont think anyone would agree they got your monies worth. I know there are many of us writing letters to SIGNATURE and the travel agency about the issues we had. I would never return to this underkept, poorly staffed, disorganized resort again and recommend anyone travelling here to be aware of what you get........NOT A 4.5 STAR AT ALL - TRY A 3. If that is what you are expecting, you wont be disapointed. Any more than that, make sure you get a great deal.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	1	5	

<Author>TravelBugNH
<Content>Ocean Blue - Great Time! We just returned from a week in Punta Cana at the Ocean Blue and had a better-than-expected-time, especially after reading some of the reviews here!We got a terrific last minute deal from Expedia (booked on Fri. left on Sun AM). Easy time checking in, asked for a room on the 2nd or 3rd floor and got a very nice room on the 3rd (Bldg. 7, Rm 7305) which overlooked the gardens and front walkways and to the left, the pools and ocean. The large veranda was a great place to have coffee in the AM. Lovely, spacious room with nice dark wood accents and furnishings, colorful bedspread on the king bed and futon. Nice marble tiled bathrm w/jacuuzi tub.The 2 pools are awesome, along with the swim-up bars! (Try a Miami Vice). Friendly bartenders made it fun and we met lots of people from all over, meeting them for drinks and dinner. It's a popular resort for Canadians, Germans, Americans, French  Spanish. The buffet food was better than expected and I over-indulged in all the fresh fruits every meal. For b'fast there are several omelet, pancake stations and tons of choices. For lunch and dinner, the pasta stations are terrific. The desserts are pretty sweet but there's always ice cream. The specialty restaurants were so-so, (the Mexican restaurant puts what looks like cheese wiz on everything even tho I asked them not to - you have to remember English might not be totally understood altho it was amazing how many bartenders, etc. spoke several languages). Very nice atmosphere and we were eating 3 huge meals a day so were not going to complain. We had fun at the sports bar playing pool, and the coffee and desserts at Mike's Coffee Shop were excellent. I wished they were open before 10AM but oh well. We didn't try the extra cost restaurants since there were so many choices with price included.The decor and landscaping, pools and all buildings are just lovely. Yes, there are a few missing tiles in the pools, but we found everything spotless, the maid service excellent and loved the Lobby areas- just fabulous and a great place for a drink  to meet people. The shows are pretty cheesy, as described in other reviews, but kids might like them. There's enough to do to stay busy: stretching/Yoga in the AM, water aerobics at noon, step at 4. Yes, they might not compare to your gym at home (certainly no comparison to our Les Mils programs at ours) but fun and necessary for us after over-indulging. We had no problem getting an umbrella  chairs at any time by the pools. It was pretty windy at the beach so we only hung there one half day. We found the ocean  pool temperatures perfect, altho one swim-up bar is in the shade so we stayed submerged while hanging there! The weather was picture perfect except for one afternoon-early-evening rain storm which was fun to watch from the bars or our veranda. An umbrella in the room was a nice touch.For the price we paid (last minute is incredible!) we were more than satisfied and will certainly recommend this resort, and probably return again. My only real complaint was that the bed was not real comfortable - if they upgraded the mattresses (we're spoiled with decent beds at home) it would really help. That would cinch a trip back for us.Oh and one other thing - LOSE the TIME SHARE people who nab you when you check in, insisting on breakfast to tell you about the resort! It was late, we had a delayed flight, were exhausted and alto suspicious, thought it just might be a quick info of what to do. We should have just said NO but they called and woke us the next morning. I finally insisted they tell us what it was about and they admitted it was a vacation plan. They'll try to nab you on your way into breakfast almost every day but it's easy to wave them off. If I were managing this resort I'd insist they either be upfront at the start about what they're trying to sell you, or better yet, be off premises. We're pretty good about choosing places and have heard too many horror stories about these companies going out of business, extra fees being charged, etc. to be interested in any plan. It was a small thing, but if you're like us and don't want to waste a precious minute of your well-earned vacation, be warned!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>loulou077
<Content>Best thing was the sun!! Just got back from from ocean beach resort.Mixed feelings really.If it wasnt for the sun I think the holiday would have been a bit dissapointing!!Check in to hotel was dreadful,We have two children.6yrs and 1yr.There was no room for us!!Having to sort this out 10.30 at night after a 9hr flight was awful!!Eventually found us a room,not serviced,dirty,no cot!Anyway after 2-3days got it sorted.Then we had no water,people using pool water to flush toilets! Nothing worked in room,air-conditioning broke down for 4 days.Moved room again.Whilst collecting our cases to move we were horrified to see an American couple checking in to our room!No a/c,unserviced smelly room!Although we did experience lots of problems with the accomodation we enjoyed spending time together as a family.We would like to go back to Dom Rep just not this hotel.We felt the staff althougjh very nice and friendly,werent competent enough to deal with such problems.Feel sad to write this review as the resort itself was fine,we just paid a lot of money for sub-standard servce.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>Flixfan
<Content>Won't go back I can safely say that my friend  I will never go back to this place. This resort totally caters to non-Americans and we felt offended and disregarded the whole time. First of all, I requested a room close to the pool or beach, and that was not given. Secondly, I asked for a room with a balcony, and that was not given. Only response we got We are filled. When I asked to talk to a manager He is not here. When I pulled the clout of US Air it didn't matter anyways. Our room was quite a hike to the pool and beach area. The phone in the room didn't work for 3 days after many walks up to the lobby to tell them. No sense of urgency or customer service. The jets in the tub sprayed out all over bathroom and we had to get someone walking by our building (since phone didn't work) and it was late at night to call housekeeping. Two hours later they came at 1am to simply mop up and they didn't replace any towels (which were used on the floor) until later the next day. The restaurant reservation system was non-condusive. You have to get in line 1 hour before they open (which means sacrificing beach/pool time) to stand in line and hope to get a table. So we we were only able to get a table one night out of the 4 because the lines were so long. This place needs to re-establish their dining system.  As for the transfer with Turinter - there was nobody there with a sign for Us Air vacations as I was told. The airport itself was chaotic after being shuffled around a dozen pushy taxi and tour people finally saw a guy in pink Turinter shirt. Again, there needs to be a better system in place, you need to make sure a viable US Air rep is present at all times or people would get on the wrong shuttle or give up and get in a taxi. The rep didn't want to talk with us about our departure since we didn't purchase any excursions. We found our names on a book at the Turinter desk the morning of showing what time. Absolutely no communication or customer service effort made. With all the competition out there we definitely will not go back here or even the DR again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Luba459
<Content>Worst Resort in Dominican I have stayed at many resorts in Dominican Republic but I have never had such a bad stay. The rooms in general suck, the lighting is so dim that reading is out of the option, in fact, putting on make-up is also out of the option. The ceiling in out bathroom fell through and the shower had NO pressure. If the shower were running at the same time as the sink than neither would have hot water. The service in the resort was horrible. We called for towels and didn't recieve them till the next day. The waiters at the restaurant didn't want to serve at all. Half way through the vacation we realized that you need to get a table and ask for double the drinks cause if you're lucky enough to get served once then their NOT coming back again.The food at the restaurants was very limited. No variety. I stayed for a week and didn't see the entertainment staff once. The only good part about the resort was the casino and the only reason they're nice to you there is cause you're giving them your money.Then if all that wasnt enough, two people in my party got lice. Which is no surprise since they didn't even change the sheets.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	5	1	-1	

<Author>Dominican_Stud
<Content>Always a Great Time! HOLA`....Just got back from Ocean Blue.We stayed from Jan.5-Jan12 with a group of 4.This was my 5th time visiting the DR and the other couple we were withs 2nd time.This was our first time staying at Ocean Blue in which we havent stayed at the same resot twice yet but probably will now!I will try to cover everything so this could be some help to people because I know I depend on reviews alot myself!CHECK IN-Check in was quick and easy nobody in line,rooms were ready and was given a cold wash cloth for your face and neck.When your done at check in they tell you to go over and talk to some people about the resort!(Timeshare People)Just say no and continue on!ROOM-We were in Villa 3 room 3208.It was centrally located so it was about the same walk to the lobby as it was the pool.Room was fine no Must or smells and the lighting was fine.We took light bulbs with us but never used then and left them there when we left.We tipped are maid $2 aday plus with either something for her or her kids.She expressed her Thanks to us but we did not receive any extra services.Our friends next door didnt tip and got the same so its just your preference.Room was always clean but then again I was on VACATION so I only slept and showered in the room.POOLS-Pools were great!2 large pools with always plenty of chairs.2 swim up pool bars with always Cold drinks!Go see Julio at the Yellow pool!The water was cold but always felt good because you get so Hot!There are pool tiles missing but get over it.That shouldnt bother somebody on vacation unless your lookin to complain.What should they do close for 2 weeks to drain the pool fix them and refill it?BEACH/OCEAN-Beautiful! Soft sand Blue water very spacious with plenty of chairs.Can't complain about trash because if people werent so lazy to pick up your own stuff it wouldnt be there! BEACH VENDORS-I love shopping at the Beach vendors.I think it is Hilarious and I always get my stuff (CHEAPY CHEAPY ALMOST FREE TODAY)just give them half of what they tell you and $1 for them.Works everytime!DAILY ACTIVITIES-There are plenty of things to do during the day besides lay by the pool and drink which is a very popular option but the also have Volleyball,Soccer,Bocce Ball,Rock climbing wall,Trampolines,Watersports.I'm sure you can find something!ENTERTAINMENT STAFF-These people are Fanastic!They work longer days then were awake and are always smiling and trying to make us have a better time then we already are.Ricky is the MAN!I never forget that dude and if you go to this resort you will know who he is and why you'll never forget him!BARS-Not much to say because there were so many bars service was always good and the drinks were always Cold and Most of the time MUCHO wether you wanted it to be or not!Plenty of drinks to chose from and if you dont know what to drink just ask the person next to you what there having!RESTAURANTS-Buffet- Serves Breakfast-Lunch-Dinner it's repetitive but if you cant find some thing to eat at the buffet then you probably deserve to starve!They had McDonalds Chicken nuggets for dinner I mean come on!Al la cartes-We ate at all the al la carte restaurants except for the pay ones.The wait wasnt long,the service was good,the food was good what more to ask for.The food is going to be different you are in a 3rd world country.If you like chicken at home then order the chicken do be stupid and order something that you dont know what it is or not sure if you like it and then write a bad review because you didnt like!Plenty to chose from people!SHOWS/NIGHTLY ENTERTAINMENT-The shows were Ok!Being are 5th time to DR we knew what to expect.There something to do after dinner while you letting your food digest.Have some drinks and watch the show.Looby bar usually had a live singer /or some kind of music playing if thats what you like!Sports bar open till 6am with food served buffet style after 11pm.Wave Disco opened about 10 or 11 and was open till 2 had a bar with cold drinks and people dancing all the time so you can't go wrong there!They play about 70/30 Spanish to American music but whatever.The Casino opens at 7pm and was open 3am nightly.Its not vegas people but it's fun!The nicest friendliest people at the resort work in the the Casino.If you go in find Ronny he's the MAN!(THAT A BOY!)TIMESHARE PEOPLE-I was never onced approached by these people.They usual only pressured you at Breakfast and Im not a breakfast person so didnt see them.The other couple we were with actually went and listened to what they had to say.It took them 45 minutes were never pressured once about anything and were given $140usd when they were done!WOW definetly worth it!WEATHER-It was 85-88 degrees everyday with hardly a cloud in the sky.It never rained once during the day but I think it rained for 5 minutes on 2 different days when we were showering for dinner.It gets a little windy on most nights but usually fells great!ALL IN ALL-We had a great time and always do in the DR.At a place like this the only way to not have a good time is to not want to!If you go looking for something to complain about then sure theres going to be plenty to complain about but just go with with an open mind drink lots of Cuba Libres` and have a good time! I know I've left out a ton of stuff i could of talked about but this is probably to long of a review as it is.If you would like to know anymore or anything about this resort i would be more thean willing to answer you questions!I can't wait to go back.Didnt want to leave!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	1	

<Author>Kris9206
<Content>Awesome Time We traveled to Punta Cana from January 6-11,2008. There were 7 women traveling in our group. We had a great time .We stayed in Villa 3 which i think was a perfect location it was in the middle of everything. The service at the hotel was excellent we felt as though the staff was very happy to see you and would help you with whatever you wanted. We went to the Italian restaurant which was excellent. the next night we tried the Mexican. The food was good but it was very difficult for us to get seated. We put our name in and they said it would be 30 minutes which was fine considering there were 7 of us. So after waiting at least 30 minutes we went back to the hostess to ask how much longer and she said another 30 minutes even though the resataurant was half empty. So we aren't really sure what that was about. The rest of the week we ate at the buffett for dinner. We found that it had a wide variety of food and the service was great. The beach and pools were georgeous. We spend most of our days at the beach and never had a problem finding a beach chair. We went banana boating and parasailing. We also did a snorkeling/party boat cruise that i would highly recommend to anyone. The tour was called the Ron Tiki. They staff on the boat was very energetic and entertained us the whole time. This was definately one of the most fun things we did all week. There is definately a problem with the lighting in the room. we brought 2 100wt light bulbs and im glad we did. That is the only complaint we had about the room. Our safe broke twice but they were there within minutes to fix it. There was always plenty of hot water and the jacuzzis in the room are great. I would recommend this resort to anyone and hope to return someday.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dr_Trainer
<Content>We had a great time! We just returned today from our stay at Ocean Blue. This was our 2nd trip to Punta Cana (Sunscape the Beach last time) and we are in the process of planning another trip with our teenagers in June. We traveled with another couple that has been to PC 5 times at 5 different resorts.We had a great time, loved the pool and beach, casino, drinks, and poolside entertainment. We won medals for a bocci tournament - Ricky was a HOOT.Food was fine - not sure what people who complain are looking for. We ate at the buffet twice for dinner, italian twice, mexican, dominican, and route 66. If you can't find something you like to eat, you are simply too picky.We listened to a timeshare that's not a timeshare presentation and were paid $140 USD. Not too much pressure and only took 45 min.LOVED the casino and the staff in there, especially Ronnie.We didn't tip our housekeepers and received the same service as the couple traveling with us that did tip. I think that's a matter of personal preference. We didn't use the safe at all. We heard someone had money stolen while we were there, but we had a laptop, wallet, purse, etc... in the room and didn't have anything missing.The beach was beautiful and the vendors weren't very high pressure at all. We bought 10 t-shirts and paid 1/2 the original price he quoted. He asked us for a $1 tip which we were happy to give him.When we travel we don't get hung up on a few missing tiles (what's the big deal?), the lack of television stations in english, the lack of bright light in the room ( we spent very little time in our room), and other seemingly small things. We were with great friends and had a wonderful, relaxing vacation.Only two small negatives: We took a laptop and paid $25 for 24 hours of wireless service which never worked. We didn't get our money back, so it was a wasted expense plus I lugged the laptop there and back for nothing. Also, the gift shop only took cash, no credit cards. Again, these were minor things to us and we won't dwell on them.Keep an open mind, relax and have fun. After all, it's VACATION. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>countrygil
<Content>Awesome This is the best resort I have stayed at yet..8 of us girls went there in 2005 and had a wonderful time,,Well it was so good we are returning on March 31,2008..This is our 4th year traveling and this resort has been our favorite we are so excited to be going back..Anyone who had a terrible time are probably people you couldn't please at any resort..The food was great,the staff was very friendly.The pools and beach were breath taking and I haven't been to a resort as amazing yet nothing even comes close to comparing.I am sure my experience this year will be the same as it was in 2005..  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jog03
<Content>Loved the place       from our room  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ATOZNJ
<Content>Great Place................ I just got back from Ocean Blue today. I was there from January 4th thru the 9th. The place is very clean, when you walk around the resort you will see men picking up leaves fron the palm trees. At night they are lining up the pool chairs for the next day. I am writing this to pay back to the people who helped me. I almost canceled this trip 2 days prior from these reviews. I been reading the reviews since August, 2007 when I booked this trip. First I want to say if you are a snob and going to act like oneSTAY HOME. Remember this a third world country and you will find faults. There are missing tiles in the pool, so what!!!!! Both pools are beautiful. Yes we didn,t have water from noon to 4;00 one day, so what, it does come back on. No problem with hot water,The beach is one of the most beautiful beaches I've seen. Any one been to Burmuda, Caymen Islands or Aruba. Then you know what I am talking about. Clean and soft sand, no shells just nice blue water. Yes you need 2 100 wattLITE bulbs. Our room had them from another party the was there. Also try to book your tour thru Apple Vacation. They have the rooms reserved in Villa 5 we stay in room 5316. Building 5 3rd fl. I requested the 3rd floor and got it. I don't like to hear foot steps above me. The food was good! One person said it was american. Yes, what is wrong with that. Pizza, Hot dogs, hamburgers, french fries for lunch. There was Salad, fresh fruit, deserts, an omlet station, french toast station and a pancake station for breakfast, also fresh fruit smoothies. We only eat at the Italian rest. If you like to eat around 6- 6;15 that is perfect. The place opens at 6;30 and they line up. Food is good. Mikes coffee shop IS THE BEST COFFEE SHOP AROUND, BEAT STARBUCKS, COOKIES, PASTRIES AND GREAT COFFEE to die for.......I didn't try route 66 the american place that looks like Johnny Rockets. Why????? I can get that food at the buffet.....The service was great. When you seat yourself someone will come over at the buffet to take your drink order, when they come back with. TIP A DOLLAR and they will remember you the next day. The maid.......We left her $3.00 a day and a note in spanish thanking her for cleaning the room and to bring extra water  towels. And she did. HINT ABOUTBRUSHNG TEETH. DON'T DRINK THE WATER FROM THE TAP. RINSE YOUR MOUTH, WASH YOUR BRUSH WITH BOTTEL WATER AND BUY TRAVEL SIZE MOUTH WASH EVEN THOUGH THEY PROVIDE IT TO YOU. I used the safe during the day, no problem. At night I had my passports on me. Getting into Punta Cana you have to pay $10.00 per person for a tourist card. Leaving the country be prepared for a check of your luggage from Agriculture, and you will show your passport 3 times. At check in, and twice before you board the plane. The drinks and the food were good, the shows are not great but go see oneor two. The lobby Bar in the evening is hopping. Remember tip a dollar and make someone who is working hard know that you appreciate the efforts. If anyone want more information just drop me a line. This vacation reminded me of a cruise with out the ship.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lfpToronto
<Content>Disappointed, but sunshine was great The substandard service started right at check-in and ended with us taking off, a week later, almost half an hour late. We (13 of us) arrived in early afternoon to a slow, frustrating check-in. Our rooms were not as requested (King beds with pullouts) but instead 2 Queen beds and no adjoining rooms. They managed to accomodate one adjoining room but not the other. We were given our keys and told rooms would not be ready until after 3:00 pm. We took our stuff and went to the pool. When we went to our room at 3:40, there were still people in it and it was filthy. The guests told us they had been given a late check-out time of 3:00 pm. When we noted it was now 3:40 they agreed to vacate the room. It was another hour before the room was cleaned and available to us. When we tried to get a beach towel for around the pool we were told there weren't any and to come back the next day. Towels seemed to be an aggravation the whole week...both towels for around the poolside and their silly card exchange for a towel (or $15 if you lose the towel or card)...and towels for your room. We were continually being told 'towels are in the laundry, we will have them later for you'. It was ridiculous...like a simple solution would be to BUY more towels. A resort like this should never run out.  The room itself was damp and musty and this never really changed the whole week. The bathroom was a little tired with aged fixtures...some of which worked and some didn't. Over all it was okay but nothing special. Light in the room is dim but luckily we had taken 60 Watt light bulbs. The lady who cleaned our room was very nice, and she tried her best to understand us and meet any requests. We did tip her each day which made her very happy. The buffet was the best bet for food. It is quite large and usually everyone could find something they liked. A couple of meals were great (like the pasta and oriental where they cook what you want in it) but otherwise I would say food is average. The a la carte restaurants were the biggest disappointment of the week. After a 2 and one half hour wait the first night for the 'Italian' restaurant we finally left and ate elsewhere. The service at the al a carte restaurants was generally poor. We were extremely disappointed in the service at the 'Dominican' restaurant on New Year's eve where we had reservations. We couldn't leave soon enough after finally being served a mediocre meal and left behind the cake we had ordered for a very special occasion for one of our party members. We went instead to the center square and enjoyed the New Year's festivities and fireworks. We enjoyed Mike's Cafe regularly, even with its long line ups, and the buffet for the rest of the week.  The beach area is lovely for walks and enjoying the ocean. We spent most of our time around the pool however. One of our group would claim our chairs and put our towels and belongings one them before 8:00 am and then we were set for the day. Otherwise we found you couldn't get chairs much after 0800. The pools were large and refreshing but not overly clean. It was somewhat of a concern (to us at least) to see young infants in the pool without any diaper/collection system.  The bartenders were a lot of fun and the service was usually adequate but try to find a decent glass of wine ... notta. The house wines were dreadful and we soon stopped ordering them. But the champagne, bottled beer and brand name liquors were fine.  The internet/cell phone service is also substandard. I used the internet cafe 4 times for a total of 2 hours and it totalled almost $30. This is about what I pay for a whole month of unlimited, DSL cable internet service at home. The connections varied between moderate and slow but did allow me to check my email and contact home. 2 members in our party took their blackberries and service was often delayed but they did get/send messages. Check the long distance rates before making any phone calls. Overall, the week was fun because of the people we were with and the sunshine/great weather. (It only rained the day before we left, for pretty much the whole day.) We made the most of it and enjoyed our families. We quickly learned that the best service we would get was when we served ourselves. Would I recommend this resort to others ... probably not ... at least not to friends. For the same money I think you can find sunny destinations that are newer, cleaner and definitely provide better service to their guests.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>beachbabe27
<Content>Ocean Blue is O.K. We stayed at Ocean Blue from Dec 27- Jan 3. We were a group of 5. My daughter,11, her dad and I in one room and the two grandmothers in the other. We were in villa 7. Our room was great. Not musty, good lighting, hot water and very clean overall.The room the mother's shared was not so great. the light bulbs were burnt out in almost every light and the TV wasn't working. After many calls to the maintenance dept, the TV was fixed and one light bulb was replaced, two days before we left.The food was so so. The breakfast buffet there was such a variety, you could definetly find something to eat. The lunch buffets were a bit tougher. the pizza was good. We didn't dine at the two al a cartes that you had to pay for ($ 40.00 ea). I liked the Italian. I had chicken breast with asparagus and red pepper sauce. It was really good. My mother inlaw ordered the pork tenderloin, not so good. The Mexican restaurant, I had heard some bad reviews of but decided to try it anyway. My daughter and I ordered the chicken fajitas and we both enjoyed it. it was a very long wait to get served though. Thank goodness for the greasy nachos and extremely spicy salsa and margaritas of course. Route 66, don't bother and as for the sports bar that's open after hours, it looks like the left overs from dinner. The only dinner we had to book was the New Years gala. It was definetly not a gala. The food was regular standard buffet fare with the exception of the over cooked lobster floating in melted butter. There was a turkey being carved which was good, but if you didn't get to it quickly it was gone and while we were there (over an hour) I didn't see another one come out.As for the pools and the beach, gorgeous! It was 28-30 degrees everyday with one quick rainstorm that passed within 20 minutes or so. Beware: if you want lounges by the pool get up early. I was looking for at least 3 lounges everyday and I was lucky to get them. I woke up daily well before 8AM and was out there in my pajamas securing the chairs with towels.I found the resort to have enough going on to keep everyone occupied. We snorkeled , banana boated and bowled .My daughter and I hung out in the pool or ocean. There is an art class geared towards adults by the pool. Sat at 11 am and Wed at 3pm. My daughter joined a group of about 15 - 20 people to paint a beautiful landscape. The mothers took a day trip called, I believe the Sahara. They didn't care for it. I believe it's quite an adventurous ride into the mountains.Only one of us got sick. I don't think it was food poisoning. There is a doctor's clinic on site that is very good. As long as you have health insurance, she will prescribe the medication, without any fees. Funny enough, it's usually my daughter with the upset stomach in the caribbean. Before we left her doctor precribed a vaccine called Ducoral. It's a drink you take 2 weeks before the trip and 1 more the week before. The cost is roughly $75.00 . It's the best money I've ever spent . Her stomach was great and she ate the fruit, had ice in her drinks and occasionally forgot and brushed her teeth with the tap water.Bottom line is if you vacation in the Dominican Republic or Cuba, don't count on the food. They are a third world country. If you're looking for an upscale vacation try Aruba or Barbados. It's just going to cost alot more.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>csaag
<Content>Had a 3.5 star time (out of 5) Trip from 12/28/07 thru 1/4/08 via Apple vacations.This place is rated as a 5 star resort. I would call our stay a 3.5 star vacation. We were in the 'Elite' club which comes with extra perks.Before leaving I read all the reviews here and , like many I'm sure, was quite apprehensive about the hotel. I wasn't involved in making the plans, but this was a last second type decision so our choices were limited.No problems getting to the hotel from the airport. The Apple bus stopped at 4 hotels, with ours being the last stop. I think it took a total of about 40 minutes. All the other hotels are next to each other so it didn't eat up that much time being the last stop.Upon arrival we were sent to the private check-in area. We had 2 rooms due the being a family of 5  the ages of the kids. One room was ready ( we got there about 2 hours before official check-in time) so we got a ride to the room.We were in Villa 10, the rooms were seperated by 3 other rooms.The Villa complexes are on both sides of the pools. On our side, Villa 10 is closest to the beach (Villa 6 is closest on the other side) and one of our rooms was 2nd from the end that is closest to the beach. So we had about a 30 second walk to the beach. Nice. Unfortunately, both rooms were on the back half of the villa. The front half rooms have their balcony viewing the pool area. The back half have their balcony facing the back of the resort - which is a ratty 6' high chain link fenced wrapped in a small amount of barbed wire. Very easy to climb over. We had 2 queen size beds. The rooms also had a double sink, jacuzzi tub, shower, phone  hair dryer in the bathroom. Room had a decent sized TV and came with a safe deposit box. But very little space to store clothes. The balcony glass doors have a safety pin that slides between the two frames to lock them, and the front door handle can be lifted all the way to activate the dead bolt. We had no problems with hot water or water pressure.Jacuzzi tub took about 10 minutes to fill up.Rooms were very clean and the maids did a great job during the week keeping them clean. No bug problems.There are 2 large pool areas. The yellow one is closest to the beach. Pools were clean. Yes there are missing tiles here and there. but for the life of me I can't see why so many reviews I've read made such an issue of missing tiles. There is a small jacuzzi pool between the 2 large pools, but is wasn't much warmer than the unheated pools.Beach is gorgeous when it is clean. The guests were slobs and had no problem littering the beach rather than walking to the nearest trash can. The resort probably should have had more trash cans and had them emptied more often. In busy seasons you do need to get up early and reserve chairs at the beach  pool. Pain in the neck but being so close to the beach was a big help here.The beach had a mechanized bingy jumping station, a rock climbing wall, a volleyball area, a beach buffet restaraunt complete with a bar, and another standalone bar. At the far end was the station for purchasing water sports  turning in beach towels. As Elite club members, you get 1 hour/person of free water sports which we used for banana boat  catamaran rides.They also have kayaks (free for anyone), speedboats  parasailing. All of these are done right outside the roped off swimming area of the beach. I'm amazed no one ever collided the way they all zip past one another. I was mostly worried for kids tossed off the banana boats, floating in the water waiting to get picked up while speedboats zip past them. But there were no incidents while we were there. For the most part, the drivers try to toss the kids at the far ends of the path where the boats turn. Much safer at those parts, but occassionally kids lose their gripes in the straightaway portions,  sometimes they just jump off. You can turn in a wet beach towel for a dry one, but you must have a towel to turn in. After a 1 hr rainstorm, staff were removing wet towels from beach chairs, one lady went to get 5 new towels but was refused. She said the staff man who took her towels said she didnt need to turn one in if you're in the Elite Club. They refused to give her towels. We watched her have a 10 min shouting match before they finally gave in.At the end of the resorts beach area is where the local vendors set up shop. You can haggle with them. There were like 2 dozen tents set up. They did not enter the resorts area at all, but if you walk the beach they do try and get you to come to their tent.If you stay by the surf and wave 'no' they don't bother you.Food wasn't all that good overall. The breakfast/lunch buffets were the best - they were heavily americanized. Pancake/eggs/bacon/Orange juice for breakfast. Hot dogs/hamburgers/french fries for lunch. Pretty hard to screw them up. The dinners were a little disappointing. The american restararunt Route 66 had the worst food. Tasted like cardboard. The Italian place was our favorite. They have a buffer dinner which we used once. We did the beach restaurant for New Years Eve and I swear they recycled the Salmon from the day before. You could tell it was cooked on the dinner plate itself. The Dominican rest had good soups, but the main course was blah.Many of our restaraunt reservations, made thru the concierge service via our Elite club, were messed up. Either the wrong time, or the wrong number of people. For New Years Eve, our table had our room number on it,m but they wouldn't sit us because we didn't have a ticket. The concierge told us we didn;t need one beacuse of our Elite club bracelets. In every case, just talking respectfully with the staff led to an amicable resolution. Although we didn't go there with the idea of having to go thru that. We did see some people blow up in similiar circumstances. The kids used room service once (free with Elite club) w/o any problems.Elite club members get a free dinner at one of the 2 pay restaraunts. We chose the steak place and , as expected, a pay restaraunt had much better food than the a la cartes. The pay restaraunts  the a la cartes require adult men to wear long pants.Night consisted of the casino (we didn't visit it), the small disco club (looked in once), the small sports bar (one pool table,  few sports posters/shirts  several TV's) - we did watch the Patriots/Giants game there which packed the place, the main hotel lobby bar with some live music, the theatre (very cheesy dance routines) and the kids sports building. This had a 6 lane bowling area with bumpers, if you need them, and electronic scoring which screwed up quite a few number of times - 1 ping pong table with 2 of the worst paddles I've seen - 4 lopsided pool tables - 2 air hockey tables with pucks about to fall apart  hardly any air flow - and 1 foosball table. At least the kids didn't seem to mind. The kids did like that place. The hotel lobby bar was a fun time. If you like drinking while talking  meeting new people you'll enjoy it.There is a kids club that will put the kids thru activities all day long thru all parts of the resort. We never put our kids in it but we ran across them several times and it didn't look to me like the nightmare issue several reviews have stated about it. Most of the times it was 1 or 2 people leading the group around. There certainly isn't anything to keep kids from wandering off if they want to. But the staff did seem to try  keep the kids entertained.When the kids club vacated an area of the beach where they play soccer, the middle aged kids took it over. My one son played soccer/footlball there several hours each day and had a blast. He met a bunch of other kids and they got together a few nights also at the bowling area.Yes, there is a timeshare push. They called our room several times trying to set up a meeting. There is the Apple reps who also offer to show your their packahe of excursions. One time the timeshare people led us to believe they were going to show us what the Apple people do w/o identifying themselves. When we showed up at the lobby they had one of their people accompany us to breakfast. We actually chatted about many thing at breakfast with him. Finally he asked some info about us and we ended up back at their off cie in th elobby wher ethey give you the 'pitch'. I will say they didn't give us a high pressure pitch. He said he wasn't going to do that and he wouldn't contact us the rest of the trip. He did hold his word on that. When I reached the point where I had enough, his manager came over  asked for 5 more minutes. I politely told him 'no' and that was that. They thanked us and gave us a $100 credit toward an Apple excursion. Basically we traded an hour of time (not countign breakfast) for a $100 voucher. Not a terrible exchange although I'd rather have the option of hearing the pitch. Their reps are stationed at the buffets every day. A few other times someone would approach us but when I told him we already talked to XYZ, they left us alone. We did use the voucher as we previously planned to do some snorkling.The staff seemd friendly. The maids were very appreciative of the small tips I left. Everyone there is appreciative of the tips. You shouldn't need to do it at an all-exclusive but it did seem to help with service.They just didn't seem to have enough people working at the resort. There's no one picking up trash at the beach during the day, the restaraunts seemed understaffed - the coordination between the regular staff  the conceirge needs much improvement, the food needs improvement. There's no excuse for lopsided pool tables or rotting ping pong paddles. They need to seriously rethink how they pitch their timeshares. A bunch of small things - none of which prevented us from enjoying ourselves.We were at a 5 star all inclusive at the Riveria Maya in Mexico a few years ago so we have something to compare it against.In the end we had a good time. We did pick up a mild case of diahrrea halfway thru. Didn't drink the tap water so who knows how we got it. Enjoyed the beach  pool and meeting new people over drinks.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>GhostK9
<Content>Beautiful Resort, but Lacks Friendliness       Swim Up Bar  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>layladylay
<Content>OK food, good drinks, great beach       And what a beach it is  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>02lightning
<Content>Awesome place and I would love to go back!! I booked this trip last minute and I had a fantastic trip. I went as a single male in my late 20's. I had a great time. Eventhough it was Christmas and there were lots of families it was still a fantastic place to go and I would recommend it to anyone.The food was excellent, the rooms were very clean, the service was great, the alcohol wasn't the cheap stuff...and really everything about it was perfect!!The Staff was also GREAT!! Osmin, Angelo, Bella, Suzie...the whole crew was AWESOME!I would go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lauraj157
<Content>The Great, The Good, The Bad and The Wedding!!       In the Honeymoon Suite  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Colette40
<Content>Awful       Clean towels/how the bugs got in our room  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>PeachesChicago
<Content>Paradise Found Before we left to go on a much needed vacation, I read the many mixed reviews of the Ocean Blue Resort. I did take heed to the things that we would need to bring e.g. 100 watt light bulb, mosquito spray, room spray. We were a Black couple from Chicago and we only wanted a perfect vacation to rest from work and the cold for our city.Well, we got everything we were expecting! I booked our vacation through a travel agent with Apple Vacations. Because a colleague of mine raved about a hotel room with an outdoor shower, my husband and I reserved the Honeymoon Suite with an ocean view. Wow! Before we even got to the room, we were treated like celebrities. We were told to go across the lobby area to a private check-in. Our representative there was priceless. We could have her make reservations for dinner or any activites, answer all our questions and direct us to any and everything we needed. The room was beautiful - - no bugs, no musty smells, hot water whenever we showered (the inside and outside shower), plenty of towels, turn-down service in the evening, plenty of water and pop by just leaving a note to the senora. The lighting was low except for the bathroom which had plenty of bright light. We didn't use the in-room safe. We don't trust anyone (did I mention that we are from Chicago?) The weather was perfect. Two times it showered for about 10 minutes. There was not enough seaweed to even mention except that it reminded you that you were on a beach. You do need the mosquito spray at night. They can be pretty bad.I was sick 4 of the 5 days we were there, always in the evening. I was cautious about the water and I think that the fountain water for the Pepsi might not have been the best. As far as restaurants, remember you are not in your native country, the food will taste a little different. Our favorites were the Italian restaurant and Mike's Coffee Shop. Starbucks has nothing on Mike's. We did tip everywhere we went and gave something to the maid everyday. The service at the Mexican restaurant and Route 66 was horrible. We ended up asking if we were invisible. That would have been pretty funny since we were one of maybe two Black couples (man and woman being Black) at the entire resort so we kind of stuck out. The massage at the pool was so relaxing that we had to revive my husband because he had mellowed so much. We had a free massage at the spa and they do more rubbing than massaging, but no complaint - - it was free. All in all, we had a wonderful time and the vacation met all our expectations. Some factors might have been the time of year we chose but definitely an added bonus was our upgraded room that gave us a lot of benefits. Our floor had all the honeymoon suites and the upgraded Elite Club rooms, it was a quiet floor and we only had todeal with the 3 flights of stairs. We definitely intend on going back and of course get the suite. It will be our annual escape from the Chicago winter.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>johnthebog
<Content>Not A Golf Resort We chose this resort because it, supposedly, had a first class golf course very near the resort. We never saw the course. The resort staff told us the local golf course was terrible. Instead, they push very expensive courses requiring extra transportation costs. Nice resort if you just like the ocean but definitely NOT A GOLF RESORT.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>pennysnumber1fan
<Content>Awesome Resort Just a basic summary from a really passionate traveller (about 25 all-inclusives within Mexico and the Dominican Republic). Awesome resort. Don't normally re-visit resorts more than once but since we've returned to the Ocean Blue for a second time, it must be worth the review! Stayed at the Ocean Blue from December 3, 2007, to December 17, 2007, inclusive. No problems whatsoever. Food, beach, and pools still amazing. Staff extremely personable. Night life very laid back/slow/quiet. In comparison to other resorts... booked and paid to stay at the Bahia Principe just down the beach (maybe a half dozen resorts between the two), however, after the third night, requested to be re-located to the Ocean Blue. Why, considering the Bahia Principe is rated higher? Only because of the size of the resort (three times as large), the number of tourists (yikes, way too many people fighting over chairs), and the actual tourists (mostly European descent - painful to witness/experience the rudeness to others and employees of the resort). Anyway, in closing, highly recommend Ocean Blue. Lots of other really nice resorts along Bavaro Beach. Just be sure you know what you want. Prefer Punta Cana over Puerta Plata. No snorkelling in Punta Cana off the beach of your resort, unlike the Mayan. Beach and sand awesome. Seems windy at any time of year.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>BruSeel
<Content>Nice place, but with security risk We are two couples from Germany and spent our vacation there from Nov. 24 until Dec. 9, 2007. Frist we were impressed about the nice place, our big Honeymoon Suites including Jacuzzi. We also enjoyed all the meals and the various restaurants, esp. the Bodeg贸n restaurant. It was always easy for everyone of us to find some good food. Mike's Coffee Shop and the Overtime Bar were favorite places for a drink. The pool areas are one of the biggest we ever visited in the Carribean. The staff was friendly, rooms were clean, bathroom had hot water, we had nothing to claim and we really recovered from daily stress. However, in the 2nd week we made bad experiences: Money, jewlery and a mobile phone were stolen from the room/safe in the room. The hotel staff and manager often told us about investigations, but finally without any result. Moreover, the hotel ensured us that this does never happen, but during the next few days of our stay we got to know more people to which things were stolen. Even the hotel manager did not offer any further help, e.g. how to get money again for the rest of our stay. There wasn't any support from the hotel. Due to this situation we (and also other people) did no longer feel secure. Additionally, when it was raining one day, we realized that our room was wet, it even rained in our bed. Although someone came to check the damages, during the rest of our stay noone came to repair it. So don't wonder when you get wet during your next stay...All in all these bad experiences did not make us leave with good memories.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Ben11912
<Content>Don't worry...Be Happy!! Stayed at the Ocean Blue in Punta Cana and LOVED it!!! We were concerned about this resort because of the negative reviews and security problems. We had NO problems.  Beach....One of the best!..(.Number 1 would be Turks and Caicos Grace Bay.) Hotel Room.. Nice place. no security issues..However we did not use the safe (we could not get it to work and rather than draw attention to the fact we had items in there we just used hiding devices. Room cleaned daily w/ fresh sheets plenty of towels no problem with hot water....HINT....Blue mark is Hot red is cold!! Water pressure was good. But it could take an hour to fill up the jacuzzi tub.They do have some maintenance issues walls had been plastered but not painted in areas. Bath tub had poor up keep tub has stains( permanent) It is a shame that this hotel is only a few years old but shows wear. However room was very comfortable beds were good. Now regarding the poor lighting, we stayed in room 524 it had excellent lighting I believe some great people left their bulbs behind in this room as our children were next door and they had the other style except for in their bath room.We paid it forward and put our bulbs that we brought in room 523.We all had plenty of bath towels (nice and fluffy) Plenty of room in the dresser for clothes. Our furniture had some burn marks on it. But hey!! at least they let you smoke!! Which was not allowed in the restaraunts.Food: Was great this resort put on a buffet for Christmas eve like I have never seen before, lobster, steaks fried chicken and lots of veggies and fresh fruit land lots of desserts. They went to alot of work for this meal. Avoid Route 66 not good food. The Mexican restaurant was very good, Mikes coffee shop was great ! The Buffet for breakfast and supper was good. The caribbean buffet at the beach for lunch was good but not great the pizza there was good. The Lobster diiner on the beach was to die for 2 lbs of lobster each w/ great veggies and bread. NOTE this is $40.00 EACH USD for this meal. This place has picnic like tables which were uncomfortable. But the meal is worth it!! you will not starve at this resort!! Bars: All were excellent !! Pool bars were great @ the blue pool bar our bar keep was Johnny he was excellent!! Also the men at the lobby bar were excellent . At the pool bars if you lay out a dollar or two you will not be thirsty but you may be tipsy. Try the sammy sosa and the mamajohna . We had some of our luggage lost in Chicago and our apple rep was right on it we had them the next day Thank you Emmanual!Pools. yes there is missing tile at the yellow pool, but they were kept clean except for the area their vacuum hose could not reach this was slimmey in spots,( you could tell by the dark tiled area.) The Dominican people are good hard working people. Note some still do not understand English too well. Every one we spoke with said this was the best place in Punta Cana that they stayed. We spoke to people from N.Y. England Germany and Pittsburg all were very pleased. I felt safe there but remained cautious.No problems w/ pool chairs or at the beach there are plenty. We had a couple of Blackouts during the eveing,lasting only a few minutes each. remember this is a third world country and water and electricity are still in the infant stages. Do not drink the water, use only bottled. We had no problem.The ice cubes are safe. The huts on the beach for shopping was good and you can barter w/ them. Note: the airport has only one small gift shop.so best to get what you can at the huts. lots of daily activities and the bowling ally was fun( also has ping pong and pool tables.)Take socks to bowl in or they will not allow you to bowl Yes, they have shoes but you must have socks to use these.Lots of activities! this is a very child friendly resort!! We will return to this resort we had a great time!! this was our second stay in Punta Cana.We really like Punta Cana( more than Mexico!!) Go and have a GREAT time.This is a good resort. (Hopefull ythey have solved their security problems) Tip the maids daily for better service, we left $2 US daily also left gifts for her. I say go, have fun, you will not regret it.. I am very thankful for Trip Advisor web site and for all who took time to leave remarks. it is very helpful. Any questions please contact me and I will reply. Go with an open mind and ENJOY!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sellhigh
<Content>Our first trip to Punta Cana We decided to stay at Ocean Blue for our Honeymoon after searching and searching for months. They offered us a great price and we loved the idea that it was laid out like a small town. Although we tried to book a honeymoon suite, they only had six, so we opted for the elite club junior suite. It was nice, clean and we were in the next to last building before the beach. We had a great view of the beach and pool and our balcony was very private! We had great weather, it rained almost every day for no more than 45 minutes and we planted ourselves at the pool bar during that time! The staff was wonderful; we tipped everyone for their great service! The people there make only $200/month, so please take small bills with you since exchanging money was not easy! The hotel was almost empty when we went, which we loved, since we never had to wait for drinks or to be seated at any of the restaurants. The best place to eat by far was the Italian restaurant! The food was wonderful! We ate somewhere new each night, the buffet was almost always different, they had something for everyone, the food was ok. We had a couples massage at the spa, we recommend doing that inside, it was too hot and humid to have it on the beach! They do have Coronas in the sports bar, even though they run out by 6 or 7pm. We were able to reserve some each night after making friends with the bartender! There weren鈥檛 a lot of kids at the resort, either, which we don鈥檛 care either way, but I guess because school was in session, it was peaceful. We really didn鈥檛 have any complaints, except that the lobby bar was closed and under construction and some of the restaurants closed each night (without notice) I guess because it was their slow season. I have to say the worst part of it all was our water issues! We had water, sometimes. Most of the time when everyone went to their rooms after a day at the beach or pool was most difficult to get hot water, or water at all for that fact. We called the elite club concierge and they told us they were 鈥渨orking on it鈥?everyday. They were very kind, but still, no water. The last night we were there I couldn鈥檛 bare the cold anymore! From reading other reviews, this is common in Punta Cana, I guess! All around, we did some excursions, swimming with the sharks by far was the best and we would definitely go again! We would only stay at another resort to see what else is out there; we rarely stay at the same place twice!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>victoriasecret502
<Content>Animation crew was great!!!!!!!! A friend and I travelled to Punta Cana in december for one week. When arriving we were greeted by the wonderful staff at the lobby. The shows that were performed were amazing. The animation crew including David Ramos were fantastic. This gentleman made our stay at the resort a pleasant one. He involved as many tourists as possible to participate in the resort games...his personailty made us feel welcomed. He is truly one of the best employees at the resort. He answered questions we had, and made sure that my friends and I were having fun...he accomplished this by being out going and very sociable which made our trip a blast because of the employees that work there...All stafff did a wonderful job and i would recommend this resort to friends that are planning to travel soon.Another person that was very welcoming was Raymond Pena. He showed us where everything was and he was a complete gentleman. Could not ask for anything more....I would definately go back as along as the animation team stays the same way.Respectfully,Victoria Korobkin  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mo.Ricky
<Content>Ocean Blue not for me       5:00PM from room Tropical Storm Olga  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jayalex
<Content>Ocean Blue was great This is our third year in Punta Cana and first time at Ocean Blue where we spent 10 nights. We were pleasantly surprised with the restaurants and food. They were great. Rooms had refrigerator in which the hotel stocked beer and soda at no charge. Although there are 2 restauarants that are an additional charge, there were 6 at no additional charge. Further, there was a no-cost coffee shop that was great. Had a little trouble with air conditioner in room-would not cycle off. Hotel never fixed it but that was not a significant inconvenience. Two pools were great; not overcrowded. Beach was great. Avoid persons bearing free gifts; Just disguised time-share pests. We would recommend hotel highly.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sungirlie
<Content>Great time for a last minute deal       Beach  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	2	

<Author>georgehaz
<Content>great place great value We were at the ocean blue the fist week in december 2007. this is a beautiful resort. I was extremely surprised about some of the previous negative reviews. these people who wrote these reviews are extremely picky and would probably find faults at the 5* hiltons in north america. you just can't please everyone. this is rated as a 4+ star caribbean rating and it definitely warrants that rating. the beach at this resort is one f the best i've seen anywhere. white sand beach with beautiful water that is easy to walk into - ocean bottom is also soft white sand with no seaweed. no water shoes required. there is shade under many canvas huts.there was never a problem finding chairs.there are two beautiful large pools ( some missing tiles on pool bottom - big deal.). each pool has a swim up bar. lots of chairs and shade. food was very good at the buffets and a la carte restaurants. lots of variety even for the pickiest eaters.the best feature at this resort was mike's coffee shop with the best cappuccinos and frozen ice capps anywhere. rooms were beautiful. they were large with a good size wash room. reccommendations: bring a few light bulbs (60 or 100 watts) as the lighting in the room is dim.the only negatie was the time share peaople who were a little annoying.i would definitely recommmend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>JDvacations
<Content>Loved the activity, entertainment and bartender staff members Our family stayed at the resort for 7 days. This is the third resort we have visited in Punta Cana. We arrived the day after Thanksgiving, 11/23 - 11/30. We enjoyed every minute of our vacation.Room - We stayed at villa 5. At first, the air conditioning was not working properly but it was fixed upon our request. The room was cleaned very well and the staff was very friendly. The lighting is very dim. We took light bulbs with us to correct the problem.Food - There is a large variety of food choices. Even for those who are picky like my 9 year old son. The buffet for lunch at the beach was our favorite. The service at the restuarants need improvement. The waiters should be more attentive. Overall, the choices are great! We really enjoyed Mike's Cafe. Food was available 24 hours of the day.Activities - This made our trip! The ladies at the kids club are fantastic. Bella is very friendly and caring for the children. They encouarge everyone to participate. There are activities scheduled all day long. They make sure to invovle everyone. Special shout outs to Tony, Victor, David, and Carmen.Our family enjoyed spending time at Strike every evening. That was my son's favorite hang out. They have bowling, pool tables, ping pong and air hockey tables available. It was never over crowded.Entertainment - We did not miss any of their outstanding performances. The activities and entertainment staff work very hard throughout the day to ensure that you are having a great time at the resort. On my daughter's birthday, they sang to her throughout the day and we ended her birthday at the night club. We had a great time! Pool - The pool was always clean. You could not notice the missing tiles unless you are purposley looking for them. The bartenders at the pool closest to the beach are the best. Julio and Victor made us feel like we were the most important people at the resort. Special thanks to Julio and Victor! Beach - It was simply BEAUTIFUL! There were plently of lounge chairs available. There were also shaded areas throughout the beach. The distance from our room to the beach was very short. The water is usuallly warmer in July.Our entire family would recommend this resort to others and we look forward to returning in May.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Nana70
<Content>My Favorite Place in Punta Cana! We stayed at Ocean Blue last year in September and absolutely loved it! Couldn't wait to go back again this year! We were there this year from November 26th through December 3rd, and once again, had a fantastic time! The staff is superb! They go out of their way to please. The food is excellent; the rooms very well-maintained, and the grounds beautifully manicured! There are plenty of activities for everyone.....young, old, and in-between. This is an excellent resort especially for families with children, because of the rock climbing wall and bowling alley, as well as all the activities they have going on all the time. I'm in the older generation, and found plenty to do as well!A Trip Advisor Member from Pennsylvania  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KLKCharlotte
<Content>Ocean Blue has Security issues - items stolen from room Ocean Blue Gulf and Beach Resort - visited Thansgiving week of 2007 and stayed in the Honeymoon suite. While the property and setting was beautiful our trip was seriously marred due to items in our room being stolen and the resorts handling of the theft. When we checked in our room safe was not working. I 'hid' our valuables but a cell phone and cash disappeared! We reported the theft to the resort mgmt and their security. They were able to determine who came into our room via the keycard entry. They talked to their maids and an unauthorized telephone repairman (we never had or reported a phone issue) and as they all denied participation in the theft Security concluded that the theft had never happened and treated us like we had fabricated the issue. We met two other couples in the lobby who had also had thefts in the last week. In one instance the couple said their safe door was pried off. Securiry told us that the other two couples were lying about their thefts and that there was no problems in their resort. The lack of acknowledgement and their treatment of us made a bad situation so much worse. We were not offered as much as a complementary dinner or massage for our trouble. When we asked for a letter to present to Verizon for any unauthorized calls they refused. In the end they did give us a letter that stated 'it could not be used for legal purposes' and that we had 'lost' our phone while at their resort. One last note... they still had not fixed our safe when we checked out!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monicasanta
<Content>Very Disappointed I am a very disappointed customer. It was my first time at the hotel and first time in Punta Cana. I guess that it was bad luck what happened to me and my group but just in case I want to let everyone know that in that hotel the people who work cleaning the rooms have very bad manners of stealing money and clothes and unfortunately the customer service of the hotel did NOTHING about it, even though they had evidence of who entered the room and at what time. Also, the hotel does not have any control of who enters to their facilities and they have people entering there selling and offering tours that are completely false. What they do is that they ask for a deposit, come pick you up in a taxi, ask for the rest of the money, leave you with a chofer and what do you think...no tour exists!!! Again the hotel told us that we have to learn who are their employees and who aren't!!! Yes it's true... I don't recommend the hotel at all and it is very unfortunate that that happened because it is a very beautiful place. But I will never recommend it!!! Food was not so great and service was horrible!!!! It is a shame that Punta Cana has a hotel like that!!! I lost more than $300 in clothing, money and false tours!!! You must think about it!!!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TammyfromToronto
<Content>2 time around LOVE THIS PLACE This was my second time at the resort..The animation staff and bartendars are the best..!!!! EVERHere's a shout out to Juan (bar) , Stevenson (rock climbing) and Tony (Activity staff) the best dragg queen ever...Food was excellent had no complaints, activities were fun and constant.. Visit the rock climbing guys Raymond and Stevenson your in good hands..Rooms are always clean only thing I had a problem with was the water pressure..showers will take you a bit longer than usual..Watch out for the Timeshare people Q10 there a waist of your time and vacation....there at the Buffet during breakfast and Lunch..The shows were really good this year especially CHICAGO.You have to find LUCY she's the best massage girl there, tell her I sent you...she's usually near the beach $35.00 USD for 25 min. massage well worth it ..you'll keep going back.The night staff bartendars at the main bar are very cool lots of fungets busy after dinner thou so be patient and the guys will be happy to serve you.. will post pics soon.Novemeber is rainy season so we had a little rain in the afternoons..nothing more then a sun sprinkle..I think I gained 10lbs form all the food I ate and booze I drank..Only paid $ 950.00 CDN well worth it , can't wait to go back and see the fellas..What else can I say I had a great vacation, get facilities and great people.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>djladyg
<Content>Very Enjoyable...Would Definitely Stay Again!!! Sorry for the delay, but here's the review!! I stayed at the Ocean Blue (Room 5311), from Nov.12-Nov.19, with a friend. We are both 40-somethings and left the husbands and kids behind! It was a most enjoyable vacation (except for the weather-it rained two full days and also rained more than expected during the week! Hey, that's one thing you can't control). The hotel is beautiful! We were greated at check-in with a cold, tasty, blue beverage! Our room was ready (even though it was several hoursbefore check-in). We were booked through Apple, so we stayed at Villa 5. I requested the 3rd floor and got it. The room was fine. It was clean and if you went on the balcony and looked to the left, you could see the ocean. Yes, it is dim, so if you need a lot of artificial light, bring the light bulbs. We didn't, and didn't miss them! The refrigerator was stocked with water, soda, and 2 El Presidente beers. We asked for plenty of water during the week and always got it. We left the maid $2.00/day and some little gifty things and the room was always clean with plenty of towels! We NEVER had a problem with water temperature or pressure (the shower was always hot and had more pressure than I have here at home). We had one problem with the safe not working, and all we had to do was tell the Apple rep (they sit in the lobby of the Villa) and it was fixed quickly. Our Apple rep was MIguel. He was awesome, pleasant, helpful (and easy on the eyes)! We went to the Apple talk on the afternoon of our arrival and it was chock full of good information. If we had any questions, Miguel always had an answer for us. The most valuable piece of information he gave us was that if we had any problems, we should immediately let whoever was manning the Apple desk at Villa 5, know. I highly recommend going the Apple route. They were most accomodating! I liked that this was a smaller property. You could get wherever you wanted to go (Lobby, beach, retaurants) either by tram car or by walking. We almost always walked, except when it rained. Villa 5 is right by the blue pool, so we just walked out of our building, right to the lounge chairs! Never had a problem getting chairs or towels. The swim up bar at the Yellow pool seemed to have more of a selection of alcohol. By the way, all of the bars made great drinks! Pace yourself!! Martin, the bartender at La Cana Beach Restaurant, is a great guy!! He can also be found at the beach bar. The beach is beautiful and clean (every morning the sand is raked by a giant bulldozer). There are plenty of workers picking up after the lazy people who wouldn't deposit their plastic cups and drink bottles in the numerous trash cans. We went with the 20 oz. Bubba Keg. It's better for Mother Earth and kept our drinks quite frosty!! The palapas were being covered the day we arrived, and by the end of the week, they were all covered with white vinyl coverings. We took advantage of the shopping on the beach (walk out to the beach and then walk to your left). Be prepared to bargain. Miguel told us to offer a third of what they were asking. I found that if you had a price in mind (a resonable price) and took out your money, you could usually get a good deal. Coffee is cheaper at the gift shop, so don't buy it at the beach. Got good deals on Dominican Cigars, beach cover-ups, and souvenirs. Talk to your Apple rep!!! I ventured out of the resort to meet Punta Cana Mike and Mike Fisher at Steve's Bar near the Occidental. The taxi cost $10.00 (including tip), each way. I went alone and felt perfectly safe. I know this is getting long, so let me tell you about the food! It was OK. I didn't expect or need gourmet. The grilled chicken at La Cana (the buffet on the beach by the yellow pool) was delicious, as was the pizza. We ate lunch there almost every day. They had salad, burgers, pasta, and other selections. The Mexican Restaurant (Margarita) was very good (ate there twice). The Italian was OK. I had the lasagna (Described as eggplant, but it was meat, which was fine with me, but don't order it if you're a vegetarian!) The Dominican was my least favorite (Service there was not as pleasant as at the other restaurants) and the plantain, meat, and cheese appetizer turned out to be a smaller serving of the lasagna from the Italian restaurant! Didn't eat at the pay restaurants. Breakfast buffet was good (I'm not a big breakfast eater). Dinner buffet was particularly excellent on International night--grilled steak and shrimp, Chinese, and other tasty items. Didn't go to Route 66 or the Sports Bar, but I heard the wings and ribs were good. Remember, they have to prepare food for visitors from all over the world, so it may not be what you are used to eating. Everyone should be able to find something they like. And everything comes out of one kitchen, so keep that in mind! I read all of the reviews (good and bad) about this place, and my friend and I agreed we have no complaints! We were also there right before the busy season. I think the place was only 1/2 to 3/4 filled when we were there. I also want to recommend the photographers, George, and his partner (whose name I didn't get). They ARE NOT the photographers with the animals! If I was there with my family, I would have had them take some photos of us. Check out their work at the Photo Shop! I am considering going back with my husband and sons (ages 20 and 17), perhaps in June. I would definitely stay at the Ocean Blue again! Feel free to contact me if you have any questions!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>OlaSenora
<Content>Much Better Than Expected!!!!!       Another pool view at Ocean Blue  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>ninny7
<Content>pleasant and confortable       the market  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	4	4	2	

<Author>kppr
<Content>We loved it! We wondered if we could be at the same resort we read about. It was beautiful. the pools are beautiful. and the staff are wonderfully helpful and cheerful. We did get the wrong type of room at first. We wanted 2 beds and got a king, but it was corrected very quickly. My only complaint might be the time it took to move our luggage, but that was minor as we spent the time at the pool. We spent most of our time at the blue pool and agree that Johnny at the swim up bar is excellent! he remembers what everyone likes and is always fun. I enjoyed most all the food. You just have to be prepared that it is different from home. If you order lasagna at the Italian, it won't taste exactly like Italian back home, but it is good if you don't pre-judge. My favorite was the Mexican and the service there was especially good. We also had a nice meal at Route 66 - the ribs were yummy. The shelters at the beach seem to have been repaired and we never had a problem getting a lounge in the shade at the beach or pool at any time of day. So, we ate, drank ,and relaxed by a beautiful pool/beach, what more do you want? Oh, the room was very clean, a bit plain, but nice, the beds firmer than my sister likes but I thought very comfortable. We never saw a bug and were amazed since we were on the first floor and kept our sliders open a lot. I would go back in a heartbeat. For the price, I don't think there is a better vacation out there - if there is, please let me know!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dominication
<Content>Nice Relaxing Holiday at the Ocean Blue! Sorry this is a bit late but it has been quite hectic after returning from a nice, relaxing week at the Ocean Blue. I must admit that reading the reviews on here after booking made me very skeptical of the hotel, so much so that I almost was ready to ask my travel agent to do anything to switch us elsewhere and went as far as asking Transat Holidays that if we encountered problems, would there be a problem moving. Luckily as it came closer to our departure date (Nov.4) I was reading more positive reviews!This was my husband and I's second Transat vacation. Last year we booked with them to go to the Mayan Riviera. Once again service was great, flights ontime, luggage all there, and quick shuttles to and from the resort. Leaving Punta Cana our flight home was even early!Upon arriving at the airport, we were pointed in the direction of the shuttle and had no problem finding it. It wasn't too bad of a drive to the hotel, but be forewarned that it is a third world country and that the way of life you see is quite different from what we see in Canada.Check in at the hotel was fast as it was off to the side of the main lobby where all the different tours had a table. We were missing our towel cards and luggage tags and the friends we went with were missing their bowling voucher. We were assured that the luggage would be delivered to the right room despite not having tags so we chose not to bring the luggage with us on our own. Three hours later we were still waiting for our luggage to come to the room. After THREE calls to the luggage service they finally admitted they weren't sure where it was. My husband works in a hotel himself and has had to find many pieces of lost luggage so you can imagine how impressed he was that he got to go and look around for our luggage on vacation. Finally after checking a few rooms him and the bell boys found the luggage. We also had requested two rooms together and one with a king bed. We ended up in Villa 4 in 4232 and our friends in Villa 5 in 5128 and both rooms having 2 beds. We inquired about switching rooms and they told us to come back the next day to see what was available. The next day they were more than happy to accomodate us on switching rooms, but as none of the other rooms they had to offer had a king bed, we opted to stay where we were.The accomodations were average. Very dim as you have probably read and not much as far as decorating goes. It took us a good 2 days to get the humidity out of the room, although clothes never dried after being wet and when we got home the clothes in our suitcases were damp. After a while you didn't notice the humidity in the room anymore. The housekeeping staff kept the room very neat and very clean. We didn't ask for any extra stuff but we tipped them anyway as the average salary there is $45 USD per week. The bathroom was very nice, large jacuzzi tub, two sinks, and all marble. The water was lukewarm in the mornings and evenings but in the afternoon there was lots of pressure and hot water. We didn't encounter many problems with that at all. The shower was quite low however so my husband had to shower and duck :)The pools were great. We spent most of our time by the Blue Pool. It was quieter and closer to our villa. I don't drink but my husband and our two friends loved our bartender Johnny. He was always quick to come up with some Surprises for them. The pools are very large and yes, they are missing some tiles and have a bit of algae, but the pool was large enough you could avoid those sections. We spent most of our days by the pool rather than the beach because the pool had plenty of umbrellas for shade.The beach was very nice. The shelters need some work, but they were repairing/replacing them while we were there. The sand is so soft, and even once you get in the Ocean the floor is soft there too. There were a couple of days when the water was clear and calm but most of the time it was cloudy and wavy so we didn't spend much time there.The restaurants weren't the greatest, but then I don't think I have had great food on an all inclusive yet. We ate at the Italian twice, Mexican once, and the American twice. We heard the Domincan was great, but towards the end of our trip our stomachs weren't in top form so we opted for the Buffet instead. I must say, the choice and quality of the Buffet was the best for all the all inclusives I have been to so far. They layout of the resort is perfect if you have younger kids or elderly people with you as the main area is condensed in one area for easy access, and being that it is not a huge resort, you can easily walk from one end to the other in 10 minutes, or take the tram.The Casino was alright. We arne't big gamblers but I made everyone come to the Casino once for a few minutes to play the slots. Strike was fun, we bowled once and played pool. I felt horrible though because the balls are in such bad shape. It makes you realize that the things we take for granted at home are in short supply in other places. Our friends went to the sports bar and disco a couple of nights, whearas we like to retire early so we didn't experience much of that. The Disco was very neat though with the cube swings! Every night we went to the Theater and although it didn't have the greatest shows, it was still always fun to go and see the dancing, or the Cultural shows! Oh and of course the Club Dance, Hola Senor, Hola Senora that would get stuck in your head all day :)All in all our trip was great and exceeded all of my expectations. I don't agree that it is a 5 star resort, but with the amount of things to do and the amenities I would definitely say it is a 4 star. The people are very friendly, they try their best with English and keep everything in great shape. If I return to Punta Cana, I would definitely consider the Ocean Blue again.As a final remark, we were not aproached ONCE by a timeshare representative the whole time we were there. I didn't even notice them to be honest and was quite surprised they weren't like vultures as I had been warned about them in advance on here and by my travel agent.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Shasun
<Content>Great Ocean, lots of Activities Ours was a 7 day family vacation - 11 of us, ages ranging from 15 to 82. I needed a resort that would please everyone's age group and Ocean Blue was successful for that. There is so much going on that we didn't get to do everything offered. Yes there were things that were not perfect. I personally did not like the food too much. Mexican was the worst, but everyone has different tastes so you can't judge the resort by the food, because there certainly are enough different restaurants and we went to a different one every night which was fun. My husband and I upgraded to the Elite Club which I am really glad about. The rest of my family had the standard rooms and they are just that - standard, nothing special. There were some bug issues in my mothers room but they did spray and cleared up the problem. Our room was nice, with a nice bathroom and we were as close to the beach as you can get (Villa 10). It's true that the lighting in the rooms are really bad. I did take light bulbs with me, however they didn't fit in my room, but they did fit in the standard rooms.Yes a few of the pool tiles are coming off, but these are 2 huge pools which were spotlessly clean (I saw them being cleaned early every morning) - when do people expect them to empty the pools to fix the tiles? It wasn't a problem for any of us. We loved the pools and the swim up bars. I liked the fact that you didn't have to rush to reserve your pool loungers at 7am. There were more than enough of them. Also they weren't so strict with the towels if you didn't have your cards.I was only approached once by a Time Share person, I said I wasn't interested and that was the end of it. I didn't like the fact that tipping was such an issue - all inclusive should be that, but not at this resort. Each time you got something, you needed to tip. Even for drinks - people were handing the staff $1 U.S. I didn't tip once - except for leaving the cleaning lady a tip. The staff were no less pleasant to me because I didn't tip. It's a well set out resort, like a mini village with lots of walking, although the shuttles drive around all day and night for those that don't want to walk. Yes if you're sensitive the fumes can get to you. They bothered me, but not any of my family.I was disappointed that the gym only opens at 8am because I get up early to work out so I can be at the pool/beach early but when I went to talk to the guy that looks after the gym, he told me he lives 2 hours away, so I could understand.My husband and I went for a 30 minute massage which was included in our package. It wasn't the best massage I've ever had, but it was still relaxing. The beach sand is SO soft and white and the ocean is WARM. You can walk right in, it's not deep and it is so clear. Not too many waves so you can float on a raft.It was great that check out time is 1pm, no need to rush to pack and be out your room on departure.Would I go back? Possibly, but not in November as it rained alot. And I would deffinately do the Elite Club upgrade again. The girls that work in the Elite Club Reception were great and helped me solve any issues I had and also made all our bookings at the restaurants for 11 of us. You can make your reservations for each night of your stay when you arrive.So not perfect, but it served our purpose and we all had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	2	-1	

<Author>deesan1
<Content>great time! We were apprehensive after reading the reviews...when we booked 8 months ago the reviews were better overall. I purchased the vacation from Skyauction.com. We had a great time!! (nov. 11-18) Melissa in the Elite Club office is awesome....we were totally taken care of.....got the king room in building 10 overlooking the pool we requested.....never a water problem.....we ate in every restaurant except Route 66 and found them good to great. We actually enjoyed the buffet as much as anything else.. The casino was fun...LOVED playing with the vendors on the beach and haggling with them. We were approached only once in 8 days by a time share person...as we were going into breakfast one morning...just said no and kept walking...no problem. Would be happy to answer any specific questions or share some of my 202 pics! ha!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wiharley721
<Content>worst vacation ever!!!! after losing my luggage when i was told the plane was overweight,[which wasnt the resorts fault]we arrive at the hotel at 2.30pm were told our room would be ready shortly.[watch it its a trap for them to sell you time shares]after3hrs later our room was finally ready.I think i would have rather stayed in the main lobby instaed of our room!! the room had a funny odor in it and found out we stayed in 5303 and the ceiling leaked causeing mold to be everywhere.I also had a shower that didnt work and a leaking toilet.I complained at the front desk but got nowhere.I felt most of the workers didnt want to be there and hated there jobs with the exception of the bartenders at the main lobby.juan and jaxier were two of the best servers there.I also would compliment the maids they bust there butts [leave 2 dollars a day and yoiu get great service.I think the food was the worst weve ever been to the portions are small and you didnt really know what you were eating.I have to say we met alot of nice couples there and my husband looking like a wrestler stone cold was very popular around the natives.all and all teh trip was a waste of money and probally would never go back to the republic and stay with mexico.I guess all the reviews i read were close if your looking for a 5 or even 4 star resort this isnt it!!!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anti
<Content>Second Trip... Would go there again We went for a week in April and were pleased so we did it again in November. Again, we were very happy with our stay. My review is based on going during off season....Its not quite as crowed.......... 1. Resort: Grounds are maintained and beautiful. Everything is in walkable distance ( not a huge resort ) but there is a tram if you're feeling lazy, with at the max of a 10 minute wait.2. Pool: 2 pool's really nice size. Were clean, maintained. 2 swim up bars which you can also access from outside the pool......... I drink champagne which they had. Good selection of liquor....I saw Gran Marnier, Ketel One, Absolute, Captain Morgan.....If you like to be treated like a prince/princess, they did not come around the pool and ask to get your drink, you had to get your own., which is right there where the chairs are...no biggy,,,,,............Many chairs around pool.....no problem getting one 3. Rooms: Very Average, large, clean. Nice size deck/patio Nice bathroom......double sinks, all tile, jacuzzi. I know people complain of low water pressure and cold water, but for the week we were there it was just the opposite.......hot water, lotsa pressure.... (we were there in off season ! ) We saw NO bugs in the room the entire week and we were on the 1st floor, but in the afternoon we did smell bug spray outside the rooms........That's good......they were preventing problems. ABSOLUTELY MUST BRING HIGH WATTAGE LIGHT BULBS. We brought 4, and it made a world of difference. 4. Food: Let me say we are bland eaters. ( Do not like heavy garlic or anything spicy or with unusual flavors ) All I can say is we loved the buffet so if your taste is opposite ours you will hate the food at the buffet. They do have specialty nights and one night was international with garlicky, seasoned foods and we did not like it. We did not go to the restuarants, so no comment. FYI: There are 2 Buffets, one on the beach and one in the development. Food taste is very individual so you'll have to decide for yourself whether you like it or not......5. Shopping: They do have a nice number if huts on the beach for shopping and they do have a dominican shopping mall about 5-10 minutes by cab ( $8.00 one way). Both sell dominican stuff and haggle with the price, don't pay more than 1/2 the asking, or if buying more than 1 maybe even a little less. It was fun to go to the shopping mall, just for the heck of it.......Its basically what they sell on the beach, but more of it in a dominican mall atmosphere.6. Beach: Sorry, but I'm a pool person, didn't stay on the beach, But when I shopped at the huts the beach looked beautiful and calm. The people said it was gorgeous except for 2 days out of the week where the water was a little dirty with sea weed due to high tide 7. Activities: There is a spa for many different treatments. By the pool/beach massages, hair braiding. Also horseback riding, trips to Santo Domingo. Samoa Island, etc, mountain trips, so on and so forth. I don't do anything except site by the pool so I can't comment7. Negatives: They are chinzy with bathroom towels....you have to ask for more ( leaving a few dollars helps).....Same with beach towels ............Chair coverings on the beach don't really keep out the sun.....can't really think of anything elseOverall, I think Punta Cana is a great vacation for your money. I happen to like this resort. I'm sure there are other resorts just as good, maybe better, but I can't recommend any other since this is the only one I've been to. I'm comfortable here so I'll come back again,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ANY QUESTIONS, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO E MAIL ME  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>MissBeee
<Content>Totally Recommended Having stayed throughout the world at many 5 star hotels over the course of the last 30 or so years, I can recommend this place wholeheartedly. Returned last night from a week there. My travel agent had stayed there earlier this Fall and recommended it to myself and a travel friend. We were not dissapointed,except for 2 days of rain, which of course is beyond the hotel's control. I found this website useful before leaving, e.g. dim lights in rooms...no problem, I took a light bulb with me for the bedside lamp, so that was appreciated advice.. With the exception of one meal being too salty in the Mexican restaurant, all the al a carte dining places were great, particularly the Dominican and Italian ones. We ate our lunch and breakfast meals at the buffets and breakfast in particular offered endless choices..only place I've seen so much is the Shangrila Hotel in Bangkok I cannot say enough good about Mike's Coffee Shop (part of the all inclusive...) Starbucks could learn a few things from this place!The rooms are excellent, hot water plentiful, every TV show you'd see at home, lots of toiletries (shampoo, lotion, bath gel, etc. bring some conditioner though) We were in room 8202 which is not part of the Elite group but has everything you'll need. This means hairdryer and makeup mirror ,too. The beach is beautiful. Lots of chairs everywhere. There are more bars than I could count around the resort! The baristas and bartenders can make just about anything for you.Rember to bring lots of US $1's for extra tipping for bars ,coffee shop, and maids...you won't be sorry!. Enjoy!!! We did.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ONFun
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful!!!!! Hola!! My Boyfriend and I just returned from Ocean Blue / Sand on November 15/07. We had a great time and the resort was beautiful, the pictures that have been posted are great but don't do this place any justice. The food was excellent, the buffet was HUGE!! We also ate at the Italian Restaurant, American Restaurant, and the Lobster Restaurant. All were good, would recommend the ribs at Route 66, and my boyfriend said the Lobster was awesome, at the lobster place it has a set menu @ 40/pp including all drinks which is great however we did not know this until we were seated and I do not like seafood, the staff were fantastic and had actually cooked me a different meal with chicken breasts -3!! and veggies etc. and for no charge! Thought that this was fantastic and tipped well in appreciation of there thoughtfulness. Overall, the service was great, the english was good for the most part, becareful of asking yes or no questions, ha ha, I'm sure we've all answered a question or two with a yes or no not knowing what the question was! Also, this resort has a medical center right on the resort thankfully, as on day two I was in need of treatment due a severe difficulty breathing. The doctor was great, and she spoke very good english. Two words, travel insurance, and then no worries. I was worried at first because of all of the bad reviews, rest assured, some people are just to hard to please. Hope that you have a great time!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Sabersmom
<Content>Great vacation at Ocean Blue My husband and I stayed at Ocean Blue from November 3rd-10th. I was a little nervous after reading some of the recent reviews, but went with an open mind. We were out of work, in the sun and planned to have a good time no matter what! A few weeks before going, I emailed the resort and asked for a pool-view room, and we were very happy with our room location when we arrived. We were in Room 5203 - which overlooked the Blue pool and when looking to the right off the balcony - we could see the ocean. We tried all the (free) al a carte restaurants except the Mexican. We had a good experience at all of them and never waited for a table. We eat a little later than the normal dinner crowd - getting to the restaurants around 7:15-7:30 every night. The Dominican Restaurant was very good - we ate their twice.Since it was my hubby's birthday while we were there, we also paid for the lobster restaurant on the beach. It was $40 each and an enjoyable meal. I'm not a fan of lobster that much, but ate some and gave more to my husband - while I ate his shrimp that came with the meal. It was nice to eat and hear/see the waves on the beach.We didn't have any hot water issues - as we took our showers around 6:00-6:30pm every night - water was hot every night. The room did have a musty feeling/smell - clothes were a little damp, but that's expected in the tropics. We turned off the air and opened the slider for awhile that seemed to help somewhat. THe resort had a convention going on with approx. 200 attendees while we were there, which made the hotel at almost full capacity - but it never affected us. They were in conference rooms during the day and had group dinners at night, mostly in the buffet area, so it never felt like the resort was full. Our maid was great and always gave us what we requested - xtra towels, water and soda. No problems there at all.While we were there, they had workers on the beach working on putting new material on all the beach huts - so I'm expecting in the next few weeks - they should all be new and good to go! The beach was absolutely beautiful also!Take advantage of getting your picture taken by the hotel photographer - no pressure in buying - but she does a great job taking plenty of shots. SOrry this is so long, but I was trying to address any questions/problems that have come up in the past. I know this site and reviews helped me tremendously, so I'm trying to return the favor! I think that's it - we had a great vacation at the Ocean Blue in Punta Cana!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>genie67449
<Content>not a 5 star resort       more beach  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	1	2	4	-1	

<Author>RolyKaren
<Content>beautiful resort-food was bad I stayed at the Ocean Blue from 04 Nov 2007- 07 Nov 2007. The hotel is very nice and clean. The people are friendly and helpful. The room was nice but had a few ants running around, no problem. I had a great time with my wife and my sister/brother-in-law. The only complaint I have is that the food was bad. The food all tasted the same and even though the hotel was only half full, we still had to wait to get into the restaurants. When they say 24hrs of food service, they are basically talking about the leftover chicken wings and pizza at the sports bar because everthing else is closed after ten PM. The restaurant at the beach opens at 12PM and you cant get any food until then except in the buffet. I dont know who writes the reviews on all the hotels or whether they are real people writing these reviews. I guess I'll see if my review shows up on the site because I was really at the resort. Also they do have problems with the water pressure but so what, your on vacation, make the best of it. The beach and pool are great. Again food was bad......  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>pinklillady24
<Content>wishing i was still sipping a pina colada!!       Dominican Roots Show  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>olenabklyn
<Content>great pool, beach and price!!! We arrived at ocean blue on 10/31, luckily we missed the storm Noel. I was very surprised how nice the resort was. The Pool is really really nice, Big, Clean and deeper then alot of resort pools. The rooms are nice and standard, yea the lighting is bad, but who's reading in the room anyway! The king size bed was very comfy. One thing i have to grip about is that the hot water in the shower is in the reverse side, so for 2days i was taking luke warm showers, but then we figured it out... Duh!!! The beaches are fantastic! no shells, rocks, little bit of seaweed, but i'll take that rather then water fleas! I noticed mostly Canadians, euopeans, and locals, not too many Gringos! My bf is spanish speaking so communication wasn't a problem, but the staff that you come incounter with speak English. The time share factor, is alil annoying, we spent 2 hours listening to overpriced packages. I'm very travel oreinted, so i got a better deal then they could ever offer with a time share. But we both got a basket of gifts, so we didnt need to buy any trinkets.Beware of the airport gift shop!!! SO expensive, if you forget to buy anything at the beach, dont bother... The most expensive gifts i've ever seen in any airport!! And I've been to alot of places,and i live in NYC. The food was pretty good, Dont eat at the mexican.. gross, the Italian isn't bad, the domincan is good.Becareful with the pork, we took some ribs from the beach grill, and the pork wasn't cooked.... yuck!! But other wise food was pretty descent..If you get a great price, its Worth it.. You'll have a relaxing time!!!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>taraNh
<Content>Disappointed with the beach! We stayed at the Ocean Blue Golf and Beach Resort from 10/27 through 11/3. There were 6 adults and my 16 month old son. We arrived during Tropical Storm Noel, which dumped a bunch of rain on us the first few days. Be careful when it rains. It is very slippery walking around. I almost fell several times and someone travelling with us fell down the wet stairs. The musty smell of our room was so overpowering it gave me a sore throat and trouble breathing. We tried to switch rooms, but the other room smelled the same. They told us that this is a problem they have when it rains. I did bring a scented oil plug in, but it didn't mask the smell. I saw 2 cockroaches in the room, but I've been told to expect that in the tropics. We were glad we brought our own light bulbs. Definitely made a difference.The food was overall pretty good. You could always find something you liked. I didn't like Route 66 though. Nobody got sick from the food. We brushed our teeth with bottled water.I was very disappointed with the beach! The sand was covered with straws, bottle caps, even pieces of glass! Definitely not safe for a 1 year old who puts everything in his mouth. No shade at all. They have cabanas, but they all were missing canopies. What was the point of that? Also, the water and shore was full of seaweed. Most likely because of the storm. We spent very little time at the beach.Most of our time during the day was spent at the pool. It was very pretty. Plenty of lounge chairs and shade. Some areas of the pool could have been a little cleaner. There are some missing tiles and it can be very slippery.I can't comment much about nightlife as we were in early every night with our son. We did use the bowling alley twice. It was a lot of fun, but some of the balls have huge chunks missing out of them! Rather funny!The staff was very friendly and helpful. We did not have any negative encounters. Anything we asked for we had no trouble getting. That was a huge plus.For anyone travelling with little ones, just be aware that some of the cribs are not up to US standards. The crib rails were very far apart. it was not a problem with our son, but with an infant it could be dangerous. Plenty of high chairs at the buffet. They did not have any at the beachside restaurant though.Overall, we had fun at this resort, but I would not go back because of the beach and the smell of the rooms. We've stayed at much nicer resorts in Cancun and St. Maarten.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lovesuninnh
<Content>Fabulous time!!!! We just returned from the Ocean Blue. There were four couples and we stayed from October 21 - November 1. We had a great time. The staff was great and easy to communicate with considering their primary language is Spanish and not English, the resort was very nice and well kept. The lobby bar was closed the first day we got there, but it opened the next day and was open the remainder of our stay. All of the restaurants were open except one each night which they notified you of in the daily news that you got at the buffet at breakfast. We were not bothered at all by the H10 representatives. As we exited the buffet one morning, they approached us, we said no thank you and that was the end of that. The rooms were nice, not as nice as another resort we stayed in, but considering we only spend the hours sleeping there, they were fine. We had a king size bed, hot water everynight, some nights the pressure was better than others, but the complaint of no water was non-existent. The pools were nice. We spent all of our days at the yellow pool. It was clean, yes there were some tiles missing but that is to be expected and if anyone has a pool of their own, you know that the little tiles eventually will loosen and come up. It also doesn't help that there were a few children picking at them and collecting them. The last day of our stay, the pool had to really be cleaned, but that was after Tropical Storm Noel came through and we had alot of rain and wind. The food was better than I have had at any other resort. Normally after almost two weeks of eating the food, my stomach is not so happy, but this trip was not the case. There was plenty of variety. Fresh made eggs to order every morning, great bread....We ate at the Italian restaurant, Route 66, Margarita and the buffet throughout our stay. We did not try any of the supplement restaurants because we figured why spend more for food we already paid for. No complaints about the food.The Casino was ok, very quiet. One person previously complained that it doesn't pay out at all and it doesn't pay much but the three of us who went to the casino each night won pretty good. Two of us managed to stay up late enough to make it to the Disco on Halloween, which was entertaining. I cannot say much about the Disco since I only went once and that is not really what I go on vacation for. All in all we had a great 11 days. We were with good friends and met some really nice people while we were there. We are hoping to go back to the DR in April with the kids and if the price is right we would definitely return to the Ocean Blue. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who understands that vacation is for relaxing. Expect there to be a language barrier if you do not speak Spanish, remember you are in THEIR country. If they came here you would expect them to speak English!!!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SheSheNYC
<Content>Good for the price Just returned from one week stay -- 10/27-11/3. Overall, this place was okay, especially for the price (we paid $658/pp including airfare - can't beat that). When we kept the great deal in mind, we were happy, but otherwise, there's just no wow factor with this resort. Pool area was fine - nice, but nothing real special. Beach was lovely but could have been cleaner -- lots of debris about, even in early morning. And definitely a lack of shade issue, as the structures they had were in great need of repair. But toward the end of our stay, they seemed to be improving at least a few of these. Yep, the water pressure was an issue. We were in Villa #6. It took FOREVER (at least an hour and a half) to fill our jacuzzi tub to an adequate level. Shower was okay most of time, but inconsistent temp/pressure. We usually showered in the evening before dinner. And indeed, the lights were dimmer than dim which was a tad annoying. As for the food, hit or miss. The a la carte restaurants were mostly fair to lousy, especially the American one, Route 66. Uggh Barely edible. The Italian was decent, relatively speaking (we're New Yorkers, so we're definitely spoiled). But they are not kidding when they say long pants required -- but just for men. We got turned away when my husband had dress shorts and golf shirt on. But when we went back, long jeans were okay, and there were plenty of women and children with shorts and tank tops on. Go figure. The beach restaurant with the lobster (El Buccanero) was really good. Lobster was awesome. But you have to pay for this one - $40/pp. It was worth it for a good meal. Believe it or not, the best included food was on the main buffet. You could always find something at least half-decent, and even quite good there. Oh, and Mike's Coffee Shop really was as good as they say. Only problem is, not open until 4:00 or 5:00.Spa was very nice. Great staff, well skilled. Fitness center was lame but adequate if you're on mission to get at least some workout in.Overall, this place was good for the bargain holiday. But I wouldn't recommend if you are paying significantly more than we did, or if you're looking for something really special and/or romantic.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maxter005
<Content>Wonderful holiday at Ocean Blue       Superb sandy beach  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>alatual
<Content>Had a Wonderful Time - Didn't want to Leave My wife and I stayed at the Ocean Blue from 10/17 - 10/24 and had a wonderful time at this beautiful resort. The more I read the reviews with complaints and compare them to our experience, I've come to the conclusion that there is some luck involved regarding hotel rooms, water temperature, food, etc. I believe that some people have legitimate complaints and problems (although some sound somewhat exagerated) but our experience was great. When we arrived, we were given a room with a king size bed which we requested at the time of booking. The water temperature from the sink faucets was hot. On the first day the shower water was luke warm but every day after the first the water was hot. The room had a controllable thermostat, was nicely air conditioned although at night sometimes there was a slight, musty smell. The lighting in the rooms and bathroom is very dim because low wattage fluorescent bulbs are used. We did bring a couple of 100 watt bulbs for the bathroom and we were really glad we did. One of the lamps in the main room had a regular 75 watt light bulb which worked fine for reading. I would suggest to definitely bring a few high wattage bulbs to use in various locations of the room.On the fifth day of our visit we had a problem with our safe and called the front desk. Within 15 minutes there was a service man that came and reprogrammed the safe and it worked fine the rest of our trip.We stayed in villa 5 which overlooked one of the pools and the view from our balcony was beautiful. If our room was lacking anything like towels, etc. we just asked one of the maids and got what we needed.The pools were huge, very clean (didn't see any algae) and warm although there were some missing tiles but no big deal. The grounds were well kept and it seemed like they were always nicely trimming the bushes around the pools. Since this is their slow season, there were always plenty of pool chairs and umbrellas available. The only negative was that we encountered quite a few umbrellas that did not have the attached metal rod that you insert into the umbrella stand to keep the umbrella open and locked in place. I meant to report this to the front desk but forgot so another suggestion would be to bring a large nail or something similar in order to use to lock the open umbrella in place in case you have to use one of the broken ones. The beach, like most everyone said, is gorgeous with white sand and beautiful colored waters.Luckily the theatre was open during our visit and the shows were nice although many of them had an African and/or ballet theme. Those themes are not some of our favorites but the dancers were very good. Even the Disco show one night had a lot of ballet in it. I was expecting some Disco dancing but none was performed.The lobby bar opened the day before we were leaving and it looked very nice after the renovation. There was plenty of seating and nice entertainment being performed the night before we left.We have been to many all inclusives before (Jamaica, Mexico, Dom. Rep) and we thought that most of the food was pretty good especially in the Italian and Mexican specialty restaurants. The buffet restaurants do serve a lot of the same food every day but there is so much to choose from that we just tried to eat different food items every day which gave us a lot of variety. Mike's coffee shop, as most everyone indicated, was a wonderful place to try many types of coffees, frozen drinks, smoothies, teas, etc. It also had comfortable,cozy seating and was also nicely air conditioned.The staff does try to get all the guests to participate in the daily scheduled activities and I participated in the beach volleyball, water volleyball and water aerobics. Like most all inclusives, there is quite a bit to do if you want to stay active.The timeshare people approached us a few times but a polite no thank you worked fine for us and they moved on..We did the Outback Safari tour and we were a little apprehensive because it was supposed to go from 9:00 to 4:00 which seemed kind of long. Actually, the time went very fast because there was a lot to see with a number of stops along the way. The tour was very interesting and informative. The last part of the tour is a stop at a beautiful beach with large waves which were good for boogie boarding.I would recommend this resort because overall this was one of the nicest all inclusives we've stayed at. We really like the town square look of the resort where most of the restaurants, theatre, bowling alley, casino are setup in a town square just outside of the lobby. .Again, maybe we were lucky but your stay should be enjoyable. If you do encounter any problems, a polite call to the front desk (front desk people understand and speak English quite well) should resolve any problems you may be having.If you have any questions regarding the Ocean Blue resort, please feel free to send me an e-mail.Al  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Cyndi1234
<Content>Awesome, Thank you Apple Rep. Miguel Estrada We stayed from 10/19 till 10/26, didn't want to leave. Our apple rep Miguel Estrada was awesome. I had hear last year that there was a small school very near the hotel that could use some school items. I brough a whole suitcase. Not only did Miguel drive me there, he had a taxi waiting when I was finished. We loved everything about it. We had portraits done on the beach that came out gorgeous. The food, room, entertainment everything was great. Just keep in mind, the photo shop, gift shop and everywhere you want to purchase items. DOES NOT TAKE CREDIT CARDS. Caused some small problems but nothing major. Can't wait to go back next year.Cyndi EvansPittsburgh, PA  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>npopiela
<Content>Best vacation I have ever had!! I just got back from Oean Blue this past Thursday... My boyfriend and I were there from 10/20 - 10/25 and had the most wonderful time. I do not understand the complaints the other visitors had - the entire resort was gorgeous and the staff was extremely friendly and welcoming. When we first arrived, we were given a room with 2 queen beds in it - I called the front desk and they were able to switch us the next day to a room with a King size bed. We did had hot water for every shower and bath we took. Also, we had no water pressure issues at all. I suggest if you want to take a shower, take it at off times. We got up late and our showers were always hot!! As for the lighting in the rooms, very dim. I did bring a 100 watt light bulb with me so we had plenty of light in our room. Our view from our balcony was amazing. We overlooked the pool and had an ocean view - we stayed in Villa 6!The pools were huge and gorgeous (Yes - there were a few 1 inch tiles missing, but who cares? Why be so petty to complain about something so miniscule?) Also - I did not see any broken lights and/ or fixtures. The grounds were kept clean and beautiful at all times. They were renovating the lobby bar when we arrived but that project was completed by Wednesday and opened that night. This is the hotels off season and this is the time they undergo all upgrades...minor inconvenience considering the resort has many other bars offered. I have been to all inclusives before - Cancun and Cozumel. I have to say they I was extremely surprised at the quality and variety of food that Ocean Blue had to offer. All the included a la carte restaurants were delicious and they were all open everynight. The buffets had a vast amount of choices and everything was fresh. (Fresh veges were my favorite!!) We ate like champs on this vacation! No complaints or stomach issues at all.The beach was so nice and clean. Not a rock in site!! There was limited shade on the beach, but if that is an issue to you, the pools have plenty of umbrellas. The staff tries extremely hard to get all the guests to particapte in the daily scheduled activities. There is something to do for everyone at all times at this resort!As for the timeshares people, we were only confronted once. We politely said no thank you and they graciously walked away. No bother at all. As for the tipping, bring plenty of singles. It does seem like a lot of staff expected to be tipped but you have to think that tips are a huge part of their salary and how they get by. The average Domincan salary is $45 US dollars per week!! That is why I did not mind tipping and helping people who are less fortunate than me. They work very hard and very long hours to make what some of us make in one hour. We also did the Cave ATV tour and Saona Island excursion! I loves Saona - it was beautiful and peaceful! We also golfed at La Cana Gofl Course at Punta Cana Resort - it was amazing! There were so many holes right along the Ocean - best golf course I have ever been too!! Also had a phot shoot done at the resort - pictures came out great!!I would definitely return to this resort in a heartbeat. I came to Punta Cana and Ocean blue with an open mind. I was concerned about some of the reviews I had read on here before going on my trip but all worries were put to rest the minute I arrived!!! I highly recomend this resort!If you have any questions regarding OB, please feel free to contact me.Nikki  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Jacqui-Wrexham
<Content>Two Words FORGET IT>       Wardrobe with missing safe.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	2	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>Chilicon29
<Content>High Expectations....Low Results We stayed at the resort during the end of October and a lot of my review has already been echoed by people who were also there during my stay. First.... Bad Points:1) Getting off the plane...watch your luggage, there are, literally, at least 20 men there waiting to try and take your bag and run w/ it to put it in a taxi and they refuse to give it back to you w/o a tip. Don't let them take your bags...it's a hassle getting them back!!2) Checking In.... You ARE NOT interested in Orientation鈥?鈥?Welcome Breakfast鈥? 鈥滸roup VIP Welcome etc.., they will harass you about this during check-in and even during the first couple days of your stay. I was able to avoid this by reading other reviews from Trip Advisor. The last thing you want to do on your vacation is be dragged around the resort and listen about why you have to buy a timeshare!!3) The Room... The room we had was nice, clean and open...there were two downsides...No hot water, which another traveler said, as well as we were right next to the pool, so trying to take a nap anytime b/t 1pm and 6pm was impossible b/c of water aerobics...party time 4) The food....I know it's impossible but try and smuggle food in from the States! The buffets were not good at all. Room service was ok and the Mexican restaurant wasn't too bad, but avoid the rest at all costs, we're still recovering!Good Points1) Staff...Very friendly, very polite and helpful. It wouldn't hurt you to know a little Spanish, but most spoke at least some English and were very easy to get along w/ especially the bartenders!2) Alcohol/social scene...Best part of all-inclusive!! Pool bar and Sports bars were great and there were always friendly people around!Overall....Would not stay here again...and from what we saw of the country...probably wouldn't go back to the DR anytime soon either!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanning1
<Content>Watch Out For The Dominicans From Big Cities!!!!!!!!! As far as the hotel its self it was as really pretty and great food. As far as the time of year, I wouldn't go again. W e ran into a big problem on friday the 19 thru sunday th 21st. I never thought I would be writting things like this about Punta Cana. We we'ev been there 8 years in a row and its always been great!!!!!! This time we went off season. I can't tell you how disappointed I am at people from th D.R. that have a little bit of money. The were mean and nasty! My daughter and I were in line for an omelette and we got pushed away for almost 20 mins. by the D.R.'s that were there from like Santidmingo and such. They tried to steal our things off our chairs at the pool, they took over the pool bar like we didn't even matter. They also almost ruined a wedding on the beach!!!!!!!!!!!! This should not happen not for the type pf money that we as U.S. people and the Canadians who spent a lot of money to go there. last put not least it also had people tring to sell you time share at this place. BEWARE DON'T GO HERE DURING THEIR SLOW SEASON. Just go June thru Aug  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>beachlessinseattle
<Content>Can't wait to go back       swimming pool  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	2	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>oceanlover59
<Content>Do Not Stay Here No Matter How Cheap!!!! This is my first review I've ever written good or bad, but thought it worth the time to save others from staying here. My husband and I have traveled to the Dominican befores as well as to many of the other Carribean Islands and have always had a positive experience till this. We arrived at the hotel with no greesting or cold drink given to us. We checked in and were sent to a desk on the right to set up an appt. to meet a time share rep. for breakfast. They do not tell you this is what it is for, but I knew it from reading Trip Advisor. We politely declined, they were not happy and tried to persist. We were shown to our room. It overlooked the back of our hotel and the side of an adjacent hotel (the place was only half full). It did not have a king bed as we had booked a special which was to have an Elite Club room w/ king, canopy bed, fruit basket and coupon to a gourmet restaurant. We were moved to a room overlooking the pool. They told us they did not have any more king beds. We asked about the fruit basket, etc. They said they would check into it. We received them later that night. After traveling all day we went to take a shower before dinner. The water was ice cold w/ very little pressure. We called the desk and they told us they were working on it and it should be fixed by the next day. We thought, we can live with this. The next day the water situation was the same. The temperature in our room was always between 16-18C (~59-64F). We asked about this and they said they would send someone to look at it. We never saw anyone come. We found out that the guests that stayed the previous week had ice cold water w/ little pressure and cold rooms also. We were never told about any of this when we checked in. At the end of our first day ( we were staying a week)we asked to be moved to another hotel. Our Apple rep. said he has 400 clients staying here and he is not moving everybody. WE ONLY ASKED HIM TO MOVE US????????? We found out later in the week, it is Apple's policy to move a clients for free if they request it. The morning after we arrived Apple had a meeting for their clients. We were told at the meeting if we had complaints and were looking for compensation it would have to be handled back in the States. We didn't think much of it at the time but looking back it was a warning. The lobby bar and theater were closed for renovations. We were told our travel agents we notified about this but they never told us. We had to look at a boarded up lobby and listen to construction noises all week. The shows were held in a small conference room. Our Apple rep. was never around, but that could have just been poor timing on our part. When we called his cell phone he never answered. One night toward the end of the week we stopped by to see him( things were still the same with water and temp. in room), it was 6:20 p.m. he was supposed to work till 7:00 p.m., he had a sign up saying he was gone for the day. This was our first time booking with Apple. We then went to speak with Guest Services. We spoke with Josefina, the person in charge. We asked her what Ocean Blue was going to do for our inconvenience. She told us the manager said to offer guests a free 1/2 hr. massage in return for us signing a legal contract releasing Ocean Blue from any other responsibility or compensation. We declined to do this. We were extremely upset that this is how they treat they're guests. The beach was very nice. The Dominican people are wonderful. We had a positive experience again with them. The bartenders in the sports bar treated us very well as did Julio at the pool bar. This was before we tipped them which is why we tipped them later. The food was not very good and we are not fussy. We tried several of the restaurants and didn't like any of them. The people we met there didn't like the food either. The omelettes in the A.M. were good. The waitstaff in the buffet and restaurants were excellent, they went above and beyond. I would go back to Punta Cana a third time but would definitely not stay at Ocean Blue, nor would I recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ginnyfyr
<Content>A vacation is what you make of it My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Blue from September 28 through October 5/07. This was our 10th visit to Punta Cana. We have previously stayed at the RIUs (3X), the Catalonia, Bavaro Princess, Punta Cana Princess, and the Majestic Colonial (3X). I had high hopes for this resort and was excited to try something new after staying at the same resort for our last three trips. I don't know if we just visited on a bad week or what, but for the most part my expectations were not met. We arrived at the hotel around 2 p.m. and were pleased to hear that our room was ready. We were given room 4118, which was on the ground floor of villa 4. After receiving our towel and key cards, we were directed to another desk where a woman gave us more information about the hotel along with a resort map, a sheet detailing the restaurants/bars, a voucher for a free game of bowling, and a list of common Spanish phrases (great idea!) She then proceeded to schedule us to attend a breakfast meeting the next day where we would learn more about the resort. When I questioned her about what more we could possibly have to know about the hotel, she avoided my question and offered us two free massages on the beach or dinner for two at the Caribbean Grill a la carte (not included in the AI). That鈥檚 when I realized she was booking us for a timeshare presentation. We agreed to go but never did show up...oops. Once we were finished at her desk, we grabbed drinks at the lobby bar and walked to our room. Villa 4 is in a very convenient spot and was only a few minutes walk to both the beach and the lobby. We were met at our room by a bellboy who brought in our luggage and showed us where things were in the room (safe, fridge, a/c controls). Rooms were a good size and well kept. We had a comfortable king sized bed, dresser, an armoire containing the fridge and tv, and a small living area with a couch and coffee table. There were two chairs and a table on the patio along with a drying rack on the wall. The closet had ample space for our things and also contained an ironing board, iron, umbrella, and programmable safe. There was a large tub with jets, his and hers sinks, and a 1500 watt hairdryer in the bathroom. The air conditioning worked very well and was locked in at 65E, which was actually a little on the chilly side! Our room was made up by 1:00 each day. We left $2 US for the maid every day and usually had our bedspread folded into some kind of design when we came back to the room. I usually left another dollar with a note in the fridge asking for more water and beer; that got us 2 cans of Presidente and at least 4 bottles of water each time. Everything you鈥檝e read about the lighting in the rooms is true. It was unbelievably dim, especially in the evenings. Your eyes did adjust so reading in the room wasn鈥檛 impossible, but you had to be sitting right next to a lamp. Bringing your own light bulbs from home sounds silly but would definitely be useful. The main buffet was okay but nothing to write home about. Breakfast had the usual made to order omelettes and eggs, fruit, juices, etc. We had lunch here twice and the selection was pretty good - pizzas, made to order pastas, lots of fish, meats, and cooked vegetables. I was shocked to see romaine lettuce at the salad bar one day and gobbled it up - that's first time I've ever seen anything besides iceberg lettuce in Punta Cana. We had two dinners at the buffet, one of which was on their Dominican theme night. They had a roasted pig which my husband liked, while I enjoyed the red beans  rice with fish. For lunch we usually went to the beach restaurant. I preferred this to the main buffet because we could sit on the deck and enjoy the breeze off the water. They served delicious chicken along with an assortment of meats (burgers, hotdogs, and usually pork or beef), pizza, pasta, cooked vegetables, and a salad bar. They had a small selection of desserts and ice cream as well. This was also a convenient spot to enjoy the continental breakfast (very limited selection compared to the main buffet, but it meant you didn鈥檛 have to dodge the timeshare guys) or grab a snack later in the afternoon.Route 66 was our favourite a la carte. The atmosphere was fun, the food was good, and the service was fast. My favourite meal was the chicken wrap; my husband loved the Mother Road burger (basically a bacon cheeseburger). For appetizers we enjoyed the mozzarella sticks, chicken wings, and nachos - all delicious. We hear the rib eye steak was also quite tasty. Desserts included apple crisp, cheesecake, and a selection of very rich looking milkshakes. We also tried the Mexican a la carte. We loved the nacho bar for appetizers and the margaritas they brought to the table once we were seated. I enjoyed the fajitas but my husband was pretty disappointed with the three taco combo he ordered. The air conditioning was down the night we dined here so that didn鈥檛 add much to the experience for us. We probably would have enjoyed ourselves more if we鈥檇 been a little more comfortable. Food was also available after 11 p.m. at the Overtime Sports bar. They had fresh hotdogs going in a rotisserie machine and pizza, fries, hamburgers and chicken wings. With the exception of the hotdogs, I think it was all leftover stuff from the main buffet, but when you just wanted a quick bite to eat after a night of drinking and dancing, it got the job done.Mike's Coffee and Tea Bar was fantastic and provided a lovely spot to sit and enjoy a cup of tea or a specialty coffee and snack. Their banana bread and brownies were absolutely heavenly, as were the Irish coffee and frappacinos. They even do carry-out so you can take your drinks and treats back to your room or out to one of the patio tables to relax with. You can also find photocopies of many major North American and European newspapers here, as well as a small book exchange shelf toward the back of the shop. Alcohol was available at bars in the lobby (10 am-12 am), sports bar (5 pm-6 am), pool bars (10 am-7 pm), the beach restaurant (6:30-11 pm) and the disco (11 pm-3 am). Service was pretty fast at all of them. We really enjoyed the atmosphere in the lobby and lobby bar...unfortunately it was closed for renovations on the third day into our stay and we spent the rest of the week listening to the sweet sounds of the jackhammer. The sports bar and Mike's were opened earlier in the day to accommodate for this. Bottled Budweiser and Corona were available at the Sports Bar, and my husband enjoyed Canadian Club and Johnny Walker Red in his drinks at all of the bars throughout the week. For a small tip he even managed to get Johnny Walker Black in his drinks at the Sports Bar. I saw Bailey鈥檚 and Malibu Rum at several of the bars as well. I didn鈥檛 try the house red wine but the white was surprisingly good. Service from the staff was good. Everyone was friendly, though in many cases I got the impression that smiles were forced and people weren鈥檛 genuinely happy to be there. Of all the resorts we鈥檝e been to, the staff here spoke the best English. I tried practising my incredibly bad Spanish on them and the reply always came back in English. While we have fun trying to communicate in Spanish when we鈥檙e in the Dominican, it was wonderful to not have much of a language barrier at this resort. The management was another story. During our stay the resort had some major problems with their water/plumbing system. We had lukewarm water for the first two days of our stay, then only cold water, and then no water at all for a whole day (which led to the lovely smell of raw sewage coming from the villa courtyards and the area in front of the restaurants). Nobody seemed to be able to provide a solid answer as to what the problem was or when it would be fixed. Fortunately the smell and the lack of water was resolved within 24 hours, but for the rest of the week we still did not have hot water to bathe in. I鈥檓 all for a cool shower in the Dominican heat, but this was pushing it. Similarly, when one guest had the safe ripped right off his closet wall during a break-in, the managers seemed rather indifferent toward the situation. After speaking with the victim, we learned that security was adamant about not involving the local police. It didn鈥檛 seem like much was really being done by the hotel security and management until his tour rep arrived, a good 12 hours after the robbery had taken place. The lobby and lobby bar were closed for renovations a few days into our visit, and the theatre was closed before we even got there. We were not notified of these closures before we arrived. The only notice of the lobby being closed was a sign posted on the bar on the last evening that it was open. I spoke with my travel agent when we got home and she told us she had just received notice from a tour operator on October 5th stating that the theatre was closed - no mention of the lobby being down for construction. We weren鈥檛 concerned about not being able to use the theatre since we don鈥檛 normally watch the shows, but the lobby closure really limited the places to sit outdoors if it was raining. There were some patio tables with umbrellas outside the restaurants but those things only do so much to protect you when it鈥檚 really coming down!This resort is well laid out, with the rooms around the exterior of the resort and the pools and main walkways running up the middle. Everything was easy to find and within walking distance of everything else. I was surprised to see a tram running in a resort of this size, though I鈥檓 sure it was appreciated by those with mobility issues or small children. The resort also appeared to be very wheelchair friendly (and stroller friendly) with ramps at all of the buildings and wheelchair accessible stalls in all of the washrooms. Both pools were open for use but the blue pool bar was closed, so we hung out at the yellow pool. At it鈥檚 deepest point, I鈥檓 guessing the yellow pool is just over 5 feet deep. There were some built in sun loungers at the end closest to the beach, and a shallow shelf to sit on with steps leading into the deeper part of the pool. Since the hotel was only half full, getting lounge chairs under an umbrella was never an issue.The beach was very spacious, clean, and beautiful. There were plenty of shady square things available (their version of palapas are square structures with fabric woven across the top to provide shade), although they all looked like they were in need of new 鈥榬oofs鈥? The hotel knocked a few of them down by the end of their stay so I鈥檓 not sure if they were repairing them or installing something that provides better shade for the guests. We were there for the sun so we were happy to park our loungers away from the shady spots. The swimming area in the ocean was one of the best we鈥檝e ever seen, with an even, flat bottom and no rocks at all. There was no seaweed growing in the swimming area, and the water was clean and clear. There is an activities board by the beach that tells you what is scheduled each day. The animation team didn鈥檛 seem to be very animated at all and had a difficult time getting people to take part in things. Water aerobics was a popular activity in the morning but otherwise we didn鈥檛 see a lot going on. We took part in a hilarious pool game one afternoon early in our stay but the pool activities seemed to die off as the week progressed.Evening entertainment faded out over the course of the week as well. For our first few nights, the shows were held in the lobby since the theatre wasn鈥檛 available. When they closed the lobby for construction on the Tuesday, the shows were moved into a small conference room near the disco. We did hear a show going on that night while we sat out having a drink, but the rest of the evenings were pretty quiet. Strike bowling alley was a great place to go during inclement weather or just for something different to do. Bowling is $15 US per game. You can also purchase socks there for $2 US if you haven't brought any of your own (no socks = no bowling) The air conditioning was down on our first visit which made for a rather sticky game, but they'd fixed it by the end of the week. You can also play pool, ping pong, foosball and air hockey here for no charge. Drinks are available as well.We went to the disco twice. They have plenty of seating available including two huge square swings that you can sit inside, and a decent sized dance floor. Music was almost all North American pop and rap; I don't recall hearing any bachata or meringue while we were there. I think it opened at 11 p.m. but didn't really get going until closer to 1 a.m.Archery and tennis are available near the front entrance of the resort, though we never ventured up there to check it out. You can also rent bicycles at the tennis booth, but I鈥檓 not sure if you were allowed to ride them outside of the property. Not sure if this counts as an activity but they do have an internet centre for those wishing to get online. $4 US bought you 15 minutes of surfing time, which was sufficient to shoot off a quick email home and check up on the weather or news. The internet centre is located near the front of the resort, in the same area as Harrison鈥檚 Jewellery and the other shops. This resort is in a great spot for shopping as the beach vendors are immediately to the left of the hotel. We didn鈥檛 bother to venture over as we already have a ton of souvenirs from our previous vacations. The resort has a gift shop, cigar/cigarette store, a small clothing store and a Harrison鈥檚 Jewellery boutique. Prices in the gift shop actually seemed pretty reasonable given the strength of the Canadian dollar (i.e. Banana Boat sunblock was $12 US - I鈥檝e paid that much at home before). On Saturday nights the resort allows some vendors to set up shop in the main courtyard area. Perhaps it was worse because there weren鈥檛 as many guests for them to sell to but they were unbelievably aggressive - far more so than the vendors we鈥檝e previously encountered on shopping nights at resorts. We did all of our shopping at Don Lucas cigars. We have visited there on our last three trips and it鈥檚 a great place to buy quality cigars and stock up on coffee and rum. They also carry a selection of artwork, jewellery and clothing/sarongs, all at reasonable prices. Transportation to and from Don Lucas is free - just ask desk services to contact them to arrange a pick up time.We met friends at the new Palma Real shopping centre one evening for cigars and drinks. It looked like any other mall you鈥檇 find at home, complete with ritzy looking stores selling the same merchandise you can get at home for cheaper. Save your money - your dollars will go farther at the beach vendors or your hotel gift shop. While we did have a blast at this resort thanks to a lovely couple that we met from the U.K., we would not return. We weren鈥檛 impressed with the hotel鈥檚 support of the timeshare vultures - their tactics were downright sneaky and very annoying. We go on vacation to relax, not to worry about how we can avoid being hassled while we try to get breakfast (a firm 鈥榥o thank you鈥?was not enough to deter these guys). I think that when everything is running smoothly, the Ocean Blue is probably a fantastic resort to vacation at. Unfortunately we got to see how things are handled when they aren鈥檛 running smoothly, and that was enough to deter us from returning for a second visit.I鈥檓 happy to share my photos and answer questions - you can email me at ginnyfyris@yahoo.ca  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>SteelersRule
<Content>Do not recommend My husband and I were at the Ocean Blue for 5 days starting October 8. The grounds and general area were okay...no major complaints. But I've been to other resorts that were much more beautiful. There was a lot of greenery but not many flowers; but the flamingos were a nice touch. We found the food to be very disappointing....especialy Breakfast!!! Most of the items on the breakfast bar weren't even identifiable. We tried to keep an open mind and try different things but they were barely edible at best. After seeing trucks of eggs in the blazing sun enroute to the hotel we were leary of eating eggs for breakfast....however that would have probably been the best option. Lunch was very so-so and was basically the exact same thing every day. The dinner at the Mexican restaurant was pretty good; Italian - not bad. The best meal we had was at El Bogedon, however we had to pay and additional $50 for our meal....at that point it was worth it. Coffee shop was very nice. The bars were okay and the bartenders at the pool bar (closest to ocean) were very fun....they took good care of us.The room was okay...could have been a little cleaner. The water situation is HORRIBLE. There was no hot water at all and barely any water at all at times. Based on reviews I've read since I got back, this problem must be on-going and not a one time thing.The pools were nice but could use a little maintenance attention. The beach however was beautiful and very clean.The sports bar is okay but nothing great. The Casino is very small and most of the people playing slots complained that they were hitting nothing. For $20, you got nothing back to even give you any play time. Our last night there the resort was a little more crowded and the machines appeared to be a little more generous.We did not feel safe enought to leave the resort for anything so the only shopping were the local vendors on the beach who were very annoying. You couldn't walk through the huts without them following you and begging you to buy from them. The hotel gift shop was very expensive.We will never return to the Ocean Blue or Punta Cana again. For the money, you could have a much nicer vacation in the Bahamas, Cancun or Riviera Maya.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Creyes80
<Content>Excellent hotel!!!! This hotel is awesome. The staff is great. The rooms are great. The food is excellent. The beach is breath taking. What more can you expect from a hotel with this type of calibur. I would definetly staff in this hotel again. Just make sure that when you go to this hotel u try the Julio special. This drinks rocks!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tivan4
<Content>Loved the Ocean Blue Resort Loved the Ocean Blue. Went for a four day trip and it was great. The flight was smooth and on time. The airport in Punta Cana is an open air airport, pretty cool and easy to manuver through.We upgraded to the Elite Club when we booked and felt for the four days it was worth it. We had Room 6103 in the Elite Club villa. It was a beautiful room with a king size canopy bed, chaise lounge and the bathroom was HUGE with double sinks, separate jacuzzi tub and tons of marble. We always had plenty of towels and they were changed daily. The Elite suite offers a fruit basket upon checkin, along with 3 cigars, premimum liquor, stocked fridge, robes, slippers, beach towels. The Elite check in was quick and smooth and I had a glass of champagne while waiting to check in. (in fact I had a lot of champagne during the whole trip)...The pool is actually two large pools separated by a hot tub, both with their own swim up bar. The people were cleaning the pools all the time.The beach is spectacular. White soft sand and blue water...completely awesome. Plenty of chairs.Food was really good, steak house and italian were really good. There is an extra cost for the steak house. Buffet was fresh and plenty to chose from. The grounds were clean and very pretty.There is a casino on site, didn't spend much time there. The sport's bar was good and they have Corona and waitress service outside. Mike's coffee was AWESOME..great cappacino and cheesecake.The employees were awesome and very friendly. Had a massage at the Spa...loved it (actually caught myself drooling)...I highly recommend it and go with an open mind. If you look for flaws, I am sure that you find them...but I thought this hotel was good for the price.Any questions, email me.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wandon
<Content>Buyer Beware - Ocean Blue We checked into this hotel for a 10 day 鈥?9 night vacation. This was our 5th trip to Punta Cana and the first time at this hotel. I do a lot of checking before booking a hotel and rely on reviews from other vacationers having stayed there. On this hotel, most seemed fairly good and so we decided to stay here. Boy鈥?What a mistake! The grounds, food and rooms were all fair and what you might expect from a hotel with this rating. But, starting from checking in鈥?we had a Junior Suite. In asking for an upgrade, the only upgrade was the Elite and that was for $60.00 per person per night. (You work the numbers --- $120.00 time nine nights.) Being that there was no budging, tipping or other choice, we stayed with what we had!Others have made comments about the water problem鈥?and that is so accurate! The choice was cold water and then no water at all. The whole complex operates under one water flow and when that is down then the whole complex is without water, be it hot or just any water鈥?what a joke. When confronting the maintenance people and then the front desk鈥?the only answer was we are working on it and it should be fixed soon. After the second night, I called our travel agency (Cheap Caribbean) and explained the problem, that I would give them one more night and then would be requesting a transfer to a different resort. That next morning we had hot water and the around 2pm we went to our room and again鈥?no water at all. I made that call, requested a transfer, check out and went to the Gran Bahia Principe 鈥?Punta Cana for the additional 6 night. We had stayed there for 9 nights around July this year and what a fantastic resort, the difference between night and day. (You ask then why we tried the Ocean Blue鈥?research, special pricing and we like to try different resorts.) A couple of other comments:**The staff is not all that friendly there; it appears they may not be happy with their job. **They maid service did nothing special even with leaving her tip and candy鈥?no flowers or towel animals. (Not a big deal but a nice gesture!) **The shuttle service is a joke also. It appeared they only have two small shuttles and you are lucky to be at a stop to catch one otherwise a 5 to 10 min. wait. **My wife鈥檚 birthday was on the 30th. I asked the front desk if I could have a bottle of campaign delivered to the room that night. Was told that I had to talk to Customer Service鈥?located in the room next to the reception area. Asked the young lady there and she did not know and made a phone call, showed me a room service menu showing a cost of $60.00 to $80.00 for a bottle of campaign. I mentioned that they serve cheap campaign at the bar and dining room and could I buy one of those or just leave a tip for her/their trouble. She made another call and the answer was no! With that we walked to the lobby bar, ask for two glasses of campaign, saluted my wife and ask the bartender to take our picture. (Happy 鈥?Happy Whatever and Good Luck!) My only other suggestion is to make sure your travel agent or agency will take care of you if you should run into similar problems at the resort you might choose.***Was warned and yes they still have a bad algae problem in the pool. Also, one pool swimup bar did not open even when they said it would.***Casino was hot with no A/C working.***Best thing about the whole resort was the coffee shop!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunderlandJules22
<Content>highly priced, overated, rude staff and facilities closed MMmmmmm where do i start. Good Points:The beaches were fantastic and met some nice people. The Sports Bar was good when you tip, the Route 66 was good when the food was cooked properly and the coffee shop was very good.The best service on the resort was in the coffee bar!! Also, the room maids were good.The shop complex was good.Poor Points:The brochure offered much and shame it delivered nothing.On arrival the room was smelly and always smelt musty!One of the 2 pool bars was closed, the lobby bar was closed for over 6 weeks, lots of drilling and painting (loose wires and hazzards everywhere. Bring your hard hat)!!At least three of the restaurants were closed everynight.Too many selling timeshare on the complex!!Too many selling photo's on the complex that you will want to drown him when he has insulted you when you do not pay for his services!!The staff were poor and always on the take!!Outcome:It ws my 40th, 2 weeks away and the first time to the South. I would not return to this Hotel again if you offered me the Hotel free of charge!!If i could score zero i would what a waste of money over 拢2,000 english pounds over $4,000 US!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>DominicanBeachlovers
<Content>Service is good, harassment is constant The hotel is lovely; everything from the beach to the pools. People who work there are great: everyone from waiters/waitresses to people who sweep floors are very attentive and friendly. The beach, of course, is beautiful (not unlike Dominican Rep. beaches) and the nightlife is super. The food is very varied as well - you're sure to gain a pound or two. Check-in and -out are speedy, which is a real plus, as is room service. HOWEVER, my one complaint was the constant harassment from the hotel people convincing you to join their club: they'll chase you after breakfast or lunch, and even right after you check in, they'll send you to a desk supposedly to retrieve hotel information, when they're really trying to sell you this club package disguised as otherwise. If someone approaches you and asks if you speak English (or Spanish), run fast - it's probably them.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Me_Orangutan
<Content>Nice Resort with a Great Beach Let's start by stating we were looking for a last minute deal and a deal it was. It pays to shop around and to try various resorts.My Overall Rating for this vacation was VERY GOOD. You will see below that the accomodations and flight were good. The major factor here was the price. The cost was EXCELLENT (probably my cheapest trip yet).Flight: Rating GOOD. Third time dealing with the Flight Centre in Ancaster (Stacy Claydon) and we have been pleased every time. The flight was out of Toronto and with SkyService. The flight was good, food poor, but didn't care as I was travelling south. I'm tall, but the seats we good enough to accomodate my length. On the return trip, I was treated to the exit seats (lots of leg room) once we were on board, by the stewardess.Travel to Hotel: Rating GOOD. Travel was about 25 minutes from airport to hotel.Hotel Arrival: Rating FAIR to GOOD. We travelled with another couple and we didn't bother racing to get to the front of the line. Actually we ended up last in line (about 60 people in total). It took about 30 minutes to get through the line and we were treated to a couple of drinks during that time. Be aware that the front desk pointed us over to a few desks located just to the right of the front desk. Everyone went there, but after a few short minutes you realized they were setting up an appointment for you, so that someone could talk to you about a time share project. We decided to attend, partly for interest sake, but I'll be honest here, for the gift. There was 4 choices and we chose the 25 minute massage (trully enjoyed the massage, but not the 2 hour speech that just dragged on). Also Richard, who appeared to be one of the lead hands, was very ignorant and ended his talk to us with what I would call a rude comment.Hotel Room: Rating GOOD. We arrived on a Sunday and the place was packed. Unfortunately we received a room which faced a roadway between to hotels. Terrible view. The following day we were moved to a pool view after we requested a room change. No issue on Monday. The room was very nice and we had no critters to worry about. Our maid did a good job each day although we did only have 2 bath towels.Pool: Rating GOOD. Two very large pools beyween the two rows of villa's. Quite clean although starting to loose some of the tiles.Beach: Rating VERY GOOD. Beautiful beach where you could walk for at least 45 minutes in either direction and feel quite safe. There are a few locals trying to sell things, but usually no bother to you. There is beach volleyball, a man made rock climbing area, many other activities that the staff try to get you involved. Best part is they actually reward several people daily with a bottle of rum for getting involved. There always seemed to be chairs available, regardless what time you got to the beach. There isn't a lot of shade at the beach, so make sure you have your sunscreen.Restuarants: Rating GOOD. There are 4 ala carte restuarants to choose from and they are on a first come first serve basis. Never was an issue for us with getting a seating. We tried the Mexican and I would rate FAIR. We didn't try the Dominican (assumed it to be too spicy) or the American (can eat that type of food probably anytime). We went to the Italian twice and it was GOOD both times (try the shrimp, very good). There are also 2 paying restuarants which we chose not to attend. Always seemed empty when we ever walked past. The Buffet Restuarant had a variety of food and I would rate it as GOOD also. The Beach Buffet was our favourite lunch location and had good selections. We were visiting in their off season, so during the week they alternated the ala carte restuarants around, closing 2 of them at a time.Bars: Rating GOOD. The bartenders were great in some locations and not so good in other spots. Julio seemed to be my favourite bartender. Try his special, it can knock you down if you have too many.Entertainment: Rating FAIR to GOOD. Evening shows were Good at best. which we didn't really care because we went for the beach and sun. It was entertaining. There is a Casino on the premises, so we spent about an hour there on most nights.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>mrskinzer
<Content>Loved the DR!!!       Punta Espada at Cap Cana  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PittsburghPaMoog
<Content>Would never return to this resort       Beach Shelters  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fourmine
<Content>Perfect Vacation! My family stayed at the Ocean Blue this past August. I can't say enough great things about the resort. Overall, we had a perfect stay. The staff couldn't have been friendlier. You could sense they were trying so hard to please. I recommend the Elite Club for those who want a little more luxury (upgraded room, free internet, proximity to beach, etc.) We had no water problems ( the shower in the Elite bath was small in comparison to the huge tub!), no bugs, the food was very good (El Bodegon was great!), the red wine we had was decent, the weather was terrific (with the exception of the day Dean passed by), the beach was beautiful. There was a lot of seaweed (more so than when I was there in February), but I attribute this to the season and the storms churning up the ocean. The hotel invites feedback from the guests, striving to be even better. Just go and relax. Enjoy what the resort has to offer. I cried when we had to leave.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harveyhunch
<Content>Wow- We loved our stay at Ocean Blue/Sands Golf  Our first view of the hotel was the lobby area, which was really impressive, with lots of seating and a central bar. The check in was really quick, we were greeted with an Ocean Blue cocktail, and then given our room keys and wristbands. We were invited to a tour with a H10 representative after breakfast, but we did not turn up. We were not bothered by them at all during our stay . We were then transported to our rooms in Villa 9 by the fun bus,our luggage was already there waiting for us. We had problems with the safe but that was sorted out the same day, it went wrong again the next day but was sorted out within one hour of reporting it. The rooms were not overly impressive, but how much time do you spend in your room. Beds were comfy and the rooms were kept clean. Our maid kept us supplied with soft drinks and the odd Presidente, so we were happy. The pools were huge, kept very clean by the pool men, who would swim underwater collecting empty cups left by lazy people after using the pool bar. Several times a day, you would see the poolmen checking the water with their chemical kits.The food was good, there was huge choice in the buffets for all meals, and it would be fair to say that some nights were better than others. The mexican was very disapointing, the margaritas were nice though. Route 66 blew hot and cold, we went there three times, twice was excellent , the last time the food was bad, the service was worse. The lobster restaurant on the beach was lovely, it cost $20 each and you got 4 courses. I was full up after the 2nd , the food was lovely. The Bodegon was nice, the advocado shrimp salad was lovely and steak with lobster tail was delicious. Tried the coffee shop a few times, couldnot find the cheesecake that every one raved about. I felt that the desserts looked really nice but tasted quite bland. The macaroons were yummy.The staff were what made this holiday, the lads from the animation team were brilliant, really friendly and fun. The pool bar especially the two Victors kept the drinks flowing and really looked after us. We did tip but never felt that we needed to, we just wanted to show our appreciation. Edwin at the lobby bar, made the best Bloody Marys I have ever had.The beach was beautiful, with white sands and the palm trees, plenty of sunbeds to be found both in the shade of the palms or around the pool. Only one negative thing really and that was at the weekends when you were swamped by the locals. We even had our sunbeds moved so they could get into the shade and witnessed the local pimp parading his ladies around the pool bar touting for business. All in all, I would reccomend this hotel .  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachlover241
<Content>Most wonderful resort! After reading tons of reviews, I finally decided to choose Ocean Blueresort as one of our vacation destination. My boyfriend and I with one other couples in our 30s traveled from Sept. 7-13th. First of allwe were somewhat skeptical in going around hurricane season. But we could not surpass the good rate per person for approximately $800 allinclusive. We booked our vacation through cheapcarribean.com For theentire 7days, we got nice sun and warm water. It did rain couple of nights for 10minutes. but no mosquitos except on the very last day of our stay. We started to encounter some bites near the lobby area.Upon booking, we requested to have an elite club but was told that it is not guarantee and so I decided to email the request myself to Ocean Blue. However I was not sure if we would be granted as I never receive any reply from the resort. Our flight was ok with American Airline. We flew out of BWI and had to connect into Miami. Before we know it, our trip arrive to Punta Cana in less than one hour. Upon arrival to Punta Cana airport, we were greeted with musicians. Passport clearance was speedy. However we ran into a problem where everyone must pay $10pp for entrance. My boyfriend somehow misplace his $10 card. And of course the authorities will not let him in. So he had to pay an additional $10 for a card. So make sure you hang onto the card until you are completely clear and stamped. I was glad to get out of the airport as the people there only wanted money from the tourists. Once we got out of the airport, bunch of taxi people just wanted to grab our bags. But of course, we already book our ground transfer with cheapcarribean and the company's name is Tourinto. Highly recommended to avoid the hassle. The trip from airport to Ocean Blue was only 30minutes max. Once we got to the hotel, the lobby was huge and elegant. Nice breeze with plenty of loungers. My boyfriend immediately went to the bar and got himself a drink. And of course this is before we checked in. Each person is to receive a bracelette which must be worn throuhout your entire stay. And of course, we were lucky to be granted an elite club room.The resort is huge with nice big pool. Grounds are immaculate. Not one single trash except near the pool area where cups may be laying around. However the crew manage to pick every single cup by the end of the day. We stay in Villa 6 and the room is awesome especially with the jet jacuzzi. We used this three times during our stay. No problems with hot/cold water or toilet issues. I especially like the shower head for the height adjustment since I am short and my boyfriend is tall. Something that I will definetely invest in for my house. There are five specialty restaurants. My suggestion is to go the Italian and the buffet. Seems like food taste better towards the weekend than weekdays. My boyfriend and I did encounter stomach problems. But our friends were fine. Bring some immodium or peptobismo. Excursions: we did the carribean festival which was ok. The best part was anticipating to swim with the nurse sharks. that was our highlight. Second excursion was the ATV. We like this the best. You ride through town either in single or double ride. Make sure to bring a goggle, shoe and T-shirt to cover your nose and mouth as sandand debri will fy into your face. After going through half of the town, you will stop by the natural pool hidden in the cave. Must dive into the cave to get the nice cool-off before going on road again with the ATV. And then the best part is riding into the most breath-taking view of Maccao beach. Nice crystal clear water with fine sand. Best beach in DR. Third excursion is the speed boat. This excursion was ok. We just wanted to experience the speed boat. Snorkeling was ok. I've seen better in other carribean islands. Overall, we liked Punta Cana a lot especially Ocean Blue resort. Thecrews and the people are wonderful and always smiling. Just make sureto brush up on some Spanish before going or get a pocket dictionary.My boyfriend knows how to draw well. And so we use pictionary to communicate for what we want. This trip and resort is well worth the time and money. Just go and relax and experience the culture. We willdefinetly be back!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>floridiantraveler
<Content>great vacation       Edwin teaching archery  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Jam0n
<Content>Nice but... We were in Punta Cana Sept. 1 to Sept 8th-My first impression of Ocean Blue was good. The lobby is huge and airy. Check in was fast. I was a little ticked at myself that I relied on my request with my booking agent that I would receive a first floor room since I was treating my mom to her 78th B-day. We were on the 3rd floor with no elevator. We had to wait till late afternoon for the change. I was very worried about my mom and those steps, it was hard on her. They almost gave us a 2nd floor room and I'm glad I asked before walking away, because I would of ended up with the 2nd fl. Our 1st floor room was in a lovely location, close to the beach with view of the pool, Villa 9 but the room was very damp. I had to open the slider to get some of the dampness out. The sheets felt wet most of the time from the high humidity in the room. Everything else was fine. The weather was beautiful, balmy, breezy with sunny sky's all week. The ocean was calm  warm. For snorkelling you have to pay 35.00 down and you get it back but they only give you an hour. There were some fish but not that many. The food was average but we had a good experience in the Italian and the Dom. Republic rest. The people are warm and very friendly and we don't know the Spanish language. The people were our favorite part of this hotel. Mike's Coffee was outstanding but the personalities there were surprisingly less friendly otherwise just delicious so it didn't matter as much. The Beach is beautiful and the pools were big and were kept clean. I did notice some sex seekers that someone else mentioned here. I am not a teenager and they were still lurking around trying to start conversations in the water. So an awareness won't hurt . Maybe they were looking for work? Who knows.The market on the beach has nice larimar but be careful, bargain with them. The stone has already fell out of a ring I bought, so be careful. The beaded larimar is the best but start of at 50.00. They are asking 300.00. This necklace is of better quality. You can probably get it for 100.00 if you want to spend that much. Otherwise there are other interesting pieces for less.But overall this was a nice place for an RR vacation. The price was excellant for the value. We met alot of nice people from all over. We especially loved meeting people from England  Belgium, and the people of DR were very nice people. If I go back the DR I would check out La Romana on the caribbean side. I would aloso go back to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>cowsfat12
<Content>Nice but not worth it       the outside looks nice, the inside, not so good  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>eskimo_7
<Content>Just Lovely! We had stayed at Punta Cana once before,at the Grand Palladium, but this time wanted to take our young child along so we chose Ocean Blue. Upon arrival, we breezed right through to our luggage, picked that up, and were shown to our apple bus. It takes about 30-35 minutes to get to Ocean Blue from the airport, and this was the part of the trip I was most nervous about, as we were traveling with a 2 year old, and they dont allow for car seats (we had checked with our agent prior to leaving.) I was very pleased to see the bus was quite large, with single seats, across the chest seatbelts etc... Our bus made a few other stops before reaching Ocean Blue. We arrived (safe and sound) around 11:30, check-in is at 3:00, so our room was not ready. We were provided with a map and a quick breifing of all the resort has to offer, and decided to head to the main buffet for lunch. Our room was ready by 1:00, (very clean-no problems with housekeeping) and from that point on we really had a wonderful time. Every day was sunny, the beach was gorgeous,and we found the staff to be very easy going and friendly. Here are a few things we discovered-perhaps you will find them helpful...They do serve coronas, mailbu rum, and Bailey's (don't let them tell you they have run out they can always call for more-we only experienced this at the pool bar), DEFINETLY make the trip down to the shops on the beach, the souveniers are well worth it! Great prices, (even on cigars) the sellers are very easy going when it comes to barganing-you won't feel harassed. Make an appointment with the photographers that walk around, you will get some truly beautiful pictures, but be careful, they are $8 a piece, and it's very hard to narrow down your choices. If you are looking to have your hair braided or extensions etc.. go to the shops on the beach! We had our daughters hair braided and beaded for $12 and had other vacationer's telling us they paid $50-$60 at the resort! Definetly make it to the Itallian resturant, they have a very good appetizer spread and delicious tiramisu. Also frequent Mike's coffee house excellent espresso and smoothies. The food at the buffet resturants was good, stir-fry station is excellent. One of our favorite evenings was the Beach Party where they set up all the tables on the beach with white cloths, candles, etc. and put out a beautiful spread: steak, seafood kabobs, roast turkey, bbq chicken, chilled wine, fresh fruit...We had a blast. Overall, our trip was exactly what we wanted, gorgeous weather, friendly staff, yummy food and cocktails...we would definelty reccomend Ocean Blue.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AshWakefield_UK
<Content>Fantastic!!!! We feel obliged to write a review, especially after reading the odd negative one!!!We just spent 2 weeks at this resort and thought it was excellent. We were a little concerned about the weather forecast, but this is obviously taken in the hills because it was gorgeous for the whole 2 weeks.Short points to descirbe it:gorgeous weatherlovely peoplegood varied food, all restaurants (don't need to book), esp mexican and dinermasses of space (no need to reserve beds)drinks with int brands including baileys and champagne (fizzy wine)comfy bedsspacious roomstv not great but what have you come away for?All in all, we wouldn't normally recommend a hotel to people but this one we would! We believe that people who complain expect more than they payed for!!!!Go for it!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>sabitadave
<Content>Loved it... I spent quite a bit of time stressing over whether this was going to be a nice hotel. We are a family of five, 35,34,10,6, and 2. I wanted a resort that would please veryone and that is what we got. I have NO complaints...we only left once in 8 days and were fine. It is the kind of place that forces you to relax and that is what we needed. The staff was more than helpful and really went out of their way to make the kids have fn. We didn't utilize the official kids club but our kids did participate in some of the activities...The pools are HUGE and even the baby had lots of room to play safely. There were lots of other families and the kids found friends to entertain them...leaving me with time to relze. I would go back to this hotel and definitely to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>GandaEngland
<Content>Never Again We stayed at the Ocean Blue from 21st Aug until 4th Sept 2007. There was two adults and 4 teenagers.My wife booked this hotel in May 2006 and requested two rooms with two beds in each as all the teenagers were not related so could not all share beds. We also E mailed the hotel three times before arrival and when we arrived we had been given rooms with only one bed in each. This was in villa 9 and the rooms were lovely here. We then got moved to villa 5 and although we had two beds the rooms were far inferior. The kids room had knobs missing off the cupboards, cracked tiles, graffitti on furniture and both rooms smelt. Lovely view of the service road though.On a plus side the air con is great but thats it.Within two days of being here my girls and some of their new friends had been pestered by a member of staff requesting that they accompany him to the beach when he finishes work at 1am etc etc. I also saw this same man kissing another guest in the ocean and he was basically a sex pest. I had no option to report him to the manager and to be fair he was dismissed immediately. However within two days we saw him working at a neighbouring hotel. If you do have teenage girls you really need to watch them as some of the staff were too friendly. All my teenagers wore orange bands which shows that they are under 18 yet they could be served alcohol in most of the bars with no problems whatsoever.Poolside extremely dirty with little or no cleaning taking place. I monitored one piece of spilt cake which remained for at least 5 days and I can only assume the ants finally ate it all.On one day during the two weeks one of the pools was closed off to all the guests as a local man with stacks of money was having a wedding there. A live band played into the early hours and that night when we went to dinner in the buffet we had to actually go into the kitchen to obtain our food. One guests child was badly burnt when a lid was dropped by another guest due to it being so hot. They called this a gala dinner but there was 50% less choice and a lot of the food was sweating and smelling due to being left in the kitchen without coolers etc. There was hardly any staff in the eating area and no table cloths or serviettes. We had to use toilet paper to wipe our hands. A real impressive gala dinner.The following day the guests had to return the sunbeds to the pool area which had broken glass, spilt food and even a used durex around it. The a la carte restaurants are merely a gimmick for the hotel. The food was cold and the service terrible. On one occasion in the Route 66 it took over an hour to produce the appertizers, I had ordered chicken wings. The waiter brought me a plate of french fries and said the wings were off. When it was put to him that perhaps a sorry or would you like something else sir might have helped he threw a fork on the table and began to hiss. We left as I thought that a better option than to create a scene.We tried the Mexican and the Italian and again the food was at best appalling.It was my birthday on 030907 so my wife booked a table for 14 at the buffet and confirmed it that morning. When we arrived no table and no explanation. There was also a cake which they had forgotten and my wife spent 20 minutes at guest relations sorting that out when she should have been at the table enjoying our celebration.On every day of our second week here some of teh a la carte restaurants were closed.We spoke to many other guests and there was widespread disappointment with this hotel. I personally witnessed one guest taking a piece of pizza to the rep which had a lump of metal in it. He had a young child that could have been injured with that.We did bring all these points and more to our rep and we will be taking further action through our travel agent. Our rep had a stack of similar complaints on her desk.We met some lovely people whilst there and it was them and not the resort that made our holiday bearable.If this was the only hotel left in the world I would never visit again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>marcushall
<Content>Thumbs Up for Ocean Blue       Villa 6  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>zipavest
<Content>Absolute Tropical Paradise Just got back after being at Ocean Blue for 7 days and I was in heaven. After reading some of the reviews you get a little nervous but I am not a picky person so I knew I would be fine. First the ride over from the Airport to the hotel was horrible but this is how they drive in the DR so get used to it (lol)... Checked in with no problem and no lines and greeted with a cool wash cloth and a drink. Bellboys drive you to your room with luggage and explain everything in your room. Safe is free to use also. Very large room with 2 double beds, huge tub double sink big closet, Nice TV with Refrig and a patio outside your room. Oh and the aircondition was freezing cold so I had to keep turning down. The grounds are spotless, the maid was awesome and I left a small gift with $3-4 each day and she stocked my bar with beer and plenty of bottled water and more towels than usual. The beds are not hard like people say and the pillows are just fine. Did not see one bug at all and the weather was perfect. I did 3 excursions and they were easy to book and there were not alot of people I guess in August so no problems getting in to the restaraunts. Everyone is so happy and relaxed and just an awesome time I had with by BF. Definately would go back and I am going to miss Jose my bartender. Oh the coffee shop is to die for and had frozen mocha carmel coffee everyday. Food on the buffet is just fine and there is always something you can find to eat. I thought the pools were enormous and plenty of shaded areas. There is plenty to do even ifyou have a family that you cant get bored.You do have to pay $10 to get into DR and I booked thru expedia and got the transfers which are well worth the money and the expedia reps are very helpful at the resort also. I dont speak any spanish and I had very little problems  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>phish330
<Content>Fantastic Vacation!!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Ocean Blue in May of 2006 for 8 days, 7 nights. He actually popped the question the first day there and we had a wonderful time as a newly engaged couple for the rest of our trip! There are so many wonderful things to say about this resort. Upon arrival in Punta Cana, we were directed to a bus to take us to our resort. The bus stops at about 10 other resorts before the Ocean Blue, and by the time you get to the resort and get all of your luggage off the bus, you have to wait in line for about an hour before you can check into your room. My suggestion is to find a taxi from the airport. Then you are arriving at the resort without 30 other couples and can check right in. If you can't get into your room yet, the hotel staff is more than happy to babysit your bags so that you can roam through the resort or sit and have a drink at one of the bars. You are immediately given a wristband upon arrival, so everything that is all inclusive is yours for the taking from the moment you arrive. The rooms are nothing spectacular, but I'm not sure why you would want to spend so much time in your room when you have such beautiful grounds to spend your time on. There are two gigantic pools. When we were there, only one of the pool bars was open so we steered clear of that pool most of the trip. (The water was a little cloudy from those folks who never got out of the pool and drank about 30 drinks all day!! LOL!) Anyhow, the other pool was extremely clean and empty all week, so when we weren't on the beach, we were in that pool. Speaking of the beach, it was amazing!!! We even got some good snorkeling in right on the Ocean Blue property. The only bad thing about that is the fact that you only get snorkeling gear for 60 minutes a day under the all inclusive plan. Then you have to pay for it. So...if you like to snorkel (as my fiance did!) spend $10 before you leave home and pick up some goggles and a snorkel tube. It's totally worth it! Also, just to the left of the resort along the beach, there is a small shopping district, with everything from artwork to jewelry, to sunglasses. Take some time to browse this area...but don't let the shop owners push you around. They REALLY want you to buy stuff from them! LOL! As for the food, I found it to be excellent. We ate at one of the pay extra restaurants where you can feast right on the beach....and it was totally not worth the $75 that we spent for lobster that was sort of a grayish color! Maybe that's what their lobster looks like down there, but either way, it was no good!! Save your money and eat at the all-inclusive restaurants. They have a huge selection and the food is excellent!! The buffet restaurants were both big hits for us. The one on the beach is great for lunch, and is transformed into a fantastically romantic restaurant for dinner. The buffets are such a great idea because you can always find something for everyone. Breakfast at the buffets was amazing!! Also...there is a little coffee shop in the main courtyard that is to die for!! I'm a chai tea drinker and was very surprised to find that they carried that there. They also have frozen coffee drinks and lots of pastries. We got coffee there every morning, and every night after dinner. It was really nice! And....all inclusive!!! The entertainment was very exciting too! It's not Broadway, people...so those folks who complained about it had way too high of expectations. I found it to be very impressive, actually, and we had a lot of fun every night watching the shows. As I read in another review, the schedule of events is often wrong, but it doesn't really matter, because they are all good! There was even a magic show one night while we were there! The one thing that I found to be strange about the Ocean Blue, was how the showers sprayed water all over the bathroom floor no matter what you did to stop them. The maids do a great job of cleaning the water up, t hough. Make sure you take lots of $1 bills with you, as you will want to tip the staff that are helpful to you and the resort is always too low on currency to break larger bills for you. You figure they are not taking much cash from guests since it's all inclusive, so they don't have much to spare. Also, stop at the dollar store before you leave home and pick up some coloring books, crayons, pencils, paints, etc. and leave those as a tip for your maids in the mornings. Most of them have children and in their country, school supplies like these are very hard to come by. They really appreciate this type of a tip, as well as $$$. Tip your bartenders too, and I promise they will take GOOD care of you! They all knew us by name by the middle of the week and actually seemed to look forward to making us drinks! All in all, if you choose the Ocean Blue, you will have a great time! This is a 3rd world country, so things aren't going to be like staying at the Ritz in Bel Air, but if your expectations aren't set too high, and you aren't a whiny, spoiled brat, you will have so much fun and feel totally relaxed by the end of your trip! Let loose and have a blast!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>SinglemomRi
<Content>The Worst Resort Every year a bunch of single parents and I get together and go on a single parent vacation. We met at the Beaches Resort and decided to do this every year. This year we wanted to try the Dominican. After talking to our travel agent from Apple Vacations, she told us that this resort was better than the one we orginally picked. It was a nightmare. If your going with family let me save you the time, there is absolutely NOTHING for the kids to do there. They get 1 hour of bowling for the week, they say they have an arcade and they don't, the pool closes at 7:00 and doesn't open till 10:00 in the morning. They have the same shows all week. The kids club is more for younger kids like preschool. The older kids just play volleyball on the beach. They have ping pong and pool tables but the adults are always on it. They have 4 Restaurants that are not buffet and 2 of them you have to pay. The two free ones are ok. The rooms are a horror. Everyday something breaks down, toilets, showers, safe, etc. I also found it amuseing that they love the american dollar but not the american. Service was awful. If you have any questions I am willing to answer any for you. I can assure you that everyone we spoke to on the way back was dissapointed. Don't waste your money. Spend extra and go somewhere else. Vacation is also for the kids to enjoy. And we all know that when their bored it makes the parents vacation hell. One more thing. They only take cash!!!!!!!!! If you use a credit card for a tour they tack on another $20.00.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>carolynhotstuff
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue I'm late getting in my review, we went on our trip June 7-19th. There were 7 of us. We had 3 rooms. First I want to say I will never fly with American Airlines again. We had trouble with our connecting flight from Miami to Punta Cana. We spent one and a half hours waiting to see if our flight would be canceled. One of the bathrooms was not working, so they said. The staff at American was rude, didn't want to answer questions and didn't make any announcements over the loud speaker. Once the bathroom was fixed we still waited, they finally admitted one of the stewardess called in sick and they were waiting for a replacement. My 7 year old was crying because he thought our flight would get canceled. We finally made it to Punta Cana a couple of hours late. At the airport we posed for pictures and picked up our bags and went to our hotel. Check in was quick then the time share lady was all over me.Two of our rooms were full of mold. I shared a room with my son and my 30 year old nephew. All 3 of us have asthma and mold was all over the walls and even the art work on the walls. The dresser also smelled of mold. I don't care what anyone tells you. They're lying if they say this is normal because it's a hot Country near the water. I've been to Jamaica 10 times and to Mexico 6 times. There is not supposed to be mold or mildew in your room, nor any kind of bugs and this includes ants. If people wanted to be surrounded by dirt and bugs on vacation they could just go camping. It's the resorts duty to spray the grounds and rooms and do what-ever they have to do to keep them clean. Anyway I sent my nephew to the front desk to ask for another room. We were told we would have to wait until the next day. My nephew talked to the manager and explained that with our asthma sleeping in that room could kill us but he was told that all the rooms were full until the next day. My friends in the other room with the mold were told the same thing. I looked around the room for a place to set out some clothes for my little one. I ended up putting a towel on the closet floor and lying out our clothes on that. The next day my friends were moved to a new room. This room also had lots of mildew. They asked for another room on the second floor. They got it, so they ended up moving 3 times. We called about our new room and was told none were available. I explained again that being in that room could kill all of us but they said there was nothing they could do and that the manager wouldn't be in until the next day. That night my nephew had a bad asthma attack but I had made him bring his deep breathing machine and after using that he felt better. The next day I was at the front desk bright and early looking for the manager. He explained that everyone wanted to be closer to the pool and beach and that all the rooms had been taken the day before moving those people. Well I guess I looked as if I was going to explode because I had to shut my eyes and count to ten before I could say another word. I told him that he moved people to be closer to the pool when three people could have died in their sleep because of their asthma. Things moved quickly then and he moved us himself to an upgraded room. It was beautiful and after that we were all determined to enjoy our stay.I loved the buildings in the square. Everything was there. At some resorts the restaurants are spread all over the place, which means lots of walking but here all of them are close together.It didn't do us much good because by the time we got to the square each night the wait was too long to get into any of the restaurants. We did get to eat at the Mexican and liked the food there. My nephew found that at Route 66 if you told them you just wanted take-out they would let one person in to order and wait for the food. He would do this most nights and take the tram back to the room with the food. He could even bring us back ice-cream this way without it melting. There is a wonderful vibe to the resort. The staff and the guests are very friendly. Most guests wave and say hello when you pass by. One of my friends and I went on the Outback Safari. We loved this as it gave us a chance to see the country side and meet the people. We really loved seeing the local kids riding their horses and donkeys and waving hello at us. The beach they take you to for boogie boarding is covered with trash which is too bad but ithas a beautiful view.I thought the pools were big and there were lots of kids for my son to swim with everyday. I didn't enjoy the beach that much. I thought it was small and sometimes it was hard to get a place in the shade. Also on the beach some of the loungers in the shade are placed 4 or 5 in a row and you'd end up lying next to strangers who might not want you being that close to them. I felt uncomfortable one day having to lay next to this one couple who clearly didn't want me there in what they hoped would be a romantic time alone. Overall we had a good time at this resort and I would go there again and tell my friends to go there. At the airport on the way home there is a new part of the airport that is air conditioned. My friends flew a different airline and their gate was in a different place and they said they had no air. So if you have a long wait for your flight look for this area. There are some shops in there also for booze and cigarettes.The trip home on American was a nightmare. Our flight was late leaving Punta Cana and late getting into Miami. Then we waited for a disabled plane to be towed from our gate and after waiting 20 minutes until it was done they decided to move us to a different gate anyway. This gate was way across the airport from immigration and customs. One of our bags was the last one off the plane so we were behind everybody and when we finally made it to our gate American said because checking our bags again would take too long we would have to miss our flight home to Detroit. The lady said they wouldn't pay for a hotel for us overnight because it was our fault that it took so long to get through immigration and customs. Again I had to close my eyes and count to ten. I asked for a supervisor and had to go downstairs and wait in a long line behind other people who had missed their flights. I know that everything that happens with these planes in documented in their computers and the supervisor looked up our flight and could see everything that happened. So they gave us a free room(dump) for the night at the airport and first class tickets for the fight home the next day but nothing for food. But it ment flying to Chicago and then on to Detroit. After we boarded the plane in Chicago we sat on the runway for an hour waiting for a thunder storm to leave Detroit. While we sat there a big storm hit the airport in Chicago. Lots of nail biting on our parts about this flight getting canceled and the pilot said he thought it would, but finally he said to hurry up and buckle up so we could take off before they changed their minds. I tried to save money by taking American instead of leaving a few days sooner on a charter flight with Apple Vacations. Usually charter is always cheaper with Apple but not this time. I could have taken the charter because it costs an arm and a leg buying airport food and I spent a lot trying to calm my son both ways with pizza and ice cream and anything else he wanted. This is why I always buy travel insurance and believe me I have put in a claim and sent them all of my receipts.Again the Ocean Blue is good value for the money, just insist that you get a decent room.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	5	4	3	

<Author>CouncilSevenHills
<Content>super fantastic I want to tell all the nay sayers your dead wrong. This resort was fantastic. My husband, daughter and a friend of hers all stayed at this resort August 10-17. My daughter and her friend were 16 and they were both extremely depressed when we had to leave. We felt very safe letting them do their own thing while we did ours. There may be some flaws but you are in heaven and don't even notice them. We went through Apple vacations so like the others, we stayed in Villa 5 which was great, in the middle of everything. There are a few items I wish I would have taken with me. Forget the lightbulbs, I think enough people have taken them that there are enough in the lamps already. This was not an issue with us. The beds are on wheels and are not secured to the bedposts so maybe take something that will keep the wheels from moving - don't know what that would be maybe a shim or something along those lines. We did take air fresheners but they really weren't necessary. We also took a small fan which was not needed - believe me the rooms are very cold. It is very muggy so you may want to take one of those dehumidifying tubs, I don't know if it will work but its worth a shot. There is one thing that nobody is telling anybody to take but because we have been at all inclusives before knew about. They cups they give you are your basic 8-12 ounce and you will be constantly going back to the bar. We take 23-24 ounce insulated cups and they fill them up just like anything else. I HIGHLY recommend taking these. We did the 'gift of the day' for the maid. I don't think this got us anything better than anyone else, nix it. We did notice that only the Americans were really tipping. Others, keep in mind these people do not make that much and they too have families to support. You will see a much better response from them if you treat them with kindness. Definitely take plenty of $1 bills, we did and people were asking us for change it is well worth it. I have to honestly tell you, we were only approached 1 time by the H10 timeshare people. I don't know where they were whenever we were going but they didn't bother us at all. Overall, we had an absolutely wonderful time and we are looking forward to going back again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>tedburzy
<Content>I'm going back! I booked through cheap carribean.com and was very satisfied.Weather was great! Skies were a magnificent blue and the beach was clean and refreshing.I have been to many places and Ocean blue was very nice.We went to a different restaurant nightly on the resort. Get there early to avoid the rush. I could have done without the Domincan and Mexican rest (just ok). The lobster dinner (2 lbs) on the beach was good, not worth the $$. Route 55 was great! Italian was very good and Mikes coffee is the perfect stop every afternoon and nigt. Coffee is terrific! Take some home, but deal with the locals in the market. I enjoy a cup every day. Try the Mommajuana, the local aphrodesiac. You can take the prepared version home, but cannot take the bottle with just the dry ingredients. They WILL confiscate at the airport. The people are fun and offer this drink of rum, honey and other ingredients freely.If you can't find something you like, your not looking.Golf was overpriced, but the cigars made up for it. Deal with the open air market outside the resort on the beach. This is the only one available on the beach, skip the town. Go to the third hut on the beach for a great deal when buying cigars. They give you oneto try, some are good some bad (personal preference).Walk daily as the beach is gorgeous. The pools are wonderful and the drinks great! The service is slow, but if this is the only problem, I can handle it.We brought light bulbs and insect repellent for those no seeums on and along the beach in the evening. My family brought some clothes and little trinkets for the maid, she was very nice. You have to write a note for the maid to accept the item(s). They appreciate it!Deal Deal Deal with the vendors. Usually 1/3 then work form there with the folks in the market.We chose to stay on the resort for the most part which was great, always things to do, but plenty of time to relax.Eat almost anytime, don't use the tap water except for bathing/showering. Use bottled water (plenty of it) for brushing and drinking. Theres always cold drinks and presidente beer in your fridge supplied by the maid.They have a casino that is fun. People did actually win!Things that I did not appreciate:Too many kids running around in the evening and tying up the pool tables and game room.Slow lines at the airport on departure (many people). Get there early.Don't forget to fill out a form when entering the US. They should supply one per family.Otherwise........I liked it so much I'm going back!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>StatePA
<Content>Great Wedding at Ocean Blue! We stayed at Ocean Blue from August 8th through the 15th. We had a wedding group of 26 people and had a great time.RESORT: The grounds are very clean and beautifully landscaped. I really liked the layout of the resort, very simple to get around and see everything. The trolly that drove people around the resort was very helpful, especially since my grandparents came with us. Be very careful walking around the villas in general. Much of it is tile flooring and is very slippery when wet.FOOD: The food was good. Honestly, there is always something good to eat at the buffet. Breakfast was the best with omelette stations, a mimosa bar, french toast, at least a dozon side selections, etc. I would highly recommend the Mexican restaurant for dinner, it was my favorite.WEDDING: The wedding was so beautiful. We had it down on beach, it was the perfect day. We went with the white chair covers (totally worth it), got the musical trio for the ceremony, I had some flowers brought in, the photographer was AMAZING, my pictures are great, reception dinner at the beach restaurant. Wedding was at 3 but didn't start till like 3:30.ATTRACTIONS: We loved the lobby bar. The bartenders were great and the atmosphere and decorations were so nice. We loved the disco and the sportsbar. Those three places were where you could find our group every night. The bowling ally was small and so HOT, no air conditioning. We went on one excursion horseback riding, quad riding, and cave jumping/swimming.All in all our party had a wonderful time. There were minor things like the rooms being ready.Biggest positive: The wedding. It was set up so beautifully.Biggest negative: Front desk service. You could ask three different people the same question and get three different answers. It is not customer friendly, even when you ask nicely.Feel free to email me if you have any questions about this resort. Brides, I know how stressful planning a destination wedding can be, just ask if you have any questions about my Ocean Blue wedding....  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	1	3	4	

<Author>dallylta2
<Content>Hola senor, Hola senora I stood at Ocean Blue from July 27 till Aug 5th. i am ready to go back. I loved the resort, restaurants, pools, the beach and the animators, the shows and my safari excursion. I hated my shopping excursion because it took half a day from my vacation, which i could of spend it drinking and tanning. So stay away from that, you are not going to save any money. If you are going to buy suveniers, just buy it from the beach vendors and argue the price with them. They will sell you the stuff really cheap. Oh yes take strong lightbulbs the room is dark. I loved my room. My friends and I were in Villa eight next to the pool. I loved the water and step aerobics and the night the animators took us to arieto disco to party. Everybody in this hotel works really hard and long hours. I met alot of people in this hotel. It is a great family resort if you are taking your children.Great resort if you are into fitness, because by the end of the week you will need to take the trolley, because the resort is huge!!I regret not bringing my sneakers to my excursions. Oh..stay away from the time share guys, unless you are planning to buy one. The giftbasket is not worth your time.Please bring everything you need medicine,pads, and snacks.The gift shop will charege you three times more of an item that you buy in walmart. trust me! Mad proops to francisco, edwin and Kathy from ocean blue. They are the best!!!Green tours is a great company. By mistake I left my luggage at the resort and I noticed it when I was in the airport and they tried all there best to get it. by the way when you arrive and get your passport stamped please look at it and make sure it's stamped the same day you arrive. They have this little scam going on..They stamped my passport a month earlier that what I arrived at the airport and they were trying to charge me fine, before I left. Thank god i had proof that I got to punta cana the 27th. Overral i loved my vacation. Trust me I will return to Ocean Blue. Ps.Please, please don't drink there water not even to wash your mouth.Trust me!!!They do have a drink called la bomba that it's good for upset stomach..bye. i hope this review help..  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>OfcrJ
<Content>***FINALLY - A NORMAL Persons Review!***       View opposite of restaurants  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Love2travel89
<Content>Stunning Resort/Wonderful People This was our first trip and we are in our late forties. I did a lot of research to try and get the best resort. I chose Ocean Blue and went to a travel agent and she confirmed I had made a good choice. We arrived at our suite August 5 and to be honest I was a little upset that our suite faced the back of the resort, not such a nice view. But I soon realized that the room was such a small part of the whole experience, we were hardly there. The resort is so beautiful, but nothing compared to the beach. We could have spent the entire time at the beach. It was so clean and well mantained compared to other resorts we walked past. No one ever bothered us, the odd employee asked if we wanted to join in certain activities and when we said no thank you they smiled and moved on. The food was sinfully good! You could eat all week at the buffet alone and never get bored. The food and pasteries always change and are excellent. Mike's coffee house, well all I can say is you have to go there to believe it. I guess to sum it all up, we never got sick, we totally relaxed and it will be the best choice you will ever make.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pookiegipi
<Content>Love this hotel, very friendly staff Hi, We just got back from Ocean Blue and had a great time from Aug. 4 to Aug 13- We booked through Apple vacation, and their reps were there waiting for us at the airport and on site all day. We booked 3 excursions through apple (snorkeling, saona and ATV's rides) It might be a little more expensive, but it really pays to go through them, as they look into every detail and you have them on site to complain if anything goes wrong! When we got there, we were assigned a room in villa 5. I asked if there was any chance to have a room with a pool view and we were re assigned to a room in villa 6, which is the Elite Villa at NO extra charge! The rooms in Villa 6 are much better than others, extra large rooms, all wood furniture, jacuzzi, marble floors and the mattress is extra thick and there are 4 pillows in each bed!!! Don't be affraid to ask....if there is any room available, they will give it to you.....specially if you put a $20 with your request!!The staff is really friendly, always happy! I don't think the language is a barrier, they try very hard to talk to everybody in english or french. They all work very hard trying to please us and they want to see us having a good time!!! But, be aware that there are lots of haitians working in this hotel, like the boys in charge of the beach towels, they are not dominican, and you can tell.... by the way they provide their services!I read lots of complains, but don't pay attention....just go! with a positive attitude, remember YOU ARE THERE TO RELAX!! it is not a 5 start hotel, but it is very cozy and the service is good, food is good, there is lots of things to do...specially if you like sports...my kids (19-16) spent all day playing volley in the beach with the entertainment team...these kids are awesome! They are very energetic and they work really hard!The only thing this place needs is to have a mini-movie theatre! There was raining one day and there was not much to do, except for coffee and bowling....but rain goes away really fast. Remember you have an umbrella in each room!! Take lots of singles, and some 5's....you will have the urge to tip the staff because they deserve it. If you book the ATV (4 wheelers) rides through apple vacation, they will take you to an abandoned hotel in the middle of no-where! I hope you'll find these 3 kids there...One of them has his left side of the face burned. They leave around the hotel I guess....they won't ask for anything...but their faces are engraved in my heart. I felt so bad for not having singles with me, or candies or something to give to them....So I ask you, please! If you are planning to go....remember these 3 kids, and bring something from the dollar store to them....you will not regret....I imagine you can bring some smiles to their faces! I had a chance to talk to them briefly and they told me their dad was killed few months ago. They are leaving in the worst conditions! If you want to know anything else about this hotel or PC, just ask me....  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>palmtree27
<Content>Ocean Blue was a wonderful Place!!! My husband and I stayed here Aug. 3-10. We are 27 and 31. We are both into good food and quality service. All I can say is that we had a fabulous time! We got the Elite Club service. It was very nice. We COULD make reservations to the restaurants, where everyone else had to go wait on line. So that was nice. Also we got a private bar in the elite club with internet service, if you wished. There was always fresh champagne there, which I took advantage of.The drinks DO have alot of alcohol in them! We like our drinks, so whoever said they didnt obviously doesnt know what they are talking about!!!The food was good, some above average, some below. But DEF. edible, The buffet was really good for a typical buffet. The menu changed. We are from NY , so we know good food, and this was above the avg. buffett. Its not a NYC steakhouse quality, but its good! Besides, you are on vacation, in a beautiful tropical country, enjoy the music, drinks, and ocean! If you want 4 star restaurants, go to NYC !What to bring/do:1 .tip the bartenders!2. get an international calling card!3. bring US dollars! (otherwise, you get Pesos from ATMS)4. bring a few nice outfits! (Men will get turned down at a couple of rest. if they have shorts)5. HAVE FUN!6. Only drink BOTTLED WATER! EVEN TO BRUSH YOUR TEETH!!It was a great time, everyone was really friendly, and we met people from all over the world!!!!Oh, and BARGAIN with the vendors on teh beach!!!The blue latimer stone can be bargained down from 150 to at leas 15-20 US dollars!!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>jazzee01
<Content>Can't fault it.       bathroom  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>juls737
<Content>Good service... Poor rooms We stayed at the Ocean Blue from 8/5/07 to 8/10/07 with another couple. When we got there we had a bit of a wait at the reception, while we were in line other people jumped in front of the line. No big deal, and certainly not the hotel's fault. However, when we were waited on, the receptionist was pre-occupied with another customer, taking us about 1 hour to actually check in. When we did get to our rooms, they were far away from each other and my husband and I ended up in a crappy room facing the condos next door with 2 full beds instead of one king size bed like we requested. The hotel did change our room to a pool view and a king size bed the next day. Although we were not close to the couple we travelled with. Overall I would say the hotel was well spread out, with really nice pools, and bars. The service was spectacular in all the bars and restaurants, the staff is really friendly, especially if you tip them well. They will certainly remember you for the remainder of your stay if you slip them a $20. The spa was nice, and services were great as well. My friend and got deep muscle massages and SOS sun treaments. The food was good for an all inclusive resort, I'm big of freshness, but didn't expect much for an all inclusive since the food has to be made in large quantities. We went to all the restaurants and enjoyed them very much. Do make reservations, you'll need them. Italian and mexican were certainly the best. I'm not big on complaning, however, I'm huge on hygine. My only major complain of this hotel is the integrity of the rooms. you only get 1 towel per person, and these towels actually hurt when you dry yourself off, very poor quality. Also, the beds and pillows were really hard, like cardboard, and the rooms had very, very little light. The furniture was old and of bad taste, and the bathroom shower/tub leaks everywhere, getting the entire bathroom wet from head to toe!!! Finally, we did come across some cockroaches in our room, which on top of the unconfortable bed made us stay up all the nights we were there. Also, we saw a rat running along the main square by the restaurants, right in front of the casino. My husband did golf and enjoyed it very much as well. The beach was nice too, and all the bars and drinks were great. Bowling was pretty cool too... I didn't see any shows nor heared of anyone that did. There's a lot to do at this hotel, and we enjoyed it very much except for the cockroaches and rats and the terrible rooms.Would I go back? No way! I have stayed at much nicer hotels, with better food and hygene and payed much less.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	1	2	5	-1	

<Author>aj214justus
<Content>Loved the Ocean Blue Our family of 4 stayed at the Ocean Blue from 8/6-8/11/07. My husband and I are 49 and our two kids are aged 24 and 22. We all had a great time at the Ocean Blue and would definitely return again. The staff could not be more friendlier. The food was ok for what is was but remember you are not home.......The American Restaurant Route 66 and Mike Coffee House were the best. If you are going to the Ocean Blue IT'S A MUST TO GO TO MIKE'S. The rooms were kept very clean and whenever we asked for water or towels they were supplied very quickly. The staff conducted activites each and every day for both adults and kids but mostly geared to kids. They also performed by the pool each and every day. The ocean was gorgeous. Our main focus was relaxation and that's exactly what we did relax. The kids loved Victor the bartender......they miss you! We met many great people there. We will return to the Dominican however, as much as we loved the Ocean Blue we would like to go somewhere else for comparison.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>vermontdave
<Content>Ocean Blue experience My girlfriend and I went down for my cousins wedding. The wedding was great however the Ocean Blue experience was not great.We had booked a king sized room. When we arrived by bus from the airport and checked in the firs thing we noticed was a heavy musty smell in the room.We stayed in the room overnight and requested a room change the next day, the staff was not very accomidating stating what do you mean the room smells? Obviously we weren't the first people to notice this as the AC intake duct had several of the coffee bags it in trying to help with the smell. The next room was in better shape. The beds were hard and lower in the middle then on the ends from so much wear. Also every morning about 9am regardless of the do not disturb sign the maid would come into the room using her pass key.The resturants we set up for high turn over and the food was fair some better then others but most was over salted and over cooked.The pools were nice except they closed at 7pm which was crazy seeing how it was in the 80's and 90's and humid every day. So a nice evening dip would have been very nice. Needless to say we wont be returning to this resort anytime soon.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	1	1	

<Author>BaltimoreFamilyof7
<Content>Perfect for our family!       Michael at the morning Buffet  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>La_Negra_Chica
<Content>"Muy Bueno" Very Nice The resort is beautiful. We had a good time, the staff was friendly, especially the bartenders. The rooms were very clean, the food was good. The Dominican resturant (La Casa) was my favorite, the Italian resturant is also good. The buffet on the beach has a nice selection. I enjoyed everything, I don't have anything to complain about. We took the day tour to Santo Domingo, it was well worth it. We got so see alot of the country and the natives. I would stay at Ocean Blue again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Lucy069
<Content>Loved It! My husband, myself and two sons, 15 and 16 stayed at the resort Aug.1 -Aug. 8. This was our first all inclusive and trip out of the country. The place was beyond beautiful. It was good for teenagers because of the bowling alley, pool tables, fooseball tables. ping pong tables, coffee shop, etc. We enjoyed the great shows each night and the beautiful open air lobby. I felt very safe letting the kids take off on their own whenever they wanted, and they swam, ate, worked out in the exercise room, whatever when ever they felt like it. Everyone was very friendly and from the time we left home until the minute we returned things went very smoothly. We went through Applevacations reserved through AAA's. In reading the complaints, I think those people didn't go through Apple and while they may have saved several hundred dollars, it sounds like in the long run no one was there to take the blame when overbooking occurred at the last minute. We booked in May and when I went back to pay the balance in June i asked the travel agent to call the hotel and see if there had been any reduction in price. There was and we saved over $400 dollars, just for asking! We took the Snorkeling Excursion, the Four wheeling excursion, and the African Safari. They were all worth their money, but don't do the four wheeling without experience. They were all booked through Apple when we arrived and had our orientation meeting. Two things I wish I had known were to bring most of my spending cash in ones and fives. We tipped a lot, even though they said we didn't' have to, and each time we asked the Hotel to change a twenty , we got 600 pesos...worth about 18 US dollars. I also purchased a AAA money card in stead of travelers checks and put $500 dollars on it. When i went to use it to pay for excursions, it was rejected. The rep said I must not have notified the card company that I was leaving the country. I then had to spend $4 on an 800 number phone call to see if I could get my Master card activated overseas. Call your credit card company from home to tell them that you want to use the card out of the country during specific dates. Also, check your medical insurance because we were not covered out of the country. Only other complain was that there was VERY little alcohol in any of the drinks. It' s a joke to say your alcoholic beverages are included because I didn't' find any alchol in any of them!!! Bring an insulated mug from home to keep your drinks cold because you can't buy any there. Also, there was a long line for the restaruants. Go at 6:30 and they will tell you what time to bring your party back to have dinner. No reservations. You can always stick to the buffet.Had a great time!!! Go Apple Vacations!!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>cahsay2
<Content>Don't bother!!! We arrived at Ocean Blue at 4 am after a canceled flight and a 3 hour drive from Santa Domingo and after making us wait an hour they told us there was no room for us!! Too tired to argue (4 in the morning) we were taken to Grand Bahia, the most BEAUTIFUL resort you could imagine...When we were on our airport we stopped Ocean Blue to pick up people, when we asked them about their stay they we less than pleased and when we asked them if they would go back, they were quick to say NO!!!..  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>RodVa
<Content>Great place and friendly staff! We stayed at the Ocean Blue 31 Jul - 1 Aug and it was the best vacation we have ever had. The staff was friendly and they were all great with the children. I was amazed that some of the staff remembered my name throughout our stay. These guys work hard, (12-15 hour days, 7-10 days) but were always in a good mood. Thanks Benjamin!! They appreciate the tips, but don't tip just to tip. I only did for above and beyond service and large drink orders. Check in was quick and easy. I would recommend arriving early to mid week if possible. I did notice alot of people checking in Fridays and Saturdays which would explain some complaints about check in times. The food was great, other than Route 66, but I am American so that would explain that. The rooms were not small and they were cleaned every day. Never waited more than a few minutes for a drink and only when the bartenders were extremely busy. There were some rude guests, but you get that everywhere. We did the Rancho ATV tour and the Tropical Storm boat cruise. These were great and can be booked at the towel cabana. You will not be disappointed. Beach markets were ok, but they will rip you off if you let them. I offered half of what the asking price is. Also, spend the $8 USD to take a cab (5-10 minute ride) into Bavaro to check out those markets. Lot more selection and cheaper prices. Don't be afraid the town is fine and just like anywhere else, if it doesn't look safe then stay away.Pools were huge and never seemed crowded, well except by the bar but only during the activities sessions. Do yourself a favor and get involved with the activities. Winners get a prize which is presented at the nightly show. The kids club was great according to my daughter. I did see here during the kid club time and she appeared to be having a great time. She did like making friends with kids from other countries.This place is great and I would recommend and visit again. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SoyTica
<Content>Best Time Ever....I Recommend This Resort to Everyone I was at the Ocean Blue Golf  Beach Resort from July 26th toAugust 3, 2007. We were celebrating my nieces graduation from Harvard. There was about 220 of us children, young and old all ages, and not a one had a bad thing to say about this resort. The food was just marvelous, delicious. Casa la Abuela took a little longer to get in but all good things are not easy, so if you are in a hurry well go to the buffett that is just perfect, for breakfast fresh fruit, crepes, every day we had something different to eat. The mexican restaurant was different than the mexican food here but you are not in mexico you are in Republica Dominica eat Dominican food, drink dominican rum, and dance merengue. I will be coming back to this resort again next year with co-workers. The service was wonderfull the dominican men are so kind, respectfull, always ready to serve us, and assist us in anyway possible. The beaches are gorgeous the restaurant on the beach the food is great pollo asado, rice, habichuelas, pizza, hamburgers, the best chicken soup, you can eat inside the restaurant or on the balcony by the beach, or you can take a plate to go and eat on the beach, if you stay here and you did not like it well you need to stay home, because you just do not know what good people are, good food, music. The casino is great we were all winners, and some came up 1500.00 winners. I recommend Mike's coffee shop best coffee and papaya pie ever. This place is beyond great. See you next year Ocean Blue Golf  Beach Resort.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ivybeth
<Content>Typical beautiful all-inclusive My hubby and I went without our kids for a week. We went thru Apple Vacations. THe airline USA 3000 was great. THe transfers both ways were great. Our arrival was great. We were booked in the Elite Club. Our room was overlooking both beach and pool. The room was clean and yes dimly lit. You can bring two light bulbs or request. The room was nice, with turn down service and fresh fruit daily(personally requested). Our room was not cleaned until at least 3 every day which was okay but odd. Everyone was extremely polite both at pool, restaurants, etc. The pools were nice...one loud and one calmer but next to each other. We did not tip the bartenders and they were still nice. We didn't go to the shows or disco. The lobby live music in the open air was very nice with a bar. The casino was almost silly with about a dozen slot machines and about 5 tables. It was never crowded. The only complaint which is not so much of complaint is that I would rate the food a C. We had the seafood on the beach included with the Elite Club. I would have been pretty upset if I paid $35 a head for overcooked lobster. I like seafood if I am on vacation and could not really get any except the occasional mussel fromthe buffet. The Italian restaurant was awful and we had to wait more than an hour. If you are going for the food, don't go to this resort. If you are going to relax... this is a great place. Kids all seem to be having fun too. The side trips.... We went on a trip that included riding our own two person motor boat and then snorkeling. GREAT! We also went horseback riding which was HORRIBLE. The trails are very rocky, the horses looked underfed at best, and the ride to the actual horseback riding place was long. Don't do this. \The beach is clean and the water was beautiful and clear. There were plenty of chairs everywhere no matter what time. I would not go back only because I want to try new places, but it was nice. Oh...one more thing. I get massages whenever I am on vacation. I paid for an hour massage and my hubby got a free 1/2 hr one with elite club. His was about 20 minutes and mine was about 40.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lilgb3
<Content>Loved the Night Show and Restaurants First off we arrived there on Aug.1, 2007 I was welcomed by a gogo rep. who drove me to Ocean Blue on check in the bell boy took my bags and directed me to the lobby. I met domingo who was so kind and understanding who directed me to my villa #7 which you could either choose to walk or ride on the little train. The rooms are spotless the housekeeping all are so friendly so it is advised to leave them a tip they leave extra clean towels and make wonderful designs on your bed (word of advise) the bathroom is great with marble tile that warms up to the touch very big bath tube. the balacony is ok did not sit out there too much the creatures were just too big! but there are a varitey of restaurants to go to from buffet style, itallian, mexican, and seafood the food is good not too bad but the most enjoyable is the night shows that they have everyday and also the entertainment by the pool with de jesus and his aerobics. Over all this is great place to go if you have been and you didn't have fun it is because you dont know how too  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>diamondgirl7602
<Content>Singing the Ocean "Blues" First and foremost: DON'T BOOK HERE in the summer if you actually want to stay here! My group of six booked here in December for a July stay and when we arrived at the Punta Cana airport we received a not-so-warm welcome. Jonathan, a Guest Services Rep. from the Ocean Blue, greeted us in a cordial manner and led us to our taxi, only to tell us that he had a deal for us. Mind you, we just landed from a six hour flight in a foreign country and were exhausted and ready to recouperate at the Ocean Blue. Yet, Jonathan in a rude fashion, proceeds to tell us that they over-booked the hotel and that we were instead heading to the Gran Bahia Principe **(much nicer hotel, might I add)**. He said we were to go there for three nights and then come BACK to the Ocean Blue later because there were too many children at the hotel. First of all, the children bit was a total crock! Second of all, he was so rude and demanding that he barely even let us speak to him or question him as to why this change was being made. Then, we saw that he had a list of about 20 other people that he was planning to harass and verbally assault at the airport as well, so he sent us off to the Gran Bahia in a taxi with a stranger in a strange land. Since I speak Spanish I directed the taxi to take us to the Ocean Blue, since we wanted to speak to someone with some authority, and he instead only directed me back to the RUDE Jonathan on the cell phone and ended up driving us to the Gran Bahia anyway. Then, in mid-week Jonathan appears saying he has a refund for one night's accomodations and that we are to report to the Ocean Blue the next day. Needless to say, we NEVER went to the Ocean Blue because we were extremely satisfied with the service and overall experience we received at the Gran Bahia Principe. So, unwillingly the Ocean Blue created life-long customers for their rival hotel, due to their inabilty to service clients and their out-right unprofessionalism. I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone if this is the way that they treat their guests! Pay the extra money and go to a hotel where you are treated like royalty, or if you like to be herded like cattle then have a great stay at the Ocean Blue....although, keep in mind you may never actually make it there! Go Gran Bahia instead!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>BYfromAZ
<Content>Ocean Blue Resort Just got back from a week at The Ocean Blue Resort.There was 13 of us ranging for 9 to 80 years old. Any one that gives this place a bad review doesn't know how to have a great time anywhere. The food was great, make your reservations early for the nicer places to eat. The service was great but only for the people tipping. If you feel you don't have to tip the servers will pass you by for those who are. If you want to any of the extras that are not included at the hotel, go to the end of the beach to the left and ask for George, he will get you any from a fishing boat to Quads at half the price you will pay at the Hotel travel companies The only problem I had with the hotel was my safe ,but the sevice was excellent getting it fixed. I'll back be to this place for the money it's one of the most beatiful places (beach  water) I been to.Brian from Arizona  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fasteddieNy
<Content>Can't wait to go back! Stayed at the OB July 23rd til the 27th! Heres the deal if your an uptight person don't go! If you are a go with the flow person and were raised properly then go! I see some reviews on here and now I can honestly say they are full of [--]. There is a slight language issue but a $5 tip seems to clean that up right away! The best eating was at the buffet morning noon and night! Food was always fresh and tasty! If you have trouble speaking spanish give a $5 tip before you sit down and you will never run out of drinks trust me! If you plan on doing any excursions go down to the beach and see Mr. Johnson for water and shaqira for land. This was cheaper then going through the apple rep.Have a couple drinks go on the bannana boat! $7 a person 15 minutes! Do the 2hr snorkeling GREAT pictures! Quad exp was Awesome! but takes uo the entire day so do this early into your trip! and if you do go on it please be sure to bring at least fourty $5 bills you will see at the abonden hotel these 4 adorable kids give em $5 each it won't kill ya! Deep Sea Fishing was catching like crazy! I went with my wife and three sons 12,15 and 17 all had a ball!The rooms were perfect I stayed in Villa 5 which is right by the pools and beach! I'm going next year for 2 weeks without a doubt! Puerto Rico is only 80 miles away! AWESOME time. Go and enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>LizaM2222
<Content>Great time at Ocean Blue I went to Punta Cana from July 16 through the 20th and stayed at Ocean Blue. At first, the service at the front desk was a little rocky but the hotel staff, the cleanliness of the rooms, the food, the activities made it all the better. Here is some advice.1. There are 7 restaurants that are included in your all inclusive package. 5 of those restaurants requires you to be placed on a list (if the restaurants are not busy you can just walk in). The waiting list can be up to 2 hours before you get called in. So make sure you get to the restaurants early and get your names put on the list. 2. If you like coffee or especially frapucchino's, visit Mike's Coffee Shop. It is great.3. The buffett is great, you can opt to eat there every night because they have a different theme for dinners every night and the meals vary.4. Do not go to La Casa De Mi Abuela, which is an authentic Dominican cuisine restaurant at the hotel and one of the all inclusive restaurants. It took us 45 minutes to get in, another 45 to get our appetizers and another hour to get our cold meal. The service was horrible, the food was cold and served in very small portions. NOT WORTH IT!5. Take a Jeep Safari tour it's well worth it and you get to see the beautiful country side of Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>sprockmidlands
<Content>Loved this place We were a family of 4 which included 2x adlults one 1 year old and one 5 year old, we travelled with friends who had the 3x children. Well to start the holiday off the flight was not much cop, we flew with My Travel and we found the crew very miserable, not much leg room on this plane and it was boiling hot for 9 hours, also we had prepaid for seats all together beforehand and we were split up on the way their and the way back!CheckinWe took a private taxi to the resort so cannot comment on the transfer time but it took 1/2 hr in taxi, the entrance and recepition is gorgeous checked straight in gave bellboys the cases, were given keys and towel cards with a map of the resort and made our way to the room.RoomsFantastic rooms we were in villa 8 which was in the middle of the resort about 5 minutes walk to reception and resturants and five minute walk to pool and beach, the rooms were very clean fridge was stocked although had to keep asking for beer and coffee the more you tipped the more you got. Rooms are quite dark i took my own light bulbs but i took bayonet and you need screw cap (this would have made a big difference), rooms were cleaned every day to a very high standard.The resort is very very clean could not fault this at all you always saw someone cleaning, the pools were clean and fantastic and swim up bars were fab to, the blue pool was the quieter one and the yellow was a bit more rowdier. Always got a bed no matter what time of day it was, There are alot of resturants but having small children we stuck to the buffet and American Diner, the Diner was fab typical chicken chips, icecreams etc, the buffet was different every night always had a theme but the food was quite repetitive, once a week they have buffet on beach which made a change, my husband ate everything from stirfrys to crayfish and did not get sick at all, my daughter ended up in medical centre from vomiting, i had upset stomach for 2 days and my friend ended up in bed for 2 days with sickness and diorreha, we were told it was from fruit and vegetables, but who knows quite a few people were getting sick. The docotr was fantastic and spoke very good english.The weather was lovely although out of two weeks had 4 rainy overcast days.We never got bothered by timeshare people once, the staff were lovely and adored the children, one thing i will say is if you speak spanish you have more chance of getting served in the bars.The entertainment was ok, when you had seen one show you had seen them all really, we spent most of our time in the lobby bar just chilling out playing cards etc, but listening to a saxaphonist for 14 nights does get a bit boring, they really need to widen there evening entertainment. If you have children beware a bag of ten nappies costs 拢8.00 and pack of wipes 拢5.00 a box of tampax 拢7.00 the shop is very expensive. Overall this was a lovely hotel but i do not think i would go here again until the children are older not much variety of food for children just pizza or chips. (Oh and you can drink the ice here it is brought in in bags)Any questions email me at nicky.cole26@btinternet.com  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>VIPalltheway
<Content>Would definitely book this place again, no doubt about it.       egg toss competition  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>deb4873
<Content>Don't Go As a travel agent I would not recommend this resort. Just to sum it up....the food was ok, pools were great, hotel staff did not care when room was flooded, took several hours to get us moved apple vacations rep were ok but really no help. If you want an ultimate all inclusive vacation in the Dominican go to the Majestic Colonial.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	3	1	4	1	-1	

<Author>SanJoseJulz
<Content>Book and enjoy your stay!! After a grueling 14 hour trip from San Jose, California, we arrived at Ocean Blue on July 12, 2007. We stayed at villa 9217 which was a double bed, jr suite. The villa faced the swimming pool. (excellent location) The room was spacious with jet tub,double marble counter tops. There was a slight musty smell but we were prepared and brought candles which cleared it up. The beach was very close by and was absolutely warm ad beautiful. There were a bountiful of lounge chairs so no need to wake up early and reserve them with your towel. The shops at the beach were comparable to the ones at Bravaro Plaza so no need to venture off the resort for deals for souviners. The gift shop was also reasonable.Restaurant reviews: The buffet was fine for a quick meal there was plenty to choose for lunch or dinner. It was a little above average. Didn't really care for the Dominican Republic restaurant found it a bit under seasoned. Mexican was good. Went to dinner about 9:30 p.m to avoid the lines. What I did enjoy was Bucanero's on the beach where we paid $35.00 pp for grilled lobster, shrimp, appetizers, drinks and dessert. Definately worth it!The staff at Ocean Blue were very accomadating.. Service with a smile most of the times =). You may want to invest in a Spanish translator book they appreciate when you try to speak in Spanish.The Wave disco only played Salsa music. Wish they would have had a mixture...Overall, Ocean Blue is a very beautiful resort and definately worth going to..Booked 2 excursions.. One was Jurrasic Park Jungle tour which was an all day event. It included horseback riding, visiting a Dominican Republic family home, cock-fighting, a school, church, lunch, cigar making shop, souviner shopping..The other excursion was snorkling with Manarays and sharks! Very exhilerating!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>VeeNj
<Content>Loved It       Dancing on the catamaran  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Adam18
<Content>Excellent Holiday Brilliant hotel, beautiful beach, gorgeous weather, great food!I loved this hotel. It is suitable for families, a group of friends, old and young people alike.Waiters were very nice and friendly however the buffet restaurant was a little understaffed at dinner time and so it could take a few minutes to get a drink.Service in the morning was excellent with refills of coffe and drinks offered frequently.Wide variety of food, there's something for everyone.The beach was spectacular- white sand and warm turquoise water with no beach hagglers (hagglers have huts down the beach and are not allowed to bother customers unless they walk by the huts).The rooms-nice sized jacuzzi and mini bar was refilled everyday for free. Plenty of towels and good sized beds. Pillows were smelly however because of the condensation......aside from that the rooms were perfect.Would definitely recommend this hotel to families and groups of friends.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>traveltripper
<Content>Just Awful, Don't Go!!!!!!!!!! We stayed at OB for three days, from May 19-May 22, 2007. We were so disappointed in the lack of professionalism and service and we ran from the resort after experiencing an assault by a timeshare salesman and utterly rude staff. We moved to Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana, and have given some comparisons of the two hotels.We checked in at OB on May 19, 2007. The entire lobby was destroyed and under construction. A manager greeted us and led us through a maze of debris, where we were finally able to reach the front desk. We were given towel cards, our room assignment and were quickly directed to our room. Our luggage appeared promptly by a bellboy. On the face the hotel was ok, but we are giving this resort 1 star (we鈥檇 give it 0 if we could) due to the outrageous behavior we received from staff, management and timeshare people.ROOM: The room was of standard value and acceptable. It was weird how the lights were situated, a little bit dull, but no big deal. The sheets barely covered the mattress which appeared to be quite dirty. The bathroom was fine, nothing special.GROUNDS: We toured the grounds, pool and beach and found them to be satisfactory.STAFF: The staff was so-so, but tended to be rude and unhelpful. While we are both U.S. citizens, we are both fluent in Spanish, and took the opportunity to speak with many of the staff. They voiced an unhappiness as employees of OB and their behavior reflected their discontent.FOOD: The buffets were ok. We expected the bland type of food you get at the all-inclusives. In comparison to Gran Bahia, the food at OB was low level. It was not nearly as fresh as Gran Bahia鈥檚, not nearly as many options, and the people serving you were less than happy. I had one staff member grab the spoon out of my hand and slam it down on the counter. She looked really mad. Weird.RESTAURANTS: What a joke. The big push with Ocean Blue is that you don鈥檛 have to make reservations to eat at their ala carte restaurants. Well, you鈥檒l never get a seat at one so that kind of takes away from any pro over other hotels. We tried to vary our times, early, mid-dinner, late, didn鈥檛 matter. They actually need reservations there, it was total chaos. We ate at one restaurant 鈥?the Mexican one, and it was just awful. I had a dinner made up of chips and salsa. After eating the food there, there was no way we were going to waste money on the pay lobster or steakhouse restaurant. We asked one lady in the Italian restaurant if we could be put on the list, and she yelled that we would not be able to eat there that night.TIMESHARE PEOPLE: This is what made us up and leave, almost immediately. We could have lived with the other stuff, but this was way beyond normal. Timeshare men were stationed directly outside of the main buffet dining room, the only place we could get breakfast. They waited like vultures and attacked guests entering or exiting. They also were not limited to the buffet restaurant, but had FREE REIGN of the entire hotel including the pool area. The hotel staff was oblivious to us and other visibly annoyed guests as they went about their regular duties. We had one specific timeshare salesman bother us all three days we were there. But on the 2nd day, he accosted us at our breakfast table. When we left, he followed us throughout hotel grounds, and his behavior was very aggressive. He blocked our path, at which time we both tried to move around him. He continued to stand in our way and yelled at us, demanding to know why we were not interested. We repeated the same phrase, that we were not interested. The man then man grabbed my arm. I yanked it free, and he flipped my hat off of my head. I saw him do this same move to an elderly man.We realized that the situation was becoming potentially volatile, and we started for our villa. The man pursued, and finally we entered a nearby bar in order to escape and not let the man know which villa we in. We talked to the bartender about the situation, asking for management, to which the bartender replied: 鈥淪orry, no manager.鈥?When we left the bar, we spotted the man waiting for us, from a distance, but close enough to see where we were going. When we got to our villa, the salesman waited outside the entrance; glaring and yelling.The encounter made us very uncomfortable and in fear of our personal safety. We went to the front desk and asked for a manager. We explained the assault. He shrugged and said there was nothing he could do. At that point, we made the decision to leave the resort so that we could salvage what was left of our vacation.PAYPHONES: From our room, we called the front desk and asked about payphones. The front desk person told us that no payphones existed in the hotel, only lobby phones. We asked about pay phones in the nearby shopping area, Plaza Bavaro, and were told that no pay phones existed there either. The front desk person we spoke with in the lobby told us that no matter which phone we used, either in the lobby or the room, we would be charged a fee of $2.71 per minute for connection charges, whether dialing a toll free telephone number or not.We ignored the front desk and hired a cab to get to Plaza Bavaro, where we discovered that there were plenty of payphones available. The land lines there are totally unreliable and we couldn鈥檛 get through at all.As a last ditch attempt, we emailed the rep. we had booked thru at Cheap Caribbean, but she was out of the office. We also emailed the main email address we had on hand and we got a quick email back from another rep. We had completely forgot about the local rep. at Ocean Blue. So we went back to the hotel and made contact with the rep. at the hotel. He helped out a lot and gave us his cell phone 鈥?our call lasted over 45 minutes. A rep. promised to call us back in our room with options. She kept her promise, called us and gave us hotel options. We went with Gran Bahia because we knew the name and the chain has a good reputation.We had to pay $250 for a change fee and early check out fee, of which we have just sent a letter to Cheap Caribbean asking for a refund. Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana was a hotel far above the class and service level of Ocean Blue. The front desk and staff at Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana went far beyond our expectations, and was a world apart from Ocean Blue. Once we moved to Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana, we were able to begin our wonderful holiday which lasted all but 7 days.POSITIVES: The dive crew there were awesome! They were so nice. We were going to dive with them, but left the resort before we had a chance. There was a lady from Venezuela I believe she said, who took really good pictures of us on the beach. The maids who cleaned our room were very nice, in fact, it was one maid who told us that yes, there were payphones at Plaza Bavaro. She told us the front desk lied to us. This is really the only positives I can come up with. The negatives far outweighed the positives.OB is a low-level, low class resort. I do NOT recommend it for anyone. Any questions? Email me, just click on my name and send an email. I鈥檒l answer as honestly as I can.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>serenitygrace
<Content>No worries staying at the Ocean Blue Ok, first off a lot of the negative reviews on here, had me a little wary, of this place. I'd like to tell everyone that there is no need to be. My husband and I had a fantastic 1st wedding anniversary at the Ocean Blue. We stayed Friday July 6th thru the 13th. We arrived to the hotel at about 1pm, (the lobby was beautiful, there was no construction) we were given the signature Ocean Blue drink, and were pleased to find that our room was ready. There was a bell staffman who took us and our luggage to our room via a golf cart. We were in Villa 5 1st floor, directly across from the pools. The room was large, and cool, it did not smell. We liked our room except that the beds werent all that comfortable, we were in paradise so it didnt matter that much. We always had hot water, no matter what time of day we showered. The two pools were great and the beach was absolutely beautiful. We did 2 excursions which I both highly reccomend, the Marinarium (snorkeling and swimming with nurse sharks) and Altos de Chavon (sightseeing/shopping/riverboat lunch cruise/exploring The Caves of Wonder). Anyway back to the hotel....If you booked with Apple, I strongly reccomend going to the orientation, it was very informative. My husband went golfing off the resort twice, the rep didnt reccomend Ocean Blue's course, it still only has 9 holes, and it looks rough. About once a week they have souvenier vendors come in for an evening, they set up to the right of the lobby, they can be very pushy, they will take you by the arm and lead you to their tables, and try to put jewelry on you, and then name ridiculous prices for them, of which you are susposed to barter. Some people like doing that sort of thing, not us, we beat a hasty retreat. The beach vendors are a little more tame, they'll invite you in, but accept a no when you say it. But even they can be a little overwhelming, when I wanted to go back for something our last night, I just walked along the water until I got to the particular shack I wanted to go up to.We never ran into any timeshare people, never had a problem with any staff, everyone spoke English, even if only a little. I wrote our housekeeper a note in Spanish one day and she wrote me back in English. Like many have said before, a smile goes a long way, as does a please, and a thank you. I never waited for a drink, especially in the restaurants, if my drink got to be about halfway gone, there someone was with another. We took advantage of our free game of bowling, they also had pool tables and foosball upstairs. We checked out the casino, pretty tiny, but it looked like a hot spot most nights. Our favorite night time activity was relaxing at the lobby bar, (great staff) and listening to the sax player there. This is a great place for families as there is so much to do during the day.My husband was quite adventurous food wise, and I not so much, neither one of us ever had a problem stomach wise. We tried all but 2 of the restaurants, and had great meals every time. Try the fries at the lunch beach buffet. We paid to have the lobster dinner on the beach for anniversary, it was very nice. Our favorite though was the Carribean grill, (great, great, food and top notch service.)Yes there were alot of cups around by the end of the day, but that is due to the pure ignorance and laziness of other guests, that found it too impossible to walk 3 feet to a garbage can to dispose of their trash. Thats not really the staffs fault, they are employees, not slaves. To us there was always an abundance of staff, always cleaning, straightening, pruning, keeping the place as immaculate as possible.Even though it says the pools close at 7, no one really kicks you out, they just start closing down the umbrellas, straightening the chairs, and picking up any litter. (They clean the pools in the morning before it opens.) There is soooo much to do on the beach such as volleyball, rockclimbing, kayaking, learning to scuba, taking a cataraman out, watersking....We had a great, great time, Beautiful, beatiful beach, I was sorry we had to leave. Other than that Id just like to say people can and will find anything they can to complain about, if you want things exactly as they are in your homeplace, then you might be better off staying there. I choose not to nitpik esspecially on vacation, I choose to sit back, relax, and enjoy every minute of it.Feel free to ask me any questions. I just want everyone to know that you can and will have a great time at this resort.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frankie31
<Content>Would not recommend We just came back 7/14 from Ocean Blue with our kids and another family of 5. There are some nice things about the resort-the staff are very friendly and try hard to speak English and always have a smile. The pools and beach are well maintained and mostly clean, but the pool was so hot, I went in once and couldn't stand it. The hottub is really a cold tub....it's the only place to cool off beside the ocean. We did not see any golf at this resort, although I've read other reviews that says there is. The food is NOT GOOD. I realize my standards may be a bit high and I cook a lot at home, but I was very disappointed. My husband and kids were more tolerant, but really, who eats unsalted bacon (at the b'fast buffet)?? The buffet gets really boring after a few days, and there's so much food that's not identifiable, or that looks good, but tastes NOT!The restaurants are unpredictable. Route 66 is BAD. Italian is the best...great appetizer bar, great staff, always filling your glass w/ wine...even champagne one nite (our 3rd time there!), but entrees mediocre. Mexican was decent, but the slowest service. One nite we waited 2 hrs for a table. Didn't try the Carribean themed restaurant as nothing seemed kid-friendly, but menu looked interesting.Rooms smelled very very musty and lighting is very dim. I had read this, but forgot to bring the extra bulb---bring the extra bulb!Bring tons of sunscreen....we went through 1 full can of spray every day. Shade at the beach is limited and there is no full shade at the beach.Would not go back to this resort, sorry to say.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>anne_lowe
<Content>Loved it!! My husband visited Ocean Blue in January this year for our honeymoon. We thought it was excellent, the surroundings were idyllic and romantic, the bars were fabulous and the staff were incredible. The only downsides food wise were that the restaurants that you had to book were a little disappointing apart from Route 66 which was good fun for what it was (burger and chips joint). The buffet restaurant was excellent and they had a vast choice of food which was great. You do get harrassed every morning when going for breakfast by the time share people, they lie in wait at the doors of the restaurant and hassle you into taking a tour around the complex, that was really annoying and we ended up leaving breakfast completely and going for a snack at the beach restaurant instead.I used the gym daily whilst I was there (critical for not putting on too many pounds) and felt it was a little bit basic but sufficed.The room was really spacious and clean and it was the little touches like the flowers on the bed and the fruit basket that we loved.There were events every day to take part in and the Hola Senor song got under our skin (we bought the cd - how sad!) and there was a good evening entertainment schedule that I imagine would be good for kids, to be honest hubby and I got a bit bored by the end of the2 weeks as there wasn't that much to do in the evenings but it was nice to relax.The bars round the pools were really busy and we found that a lot of people just sat around all day boozing, which is fine but not what we wanted, the American's could get abit leery and loud but you could get the quieter places if they got on your nerves.All in all, I'd say it was a great holiday, very centered towards the American's so us Brit's felt abit out of it but it was fab all the same.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jjgodwin07
<Content>Nothing Short of Wonderful       Our wedding down at the beach  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TonyaPhila_PA
<Content>Nice Time The Ocean Blue Golf  Beach Resort is a lovely place. We had a good time, but five days is enough. My husband and I are active people and we found the pool and beach lose their charm by the third day. Take the bicycle tour, we enjoyed it thoroughly. Archery was fun, but the arrows have seen better days. The rock wall is also fun and there was never a line.The rooms are spacious and clean. The buffet was quite impressive. We also enjoyed the restauarants. It was fun to get dressed up each night and experience a different place. I really liked the atmosphere of the Dominican restaurant and my husband enjoyed the Mexican one. Minus the people who stop and sing at your table; the Italian one gets a thumbs up.My only complaint would be calls from the front desk. One day they called to tell us our taxi was early and they evidently called the wrong room, but my lack of Spanish and his lack of English made us late for our taxi that was on time. Then it happened again the day we were leaving, but this time it was the correct room and long story short we sat in the lobby for an hour awaiting our shuttle to the airport. I think the plan is to fill to capacity every shuttle that goes to the airport therefore they move people around at the last minute. If your travel agent reccommends Baldwin Cigar Factory - decline. The cigar they give you to try isn't the cigar they sell you. My husband was very dissappointed. However he highly reccomends Don Lucas. I found the guide at Don Lucas to be more knowledgeable about cigar making also.All in all we had a nice time, but I wouldn't return and have yet to tell anyone at home that they must go.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>NJFLIPFLOP
<Content>Understaffed Unhappy Employees/English Barrier-Confusion ISLAND-FEVER / STEWARTSVILLE,NEWJERSEYWe took our 2 teenage children on there first trip out of the US to this resort June 19 - 27th 2007. Here is a rundown of our experience:Our major complaint having traveled to several resorts  islands- was at this resort the service was poor due to being understaffed. While we were waiting at any of the bars for a drink or water, most bartenders couldn't keep track of who was next due to really not having enough employees. Although, I did notice that Spanish speaking individuals did get waited on first and right away. My husband  I really felt that because we were American and didn't speak their language that we took a back seat  were always last  overlooked  possibly not their favorite visitors which I felt was very odd. We tipped well to those who deserved it!*I have to mention Carlos - the Supervisor at the front desk. He really was the only employee who really went above  beyond to make everyone happy. Thanks Carlos! There should be more employees like you!Their employees looked very stressed  overworked  not happy. The only employees that appeared to be happy  friendly were those that ran the activities daily. It really was nice to see that some employees appeared to be enjoying entertaining the vacationers. After all, we paid allot of money to enjoy our stay/vacation. The owner  management should really evaluate the volume of people visiting the resort versus the number of employees  responsibilities. (My husband  I stayed at the Paradisus last year  our stay was excellent. Their staff really went all out to make sure everyone was well taken care of  enjoyed their stay. We felt that we should have taken our kids there instead.) Afterall, vacation is supposed to be fun  a happy atmosphere.Food was OK. Phillips 66 was good but most places were of too long of waits so we just ate at the buffet allot. Now as for the Rooms  Resort - very clean rooms/ but no service with stocked refridgerator as stated online. Don't stay 1st floor - moldy musty smell probably from the pools. Nice/clean large pools  Excellent beach. We did enjoy the beach. Entertainment was good  comicle. Those emp. worked hard also. I suggest that you book thru Apple Vac. it appeared that they were treated special. We didn't even get the Ocean Blue side that we booked  we booked it 5 mos. prior.  never rec'd the blue cold drink upon arrival or the wet cloth! No special treatment here. We will not return to this resort.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Robinspain
<Content>Bit Dissapointing Spent the last week of June at Ocean Blue. This was our 4th trip to an All Inc, always different hotels. This was the most expensive one to date, we felt that the O:Blue would be a bit more exclusive as it looked smaller and had a golf course which i wanted to use. The hotel in reality was not any smaller than the others and while the hotel , staff etc were all very helpful, friendly this you will find at every hotel in punta cana. 1/the bathroom in the room was terrible, taps virtually hanging off the walls, grouting that a 3year old could have done, and pencil lines still on the walls from when the tiles were laid originally.2/ not enough shade throughout the resort, especially on the beach where there was very little shade, even less when the idots who leave their towels on the suneds at 7am so noone else can get them (You all know who you are.....)3/ watch out at breakfast for the H10 Premium guys, This is basically Timeshare and we were collered, promised a free spa and then got nothing after i got very annoyed with the women trying to sell to us..If the package was soo good why do they have to try and disguise it as something else.The golf was pretty poor especially if you are a low handicapper.Only 9 holes open and the greens were pretty bad.The photo offer is great, when they say you only need to take a MIn of 10 pictures at 8 dollars each, sounds a great deal. They then take 150 pictures which you have to try and decide which ones to buy and you will inevitably end up spending lots more than you intended. You will enjoy ure stay here, its a nice place but we have certainly been to better resorts within 1km and would not choose this resort again..Thks  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>claire2007Chicago
<Content>Nice Resort We travelled in June and the weather was beautiful every day. The beach and pools are beautiful and the chairs are plentiful. Although there was not enough shade. The rooms were large and clean and nicely furnished, but not luxurious. My biggest complaint was the H10 timeshare people. AVOID them. They approach unsuspecting newcomers in the dining room on the way to breakfast. They misled us about the amount of time the presentation would take and about the gifts they would give us for our time. They told us that the presentation would only take 45 minutes, but it took more than 2 hours. These are not outsiders trying to sell timeshares outside the resort, but rather, they are the resort owners and they should not be giving their paying guests the hard sell.The food was pretty good, especially breakfast. It was nice not to have to make reservations at the ala carte restaurants. Although the food was not gourmet, there were plenty of choices. The hotel staff was very nice and friendly even though they worked long days and the resort was full during our stay. Overall, the Ocean Blue is a nice place, but I would try a different resort next time.If you decide to go, bring plenty of cash. You cannot use credit cards for internet service on site or at the store selling sundries.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>FairReviewer2007
<Content>Nice Place When we landed in Punta Cana a representative from Ocean Blue informed us that I had to stay in another hotel that night because the Ocean Blue was overbooked. As compensation we would be given 3 nights off our NEXT holiday at the Ocean Blue resort. This was rather cheeky but we managed to laugh it off!! Fortunatley the hotel we were put into that night was a beautiful 5 Star which was more than adequate. The Food in the Ocean Blue is delicious. There is a wide variety of foods at breakfast, lunch and dinner. A large array of seafood, meat and vegetable dishes are available throughout the day. If you get tired of the buffet restaurant go and try the other restaurants; the Italian, Mexican, Domincan and Beach restaurants serve nice food. Don't forget to down a shot of Mama Juana (traditional Domincan spirit) when the waiter offers you some!)The waiters can be a bit scattered when it comes to drinks and you may have to ask twice because they often forget to bring them! Just go up to the bar (there's one in each restaurant) if you are not being served quick enough.The Beach is gorgous and you can fish from the sand if you like. I used cooked squid from the beach restaurant as bait. Watch out though for the sharp spines on the backs of the fish! Have a towel nearby to handle the fish! There are sellers farther down from the resort on the beach. Walk close to the water's edge to avoid their charm! And don't forget to bargain them down: 30% of what they ask for, according to the guide!!I tried deep sea fishing, you can book it from the beach. However I would not recommend it. I spent $100 and caught nothing. Basically the crew do everything which I found annoying. We drove around for a few hours and not a bite on any rod. Two people threw up (the boat never stops driving). It is more like a tourist trip than a fishing trip! Also they do not catch and release the huge game fish like Marlin. These fish are becoming more scarce, maybe if they let them live we might of caught something that day! My advice: Fish from the beach!I did scuba diving, which I also booked through the big hut on the beach (beside the climbing wall). I would definetly recommend this: Very interesting experience and plenty of aquatic life to watch: Go for it!!All International drinks like smirnoff, malibu, Champagne, pepsi etc are all included in the price as is all the food. The Pina Colada's are first class! The rooms are nice, we were upgraded to the Elite rooms because of the delay. Comfortable and spacious rooms with good air conditioning, free minibar, satelite t.v.The Staff are very pleasant and always greet you with a warm hola.The weather was beautiful; the sun shone all day and every day. Don't even think about packing any warm clothes, you won't need them! The guests of the hotel from what I could see were mainly Puerto Rican and American. There was also a small number of Irish, Scottish and English people aswell.Overall I would rate my stay as a very pleasant and enjoyable one. I was impressed with the hotel and its courteous and friendly staff. I would recommend this hotel to fellow travellers.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Canada099
<Content>Relaxing family Holiday!! Hi there,We had a great stay at the Ocean Blue. The only complaint was that our trip had to come to an end. Firstly we booked last minute. Booked on a Wednesday and left on Monday. We consulted our travel agent, who has been very helpful.Sometimes it is better to book with a Real person who has experience rather than with the internet bookings. Everything went smoothly, right from our departure from Toronto to Punta Cana. We arrived on the 18th of June. Our room was ready on time and was a nice clean place. We stayed in Villa 4 on the top floor and had a nice view of the grounds and pool. The grounds very clean and well kept. We found the food at the buffet good for your breakfast and lunch needs. We were able to get into the al la carte restaurants almost every night. We enjoyed the the Italian especially. Great appetizers and main course selections. Everyone enjoyed their meals. The staff was great. I will always remember Angel, our waiter. He made us feel very comfortable and always kept us entertained. We also went to Route 66. It was good and was great entertainment. We also went to the Creole restaurant. It is the one with the swings on the wrap around porch. Again, Great food, Great service. The staff was always there to please. I really enjoyed the seafood offered at this restaurant. Just a side note, I read that some of the reviewers were concerned about food. Just remember, the staff has to prepare for a wide variety of people from around the world. We also went to the beach restaurant. It is a lunch buffet during the day and al la carte at night. The atmosphere is great. The meal selections were great as well as our service. I really enjoyed the beef tenderloin. Enough about food.There is plenty to do on the resort. Lots of activities for you and the kids to do . You can paticicpate or you can choose to do nothing. We swam in the ocean everyday and tried some of the equipment available. Kyak and Windsurfers. The pools were huge with lots of room and great swim up bars. Lots going on.I really enjoyed the beach bar as an afternoon retreat. The staff their were TOP DRAWER. These guys knew how to take care of you!!. One waiter named Omar was super. This guy could interact with everyone. His favourite saying was WOW!!!. I will remember this for along time. All the staff are great. All were hospitable. The evening shows were good. Good fun for all. Our holiday was great . We met alot of nice people from all over. Nice folks from the States, England, Holland, and of course the Dominicans. A smile an a good outlook, even if you dont know the language goes a long way. I think we will go back. The only problem we have is the holiday seemed short. Oh well maybe next year.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>Davebug227
<Content>Fantastic Vacation Our family of 4 ( 47,44,16,17 ) stayed at the OB June 25 thru July 2 and had a fantastic time. We booked with Apple Vacations and we stayed in a Jr Deluxe Suite, which is an upgrade to the Elite Package. We stayed in villa 6, 2nd floor. Our room was very clean, spacious, beautifully decorated and overlooked the blue pool. The grounds of OB are immaculate!!! Some one is always mopping, sweeping, trimming trees, pulling weeds or cleaning the beach. The beach is wonderful, water is blue and warm. The pools are clean and very warm. We didn't have a problem with any bugs and we even ate at the Buccanero ( beach rest. ) one evening. Everyone that works at OB is VERY, VERY friendly and made us feel very comfortable at all times. We had no problems with the language as most everyone spoke a little English. We enjoyed the food, the entertainment and especially enjoyed Mike's Coffee where we would visit every night between dinner and the show and play cards and have drinks. Hola to Luigi, he was our favorite at Mike's ,as he always made us feel special !!!! We had no problems at the airport, the bus ride ( 30-45 min ) or check-in. We never felt unsafe as my wife and daughter would walk back to the room at midnight while me and my son would head to the Overtime Sports bar ( Hola Rooster ! ) I heard one person complain about mold and musty odor but they were on the ground floor. We went on the bannana boat ( Yikes ! ). My son loved it, my wife and daughter ended up in the boat, and I hung on for dear life... We enjoyed the Glass Bottom boat and we really enjoyed the parasailing ! The only thing that we didn't enjoy was the morning we had to leave for home. It was hard to say good-bye to the friends we made at OB. Our daughter, who is our home body , even shed some tears as we said goodbye to Luigi, Kelly ( Johnny Bravo !!! ) and Christopher. We miss all of you and we can't wait to go back !!!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SK
<Content>Ocean Blue - EXCELLENT resort!!! My boyfriend and I (mid-20鈥檚) stayed at Ocean Blue for 6 days during the last week of June. We had an awesome time 鈥?relaxation, the beach, the ocean, and fruity, frosty drinks! Before we booked the trip and up until we left I read the Ocean Blue reviews faithfully. I was a little concerned with some of the negative reviews, but figured we鈥檇 see for ourselves. I think the value at Ocean Blue was excellent (we booked the hotel through Apple and the flight separately through USA3000 鈥?so Ocean Blue was about $57 a day each for us). After reading the reviews, the main complaints over time seemed to be the food and (un)friendliness of the staff. Travelers generally seemed pretty happy with the hotel/grounds, pools/beach, rooms, drinks, etc. One thing I would like to note for future Ocean Blue-goers and All-Inclusive travelers in general 鈥?All-Inclusive resorts are generally for the masses. They are in a tropical locale, pretty inexpensive, generally newer and clean, and the food and drinks are what you鈥檇 find at a basic TGI Friday鈥檚/Outback/Olive Garden/etc. in the US (decent food for the price and somewhat mass-produced). You鈥檙e paying less for a night at a hotel on the beach, food, alcohol, and activities than you鈥檇 be paying for a nice meal at a high-end restaurant. As the saying goes 鈥?you get what you pay for 鈥?do not expect Morton鈥檚 Steakhouse meals when you are not paying for them. Take this advice and I鈥檓 sure you鈥檒l enjoy yourself!So, on to the review鈥?br/>We flew USA3000 to Punta Cana on a Monday morning 鈥?fairly uneventful and PC airport was pretty unique. One thing 鈥?I could not believe the amount of luggage that people were taking for a beach vacation!!! Agghhh! We took our bags ourselves 鈥?easy once you get past the bag vultures 鈥?and the Apple Rep pointed us to our bus. It took about an hour to get to Ocean Blue (with 3 other quick hotel stops 鈥?I liked this because we had a chance to see other hotels!). Upon arrival we were able to check in early (at noon) 鈥?I mentioned that I had emailed a request for an upper-level pool-view room and the front desk rep. happily accommodated us (we were in the Apple Villa #5). Smile and ask how the check-in rep鈥檚 day is right away 鈥?not sure if this made a difference, but she was more than pleasant to us! We walked our own bags to the room and gave ourselves a mini-tour. The lobby, resort, grounds, pools, etc. all looked wonderful 鈥?clean and definitely well kept. There was no evidence of any construction in the lobby. We arrived at our room 鈥?just like in the pictures (pretty basic) and there was beer, soda, and water in the fridge, beach towels on the bed, air was on, lights seemed bright (we brought lightbulbs as recommended, but did not need them as I think everyone on TA pretty much has followed this advice and all rooms are well lit now!), etc. We left the maid $1 or $2 each day and were given the requested amounts of beer and water that I鈥檇 written on a post-it. The room seemed safe 鈥?my boyfriend left his ipod clock out on the dresser at all times, but we put our money in our locked suitcases just in case. We did not use the safe. We never had a problem with shower pressure or hot water 鈥?we showered around 7:30pm each night though. Some have mentioned the rooms are aging 鈥?and having read TA so much I noticed some things that I might not notice otherwise, but are not a big deal 鈥?and I would agree (but they still look very nice). I think the scuffs on the walls are from people lugging all of their huge pieces of luggage into and out of the room! But, it served its purpose and we had a great view! One thing to note 鈥?the power goes off and on several times during the day 鈥?you have to reset the air conditioner card and clocks usually when you get back in the afternoon. They are a little musty, but this is to be expected in a tropical climate. If I could change one thing about the room 鈥?fluffier towels!!! I love fluffy hotel towels!Pools 鈥?Great! Seemed clean enough. We usually only went in around 6pm for an evening dip (they are very warm and feel so nice at this time!). I preferred the quieter blue pool. The yellow pool always seemed to have something fun going on if you are activity-oriented (we did participate in a cocktail making competition 鈥?fun!). We noticed that there were lots of shaded chairs by the pools when we went to breakfast (around 9am).Beach 鈥?Wonderful! We had a shaded spot, but would sit in the sun for part of the day. We were there during the low season, so there were lots of chairs in shaded spots all day it seemed. There was more seaweed than I expected when you first get in the water and floating around (everyone said no seaweed in PC, but there was more than in PDC, Mexico). It was fine though and the sand was not hot! We walked about 2 miles each way from the hotel 鈥?our beach was definitely one of the cleanest seaweed-wise though. The water was very refreshing. The beach vendors in their huts will bug you 鈥?we bargained a little for rum and some shirts, but we did not want to waste too much time there. I鈥檓 not big on bargaining and frankly get a little annoyed with them. The trinkets are pretty much dollar store items and their first offer is like $30! The beach bar was a blast! Carlos and Omar were awesome 鈥?make sure you go and get to know them, as they will take care of you with a smile and a 鈥淲OW!鈥?We had fun meeting people there and having a few drinks in the afternoon. There is plenty of top-shelf liquor 鈥?just ask for it. Favorite drinks 鈥?Blue Hawaiian (with Malibu), Absolut and lemonade, and Miami Vice (ask for them blended!). Hotel/Grounds 鈥?Read Above. Beautiful and tropical. Loved the layout. During our wanderings we went onto a few other resorts 鈥?Ocean Blue definitely seems to be one of the nicest looking (and definitely had the best pools from what we saw!) and I did not like some of the other hotels鈥?鈥渕aize鈥?layouts. Ocean Blue just has villas on either side, pools in the middle, restaurants/lobby in the front, beach in the back 鈥?perfect! We never used the shuttle 鈥?the walk from lobby to beach is about 5-7 minutes and much-needed after continuous eating and drinking!Restaurants/Food 鈥?We had breakfast at the main buffet and enjoyed it every morning. The omelet line moves quickly and they are very yummy, as is the fresh squeezed juice 鈥?do not miss either of these treats! The breakfast sweet breads and bacon were also very good. I didn鈥檛 really try much of the stuff on the buffet line in the middle 鈥?however the grilled pineapple and banana were very tasty! The mimosa bar was also nice! We had lunch twice at the beach buffet 鈥?basic food, really liked the paella 鈥?it鈥檚 a good, quick lunch that you can eat on the beach. We enjoyed the main buffet 鈥?REALLY excellent pizza, I made mini-sandwiches with rolls and meat from the carving station, and tried a little of the pasta/rice dishes which were tasty. Except on our last day for lunch there was a dish called 鈥?no joke 鈥?鈥渟urrounded boy鈥?(looked like a burrito in sauce?). I have no idea what this was, and if anyone knows, please enlighten me. I almost took a picture of the little sign saying what it was because I thought it was so funny. I was not a big fan of the Dominican desserts in general (kind of plain tasting for someone with a strong sweet tooth!). Mike鈥檚 coffee was excellent 鈥?the frozen coffee drinks are wonderful. Again, did not really like the desserts, except for the macaroons and cornflake/sugar mounds at Mike鈥檚. It was a cute atmosphere. We tried all 5 free a la carte鈥檚. Caribbean Grill (beach buffet during the day) was my favorite 鈥?the filet was sooo good, as were the fried plantains with pork and cheese. The Dominican was 2nd 鈥?very good beef and garlic shrimp and the service was especially outstanding here. The Italian was 3rd 鈥?very good chicken and loved the little antipasto bar. Compare it to the Olive Garden. The Mexican was good 鈥?pretty basic Don Pablo鈥檚 style and the nacho bar was OK. The American was an interesting experience 鈥?I think they found a Friday鈥檚 or similar menu online and just use that, but don鈥檛 exactly make the food as it says. The 鈥渏alapeno burger鈥?(supposed to have fried jalapeno, cheese, spicy mayo) just had 2 burgers and one side of the bun had melted nacho cheese and the other had salsa. Interesting, but we just laughed about it. French Fries were good! There is a wait for the restaurants 鈥?it wasn鈥檛 bad as there were only 2 of us (only waited to get in the Italian and Mexican 鈥?we had a drink at the sports bar and the lady came to get us when our table was ready). Some larger groups did get frustrated. The workers do not move very fast, and do not expect them to or you will be disappointed. One thing to remember about dining here 鈥?it takes a little longer. They don鈥檛 bring you your meal 2 bites into your salad like in the US 鈥?it鈥檚 a leisurely affair. The service was fine and they always came around with more wine and water and cleared our plates away. Loved the atmosphere in each restaurant! It was nice to get ready and go 鈥渙ut to eat鈥?every night! For the buffet we liked the service better on the 鈥淥cean Sand鈥?side for some reason (we sat in the same area and had the same few waiters/waitresses, so that probably led to it).Entertainment/Nightlife 鈥?Just popped into the disco (looked kind of neat though) and casino (seemed small, but fine). Lobby bar entertainment was fantastic and the shows were resort/cheesy entertainment. When they have the variety show (singing/dancing to hit songs), the performers do not wear much clothing (if you have kids and feel this is not appropriate, I wouldn鈥檛 go). We did not get to go bowling :( - actually forgot about it. The sports bar was a blast on karaoke night though! So much fun! Overall, we went to eat later (8:30pm-ish), so by the time we were done we just wanted to chill out and did not really get into the night activities. We did not go on any excursions, as we were content laying on the beach. We did ride the banana boat once and it was a BLAST!Other: Tipping 鈥?we had great service right away, so we tipped to show our appreciation ($1 for breakfast and lunch buffet, $5 for dinner, a few bucks here and there for bartenders 鈥?probably about $70 total between the 2 of us for the 6 days). They work hard and seemed to really appreciate it. Even when we didn鈥檛 tip the bartenders, we still had a drink ready before we even ordered. Treat them as you want to be treated and you should not have a problem. Remember, Omar and Carlos at the beach bar are the best and you will love them! We did not see any timeshare salespeople at all 鈥?maybe Ocean Blue took the advice of past travelers! I forgot about them until the 3rd day and wondered if we鈥檇 be accosted sooner or later, but it did not happen鈥ay! We went from Monday-Saturday (left PC at 9pm Sat. night)鈥he resort did seem a lot more crowded on Saturday. The resort was not full at all 鈥?I would imagine when the resort is packed that the service is not as good (trying to accommodate more people with staff that no doubt gets overworked with double the number of requests/complaints) 鈥?the workers are human and just like you get stressed during a busy time at work, I鈥檓 sure they do too. Just smile and don鈥檛 get too worked up over little things. Overall, for the price we paid our stay was truly wonderful. We both agreed that we would even pay more to stay here if we had to. The beach was great for lounging with a nice breeze, the ocean was beautiful blue and warm, the room was nice, the drinks were cold, and the food was decent. So, I just think of it as 鈥渨ould I normally pay $57 a day for a hotel, meals, and drinks鈥?鈥?yes, definitely and I think Ocean Blue was well worth it!If you have any questions or need any information about Ocean Blue, please just send me an email and I鈥檒l be happy to help!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pitts
<Content>Ratings All Over The Board I guess I'll start this by saying we compared several resorts in Punta Cana as well as watched the postings of this resort for several months. We stayed there from 06/9 to 06/16 Most of the postings are all over the board meaning some of the services of this resort were very good, some not so good, some awful. Overall when you compare the star ratings of other resorts in Punta Cana I would give it a 3 /12 star. When compared with some in other Carribean resorts maybe a 2/12 or 3 at best.Lets just say as long as you stay with the program and don't deviate, you'll be ok. But if you require any additional services, towels, soft drinks, room beer, burned out lights etc etc. you may find most of the time your requests fall on deaf ears even at the management level. TIPPING: We tipped everyone including $2 per day for the maids. We found it did not help, for any requests, and the room cleanlyness was just bearly acceptable. Most dirt etc left in the corners was there the entire week. As for tipping overall, while they appear to appreciate it, if I had to do it over again, I wouldn't. Also I can tell you after several trips to the bar, the Americans were the only ones tipping. I am being honest here. FOOD: Buffets we good but again it gets tiring after awhile. You'll find the theme restaurants the food is really not very authentic such as the Italian and Route 66. Lets face it, most of the staff and I'm sure the chefs, don't even know what the cultural food is even supposed to taste like. It's just eatable lets leave it at that.BEACH was somewhat dirty with quite a bit of seaweed and cigarette butts, plastic glasses with literally no one from the resort to clean it up. Pools very niceROOMS - Typical and comfortable. Not real clean.STAFF: While most seem to be friendly, again we did find that the bartenders treated the Spanish people, of which there were a lot of much much better even with my very limited Spanish. Again, the staff is very regemented and will only do what their assigned job is. Nothing more, nothing less. Requests are generally either ignored or just told no or your told to speak to someone else. Believe me, you don't want to spend your entire vacation walking from the Villa's to the Lobby to speak to a manager. OVERALL: It's a shame because I really think this could be a 4 or 5 star resort but there is way too much confusion among the staff even for something as simple as who is getting you drinks. I realize this is a 3rd world country and we as Americans need to slow down a little, but it's again just frustrating that this resort is not what it could be. I'm sure the next review will be positive and the next negative but I can only state that is exactly what you'll find.In talking a Manager I found out the while this resort is owned by H10 hotels in Spain and they are the financial arm, it is Operated by a Dominican company. I would suggest that maybe the H10 management team needs to have people onsite to oversee the Dominican operation. So while we had a nice time and the price wasn't bad, I don't think we will return simply becasue of the inconsistancy of never knowing what kind of experiance you're going to get.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	4	2	1	

<Author>SueWayne_NewJersey
<Content>From New Jersey - Lots of fun We just stayed at the ocean blue in punta cana from June 27-July 4th. I went with my kids and my parents. We really had a nice time there.The ground are beautiful - wonderful beach and two big, beautiful, pools. The swim up bars are fine...ok drinks and lots of music!The restaurants are good also. The mexican and italian are really good!! The american (rounte 66) is not really good! The buffet and ocean grill were very nice. My kids played lots of volley ball in the pool and on the beach. We did most water activities. The service wasn't very good and the people were not very friendly (unless you spoke the language).The bottom line is: it's a nice, relaxing, all inclusive vacation! My kids were busy and fed with pretty good food. If you are looking for a 5 star hotel with gourmet food, this isn't the place for you. If you are looking for a nice, inexpensive vacation to relax and catch up with the family, it's wonderul!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>CSuzanne
<Content>Tips for staying at the Ocean Blue Our family of five had a nice time at Ocean Blue, it was beautiful! Here are some tips that I hope will be helpful. 1. The rooms are dim, I took a light bulb but could have used more than one.2. We booked two rooms, they put us on the second floor, the kids on the third floor. We heard several people complain about this. ( The kids had a great time being away from us)3. Be sure to tip the maid. I forgot one day because we were in a hurry and we only got one clean towel and the fridge was not restocked.4. When you check out- don't leave your keys in the room. I did and the check out clerk was not happy. It was the only time an employee was rude to me.5. I took a cheap air mattress for the pool. We enjoyed using it. Left it there when we left.6. When the locals came on Friday to sell items, I bought something and they acted like they could not give me change. My husband came up and demanded my change. They quickly pulled it out of their pocket.7. After 7 days we were tired of the food. At times we would be finished eating before we got our drinks. I started taking my soda with me out of the fridge from our room.8. The safari tour was educational and fun.9. The massages were wonderful.10.We never got a plug for our tub after calling several times for one.11.We were always too tired to go to the shows, they don't start until 9:30 in the evening and it gets dark around 7:00.12.The photo shop takes great pictures. Book an appointment when you get there. They are not cheap but I got 20 awesome family pictures of us on the beach. Everybody wearing white shirts looks really nice. They only take cash.13. The sun rises around 5:30 and it is beautiful to watch on the beach. We were the only ones out there and I felt safe because the security men were on duty.14. Mikes Coffee Shop was so good. We also really liked the ice cream at all of the buffets.Overall this was a nice place. I don't think I would stay there again because I like to go to new places.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Ocean081
<Content>Wonderful! My husband and I booked this as a Last Minute Vacation with a local travel agent. We were a bit hesitant because of the price we paid, but we had a wonderful, relaxing time.We had been to the Dominican previously but never to Punta Cana. The white powder sand is the best. The ocean was clean, clear and blue.I loved the choices of restaurants. The Dominican restaurant was terrific. Had to go there twice. The buffet near the beach was not very good. Same food every day. Worth the walk to the other restaurant.They have a terrific coffee house named Mike's. Perfect spot to hang out in the evening or if it happens to rain. It rained while we were there (actually downpoured) but only lasted a short time and then cleared up.My husband who is always warm, seemed very comfortable by the constant breeze. We have two complaints:The front desk personnel are absolutely useless. Very unfriendly and lazy. But if you made it known that you would not leave until you received help....they were very accommodating. We took a taxi into town to shop....don't waste your time or money. Everything you will find in town is either at the hotel jewelry store or at the long line of beach store vendors. The begging in town was heart wrenching and after awhile got to be too much and we had to leave....every store owner would grab and beg you to come into their store....I did not particular care for having my arm grab to go into a store. Shop at the resort.Prior to our trip I read on this site a suggestion to take light bulbs...I read it so many times I thought....I will take a four pack...Best advise.....sunscreen, a hat and light bulbs!!! When you go you will know why.Rooms are clean but pretty bare. No pictures and very little furniture. But all in all the resort was well worth the money we spent for a week of all inclusive ($1,100 USD). Entertainment at night--cheesy like most resorts. Larimar jewelry is to die for!!!Hubby won $800 in casino...that was a nice perk. They even have bowling....Lots of walking....resort is very large. Pools are nice. They have a shuttle to get you around if you prefer.If you get a room on the first floor facing away from the pool area request or should I say DEMAND from the front desk you be switched. We moved from the first floor (smelly--facing a dirt road and trash) to a wonderful room on the third floor with a view of the ocean and pools. Much nicer and no smell.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	1	4	3	

<Author>vinomarcus
<Content>Stay away from the Ocean Blue!! I had booked a family trip to this resort with my two in-laws, my mother and my family of four (two kids) as a group celebration of several milestones, namely my mothers 60th birthday, my in-laws wedding anniversary and my own 15th wedding anniversary. This was a pretty big deal to us and we expected a lot from this trip.  When we arrived on Friday at the resort we were told only that there was some sort of problem with our reservation (booked in March) and were told to sit and a manager would speak to us. 15minutes later, and after dozens of other people checked in, we went back to the check in counter and were told that they didn't have room for us and that we would be taken to another resort for several days. We were shuffled around between people at the counter who each had a different explanation or excuse for the overbooking. At this point it had been about 7hrs since breakfast and my 12yr old, who is hypoglycemic, began getting faint and pale. We asked them to at least let us get something to eat as my daughter was getting sick, they refused us and said that we had to be checked in to use the dining privileges. This caused us to become somewhat enraged and after arguing that it was medically necessary for my daughter to eat, they still refused and put us into a taxi cab to be taken to another resort. 20 minutes later we arrived at the Gran Bahia Principe in Bavarro. En-route, Margarite the Customer Service Dept rep from Ocean Blue told us they were extremely sorry for the confusion and that they would compensate us with 4 complementary days at the resort in the future and a lobster dinner at their beach restaurant which is usually an additional charge. We thought that would be a decent enough compensation package since they were messing up the majority of our 6day vacation. While we were on our way, we realized that my son鈥檚 Nintendo Game Boy Advance and his game holder were gone. My daughter informed us that he had taken it out to play with while we were in the lobby of the Ocean Blue trying to get checked in. That was the last we saw of it and it was gone now. Margarite told us that she would check with security when she returned to see if anyone turned it in.  When we arrived at the Gran Bahia, they treated us extremely well there, giving us VIP upgrades and privileges. When we finally got to eat, my daughter was now pail, faint and throwing up, this lasted for 2 days until we could get her to keep food and liquids down. The manager from Ocean Blue told us she would arrange for transport and would personally be back on Sunday to pick us up at 12pm to take us back to Ocean Blue. Since we were only staying a few days, we never got to unpack or explore all of the Gran Bahia Principe, but it is a wonderful resort with great food and amazing pools. We were told that we would be picked up at 12pm by Ocean Blue and that our rooms would be ready then, I didn't trust them and asked a customer rep at Bahia to please call and confirm. When he called, he was told that Margarite, the woman who was supposed to be picking us up and coordinating our return to Ocean Blue wasn't working this day as she told us she would but that someone else would be picking us up at 2pm and our rooms would be ready by normal check in time of 3pm. We were told that we could use the facilities at Bahia in the interim but that our bags had to out of the room by 12pm. So now we had a seeming 2hour window of time that we had to fill, aggravating, but not the end of the world. We had to call twice to get a porter to come and get us and our bags (7people, 12 bags), but we got down to the lobby around 12:30. We checked out and were going to start walking to one of the restaurants for lunch when we saw a man holding up a sign saying 鈥淥cean Blue Resort鈥? I walked over to him and he was there to pick up people going to the resort, so much for the 2pm pick up time we were told about and a good thing we saw him before entering one of the restaurants. We got our bags stowed away on a large bus and upon entering found at least 20 others on board who had been steered away from the Ocean Blue to other resorts. Some of these folks had booked as long ago as November of 2006 and were denied entry. Talk on the bus ride to Ocean Blue was energized to say the least.  We finally arrived at the Ocean Blue around 1pm and were told that some of our rooms were ready and some were not. We inquired about the Game Boy; they said it was not turned in, so now we were out roughly $600 in electronics as well as being incredibly inconvenienced. There was no VIP treatment at Ocean Blue awaiting us; in fact service is extremely poor. There seems to be way too few employees to run such a large facility.  The grounds and buildings themselves are beautiful and are top notch. The rooms were large, comfy and the bathrooms (wall to wall marble tiling, glass walled shower, Jacuzzi) were very all nicely done. The food is ok, dinner being the best meal of the day. Breakfast is only available at the buffet restaurant and the food is not good and very industrial tasting. The pools while pretty are not as clean as they should be and several times my mother and mother in law found themselves walking on clear plastic cups in the pool. Cigarette butts and other rubbish littered the pool area. I spent most of my time at the beach instead of the pool. The beach is stunningly pretty with soft white sand and clear blue water and a nice steady breeze.  In general we found that Spanish speaking guests are treated better than those who don鈥檛. I luckily speak enough to get by, but it was still tough getting good service. There also seems to be a great deal of double talk, and shuffling of responsibility. Nothing that is ever said by one person is ever repeated by another, you always get a different story from each employee. When we went to speak to Customer Service, Margarite wasn鈥檛 there and another person tried to compensate us with just the lobster dinner, when we told him that we were supposed to get the dinner and 4days free he said we could have either the dinner or 3 days free. We said we鈥檇 wait to speak to Margarite when she was in. She did eventually give us the correct compensation.  All in all what was a short vacation (6days) to begin with was made even shorter by the ineptitude and poor management of the Ocean Blue Resort. We鈥檙e contemplating whether or not we should even take them up on the 4 free days being offered, as service was so poor. We may just go to the Gran Bahia Principe instead; they know how to treat people.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>CrowDH
<Content>Loved Our Vacation My family and I just returned from a week-long stay at the Ocean Blue. We really had a wonderful time there and I don't understand the bad reviews that this resort has gotten. We stayed in Villa 6 within the resort. This villa was closest to the beach and yellow pool. This is the pool where all of the activities are held (water aerobics, poolside games, etc...) so it was a little nosier than the villas located by the blue pool. However, the noise was gone after the sun went down and the guests left the pool for dinner so this was not a problem. Our room was very spacious and always clean. We would leave a couple of dollars every day for our maid and she always left us a supply of water, towels and beer in our room. The rooms are dimly lit, as stated in many, many reviews. But I did not find this a problem. After spending a day in the sun, water and sand and then the evening with dinner and activities, we would go back to our room and sleep - you don't need bright lights for that.The service in the restaurants and bars are all pretty good. There were busy times when we didn't get our drinks or food immediately, but I never felt like I was ignored. The quality of the food was good as well. The buffets have a large variety of food. My one daughter is a very picky eater and she was always able to find something that she liked. The a la carte restaurants all have a different theme and we ate in all but 3 of them. The two that were our favorites were La Brasa and Margarita. Route 66 was probably our least favorite - the menu is pretty limited and the desserts aren't good at all. Mike's coffee house was wonderful - we went there at least once every day. They have a great selection of teas, hot and cold coffee drinks and snack items. The grounds were always clean. The 2 pools are very spacious. There was only one time on the beach that we weren't able to find seating in the shade - but there were plenty of chairs in the sun. On that day, we just sat under an umbrella at the pool. There was always shade seating available at the pool. During the time that we stayed there, I only had 2 complaints; and they are really pretty minor in the scheme of things. The first one is that we were never able to play pool. The game room, which is located above the bowling alley, is really too small to accomodate the size of the resort. It only has 1 ping pong table, 4 pool tables and 2 foosball tables. No matter what time of the day or night we went into the game room, there was never a table available. My second complaint is that none of the stores within the hotel (there is small gift shop and a cigar shop) take credit cards. They are both cash only. I am so accustomed to using my debit card wherever I go that I hardly ever carry a lot of cash with me. I wish that I had known this before I left and I would have brought more cash with me. Overall, my family and I had a wonderful experience at Ocean Blue. It was exactly what a vacation should be - relaxing in a beautiful tropical atmosphere with great food and drink.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tbarn
<Content>Five Stars in My Book My family and friends just got back 6/22-6/29. The resort is fenced all the way to the beach and very well maintained. If you arrive early, you will most likely have to wait until 3PM to check-in. No problem, we packed bathing suits and were off to the beach and pools. The luggage is secure, so don't worry. The pools are very large and get to about 4.5 feet at their deepest. They can get somewhat warm. The bars at the pool do get crowded, but my tipping allowed me to rarely wait for a drink. Hit them early with tips and they will take care of you. Maybe they were slightly understaffed at some bars, but once again, I never had a problem ($5 initial tip in the morning goes along way). To be honest, I rarely asked for a second drink, it just showed up. Talk it up with Omar and Carlos at the beach bar, WOW! You wil understand WOW! Do yourself a favor and bring a Boston RedSox hat for Omar. Big Sox and Poppy fan. I gave him an extra Yankees hat and he loved it. Can't imagine what a Redsox hat will do for you. The beach is clean and the lounges in the shade fill up early, by 9:30. Go right down before or after breakfast and place your towels, with a book or extra shirt on them. We never had an issue. The rooms were large enough and clean. The only problems we had during our stay were our room safe and the amount of bath towels. However, the safe was always repaired quickly. It was fixed for good on our fourth day, still not a big deal. The bath towels were sometimes late, but always arrived. You may want to take a clean beach towel back with you just in case. We tipped our maid daily and wrote her a note telling her that we wanted extra water or sodas, and she always came through. One tip is you may want to pack extra baseball gloves, balls and hats you have to give away. We gave the maid some gloves and balls and she we extremely excited. My room was well lit, but our friends was not. I took extra light bulbs so it was no problem. PACK a couple of small unbrellas, it doesn't rain much but when it does it comes down hard (always in the evening). Breakfast was pretty much the same every day, but overall good. The same with lunch. Dinners were exceptional. The sitdown dinners in the Mexican, Caribbean, Italian and Dominican were outstanding. No additional charge at any of these. Remember, they are not looking to turn over the tables at dinner, so be prepared to have a nice, not rushed meal. The Italian and Dominican do fill up fast. They all open at 6:30PM, and lines start to form at 6PM. Once they seat all the tables your name will go on a waiting list. Be prepared, if the line is long, you may not eat at that restaurant. Thursday night is a Beach Party and they close the Caribbean Grill and serve everyone on the beach. This is a must. Our kids enjoyed the Banana Boat rides ($7 for 15 minutes). They took one almost every day. We also went snorkling for 2 hours. It was $39 adult and $29 under 13 years of age. You can do both of these from a stand right on the Ocean Blue Beach. Marco runs the dive shop and is a great guy. He can give you tips on where to go (originally from Germany but been here for 14 years). We also gambled at the Casino, which was small but clean. We stuck to roulette and actually won some money. Take some Immodium AD with you. A few of us had upset stomachs, but it only lasted 3 hours when we took the medicine. Overall, I highly recommend this resort. Go have fun and meet new people. Brush up on your Spanish, although it is not needed, they appreciate the effort. The maid staff were the only people who we had problems with speaking English. ENJOY!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Funwiththeboys
<Content>Great Place for Families If you are taking a family and have young children, this is a great place to go. We just got back from 7 days at the resort: mom, dad and our two boys (6 and 7). As others have stated in their reviews, we were concerned about many of the negatives that have been written. But if you are a family that is looking to go and relax and have REASONABLE expectations, you won't be disappointed. Here are the our highlights of what we liked and things to consider when you head down:1. The two pools are huge. We never, ever felt crowded at the pool. They are also designed to accomodate small children (one end of each pool is graduated so young kids can run around and play if they aren't yet great swimmers) and big kids (at the other end of the pools is the swim up bar). Our experience was that the young kids could have fun on one side and never run into the big kids at the swim up bars who where having their own fun. A great situation for all.2. The staff were VERY friendly to all of the children. Whether we were at the pool, at one of the restaurants, or just walking around, the staff always greated the kids with a smile, an hola, and oftentimes a high five.3. When you want to take a break from the pool or the beach, there were lots of things to do with the kids including a rock climbing wall, a bowling alley, pool tables and foosball tables and a lot of what they called 'crazy games.' All of us also enjoyed the daily water aerobics in the yellow pool.4. There are several themed restaurants (i.e. Italian, Mexican, etc.). These are only open for dinner. There is also a buffet, that is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Unfortunately, we didn't have a great experience in some of the restaurants we tried. We aren't picky eaters, but just found the overall service and quality fo the food to be ok. Not necessarily bad, but just ok. We ended up at the buffet for many of our meals. It was just easier to get in, get a seat, eat and move on with whatever we wanted to do next.5. The sun is super-hot down there so be sure to pack lots of sunscreen. I am fair skinned and used SPF 50 and still got a good tan.6. There are places you can get drinks all over the resort. Mom and dad found the two pool bars got really crowded and you had to be patient sometimes to get your drink. But overall, no big deal.7. If you are English speaking, many of the staff spoke English but there were also many that did not. It would definitely help to brush up on your Spanish, but we were able to communicate for the most part.8. There are definitely activities going on every single day. The resort is VERY lively, with lots of music and events. If you like this type of atmosphere, you will like the resort. If you are looking for a quite, adult focused resort, I WOULD NOT recommend this resort for you.9. I almost forgot, we all enjoyed Mike's coffee shop. Unfortunately, my wife and I are daily Starbucks drinkers. My wife really liked Mike's, and my younger son enjoyed the frozen Caramel Mocha Iced Coffee - yum. They also had great sweets.One of the things we all liked the most about Punta Cana and this resort was that we met people from all over the world. We are from Washington, DC. Our two boys made some good friends with other kids from the Dominican, Canada and England. There is a good mix of US, Europe, Canada and many from the Dominican. If you like meeting new people, you will have your chance.In summary, we found Punta Cana and the Ocean Blue resort to be a tremendous value for what you pay and what you get. If you are bringing younger kids, this is a great place to go. If you have older kids, it'll be good as well. It's tough to be home. We are pretty sure we are going to go back!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>KASHULTA
<Content>Ocean Blue Gold  My family just got back from the Ocean Blue in Punta Cana and it was the best, most memorable time we ever had. This was our first time to Punta Cana and my 3 kids (ages 9, 13, 15) first trip out of the country. We all had an extremely wonderful time. The food is awesome, so much to choose from. The buffet has a different theme each night and there is always something for everyone..even my daughter who has to be the pickiest eater. The people are so friendly and helpful. Even though we do not know much spanish, we had no problem communicating with the staff. Ramone, the bartender at the yellow pool is the greatest man. He got to know our likes and saw to it that we always had a drink, even the kids and their soda or fruit slush. We would tip him for his wonderful services. Even though you don't have to tip, the staff make such minimal wages, we saw to it that they knew they were appreciated for their talents and did there jobs above and beyond! The activities are wonderful..from the water aerobics to learning how to dance to games. There is something for every age group. The nightly entertainment has a different show ranging from CHICAO to local talent. The lobby saxophone player sounded better than Kenny G! The cleaning lady always brought what we requested from her. We left a note with some candy and a dollar and everything was great. We went with Apple Vacations and they always have a rep for you to talk to regarding trips or anything else you might need. They were located in our Villa, which was just Apple Vacation people. We were located right outside the 2 pools. Speaking of the pools..they were HUGE!!! You could have your own space or have fun with the activities. The water was so clean and refreshing. The whole grounds of the Ocean Blue were the cleanest I have seen!! They were always picking up litter and making sure the grass and flowere were beautiful!! There was always a seat to be had at the pools. There must be hundreds and tons of umbrellas to sit under. The casino was small, but we still had fun at the black jack tables. The beach was huge!! Beautiful white sand and a wonderful ocean with plenty of seating. We were located right next to a small market place to buy anything from Rum to jewelry to knick knacks, etc. I can't say enough about this remarkable place. I am going to start saving so that we can come back. I would rate this out of 1 to 10, a 20!! We had no complaints!!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>glhteach
<Content>Laid Back at Ocean Blue (I'd rate this hotel between above average and excellent My friend who lives in Michigan found this trip for us. It was a great bargain that was too good to pass up (seven nights for $890 per person鈥ncluding roundtrip airfare and taxes!) I hadn't really considered visiting the Dominican Republic but needed a vacation and again, the price was right. I recruited three more friends and we booked the trip (3 rooms). After booking the trip, I read the reviews. At first I panicked and then decided that people who write reviews either really like the hotel or really hate the hotel. I decided I would make the best of the vacation and form my own opinion... which is what I recommend you do. Overall, I really enjoyed this vacation/hotel. We went there for rest and relaxation and would recommend this hotel to folks seeking the same. Here is what I found:We booked through Apple and our representative greeted us upon our arrival (they also had a cab arranged for us at the airport so we were whisked to the property without delay.) Our check-in was quick and uneventful. However, when we arrived at our rooms (We were assigned to Villa 5鈥hich I believe is contracted to Apple), one of the rooms had a king bed. We had requested three double rooms. It took about 陆 hour to be relocated to a double room. We were moved to Villa 4 on the first floor. As the other reviewers have noted, the first floor has a musty smell. This was not just in my room (Room 4129). My friend from Michigan was also assigned to Villa 4 (Room 4105) and her room was also musty. No amount of cleaner is going to eliminate the smell permanently. Refuse a first floor room. We complained and were moved back to Villa 5 the next day. My friend was moved to Villa 6, which was an upgraded room. The hotel (rooms and the grounds) was very clean and picturesque. I never saw any trash on the grounds. The restaurant service was good. The staff was very attentive and constantly cleared our tables and provided drinks. The food was just o.k. However, I may be a little prejudiced here. I am from Chicago and enjoy a variety of highly rated restaurants. The beach was gorgeous. The hotel provides cabanas for shade. You would think that by mid afternoon the cabanas would all be taken but we never had a problem obtaining one. We mostly romped in the ocean or lounged in the cabana. We never took part in any of the water activities they claim to provide. Also, we never saw anyone else using any of the beach services (boating, snorkeling, etc.) My friend did enjoy volleyball most days and tennis one day.The staff was friendly and never pressured us for tips. We did have plenty of $1.00 bills on hand for tips though.Vendors come to the property on Fridays. Bring cash. We were initially told the vendors would be there at 9:00 a.m. and then 1:00 p.m, and 4:00 p.m. They did not arrive until around 6:00 p.m. Some of them can be pushy but we were told never to pay more than 30% of their initial asking price and that seemed to work for us. Sometimes we paid 40% but did not feel cheated. We purchased artwork, coffee, jewelry and rum. They also have shops on the beach but the hotel does not sanction these vendors so you shop at your own risk. I had a great massage but paid the same amount I pay in Chicago ($90 for aroma therapy).We did visit two shows but did not stay for the entire performance. We also never visited the disco or bowling alley.Tips: 1. Learn a few words of Spanish or you won鈥檛 be able to communicate with most of the staff.2. Your cell phone probably won鈥檛 work here. My cell phone company informed me that because of so much fraud in the area, they did not provide service in this country. I had to buy a $10 (29 international minutes) calling card to keep in touch with my family back home. I thought this was a better deal than using my cell phone (if I could get service!) The hotel does not charge a connection fee when you use the card so you get to use the entire 29 minutes. 3. The CDC recommends that you begin taking an anti-malaria drug at least one week before you visit the country. We didn鈥檛 really have problems with mosquitoes (I only saw one near our rooms during our seven night stay). However, when we had our lobster dinner on the beach one evening, I received about 9 bites (I had been lulled into a false sense of security by the absence of mosquitoes and had not applied mosquito repellent.) Needless to say, I will continue to take my anti-malarial medication for the next couple of weeks. 4. Bring plenty of sun block. Some of the other guests were sporting some pretty nasty burns. It is really hot during the day but very pleasant at night. I never felt unsafe walking the grounds. 5. Take the Outback Safari Tour. You can take a full day ($80) or half-day ($65) tour, but the full day includes a wonderful Dominican lunch. Our guide was entertaining and we learned a lot about the country. You will get the opportunity to converse with the natives, see how they live and also shop. You will visit a coffee plantation and a beach (I didn鈥檛 like the beach鈥t was littered and needed to be cleaned.) The Outback Safari group claims to support 7 schools in the area so not only are you being educated but you are also helping to educate the children of the Dominican Republic.6. Don鈥檛 be alarmed but I did encounter one rat on the grounds one night. It scurried from a vent and into the bushes. I believe that pests are inevitable wherever you go. I don鈥檛 believe there is an infestation鈥ust the reality of any commercial property. There was never any evidence of pests in our rooms as noted be one reviewer. I鈥檓 not disputing what the other reviewed reported鈥 just want you to know that this is not a seedy hotel with run-down rooms with pests everywhere. The accommodations were comfortable and clean. I don't think you will regret staying here.7. You are on Dominican time and you are a guest. You may not receive things as quickly as you would in your hurried world. The important thing is to remember that you are on vacation. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>pittypat1221
<Content>Really enjoyed our stay       lobby area and bar  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>AtlantaRainbow
<Content>Disliked Certain Things My fiance and I stayed at this report and this was our first time out of the United States. The food at this resort is AWFUL. There are a couple of buffet restaurants and the food there is not good. They have four or five other restaurants and the food is not good at any of these places. And, all the drinks are watered down to say the least. Mainly, they serve Presidente beer and it is not good. We did get Coronas and Bud Light one night but after tipping good. They do not like to offer American beer probably because they do not keep that much in stock. The people that work at the resort were wonderful. The ocean was warm and beautiful. We went horseback riding outside the resort. All the horses looked like they were starving to death. I felt bad for them. And, they take them through some pretty rough terrain. My fiance and I said we would never go back to this resort or Punta Cana for that matter. But, it was an experience, an okay experience, but by no means great.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>baw2580
<Content>Wonderful!!! We went to Ocean Blue the second week of June. It has the most beautiful beaches we have ever seen, and we have been all over...Hawaii, Caymens, Jamaica, etc. The hotel was also the nicest we have seen for an all-inclusive at this price! We did upgrade to the Elite Club...by doing this you get a room with beach and ocean views. The rooms are much nicer than the regular rooms too, I think. They stock it with premium liquor, and you get a lot of other freebies like massage, motorized water sports, horse back riding, etc. The only thing I could complain about, and I would not even call it that, was the food. BUT, you have to expect this at an all-inclusive, and somewhere totally different than your culture. There is such a variety you will for sure find something you like, or are at least satisfied with. We went to the wine cellar steak house 2 nights..It was divine! There is a suplement, but it is well worth it. We did 2 excursions, Saona, and the Carribean Festival. Saona is a MUST!!! The other was a snorkle tour, and it was very good if you like that. You get to swim with huge nurse sharks, so that was pretty neat, and then they stop at a sand bar for swimming and cocktails. By far one of the best vacations we have been on, and we are already planning another trip back for next year. Don't worry, you will be impressed for sure!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StinePSU
<Content>Beautiful Beaches We stayed at the Ocean Blue June 13th-20th. We stayed with our 9 year old son and 6 year old daughter. I was really concerned about staying here after reading all the negative comments but we had a really nice time. We paid a good amount of money for our vacation. I do not feel the trip was worth what we paid for it but we had a nice relaxing time. The beaches are amazing and our kids loved the pool. We didn't leave the resort but we were looking for complete relaxation and that is what we got. We went through Apple Vacations so flight went smoothly and arrival at hotel went smoothly also.We had one major problem: Be aware of Room 5124 because the tub is filthy and the ceiling above the tub is falling down. The room had a horrible odor- more than the musty smell. I called the desk immediately and had to wait over a day to get a new room but we eventually did move across the hall and had a better room.Other than the room issue we had a great time. The staff was friendly and we did tip our maid daily but by the end of the week drinks stopped in the fridge. We tipped occasionally at the bar and at dinner. They were always grateful for tips - they do work 12 hour days. Remember that respect goes both ways. I think this trip was an eye opener for our children on how others live outside our little rural community. We have been to the Bahamas, Cancun and Jamaica and the beaches here are are just as nice. I think they would be better if the boats were not zooming past all day long. Our beach was the cleanest compared to other beaches by Ocean Blue.No problems with food- okay not the best. Missing - a good chocolate desert. Nobody got sick- kids liked Route 66Kids club was a little disappointing but we wanted to spend time with our kids. Take a light bulb and some candles.Overall had a great time we think it was a little overpriced.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>fireman10
<Content>stay away We were supposed to stay June 24 thru June 29, but had such a terrible experience we changed our flight at a cost of $350) and left on the 26th.The service was slow, NO ONE spoke english, the food was on par with a high school caffeteria.As for the bars, fine if you like Presidente beer and speed rack liquor.Now for the best part....our room was overrun with bugs.When we turned the light on they were scattering all over the place!!We called the front desk and they sent up a can of bug spray!! They could not change our room at that time according to the Apple rep. Miguel. Apple was of NO HELP WHATSOEVER to us.The next day the manager reluctantly changed our room, but by that time we had seen enough and went home the next day.Remember...YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR so beware here.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	3	

<Author>lovepuglet
<Content>Great vacation for the price! May 12-18 Connecticut I'll start by saying I thought overall it was a great resort and my husband 2 little girls and I loved it. Beaches: I''ve been to several resorts on different Islands and only Beaches Turks and Caios matches the Dominican beaches. The sand was the softest and pinkest I've seen and I've been to Bermuda. The water as turquois as you get. We had very little seaweed and the waves were perfect. There was always seating on the beach, butt maybe because of the time of year.Pool: It was huge and looked clean, The pool bars were great and had no trouble getting drinks, had a lot of bahama mama's.Weather: was around 87 and humid, but at the beach it was beautiful.Rooms: Our check in was immediate but there was noone to take our bags to our room so we walked. We first got a room as far away from the beach and asked for a room closer to the beach. Stayed in this room for one night and switched. I read a lot of reviews and cant believe people complained . Both our room s were really nice and the bathroom was nicer than some at a Marriott. We tipped our cleaning lady $2 to $3 a day, she seemed very appreciative. Didnt get beer until almost the last day though.Timeshare people: Once again going by the reviews I was expecting a lot of harrasement. Only got bothered once but the recreation people were really starting to get on by nerves . They were constantly bugging us to do a excertion. Just say you already booked one, that usually works.Recreation: most of the sports stuff you have to pay for, but they have some fun games around the pool. We didnt go to the nightclub but sure heard these loud people coming home at 1:00 - 2:00 in the morning. Food: The Italian place was great ate there 3 times. Dominican restaurant (garlic shrimp excellent). Dont eat at the Mexican, terrible, Route 66 ok, didnt try the pay restaurants. As far as the buffet places go, there fine for lunch and Breakfast for a few days and then it's the same food recycled and it gets tiring. Go to the guy who looks like Sami Sosa for Omlettes, Great. The coffee place was one of the best things and we got lucky it opened most of the week at 9:00 because of construction in lobby.Vendors on the beach: Dont buy the tshirts on beach, they fall apart after washing and I tryed to get a better deal and they were pretty tight so I bought very little. Braid people did a great job on my daughters heads. Also the cigars are not real dominicans so dont waste your money.Resort overall: very manicured, clean but I did not care for most of the people. Once you said no to them they were very rude.Tips: bring at least one lightbulb for reading, lots of $1 bills for tiping and imodium and pepto just in case. None of us got sick but I ran into some that did. (tip: dont eat the beef).One more thing, it seemed that there is some kind of deal where they let local dominicans in on the weekends . The pools were packed and the restaurants were also packed and on those two days we could not seem to get a waitress to get us any soda's or waters. They were only waiting on other dominicans. Come Sunday night , Monday morning it was cleared out.For those who complain, what do you expect for this great price, you can go to beaches resort and get great good but pay more than double.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>tutub
<Content>( of 17 in group got sick If we had't eatn I would say it was ana aazig trip! The reort is beautiful. Great Pol Lots of hairs  cover on the bech The kids i our group loved th bowling alley.We all got sick tho. We were there for days  on the 4thday 5of us were sick. By that ight it was 7  the ext oring it wa9.Terriblestomach problems. The resort told s we ust have a virus Funneyw al came fro differetons yet we came with the samevirus.Go with caution  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>1	4	4	5	3	3	1	1	

<Author>Flying11
<Content>Beware of weekend visitors.... Stayed at the Ocean Blue in May 2007, overall the hotel experience was positive. The food was what you would expect for an all-inclusive resort with numerous options. A few in our group experienced stomach issues, but not so much that it ruined the trip. Our main negative experience (And this was a major negative) was that on the weekend we were there, an influx of non-family oriented visitors came to the hotel. While our group definitely liked to have a good time, we were embarassed to see the display of drunkeness and disregard for others that was exhibited by this group. It went so far as that 2 of them engaged in sex in one of the public pools in the middle of the day - Guests stood around in shock/horror as this continued for approximately 15 minutes. Thankfully there were not many children around, and those that were did not understand what was happening. All-in-all, I would be very cautious about bringing my family/children to this resort - especially around the weekends when these groups seem to frequent the resort.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Betzaida
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue My family and I had a great time at Ocean Blue Beach and Golf Report. The staff was great and the hotel was always clean. The best bar there is the Overtime bar with Jose as the bartender. He was very attentive to all of his patrons and accomodated everyone to their liking. Some of the other bartenders were not as welcoming and nice. We will absolutely go back and stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fozzle
<Content>Irish point of view - Fantastic! Myself, my partner and our 14yr old daughter have just arrived back from this resort (9th 鈥?22nd June) and not one of us had any complaints. In fact our only gripe was that we had to come home at all!!I had read quite a number of reviews before going and I was slightly worried but I didn鈥檛 need to be as it turned out to be one of the best holidays we鈥檝e ever been on and certainly worth the long distance travelling. Our room was fine. Very big (especially by European standards) and clean with lighting that you could read by. Make-up could be applied easily using the vanity mirror (with light) in the bathroom. Speaking of which, the bath was a lovely way to relax after a day in the pool/sea/sun. All three of us had a bath and/or shower every night and never had any problem with hot water. The room was cleaned every day, not always in the morning but then there鈥檚 nothing unusual about that. Both our fridge and our bathroom were restocked without fail. The pools were great, they were never that busy. We didn鈥檛 have to 鈥榬eserve鈥?beds on any day and could generally move around and find new beds throughout the day if we wanted to. We did see a few people leaving their towels out early but couldn鈥檛 quite figure out why. After lunch we would move to the beach where there were always loads of free beds, I can鈥檛 imagine it ever being full. There are plenty of activities to partake in all around the resort. They don鈥檛 hassle you too much but it鈥檚 well worth joining in. We all loved the food. The buffet always had something for everyone. We tried the Dominican which we enjoyed and the Italian which was ok but we ended going into the buffet for dessert so from then on we just stayed in there and stuffed ourselves. The beach buffet was super for lunch and quite handy for both the pools and the beach. The staff are very friendly and chatty and most nights would refill your glass before it was empty. Some days we had to wait for drinks but they work as fast as they can and if you鈥檙e desperate you can always go up to the bar yourself. We never had any hassle from reps, in fact we barely even noticed them.The evenings are quite relaxed. The shows are great fun and if you remember that you鈥檙e not in the west end you won鈥檛 be disappointed. If that鈥檚 not your cup of tea you can always lounge in the lobby or just sit outside with a coffee from Mike鈥檚. For the more lively among you, there鈥檚 the bowling/pool hall or the disco. We were in bed by 10.30pm every night though so we never made it into either of those places.We went on the Outback Jungle Safari and I would highly recommend it. I won鈥檛 give it all away but suffice it to say we were satisfied that we saw enough of the countryside and local life.All in all this is a fantastic place to visit. The resort is lovely and the people are extremely friendly and easy going and do everything possible to help you enjoy your stay. We would definitely go back if there wasn鈥檛 a whole world out there waiting to be seen [--]  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>restaurant
<Content>beautiful beaches -bad sevice Just returned June 23rd. We were one of 6 couples. The highlights are the spacious beautiful pool. The activity staff especially Migeul. Made you feel so welcome and joining in on the fun. Beach is wonderful for taking long walks. The apples representatives were so very helpful. Our excursion was the outback safari and we were in very good hands. We really received an education on their way of life. The bad news dim ly lite rooms never could read let alone put makeup on. Bars were understaffed. we believe on purpose ,saved them alot of money in beverages. We tipped maid first day and every day she just didn't want to give us our two beers and water allotment. Always missing something. Very slow service in restaurants and bars. They wanted dollar in hand and a few had nerve to even ask for it. The food in the buffet offered variety but you had to b very careful. I am in food service industry and with the heat food doen't last long. Seems they did some recycling of leftovers. Many of us had diarhea and vomiting and one of us got food poisening from the mexican restaurant. I suggest another resort for your hard earned dollars. We believe this is a management problem. Whom you never saw. We made the most of it without complaining and still enjoyed ourselves.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brickum
<Content>1st all-inclusive trip June 15 to 22,2007We had 8 people in our group from northern Ohio 2 families 2adults 2 children 11yr.boy13yr.girl 2adults 2 young adult Boys 18 21 This was our first all-inclusive trip and first to this area. We booked with apple vacations and we were very pleased with their service. Our plane could not land at Punta Cana airport due to a plane blowing a tire so our plane was sent to LA ROMA airport we were very pleased with apple and how they handled this situation while we were in flight they had buses at the airport with represenitives who rode with us to our resorts kind of got a free tour of the island on the way.Apple reps at the resort were great to deal with and handled our excursions and any problems at the Hotel [No towels in room after 5p.m. and delay on in room safe repairs]In room safes are great but ours needed fixed 4 times during our stay. We did a snorkel trip and the outback safari{this one was great ask for sammy as a guide } This Island is about relaxing and having a good time keep this in mind and you will have a wonderful time.The hotel is big and we did not notice it to be crowded probably time of year so this was a plus. No waiting for dinner at all but the doors open at the restaurants at 6:30 and we were in line by6:10 to 15 and we were 3rd to 5th in line so there were plenty of tables for people coming a bit later and they do fill up fast so don't wait to long to go to dinner because then you might wait a bit longer. There are 5 restaurants and a buffet and 2 you pay extra for and we did not try them or the route 66 , we liked the Italian best the servers and hostess were very fun here and loved there mamawanna shots with all of us. The Mexican was good also. Buffet were okay at breakfast lunch and dinner. They are buffet, I'm not sure what people expect from them but all of us found something we liked at each one. Mikes Coffee House is as good as everybody says so try it.The Theater at night for entertainment we tried twice it was not that good and maybe if it wasn鈥檛 so loud you could follow it a little better. They try to give you a good time so all is well.The pools were very big and the staff does a lot of things to entertain you while your there, If you want participate and if not relax and enjoy the sun or drink at the pool bars or head to the beach the water is great. Plenty of chairs to be had.Lastly our room it was spacious all tile floors and marble bathrooms no musty smell in our room, beds where comfy maid kept it clean just had to keep asking her for coffee for the coffee maker and beer for the fridge she did keep water in there for us. Also we were in villa 5, I think that鈥檚 for apple customers because the reps were right there for you. Suggestions for light bulbs is a good idea all low watt conservation bulbs and they are not real bright.One last thing we did use our credit cards for excursions and for a massage at the pool.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Herpfriend
<Content>Decent vacation with 20 month baby  My husband and daughter (20 months old) stayed at the Ocean Blue from June 2-9 and booked through Apple. I am a big fan of tripadvisorand read many reviews before going. Most of the comments that you see throughout the reviews are true except for the extreme complaints. You can never please anyone all of the time. We have beenon 2 other all inclusive vacations to compare our trip to this one.Positive Highlights: Immacculate hotel, very friendly staff, hotel room spacious and clean enough for a baby! (very little musty smell which is a sign of cleanness since it is hard to keep the rooms cleanin a beach resort), plenty of beer and sodas and water in room fridge, comfortable day bed, full size crib, beautiful location, plenty of space (hotel was about 1/2 capacity or less), specialty restaurants were very good, nice to not have to make reservations, Apple rep very friendly and helpful if we wanted excursions, clean beach and pool areas, food fresh except beach buffet near the end of the day, restaurants very clean, trolley regularly appeared (hotel grounds were large and it was nice to ride in the heat), check in quick and friendly, bars well located and plenty of them, beautiful lobby, great overall set up of the amenities for the hotel, HOT HOT HOT weather - we used 2 whole bottles of suntan lotion in 5 days, very warm pool, shopping nearby - sales people a lot less agressive than other locations I have been to, hotel provided good balance of entertainment and relaxationSome minor disappointing details: not a wealth of washcloths (but they changed the sheets daily, weird management of linens - I have never stayed at a place where they changed the sheets on the bed daily), dim lighting, but likely standard in 3rd world country, poor service at buffets (understaffed, not waitstaff's fault), bars understaffed (again a management problem) - a bit of work to get drinks at times even though the hotel wasn't that busy when we were there, food was ok but monotanous (there was lunchmeat 3 meals a day,boiled potatos at every meal), my husband had stomach issues for about 1/2 of the trip, but my baby and I were fine the whole week, hotel fountains under constructionOvervall a good vacation for the price (1800 for RT from NYC for 2 adults) and very good for families. Please consider how much and the type of vacation you are paying for before complaining endlessly about the resorts. All inclusives in 3rdworld countries are a wonderful opportunity to relax and enjoy local beauty on a budget. The people work harder than most Americans ever do for so much less. Thank you to all in the DR.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Safariman_62
<Content>Realistic Review! What a great resort. Clean and comfortable. The many pros far outweigh a couple of negatives. Arrival at the airport could not have been easier. Way more efficient than last year when arriving into Puerto Plata. Taxi ride to resort took about 30 minutes and will cost you about US 35.00. There is a US 10.00 fee to enter the country.Check-in at the resort went smoothly with no waiting. Bags arrived to the room shortly after checking-in.The room was exceptionally nice, had a very nice sized bathroom, nice furniture. The in-room safe was a breeze to use and I felt safe putting my stuff in there. One day the safe would not work properly so I called the service help line and within 10 minutes a man arrived and fixed the safe. Great service.The buffet was very nice and always seemed to have a nice selection of food. One thing you need to know is that if you are like me, and tend to drink more than one glass of water during your meal, be sure to ask for two glasses of water from the start. For whatever reason, service in food areas in these parts of the world is slow. I would generally have to approach the servers and ask them to bring water to our table. That frustrates me. And that will be my main complaint about this resort. One word of caution, the American themed restaurant was a big disappointment. All other restaurants in this resort were wonderful.The beach area is very nice and clean. Yes, there is seaweed, however, and this makes no sense to me, but my daughter and I walked at least 1/2 mile in each direction and the seaweed on our part of the beach was way less than that of other resorts. If you get yourself down to the beach by 9:30 you generally would not have trouble in getting a chaise lounge under some shade.The pools were fabulous. Water was plenty warm, but that cannot really be helped.All bars were nice. Again, if you think tipping will get you faster service, think again. These people work at their own pace. Just don't expect fast service. Nor friendly service either.The grounds of the resort were very nice. The resort is very easy to walk around in. We felt very safe. One very nice thing we liked about this resort is that at no time did anyone approach us on the beach to hassle us to buy something. Just to the left of this resort, on the beach, are local shops. So if you want local art, cigars, etc, just go to the beach and look to the left. Very handy and no hassle!! Awesome.This resort has a bowling alley, movie theater, disco, which by the way does not open till 11 at night, a casino, and a very lovely area just inside the resort for sitting out and listening to evening entertainment.Snorkeling was available for US 39.00, well worth it. There were other such activities but we did not do any of those.I did have to kill two roaches in our bathroom, but again, this happens everywhere.Check-out was fast as well. The bell boy came to the room within minutes of when I called and promptly took me to a waiting taxi to head out to the airport.Would I go back to this resort? Yep, you bet I would.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marie82526
<Content>Great Honeymoon! Loved Ocean Blue! My husband and I spent our honeymoon there from 6/7/07 thru 6/14/07 and had a great time. We did not find anything to complain about!The lighting in the room is not very good but we took lightbulbs with as others had suggested. The room did have a faint musty smell, but we brought candles with as well. We never had a problem with hot water or pressure. If you want extra towels or beer in the fridge, tip the maid a little extra. The beach is fabulous, never had a problem getting a good chair and we didn't get there until 10am everyday. The pools were right outside of our room and they were great. Food was better than we were expecting (we read neg. things about food before going). The ala carte restaurants were better than the dinner buffet, but the buffet had good breakfast and lunch. You should not be hungry! If you do it is your own fault. We took advantage of a couple of tours offered through the vacation companies. I highly reccommend them both. The Marinarium was awesome! You snorkel in the open ocean and then in a netted area with sharks! We also took the Sanoa island tour, BEAUTIFUL! It was an all day affair, but well worth it! You dive for starfish at the end of the day!Please don't let negative reviews keep you from paradise! The Ocean Blue is great. Some people just aren't happy unless they can complain!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BethlehemPopcorn
<Content>Great Vacation!!! My wife and our two daughters ( ages7 and 9 ) stayed at the Ocean Blue from June 7th to the 15th. As other reviewers have stated we were skeptical due to all the negative reviews. All I can say is that we had a great time and experienced none of the problems stated in the negative reviews.The resort is beautiful, clean, and well maintained. The beach is one of the best beaches that we have seen and we have been to quite a few resorts in the carribean. The weather was perfect everyday. Water temp in pool and ocean was also perfect. The room was always clean and no hot water issues. The food was good to great. The service was excellent.During our stay the resort seem to be only about half full. I think this is why we didn't experience all the negative issues. You have to remember that if the resort is close to full of course there is going to be: a shortage of hot water, lounge chairs, towels, and long waiting times for the restaurants. That is true of any hotel anywhere. Just don't go during peak season. We went on one snorkeling trip where we swam with the sharks and it was amazing. We will definitely go back.FYI: If you are planning on using the bowling alley and have small children, bring sneakers beacause they only have adult sizes.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mandinhaxox
<Content>LOVED IT!!!!!! Perfect....miss it already!!! we stayed at ocean blue from May 20 to june 3 2007. The first week there was 11 of us. check in was great and fast. as soon as we finsished checking we took the train to our villa. we stayed in villa 8 which is right between the restaurants and pools.The rooms: they were good but the lighting was very dim. we had read in reviews previously to bring lights bulbs and that is what we did and they helped alot. we had a floor level room which was good because you didnt have to climb stairs, but also loud at times of the night.The beach: it was absolutely beautiful!!!! one of the nicest beaches i'ves seen in Punta Cana. Always clean and well kept. we took a walk down the beach and our beach was the nicest in compared to the other resorts near it..The restaurants: the buffet in the morning for breakfast was OK. the same thing everyday, but you cant let that ruin your vacation. the buffet at night was ok as well, there was a really good terriaki section in the buffet at dinner which was good. the a la carte restaurants were great. My favourite one was the route 66 fast service and good food. the dominican was good too. by the second week more people came and met up with us. in total was 17. All restaurants co-operated with us to get tables and serve us. Mikes Cafe was awsome the guys there were so friendly and were always happy to see us.Entertainment: the animation staff were GREAT!!! i would like to thank Miguel, Melvin,Pablo,Henry, and Fransisco they were all great people. Our vacation would'nt be the same without them. They were always playing games on the beach and by the pool. We played almost all the games, and had so much fun. The nightly shows could of been better but they all try their best. the disco at night was ok. The music they played the most was spanish but it was always full with all ages.(18+)kids club: the kids that were with us enjoyed going and didnt want to leave sometimes! the lady who is there(suzy) is nice and friendly and speaks english really good. kids made arts  crafts, outside games ..etc.Excursions: we did 2 excurisons. the first one that we did first was the Bavaro runners. we went to see a typical dominican house ,horse back riding and saw some schools. the second one was the ATV's. we drove the atvs throught the little towns and drove through mud puddles, we also went to a cave were we could go swimming in it, then we stoped at a beautifel beach.Both excursions were great.there are professional photographers on the resort. we had a photoshoot and the pictures turned out amazing!!!! Mica and the girls there are all super friendly.Overall: overall this resort was great. we all had a great time!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	4	3	4	5	4	

<Author>I-LOVE-BLITZY
<Content>Beautiful resort, horrible service My husband and I stayed at Ocean Blue the beginning of June, this was our third time to Dominican Republic, our first at this resort. We stayed in villa 5 on the second floor. The resort is beautiful, very large which we enjoyed because we like to walk in the evenings after dinner. The beach is beautiful, we could walk for miles. Here are the problems we had, the lighting in the rooms is horrible,I couldn't see to read a book, my husband killed a roach on the second day. My husband took his own washcloths since we knew from past times that if you get one washcloth you are lucky,well they took all of his washcloths and we ended up with none, he called the desk to ask about it and they waited until we were in bed and then they came knocking on our door at 1:00 A M in the morning, they love to play games with you. They never stocked our fridge with beer and when my husband asked about it they said it would cost 4 dollars for a can of beer, I thought this is all inclusive. We ate mostly at the buffet, we liked the food very much but the service was horrible . They would never bring us a drink , they waited on everyone around us, I think we were invisible. We always felt like we were begging. In the morning they would pour a half cup of milk in your coffee .Every other resort that we have stayed at you either get your own coffee or they put a coffee pot on your table. Mikes coffee shop is the tops we went there every night that was a plus.We took a banana boat ride they never told us we would fall off, they didn't care.We went on a Santa Domingo tour it was a very long day and very hot, our tour guide took us to the expensive shops and then left us walk for blocks back to the bus by ourselves. I can't forget to mention people will get up early to reserve their chairs and never show up for hours later and then you have some people that like to stare you down if you happen to get their first, you know who you are.They changed our code to our room one day when we were at the beach. And last of all I can't forget to mention that somewhere between the airport and our room some of my clothes had black grease on them ,they were brand new clothes when I mentioned this to my husband he looked at his clothes and found the same thing done to his clothing. We had fun in spite of all that happened but we would never return to that resort again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	-1	1	

<Author>LegoV79
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue-Would Go Back in a Heartbeat!       Beautiful beach  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>shoregirl54
<Content>great relaxing vacation My husband and I stayed here fom May 17 to the 23. This resort is so beautiful. It is a tropical paradise. It is very clean. We stayed in villa 3 which is alittle walk to the beach but close to the pools and dining areas. You can do as little or as much as you want. The activities are listed in a daily paper the hotel puts out. A few tips I like to pass on are go try a spa treatment it is a great place. The treatments can be put on the credit card but not the tip. The gift shop also only takes cash. My husband played golf at the hotel but only 9 holes are finished. There are nicer courses close by they have a list at the guest relations center. We heard from other guests that the safari adventure was wonderful. Everyone has to go to Mikes coffee house very frequently it is great. We ate in the different restaurants instead of the buffet for dinner. Our favorite was the Italian with the Dominican a close second. We also left a couple of dollars each day for the housekeeper. She seemed to really appriciate it. We asked her on the first day for extra towels and water after that they were there each day. Speaking spanish is really a plus but we did not and did not have a problem . If someone does not understands you at all they will go find someone who can speak to you. The only negative thing I have to say is the time share people can be annoying. We just told them on the first day we did not want to speak to them and they left us alone. All I can say is GO GO GO you will have a great time  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ldj68
<Content>Nice resort, bad service I just returned from this resort. The resort itself was very nice. The grounds were well kept and very clean. The rooms were large and clean (although the lighting was not very good). The beach was beautiful and clean. The buffet food was ok, but you really can't expect too much from a buffet, although there was a decent variety of food. The coffee bar was great. The service on the other hand was not so great. I understand that you are in the Dominican and things are more laid back, but sometimes it was ridiculous. We had problems with our air-conditioning and called for someone to fix it and we were told that they would send someone to our room. No-one ever came. This happened 5 times. They also wanted to fumigate our room while we were there and we said we didn't want it done, we got a bit of an attitude about it. Also, the service in the buffet was slow at best. I think maybe it was lack of organization, but there seemed to be rhyme or reason as to who had what responsiblities, so some people just ended up being neglected. Like I said, the resort was not all bad, but I would recommend an Iberostar resort, where the service is great.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Carlos_LA
<Content>Clean and well kept with a few issues       Beach - Ocean Blue Resort  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>gail&tom
<Content>Wonderful time, learned a lot At Ocean Blue May 7-14, booked through Apple Vac., stayed in Villa 5, second floor overlooking pool. Nice room, very large with 2 double beds, and beautiful tired bathroom. Left 2-3$$ every day with maid, left notes now and then asking for extra water, soda always got more. Was fun to take spanish book along and look up how to write words, learned along the way. Soon you're saying hola, etc. to everyone without thinking about the spanish.It was nice to have the apple rep downstairs in the hall every day.They will book dinner reservations, and tours etc. Very nice guys, spoke english well and were helpful.Had one kind of upsetting incident with a bartender our first day there by the beach. I drink alcohol, but my husband does not.When he ordered a strawberry margarita without alcohol, the bartender mocked him loudly as he walked all the way around the bar, saying he wants kiddie drink with no alcohol, how do you like this guy? This was embarassing to us and also uncomfortable to the others sitting at the bar, no one thot this was funny. I realize that this is an all-incl., but everyone in this world does not dring alcohol for one reason or another.They did not have non-alcoholic beer either, why not??? We didn't know that people who don't drink alcohol wouldn't be welcome. Also, if you order 7 Pina Coladas during your stay, you will get 7 different tasting drinks, sometimes even from the same bartender. I finally figured out how to order them the last day.The beach bar (by the beach buffet) has a slushy-like machinewith the pineapple slush. I would go by it, point at it and say Pina Colada pls. then as he was filling it say with Rum! and he will add the rum. If you want extra rum, say mucho pls.Watch as they make it because they just don't understand English well. We tipped also helps, took 32 oz. mugs fromWalMart. Those kept drinks cold all day. And one of those or 2was enough to last me all day. My husband would get the frozen lemonade slush. (since they had no non-alcoholic beer)Lots of tipping and we didn't mind, but I must say that by thetime we got to the airport on the way home and paid a tip to one of the 12 porters that scrambled to carry our bags 10 ft. to the checkout line, and then another tip to the maid in the bathroom who pointed at her tip basket.........we had had enuf of that.All told we had a great time and may go back if they get control' of those pesters called timeshare salespeople.....very annoying persistent day in and day out. Gorgeous beaches, wonderful weather, sweet hard working maids........  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>KittyCat67
<Content>The best wedding venue ever!!!! I recently gotfrom Ocean Blue, we stayed there from May 21st to May 28th, and got married on the beach on May 25th.First of all, the weather was wonderful,hot and sunny, we stayed in the honeymoon suite, and it was worth every penny, it was just perfect, and totally exceeded my expectations. In the elite club, they really look after their guests, anything you need day or night, the wonderful staff will get it for you.The main sports bar was always full, and the good atmosphere made it our local,and you can sit outside whenever you want.The Las Palmeras swim up bar was right outside our villa, and had the best swim up bar, with the nicest barman, Pablo.The beach really is as white as it looks on pictures, only thing is you do get plagued by the locals in their stalls along the beach.We got married on Friday evening on the beach, and it was still hot and sunny, the photos were picture perfect.We had a wedding dinner for 15 in La Cana Beach restaurant, it was really top class, it was all free, and we got 3 bottles of champagne for the toast for free too.The only thing disappointing about the whole trip was the horse riding, which we thought was half an hour along the beach, but we were taken 1 hours drive in the middle of nowhere to El Rancho, and were taken out on the horses for 2 hours, which was too long for a beginner like me!It is not a romantic moonlit horseback ride on the beach you get, just to be aware, so if you dont have the full day free, just say no!!!Overall, we really enjoyed our stay there, we had never been to the Caribbean or gone all inclusive before, but it is well worth the money, and I have truly unique wedding photos!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>4283099
<Content>Great Experience - Little risk!       Housing is modern and clean  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Modesta73
<Content>Super time at the Ocean Blue! I just got back from five days at the Ocean Blue/ Sands. We were there from May 25 through May 30, and had an absolutely amazing time. I loved, loved, loved the beach at the resort. After reading all the complaints, I was nervous, but what I now realize is that some people are never happy, and that others have ridiculous expectations. We arrived on the afternoon of May 25, took about 20 minutes to check in, and then headed to the room, then to the beach. The beach is one of the best I have ever seen, with warm clear water and wide expansives of pink sand. There are plenty of chairs and shady spots, especially, if you get out of bed before 9 AM. The beach bars don't have much of a wait. A dollar tip will get you a stronger drink. I highly recommend a bubba keg or some sort of insulated mug to keep your drinks cold. No matter how dark you are, do not go to the resort with anything less than 15 SPF (and the gift shop is very expensive, and only takes cash. You want that money for fun stuff). You will be badly, badly burned. I am a pretty dark skinned black person; my friend who went with me is an olive skinned white girl. We both found the sun to be incredibly strong, and spent much of our time underneath the beach shelters, when we weren't in the water. Bring more sunscreen than you think you need. The rooms were clean, but they did have a musty smell upon walking in...I lit a candle, and it was fine. Here's some news: humid areas often have that smell. You get used to it. It stops bothering you. If that smell is a deal breaker, you should probably never visit the Carribbean, or the U.S. Deep South, in the summertime. I didn't have any more problems with bugs than I have in the summertime in Virginia. I found the food at the resport to be fine, and enjoyed the breakfast buffet the most. The italian and beach grill were OK as well. We paid to go to El Bodegon, and were not disappointed. I am a food snob, being a native of New Orleans. I don't think anywhere else in the western hemisphere has as a good of food as New Orleans does. Everyone needs to get it in their head that: 1) you are at an all-inclusive resort that must prepare food for thousands of people from around the world. It will not be as good as if you are spending $400-$500 a night to stay at a Westin, or one of the nicer non-inclusives. If you want flawless gourmet meals along with your spectacular beach, then go someplace else and spend a lot more money. The point of this place is a beautiful beach for a reasonable price. The service was pleasant; there could be the occasional lapse, but I was on vacation and I'm not Type A, so the rare lapse didn't really trouble me. I do wish that I had taken a spanish dictionary, and/ or I spoke spanish. But as I told one of the waiters, his english was way better than my spanish. And, I remembered that I was in a foreign country, so I tended to not be annoyed when the english was lacking.A smile and a dollar will get you most of what you need at the Ocean Blue. Just stay outside, and you'll be happy. We will definitely go back.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Rodfan
<Content>It was okay. Just returned monday from the holiday weekend at Ocean Blue. It was okay. the positives were the beautiful beach, pretty huge pools, clean and adeqate room. The room is very, very dark, I had seen this mentioned by others and thought how dark can it be? It's way to dark, you can't read at night. One wash cloth for 3 people, haha. Not a biggie, but I had to metion it, I thought it was funny when others put that in their review. The not so good, food and service. I didn't like that you don't make reservations for dinner, all the restaurants are right next to each other and it was always a crowd gathered and waiting at the same spot for dinner. Also the pool temperature was so warm, it was not very refreshing at all. Bring plenty of sunscreen, the shaded areas at the beach are not really shaded, it's just a mesh type cloth hanging over some wooden poles, not much protection from the sun at all. The lobby is having construction done right now, this was disappointing because we could not really sit and relax in the lobby which we love to do and have done many times at the other resorts in Punta cana. I love Punta cana and plan to return in July, we are going to another resort, I would not return to Ocean Blue. We had perfect weather and it was not crowded at all.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Tineo
<Content>Great for family vacations! My family and I spent a 7 nights at Ocean blue (from May 20-May 27). My family includes, my husband and 11 month old son.Checking was fast, but our room was not ready for until almost 4pm and hanging out with a baby that needed a diaper change was a bit challenging. Other than that, it was good.The rooms: Big, spacious and the maid always cleaned them. My only recommendation if you have babies is to request a room in the first floor as they do not have elevators. Also, you can request a crib at no charge and your baby can sleep very comfortable in it.The food: Was the best part of the hotel. They have a good amount of restaurants with my favorite being La Brasa. The buffett had a good variety and you never got tired as everyday, there was a different theme.the pools: Big and never too crowded. You can have a pleasant time with your loved ones. The bars: There is always plenty to drink everywhere you go and you will never be thirsty.What I loved: The foodwhat I wasn't too happy about: the hotel is big and they have a courtesy shuttle that takes you around. Unfortunately, the shuttle drives by the area where pedestrians are walking (which to me meant watch your back as these cars are always coming up and down).Overall it is a good hotel and would consider going back with my family at another time. Hope I was able to help out!Susan  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Beach_LoverAnnapolis
<Content>Great Resort- bad food  We got a good deal on a 6 day/5 night stay - May 20th week.The resort and the grounds are beautiful and in great shape. The people who worked there were nice. It is very very helpful to know some Spanish. The rooms were clean and we had no problems with that. Four of our biggest let downs are: 1. Food: I couldn't wait to eat my heart out and get my money's worth but much to my dismay, much of the food had a funny taste or aftertaste. The food didn't always taste bad, just off and it was hard to tell if it's is due to the quality of the ingredients, or maybe they used substitutions or it could have been strange recipes or maybe they cater to a European flare. Food you would assume would be good didn't taste right: scrambled eggs, orange juice, cheese burger, ice cream, pancakes and pizza (with tuna topping-yuk). Do try the banana juice - it was awesome! We suggest that you try little samples of things before you load up your plate at the buffet. The Rt 66 and Mexican restaurants weren't that great either. We didn't go to the pay restaurants that so we don't know what that food was like. 2. Drinks: By the end of the week we know how to properly order a drink. You must specify everything about how you want the drink prepared. For frozen drinks, you must tell them with extra ice in the blender and rum. Otherwise it was just like a slushy or a juice. It might be easiest to stick to simple drinks; rum and coke or vodka orange juice. Also, at the end of the week we saw that some of the bars had bottled beer hiding in their cooler. Ask for a corona-you might get it if you give them a tip. 3. Promotions: We were tired of being hassled to come to the promotional meeting on buying a membership to a travel club. They stand outside of the big buffet restaurant waiting for you and they walk around the resort and talk to you while you're sitting at the bar or the pool. They were friendly enough but just annoying at times. 4. The disco doesn't open until 11pm so there's a lull between dinner and dancing. There's not much to do and it's hard to keep up the energy until it opens.That's about it. If the resort improves their food and drinks, I would consider going back but I think that from now on, if I travel to a foreign country, I'll probably stay at a Club Med or Sandals resort.EE from the US  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JasonEdmontonAlberta
<Content>Couldn't pay me to go back Context of visit:Couple in early 30s spent 7 nights at the Ocean Blue from May 10-17. The purpose of our trip was a friends wedding, which in turn brought a total of 24 people down Canada.Tour Company:We went through Transat Vacations and during our second day we met with their representative Andre, who during his presentation made allthe paid excursions sound amazing. We went on 3 of the excursions, the Bavarro Runners (fun with lots of rum), the Maranarium (was OK) and the shopping trip for cigars and jewelry. The shopping trip was horrible, we were taken to a small shop owned by a 鈥淐anadian鈥?that only had expensive, overpriced jewelry and overpriced cigars. I overheard the owner bad mouthing past visitors for not buying enough and wasting her time. Room:Our room was in Villa 8 and had an uncomfortable king size bed. We had to beg, plead and tip to try and get beer in our fridge and in most cases got nothing. The more we asked for beer the less beer we saw. Food:We spent most of our stay eating at the main buffet and the buffet bythe beach, which both were good. But, we found it frustrating that you could not book reservations for the restaurants, so you would have to stand in line for up to 1 hour to eat. The Overtime Sportsbarhad wings everynight around 11pm which were good. WARNING: My wife ended up in the Punta Cana Medical Clinic the last night we were there with a parasite from something she had eaten at the resort. The medical staff at the resort were informative and quick to react as I called them at 2:30am. We were taken to the clinic and were given a private room and my wife began IV within 30 minutes of arriving. We were given pretty good care and my wife is now feeling better.Entertainment:We spent most of our nights in the Casino, we lost most nights but would have lost more if the blackjack dealers would have been a little friendlier.Wedding:The wedding on the beach was amazing, it took about 10 minutes and other than the naked tourists from other resorts pretty much being in the wedding party it was a very beautiful wedding.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	1	3	

<Author>JGTruth23
<Content>Best Vacation To Date...       The entertainment staff (the best)  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>GatorFanSarasota
<Content>Enjoyed Ocean Blue My husband  I just returned from a relaxing, wonderful week at Ocean Blue. After reading some negative reviews we arrived with reservations at what we might find. We had a wonderful surprise in store. The lobby is magnificent, the grounds pristine. There is gorgeous marble  tile work everywhere. Our Jr Suite (Villa 9) was very clean  well decorated. The bathroom was lovely. We requested Villa 9 for the proximity to the pool. In hindsight it wasn't a good choice for us--you hear all the activities going on (water exercises, contests, etc.) A minor negative is that our room was frequently not cleaned until late afternoon. We brought some 100 watt light bulbs  needed them for bedside reading.We enjoyed the selection of food offerings at the 2 Buffets--B'fast was especially good. The fresh fruit was terrific! We ate at the other restaurants--very good, but not excellent. We adored going to Mike's for coffee  dessert each evening. That's the only place that has newspapers. I had a great time negotiating on prices with the local vendors selling their wares on the beach. (I paid $30 for a necklace that $120 was the asking price!)The entertainment was more than adequate. We especially enjoyed the Sax player in the lobby. The Spa services were outstanding!!! My husband had a great hour relaxation massage  I had a hot stone massage which was beyond fabulous!! The prices were certainly in-line.We spent alot of time on the beach  poolside. There was always ample chairs. However, during the weekend the guest count soars.We would highly recommend taking the Road Truck Adventure trip. It gave us an opportunity to learn something about this beautiful country. We learned about sugar cane, coffee, cocoa  cigar making. We saw local villages  people. We also enjoyed a snorkeling adventure booked through the company right on the beach where you get your towels. This excursion is limited to 8-10 people max so you get alot of attention. Other snorkeling companies are huge  they do not even provide life jackets!!!We had a terrific time  would highly recommend this resort.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tonysgirl1011
<Content>loved this resort!!!!!!! First of all, let me say that the ocean blue and the ocean sand are one and the same resort! Why they are sometimes differentiated is just confusing and irrelevant. The entire property is rectangular shaped, with the bldgs. 1-6 on one side (ocean blue), and bldgs. 7-10 on the other (ocean sand). These make up the long sides of the rectangle. The lobby is one of the short sides, and the beach is the other. Most of the restaurants and other attractions are up near the lobby, but the 2 beachfront restaurants are, needless to say, on the beach. This is a large resort (700+ rooms) but not large enough that you couldn't walk, but there is a tram going around about 5-6 times an hour, if you like. The grounds are absolutely beautiful, and are always being maintained. The rooms are large and clean, but nothing out of the ordinary, with everyone having a balcony, either facing the inside of the resort, or facing the outside. Of course, poolviews are going to be nicer, so if the resort is not full, request a pool view, or a view facing the inside of the resort. The bathrooms are large, with marble, and although many other reviewers complain of hot water lacking, we did not have any problems, and I believe the resort was pretty full when we were there.The restaurants-We ate at the buffet most of the time, beacuse there was never a line, and it was very well air conditioned, and they had a wonderful selection. Of course, you can't please all of the people all of the time, but having a broad selection of all different types of food is the safest way to go. There are 2 buffets for lunch, but only one for dinner (unless you paid a premium rate for your room-we didn't-so not sure about that.) There are about 5-6 other restaurants that do not take reservations, but I noticed that simetimes there was a line and you would have to come back in say 45 minutes, so we just stayed at the buffets most of the time.The pools-There are 2 humongous pools, each with a large swim up bar. The pool closest to the beach is called the yellow pool because the chairs are yellow. This is where all of the activities take place, so thus it is the louder of the 2. The other pool, the blue pool, (soft blue cushions on the chairs) is further away from the beach, but much quieter. The only thing I missed was the resort did not provide and pool rafts or floaties. So if you like to lounge on a raft or a tube, bring your own!. The one thing i have to say about the pools is that there is some kind of design on the bottom of the pools, and the tiles are different colors, and where the tiles are darker blue, the water does not look as pretty as the areas where the tiles are the pretty lighter blue. It almost looks as if the water is dirty, and it isn't, but the color of the tiles, leads you to think that maybe the water is not clear. I would highly recommend anyone who ever puts a pool in their yard, put tiles underneath that will make the water look crystal clear and blue! Tjere is shopping on the beach right next to the hotel, about 25-30 huts, but make sure you bargain with the vendors. They will lower their prices about 50% if you do.The beach is absolutely GORGEOUS!!!!!!! This is one of the best beaches I have ever seen, and we are seasoned Caribbean travelers. The water is crystal clear and blueish-green, and the sand is soft and white. Sometimes there was some grass floating in the waters, but not much, and sometimes there was not a blade of grass to be seen. This beach is more beautiful than the beaches at some other PC resorts. The DR does not have jet skiing, but this resort provides banana boating for only $7 per person. That is unbelievably cheap- In Jamaica and St. Thomas we paid 20-25 per person.The casino is tiny with just a few BJ tables and about 75-100 slots, but if you have the need to gamble, at least you can. It is only open at night though.The entertainment is-well I can honestly say I did not go there for the nightlife, so I did not go to any of the shows, so I really do not know what to say regarding that. I am sure they are average Caribbean shows for an all inclusive resort. There is a disco opening about 9 at nite, but never visited it. There is music in the lobby at nites if you want to just sit there abd enjoy a drink, and a few people got up and danced, though not many.There is a bowling alley and pool tables if you want to occupy some time with that. Each room is given one free pass for a game of bowling, but after that, it costs a couple of dollars.All in all, this is not a Ritz-Carlton or a 4 Seasons, but is is a gorgeous resort with the pricetag of about half of those two. It is also one of the most reasonably priced in PC. We tried to book a different resort with the same trip and it was about 1600 more. We will be making many more returns to this resort in the future-God willing.Take lots of $1 bills and tip accordingly, they are most appreciative of this.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tomandmae
<Content>BEAUTIFUL!!! my fiance and i just got back last night....before we left i read these reviews and i think they left a couple things out...we stayed from may13th to the 19th...deff not enough time....we are both 19 but we arent the crazy party type...which was good because this resort had a mixture of both...Entering the country you have to pay $10 dollars each and fill out a visitors pass. Check in... we checked in 2 hours too early and we wernt alowed to have our room yet even if it was ready...but we just changed in the bath rooms and went to the beachPool: Pools were nice...1st one is quieter....beware if your not used to topless women....we werent and it was gross...95% of the women that went topless were older and really fat. dont worry if you think your on the heavier side because thats the majorityBeach: absolutely beautiful!!!! im fair skinned and i was fine with SPF 30 as long as you put it on regularly. its ok to leave your purse or anything under your beach towel on your chair so you can walk around....its fine...i did this all week and nothing was ever touched...i dont know where people get the idea that there is not enough beach chairs....our resort was at its capacity on friday and saturday and there were plenty of chairs...even inthe shade!Restuarants: we went to every resturant except for the wine one that you had to pay for....lobster on the beach was great....but by far the dominican was our favorite...try the fresh fish!!! we HATED the margarita mexican one...it took them an hour just to get us menus and water!!! the food was unedible....they brought my fiance's out and forgot totally about my dinner!! and you would think that thye would have good margaritas there...well they were horrible!!!Bars!!!! order a shot of MAMAJUANA!!! its great!!! but be careful if you buy the dry bottles to make it when you get home....they take them away at the airport...we had a carved coconut too and they would have taken that away too....yet we lied and said we didnt have any...they didnt even check our bags!!! also try a bahama mama!!! and if you tip the bar tender your drinks will be 3x is strong!Rooms: usual rooms....nothing to complain about...maybe bring a stronger light bulb if you like to read at night...very comfortable beds!!floors everywhere around resort get slippery when wet!Excursions: we did the Mountain Veiw Safari...it was AMAZINGi would do it ten more times!!! bring lots of candies and things for the children because you stop at a school house...bring enough for 30 kids and then some extra for the kids that you drive past.......hit up the dollar store...you will not believe how thankful these children will be....my fiance and i made little gift packs of toothbrushes, stickers, crayons and lollipops and two girls were so happy they ran after our safari truck just to give us flowers and they eventually jumped on!!! its amazing how people with so little are so happy....we also did the carribean festival snorkeling tour..it was alot of fun...they took us swimming with sharks and stingrays....yet the reef wasnt that good....its a huge party boat...not good for families with young children...Resort: everyone was so willing to help us and everyone was so kind...we are deffinatly starting to save for our next trip!! make sure you dont drink the water....dont even brush your teeth with it!!! make sure you bring imodium and benedryl!!! get involved with the games as much as possible!! they are really fun!!! bring alot of singles!!Buying things: if some one offers you $100 ask for $25... we pretty much went by what we thought it was worth...they will rip you off every chance they can get CHEAPY CHEAPY PRICE FOR YOU thats what they say,,,,and they ALL have calculators!! :) stick with your price and i promise you...they will give you a good deal..and if they say 30 and you say 20 and they wont move their price down...say i dont want it then and start to walk away....and they will say a lower price! its all games!! just stay on top and come in strong and they wont take advantage of you!!!any questions email me at [--]  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>keithontheshore
<Content>Don't eat the Food !! We (a group of 4 couples) stayed at Ocean Blue May 11th thru 18th. This is the fourth resort we have been to in four years, always being more impressed each year. On about the second day we noticed stomach problems and tried to eat and drink more cautiously. The problems contiued, with one of our group getting so sick he was running a high fever and dehydrated quickly from diareah and vomitting, the staff doctor had to visit him in his room and start him on three medications, and fluids. I never got that sick , but have had extreme pain in my gut that reaccours about an hour after eating anything. I've been home for three days and still have discomfort. We have never had these problems at any other resort. The service was fair in the beginning of our week , but fell off noticably towards the end. It seemed as if the staff favored the newly arriving guest for several days, and guaged there service on your tipping practices. In general the bar staff was over worked and un happy. The entertainment staff was warm and friendly, but there programs leave alot to be desired. My last complaint was the astetics of this place. Plants were withered or dead, although the grounds were clean they lacked the beauty we have come to expect. This resort is very new, but it doesn't look it. Our bathroom had broken tile on the bathtub, very sharp and dangerous. The shower leaked and soaked the floor ,running towards the middle of the bathroom instead of the drain under the sink. The ceiling fan rattled as did the TV speaker.Maid service was fair but we still had to search for towels and face cloths often. Sidewalks are damaged and a remove and replace project was going on in the lobby the last two nights we were there..with hammering lasting until 8:30 pm.As you might gather I do not recomend this particular resort and I'm not sure we will go back to Punta Cana..Sometimes things that grow too fast are never the same again.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmarroncelli
<Content>Objective Review Context of visit:Couple in early 20s spent 7 nights at the Ocean Blue. The purpose of our trip was for relaxation and fun. During our visit, the hotel was filled to about half capactiy.Tour Copmany:We went through Apple Vacations and highly recommend them. At Ocean Blue, Apple has their own villa, villa 5. This villa is very close to the pools and the ocean. Also, an English speaking Apple representative was present at the reception desk in our villa from 8 am till 7 pm (very convenient). Room:We did not upgrade to the elite club, however, we were glad we did not. Our room was beautiful and large (2 queen beds and 1 sofa). The bathroom was adorned in beautiful tiles and had a large jacuzzi tub. We had a private balcony. The fridge was stocked daily with beers, waters, 7 up, and Coke. We brought brighter lightbulbs and were glad that we did. The lightbulbs int he room are dim to the point that I wouldn't have been able to read at night. Cleanliness:The resort was constantly being cleaned. Spotless at all times. The maids also cleaned the rooms thoroughly (they even washed the floors every single day). However, the maids would frequently not come until later in the afternoon (4ish - my naptime). Beach:Gorgeous. Warm clear water. Plenty of lounge chairs in the shade or in the sun. If you walk towards the left on the beach you will come across many beach vendors. Pay 30% of the vendor's initial offers. They are extremely pushy and agitating so if you don't feel like haggling, then don't shop there. *Ocean Blue does not allow these vendors to bother you on their beach so you can avoid them if you want to. If you enjoy windsurfing then pay the $40 for the week at the waterfront cabin and you can go every day for an hour. Pools:2 beautiful pools. The yellow pool is the loud pool where they have pool volleyball, aerobics, and other games. The blue pool is the quiet pool. There are beautiful pool bars in both of the pools. Plenty of lounge chairs. Warm water. Jacuzzi tubs attached to each pool.Food:Much better than we were told to expect. It is certainly not like the food at home, but it is good. The Dominican restaurant and the Italian restaurant were our favorites. Route 66 (the American restaurant) is the worst of the restaurants. The buffet was okay, particularly good for breakfast. We never got sick, and we certainly didn't go hungry. The food could use a little more variety. Also, men had to wear pants to the Dominican and Italian restaurants. This rule seems silly because they allow men who are wearing long jeans in, but they do not allow men who are wearing nice khaki shorts in. Free wine with dinner. Drinks were strong and they had good liquors. We didn't go to any of the pay restaurants because we were content with the free ones. Entertainment:Daily activities were fun. They had structured games of volleyball, boche, horseshoes, and darts. The staff really tried to get everyone involved, and they loved what they were doing. Sometimes they loved it too much, and you felt pressured to play a game when you didn't want to. Kayaking is free. Take advantage of it. We didn't go to any of the nightly shows. Just never seemed to get around to it. The casino is very small. We went there 3 nights, but always lost. We went to the disco once. Nice little club. The staff gets everyone dancing. Every Saturday night, they have a white party, in which you must wear white clothes. They have a store that sells white clothes, but if you don't want to spend money, then bring your own. Every night they have live music in the lobby. It is very good.Layout of Resort:The resort is the ideal size. Small enough to walk from one end (the beach) to the other end (the lobby) in 10 minutes. They have a shuttle, but we never used it. Service:Service at the restaurants and the bars was as quick as it is at home. I'm not sure if it is always this quick, or if the speed was a result of the small amount of guests. The staff were very friendly. A small tip goes a long way. We brought $150 in ones and spent every last one. We tipped after almost every meal, but never felt obligated to. We also left money for our maid. Salesmen:The sales people are the only strong negative aspect of this resort. The time shares sales people can be easily avoided by simply walking away. There are other sales people that walk that paths trying to sell you excursions to parks off of the resort. These people aren't allowed to bother you at the beach, pools, or restaurants, and they never broke this rule. However, no one wants to be bothered on vacation. The sales people are an annoyance.Excursions:We did only 1 excursion, the four wheeling trip through Apple. We rode four wheelers across the beach and swam in the Caribbean sea. The excursion cost $120 for the 2 of us to share one ATV and lasted for about 3 and a half hours. THe trip was worth it. On the beach, another company tries to sell a four wheeling excursion that is $20 less. However, their trip takes you on the streets of the Dominican, which are barely safe for cars. Also, the Apple rep informed us that these companies create fake insurance papers and are not actually insured. So just be careful when you choose any excursion.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Notjack1
<Content>2nd Great trip to Ocean Blue My husband and I just returned from our 2nd trip to Ocean Blue Gold  Beach Resort. (5-7 / 5-17) This was our 7th trip to the Dominican Republic and we've recommended several resorts here to family, friends and co-workers. One of the best parts of any vacation are the people you meet there and the friends you retain afterwards. Once again we were blessed with meeting many great people. Hola! Tassie  Chris, Aaron  Kelly, Ruth  Nobby and all the other friends Jack and I met while there!! We miss you already.This time around we did an extended trip of 10 Nights 11 days instead of the standard week we usually do. What a difference those 3 extra days make.  As I said in my previous review of this resort, the grounds are beautiful and well cared for. The pools (our fav spot) are perfect in depth and temp and each come with a swim up bar (God bless the man who invented those!!). One of the people who stands out at this resort is Ramon. He was our favorite bar tender at the swim-up bar on the Yellow side. Ramon truelly made our stay special and kept us well stocked (sometimes two at a time) on drinks and laughs. Each day I'd walk up to the bar and be greated with  Sweetie, Amaretto (My drink of choice). How nice to have someone remember that after only one order! He gave us great service, search him out when you are there and you'll be glad you did.As to the food, we found all of it tasty both in the buffet and the specialty rests. We did not try the 2 that require a suppliment but we did dine in all the included resturants and found the Dominican (La Casa) to be the best of the bunch. Never had Garlic shrimp that tasted soo good. The steaks at Route 66 were very good as well and the Italian was our 2nd fav.One of the things we like best about the DR are the people. it's a big part of the reason we keep going back! They are very warm and friendly and genuinely will do anything they can to make your stay more enjoyable. You're always greated with a warm Hola! as you pass anyone on the resort. Sometimes you get issues with the language barrier (I speak maybe 15 words of spanish but do just fine), PATIENCE is everything. Relax and enjoy the ride. If you can't get someone to understand what you need you can usually find someone in Guest Services or Reception who can help. We travel with Apple Vacations so we always have a rep onsite and this makes things easier but the hotel staff is very helpfull too. I'm a picky eater (my hubby will try anything once) and I always find plenty to eat here. Neither of us has ever gotten sick from the food here or any of the other resorts weve been to in the DR. We take meds just in case but have never needed them. A few recommendations to avoid problems.Watch your intake of: Alcohol (obviously) but also watch out for too much Coconut and Pineapple. Either one, in excess, will have you in the bathroom and feeling pretty miserable. Drink plenty of water, it's very hot and you can dehidrate very quickly. Alcohol only makes this worse. Also, as others have said, TAKE SUN SCREEN. I don't care how dark you are, you will burn. You'll need at least a 30 in the DR. I used a 45 -50 and still got a burn though not as bad as some I saw.We're already thinking about going back to Ocean Blue later this year and would / have recommended it to anyone who asks.Hope your trip is as wonderful as ours was.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jim_Cheryl
<Content>Relaxing vacation My husband and I (ages 46 and 34) stayed at the Ocean Blue from May 6-11th. The entire trip was great and the Ocean Blue was a fine resort to stay at. I will not repeat too much from the other reviews, but will simply state that we found the rooms, food, and service to all be excellent. We stayed in room 4310- very centrally located in my opinion- perfect for us. We did bring a light bulb and were glad we did as the lighting in the room is dim. Neither of us got sick at all, and we ate and drank more than we probably should have. It rained for one entire day of our stay, but we just used that day to hang out at the swim up bar most of the day. The other days it rained about 10 minutes at most each day, so don't let the weather forecast frighten you (it predicted T-storms for the entire time we were there). We went mainly to relax and spend some time in warm weather... mission accomplished... so we did not attend any of the shows or go to the disco. We did hang out in the lobby bar for awhile each evening, and that was a very nice environment. I'm pretty sure we were back up in the room each night by 10 pm though, so I have no idea how the nightlife is. One thing that was a pleasant surprise for us was that we were able to hook up our portable DVD player to the TV (many resorts we've been to in the past have older tv's and this wasn't possible) and watched a movie each night before going to bed. We did see some activities (volleyball, bocce ball, etc.) going on, but it appeared 'less active' than resorts we've been to in the past. This was okay for us, as our intentions were to relax and not participate in too much anyway. But I think that for someone who is a bit more active and looking for lots of stuff to do (ie- not satisfied with just laying around on the beach, by the pools, or being in the pools) you could be disappointed. Hopefully this review helps- if you want to e-mail me with any questions, feel free. ( cahill@wi.rr.com ) All in all we had a great vacation and would recommend this resort. It was especially nice that the resort was only about 50% (or maybe less) full.... never had to wait for a thing, and was not at all crowded.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ragpop
<Content>Not the place for a quiet getaway We have just returned from staying at this hotel and although we enoyed our holiday there, there were some bad points. To get to the hotel, you have to drive past all the building sites. the entrance to the hotel is as usual an open building based around the main bar area. This then opens up into what I would call a town square area set around 2 small lakes. This consists of the restaurants La Bodegon, the Italian restaurant, route 66 American themed retaurant, a Sports Bar, a Mexican restaurant, La Casa restaurant. There is also a Casino and bowling alley as well as shops and the entertainment theatre. This then opens out to the main buffet restaurants and then follows through a tree lined avenue with musical rocks which then leads down to the 2 pools jacuzzis, beach restaurants and bars.The Rooms - We were initally placed in a ground floor room in villa 8 overlooking the service road. Please be warned, the rooms are very badly lit, it was so bad we couldnt see to unpack, so we didnt bother. We asked to be relocated and thanks to our travel Rep we were eventually moved to villa 5 overlooking the pool area, room number 5217. This was a lot lighter as the room furniture was cream and not dark wood - however the lighting is still poor in the room very hard to apply make up. Each villa has 2 sides and is divided by an internal courtyard with water features or plants. Our room had a shower over the jacuzzi and although we heard lots of complaints about pressure or temperature we didnt have any problems with our shower. The rooms are cleaned very well.The Pools - there are 2 very large pools each with its own swim up bar. These were the warmest pools we have ever swum in. One pool is surrounded by blue padded loungers and parasols, the other is surrounded by the normal unpadded yellow loungers.Transport - There is a small shuttle which travels around the resort which is quite handy.Food - we ate in all restuarants apart from La Bodegon and the seafood beach restaurants. Although there is a large selection, we would consider it average with a couple of exceptions, the steaks in Route 66 were good, also the Tenderloin in La Brisa near the beach was good. However there doesnt seem to be a consistent quality as far as food was concerned, somedays vegetables were nearly raw, other days they were cooked but cold. the breakfast selection was good, you can even have Cava, and smoked salmon.Service - this was failry good, but the hotel was half empty whilst we were there, so dread to think what it would be like if fully booked.Evening Entertainment - there are the usual shows, but these are repeated each week, so if you are staying for 2 weeks as we did, this does get boring. There is an entertainer in the main lobby bar, but this does tend to clash with when the show is taking place, so can get noisy. It is possible to sit outside in the square, but they could do with creating a quiet non smoking bar area.Beach Area - there are lots of sunbeds on the beach and quite a few shaded areas. The swimming area is cordoned off and some of the boats do pass quite closely to the swimmers.Gripes Yes the timeshare people are a pain.We got food poisioning after visiting Saona island on the Cateraman trip. We did have upset stomachs after a couple of meals in the restaurants. The noise from other guests who did not control their children and showed little consideration for other guests when returning back to their rooms in the evening.It seems to be a custom of the Americans  Canadians to bring thermal jugs to contain drinks and then just stand about near the pool bar getting louder and louder during the course of the day. I have never seen so many people having to be helped back to their rooms because they have had too much to drink. The hotel is not wearing very well for its age, lots of tiles are missing from the pool, be careful when walking through the main lobby area as the tiled floor dips and drops in some areas. Also the sockets do have a tendency to pull out of the walls. Saying that, they are always trying to maintain the hotel and it was always sparkling clean. The toilet areas in particular were immaculate.So on the whole not a bad place to stay, but not the best, this is a shame, because the staff are very friendly.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>tracyvalaris
<Content>okay but i would not return We stayed at the ocean blue May 6 to the 13th, when we got to the hotel at noon we found out we could not get our room until 3pm. The grounds were very nice but the food was not that great. in a couple of the resturants we would order an item and it would not come as discribed in the menu the food was not very tasty. Mikes coffee house was the best its just like star bucks, if you go to Mikes ask for the cheese cake its the best desert in the entire resort but they do not display it. All the other deserts were not very tasty. The room was very hummid leaving you clothes smelly and looking like they came out of a hamper. The beach was nice. we always got a shadded area. we traveled with our 2 year old daughter she napped for 2 hours under a palm tree everyday. The drinks were good Ramone is a good bartender he works at the swim up bar in the pool with yellow chairs. The staff was all very nice. We went to manitti park it was good untill the ride home they put us on a school bus it was so hot and we were on there for over an hour because we had to go pick people up at other resorts if i knew this i would have taken a cab back. the water was very warm in the ocean and pool. It was an ok trip but we like mexico beter.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>mchelle
<Content>...so I loved the blue skies        Palm trees on the beach.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Newretirees
<Content>Ocean Blue was fab! This was our first experience with all-inclusives and we loved the resort. From check-in to check-out everything was handled very well. The grounds are attractive and spotlessly maintained. The staff were all genuinely helpful--with one or two exceptions.I had read such variations about the food at all-inclusives that I was somewhat apprehensive. One of the reasons for selecting Ocean Blue was because its reviews were generally good. It exceeded my expectations. If you are looking for gourmet, this may not please you, but if you go in expecting the kind of menus typical of cruises, you will not be disappointed. Two of the restaurants charged additional fees, but we were fully satisfied with those included. We especially liked the Dominican restaurant. The buffets always seemed to be well stocked with something for everyone.The bartenders were very generous and always kept the drinks flowing, We were impressed that you could get name brand liquor so it was not just cheap booze. The activities staff had things for guest to do if they chose, or there were plenty of quiet areas for those who preferred relaxation.The only problems we encountered were that some facilities didn't abide by the stated times for opening or closing. So that on a couple of occasions we arrived expecting breakfast only to find the restaurant had already closed. The disco closed an hour early. Our friends had trouble with the kids' club closing ahead of schedule.All in all we loved it and intend to make all inclusive resorts an annual event!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>tripz2007
<Content>Beautiful Resort........food not so good My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Blue from May 3rd - May 10th 2007. We are in our early 30's and wanted to go away to someplace warm so we could lay on the beach and just relax. The All-Inclusive part of the vacation was what convinced us to go to the Dominican Replublic over another caribbean island.The resort was gorgeous!! The beach was the best part.....loved it. The pools were huge, just not sure if they were being filtered correctly....there were little particles floating in the water :(The rooms were standard hotel rooms with a large balacony and nice size bathroom. House keeping was very friendly; they cleaned/washed floors and restocked the refrigerator every day. There were many restaurants to chose from however, I would recommend eating at the buffet. It seemed to have the best selection of food. We actually didn't care for any of the food there. Maybe because we are used to home cooked meals and don't tend to go out to eat alot. Seems that they cook everything in Dominican Spices which didn't really agree with us. Don't eat the burgers......not quite sure what meat they made it with but they didn't taste the way a burger is supposed to taste....LOLLoved Mike's Cafe for a cafe latte or espresso.....There is a small casino and bowling that was fun. Definitely wear sunscreen! My husband didn't and got major sunburn the first day. Some hotel employees walk around with umbrellas to protect themselves from the sun since it is so strong there. The weather was great while we were there it was in the upper 80's everyday and it only rained one day we were there. Overall the resort is beautiful, well kept and the employees are very friendly. Very disapointed with the food but it seemed that there were alot of other people enjoying it so maybe it was just us?  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>anti
<Content>Wonderful Resort A + We went Easter week. We are a childless couple in our early 60's who travel alot and like to stay in very clean, comfortable, above average resorts. We are not real demanding or complaining people, but we do like our reasonable requests to be met and I can say they were........ I will list my opinion by categories:: 1. ----- LAYOUT---- The buildings look quaint and are well taken care of.....The greenery is lush and is lanscaped beautifully. The grounds are clean and the landscaping is quite beautifUL......The inner courtyard is just lovely ....The resort is small enough ti walk to everything, although a shuttle was available for those who can't or prefer not to walk.......You can hop one about every 10 minutes at the most..........2.-----POOLS (two)-----Beautiful, clean, can be cool at times, 2 great pool bars with wonderful drinks, some top shelf liquor and very drinkable champagne available..(Yea! my drink ) .Chairs avaiable, although I went out early (around 8 am) and placed towels where I wanted to sit, but there are many, many chairs available.......3.-----FOOD-----Didn't eat at the restaurants so I can't comment, but the buffets were great. ( one within the development, one on the beach) great selection of all kinds of food........flavorful, but not over seasoned ( We are pretty bland eaters so their food selection appealed to us) I think they go middle of the road because when you cook for large crowds you have to appeal to all....Some spicy, garlicky lovers may hate this type of cooking........WE DIDN'T...........4-----ROOMS----- Clean, large , saw 1 bug.,,,husband killed it...didn't see any more ( we were on the first floor as requested maybe thats why we saw a bug...other friends did not..they were on higher floors )...Bathroom clean , warm to hot water all week , no problem, Bed comfort average, Decor was below average, no musty smell.....MUST TAKE LIGHT BULBS LIGHTING VERY DIM ....5.-----ENTERTAINMENT-----Not much to say here...Evening stage entertainment was nice, something to do , but I preferred to sit in the lobby and drink champagne and listen to the music.......Casino is teeny, tiny.....we laughed, but it didn't stop us from playing for a short amount of time (gamblers always think they're going to win no matter what casino they are in !!,,,,There is also bowling and pool tables available.....6.-----BEACH-----Very clean, sometimes with a little seaweed, in the water some days without any, lots of chairs, nice beach for walking, can walk very far passing all the different resorts............-----OVERALL-----A CLEAN, COZY, RELAXING, COMFORTABLE RESORT......WE ENJOYED OUR STAY VERY MUCH AND PLAN ON GOING BACK THIS YEAR........HAVE NO DESIRE TO TRY OTHER RESORTS.....BY THE WAY, IF YOU ARE A PERSON WHO ENJOYS THEIR ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES, THEY ARE ALWAYS AVAILABLE ANY WHERE YOU GO IN THE RESORT INCLUDING THE POOL HALL AND THE SHOWS, ETC.......ENJOY YOUR TRIP!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Liette
<Content>Definitively for TEENS only? We arrive around 10:30 at night my husband and I. So at the Airport of Punta Cana we decided to take a Taxi ($33.00US) but the road to go there at night is pretty scary. Anyway I would not suggest to take a Taxi at night because they just speak spanish and you cant ask them where they are going.The reception is very nice on a first point a view, but small. Also on the weekend they have a lot of their clientele wich are from Punta Cana. We have tried to upgrade to the Elite Club on Friday night and all those local people had already taken the Elite for 2 days. This is very unfortunate that us Tourist are left out and can upgrade until Monday. THE ROOM 9217: Do not take this room it has that MUSTY Scent that does not go away even after 6 days. We had to buy a spray but this lasted 5 minutes. It was like sleeping in a cave. The room service is BAD cause we ask for towels at 4:30 never got them decided to go to the reception at 8:30 and never got them...we use the little ones. Also 2 double beds when we ask it was suppose to be a Queen BED??? We have a Kingf at home it was like sleeping in a single bed.FOOD: Average, we really liked to eat at Route 66 the steaks are good but the atmosphere is very loud.Entertainment: At the lobby great group of Jaz singers.Beach: Very beautiful and clean but full of young people and very noisy. Also boats passing every 5 minutes with the fuel scent this was not a nice thing to smelll so often.We would not go back to this RESORT at all we have made an error by letting the Travel Agent pick this one for us. I would say that this it is a place for people between 20 to 28 years old.Having been in November to the Paridisus Palma Real this is a 3 stars Resort. Every positive and negative reviews that I have been written are all true. Even the bad odor around the Lobby is due to the Septic Thank place to close to this Hotel and belonging to the resort next door. When we walk close to the Casino we can have a few bad snif.Pick another resort if you want service, nice room and not such a nasty smelling Resort (at the beach, in the room and around the lobby) .  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>2	4	1	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>caribKarl36
<Content>Ocean Blue rocks! I have taken three trips to The Dominican Republic, and all have been good trips. However, the last trip to the Ocean Blue was outstanding.  When they say all inclusive they mean ALL INCLUSIVE. Of course food and alcohol(even international brands) are, but I was not ready for customer service to be included too. The employees were very nice and helpful in all ways. The resort has alot of options, from bowling to many restaurants to two huge pools. Oh...and did I mention the two...yes TWO swim up bars. The other main favorite of mine, was the vast amount of English speaking people that vacation or work there. Though I know a little Spanish(and love to practice it while I am there), I value the fact that I have the option of communicating when my Spanish fails me. I have stayed at other resorts in Punta Cana that I could not communicate with hardly anyone there. So, if I can say one thing, it is this. The Ocean Blue ROCKS!  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mela1234
<Content>AN HONEST REVIEW My boyfriend and I (both in our early 20's) stayed at the Ocean Blue from May 8-13. Before booking the trip, I checked out numerous reviews so I only thought it would be fair to share our experience. We wanted a resort with decent food,beautiful beach,and nice atmosphere. We weren't really looking for much of a party placr. I have been to the Caribbean before, but this was his first time. Usually, I go to St. John and other places in the US  British Virgin Islands. I also experience top of the line food, drinks, and restaurants. I knew Ocean Blue was not going to be like this. We only wanted a get away for a short week before summer started because we didn't have much of a chance to get away for the rest of the summer. We weren't expecting the world. We only wanted the beach, pool, and good food. I knew the food wasn't going to be unbelievable but it wasn't even ENJOYABE. This may be long and tedious but I seriously want to give a full account of our stay.Day 1: We arrive and like you probably read are greeted with a blue signature Ocean Blue Drink.The lobby is absolutely GORGEOUS. At night, they have a band play music and everyone hangs out and drinks. No snacks though. We arrived around 1 and were told our rooms wouldn't be ready until 3. At 3 we arrive at our room. We were given a room that consisted of an unmade bed, bottle of opened wine, towels thrown all around. After complaining, we were given another room with the view of the parking lot. FINALLY, they moved us to a pool view room(villa 4205). We were happy with the room-I know how the Dominican Rep. is and I told my boyfriend not to let it annoy our trip. We went to the buffet to get some lunch. The food seemed to be ok, but it smelled bad. The next day it rained the entire day. We had absolutely nothing to do since Ocean Blue has no indoor activities other than a bowling alley with 5 lanes. We went bowling and had fun, we left after I saw a roach running around which I have never even seen anything like that in NYC (it is the Caribbean, they do have weird bugs so it is to be expected..I just got really sceeved out because usually you see bugs like that outdoors). Later that night I wasnt feeling well. We went to the Mexican restaurant and I asked for a Quesdilla and they didn't know what that was. The next day was fun because it was sunny. We had pictures taken of us on the beach from resort photographers, went shopping in the vendors (they are very flexible except for the guy in the 2nd vendor who refused to budge on anything). Please don't be naive and pay what they ask for...they think all of us Americans/Canadians/Europeans are stupid and our money is worth A LOT more than theirs. Also, their stuff isn't quality..we usually talked them down to around $5-10 depending on the item. Breakfast buffet isnt too bad. However, I got sick from being experimental with that food so by day 3 it was strictly toast and cream cheese for me. Lunch is absolutely terrible. The lunch buffet is GROSS. It may look good, but stay away from most of it..especially the hamburgers. Dinner is another bad meal. The mexican restaurant was ok, italian wasnt that bad, route 66 was absolutely UNEDIBLE. We ordered mozzarella sticks and got these rubbery play-do looking breaded things. The safest bet is to stick with the buffet, which we shouldve done. Again, I would be extremely careful only basically sticking to the pasta. By day 3 I was throwing up (mind you, we werent even drinking anything because we didn't feel that well the entire time we were there and alocohol would just make it worst). By the 4th and 5th days we were both sick to our stomachs on the toilet. The beach and pool are beautiful- but do wear sunscrean no matter how dark you are. We aren't fair-skinned and still got burnt so badly even with sunblock (it must not have been waterproof I don't know) So please be very careful because this is the first time I got so burnt in the Caribbean. We will not be returning to Punta Cana at all, although I hear there are more expensive better resorts. i'd rather pay a lot of extra money and go back to the BVI/UVI's. I'm really sorry if I upset anyone with this review. I seriously read numerous reviews before going and would get so angry when I saw a bad one. The people who rave about this place may not be used to the better things in life (NYC IS THE BEST FOOD). I am just trying to help. My boyfriend got a massage on the beach from some Dominican woman who had no idea what she was doing and he described it as torture. Again, I am not being finicky, this was a BAD time.Food= TerribleShows= Not so bad, very good dancersCasino= A joke, no one wins except the houseBowling=CutePool=GoodBeach=Beautiful  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>thunderkat13
<Content>"WOW! Amazing Resort. Definitely going back there! I have just returned from Ocean Blue after a 5 night stay. The resort was unbelievable. After extensively reading reviews on the resort, I showed up with a combat load of items people recommended and expecting an OK time. Boy was I wrong. After traveling all over the world, I would place this vacation spot right at the top of the heap. as one of the best vacations I ever had.Checking in: I arrived at the resort about noon and I went right to the check-in counter to ask if I could have an early check in. The receptionist was very friendly and accommodated me as soon as my room was ready. The service was great and I was received with a cold wash cloth and warm service. After I checked back with her, my room was ready and she went over the map of the resort with me. As long as you are friendly with the people in this resort, they will bend over backwards for you. I recommend attempting to speak Spanish with them. They definitely seemed more appreciative. As soon as I was done at the check in counter , a bell boy approached me and offered to take my bags. There was virtually no wait involved. He golf carted me right to my room. As I was sitting at the lobby bar I also noticed there are long carts there that pass every few minutes to take people around their resort. You don't need to walk anywhere if you don't want to. I saw a lot of the older guests using this service.Lobby Bar: Top shelf aplenty. I started out with coronas to cool off then moved on to mixed drinks. After a few beers, they pull out the larger mugs. The bartender followed baseball more closely than I did! I watched their pours and they were pretty standard but will make your drinks stronger if you ask. There was always live entertainment in the evening.ROOM: My room was in the #7 building, right next to the spa, medical facility, and buffet restaurant. Let me tell you, this room was immaculate. I actually looked around to see if I could find anything wrong with it but no dice. Great attention to detail. This is a relatively new resort so there's virtually no signs of wear and tear. The air is humid down there and the scent resembles a beach house. There were fresh towels every day. My fridge was stocked each day with extra items i had requested. I put a note down asking for extra bottles of water every day with a few bucks and every day that's what I got. They also stock it with beer and soda but after a long night of drinking, water was the way to go. I brushed my teeth with the tap and did not get sick. There was plenty of water pressure and hot water. There was nothing missing from my room since I used common sense not to leave stacks of money laying around. Either use the safe or just stick it in your suitcase with a lock on it, very simple. The air conditioning is really potent so don't max it our unless you like freezing at night. I only spent a fraction of my time in my room since the resort was so beautiful and there was so much to do. Cigar Shoppe by the check in: OK prices and a great selection of Cubans and Dominicans. I didn't want to take my chances with the beach merchants so I purchased all my cigars from there. There was nothing more relaxing than enjoying a fine cigar, a mixed drink, and a crystal clear ocean right in front of you.The beach: Beautiful white sand, clear water, plenty of chairs. I recommend the blue chairs. Very comfortable. Check out the ship wreck to the left of the resort. Very Pirates of the Caribbean. I did see about three weddings taking place. There at the beach. Try to catch the sunrise at least once. Magnificent. I didn't find the activities people pushy at all. They came up and asked if I wanted to go on activities, I said no and they left. There were also activities organizers who urged people to come and play darts, volleyball, climbing wall, etc. Those guys were ok too. The fact of the matter is if you want to relax, that is your place....and if you want a vacation filled with activities, that is your place too. There were plenty of beach towels available right by the water sports station. There's also a convenient bathroom there. (short walk from the beach bar)...and that brings me to:Beach Bar: Best times I had was over there was at the beach bar. The bartenders had the music playing and were extremely friendly. They remembered your drinks and every now and again made their own for everyone to try. I'm not a frozen drink fan but some of them were delicious. Try the coco loco and some mama Juana shots. When you get hungry just stumble on to the beach restaurant. Good food!Pool: I only went to the pool one day when it was cloudy. The pool bar was very cool and always had nice people to talk to. The pools were warm and huge.. Not deep...about 5 ft. max.Restaurants: Here's a piece of advice. You are on island time. You are there to relax. If you are used to places here in the states that try to throw you out of the door as fast as possible, then you will think their service is slow. I was there to enjoy myself and the atmosphere, so there was no rush. My wine glass was always filled up and the food was great. I ended up only trying the American, Dominican, Italian, and the Sea Food by the shore. All of them were great. The buffet restaurant always had wonderful breakfast and lunch. The bloody Mary and mimosa station was a plus.The beach buffet style restaurant was definitely more convenient if you are relaxing at the beach all day. Actually it's right on the beach. Tipping: I did bring a healthy stack of singles and tipped every once in a while. It is not required but certainly appreciated. I didn't see it as a bribe for good service but more like a thank you for good service already provided. I did see some people throwing some 10s and 20s around but they got their drink just as fast as I did tipping a buck or two every once in a while. I left money for the maid. They do appreciate it.The theater: I just went once. Really cool show. Great entertainment.Disco: Good music. Great place if you like dancing. The sun wore me out so I didn't stay long.Casino: Don't be expecting like Atlantic City Caesars Palace or Trump Taj Mahal and you'll be just fine. It's a good size and has all the basic games you would find anywhere else.In sum: They give you all the tools to have a great vacation. You have to do the rest and wind down.Be proactive and try something new. everyday. Go with the flow, meet great staff, people from all over the world and just have fun. I am definitely coming back and I have already recommended it to several of my friends. If anyone has any questions feel free to email me at thunderkat13@yahoo.com.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lab2880
<Content>Loved the Ocean Blue, but the food is just average My husband and I took a late honeymoon April 28 - May 4. This was our first all inclusive trip and first trip out of the country. When we arrived at the airport I was very surprised. I don't know what I was expecting but it looks like a gigantic tiki hut. You step off the plane and follow a guide inside a the airport and wait in a long line that moves very fast to buy a $10 card per person. So make sure you have cash handy. After customs you pick up your luggage and are surrounded by men trying to carry your bags for you. Very important tip if you let them take your bags please do not tip them until they have taken you to your correct transpertation van. We made the mistake of tipping him early and he left us standing there looking in a parking lot of litterly a hundred vans that all look a like. They have a number in them and you are assigned a van number to take you to your resort. It took us about twenty minuits to find van #11.We arrive at the resort and check in quickly. I guess you are suppossed to leave your bags at the door. Check in and give the luggage tags to the doorman and they will take your bags to your room. We did it ourselves because they had a lot of luggage to take and we did not want to wait for our bathing suits. The rooms are great. Yes the lighiting is not what we are used to but if you are like us by the time we got to our rooms we passed out anyway from such a busy day. We never had a problem with hot water or getting our fridge restocked. One tip is when you are in your room and want to dead bolt the door turn the handle up to the right. I learned this from trip advisor.The pools are a lot of fun and the bartenders always kept my drink full. I got up the first morining really early to get an umbrella chair, but their was no need because there were plenty. We did not get out to the pool until about 11:00 one morning and their were plenty of shaded seats. The food was just all right. I thought the food in the main buffett was better for lunch then the beach buffett. They had a better sellection. My favorite restaraunt was Routte 66. The food there was not bad. The steak is good. The Italian and the Domincan was pretty good, but the mexican We did not like at all. We only had to wait one night to eat and it was about 10 min. My husband liked the food more than I but he says I am picky which I am. So you may not want to take my word on the food until you try it yourself.We went on 2 excursions the Jeep Safari (which by the way is very fun. You must do this) and we went snorkling in a party boat. We bought some t-shirts, jewlery, and rum and I think we got a good deal on the beach, but I alway felt like I was getting ripped off. I'm sure we did. One other thing I had not been around before was all the topless sunbathers. They would just walk up and downt the beach. And a lot of men is speedos. The airport on the way back was a mess. We stood in line to check in well over and hour. But our flight was delayed 2 hours and they were having to rebook those who would miss their connector. But they do have a Wendy's in the airport which I was very excited about. I would recommend this hotel the staff was great and it is very clean. We did call a day before out trip to request a pool view room with a king bed because this is when they do room assignments. We got what we asked for. The time share people were not a problem and the shows at night are not very kid friendly unless you go see the lion king. We would go back again but we may try out a different resort. Not because we did not like it but because we want to try out new places.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MontrealDeeDee
<Content>Wonderful Place, Montreal, Canada       Lobby  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>klugster
<Content>great for teens Travelled with several families Mar 31 - April 7 with kids ranging from 11 - 17. Perfect set up for teens...Check in was quick and since we were in a hurry to get to our rooms we wheeled our own luggage to villa 10. We got villa 10 as I had requested but without any of the elite amenities. The location of the villa was perfect - near the active pool and beach. View from our room was of a field but you could see the ocean from the balcony at an angle. The resort was packed with Americans and Canadians - more North Americans and less Europeans than any other resort in PC I've seen. It was great for all the kids. Set up was so we could let the kids be on their own day or evening, and always felt they were safe and we could monitor them as long as they were within the resort complex. Did not experience any rude teens - all we saw were polite and friendly. Some of the older teens we saw (not with our group) and twenty-somethings were drinking more than they could handle at times but I think you get that with all ages at all-inclusives.Activities were varied and all day long...rock climbing, kayaking, beach games, pool games, water aerobics, bowling, disco, foosball, etc. Pools were kept clean but I wish they had more trash cans - people would be less likely to leave plastic glasses and straws if there were trash cans close to the pool. Getting chairs was an early morning event. Every resort I have been at is like that during spring break. I wish they had later towel exchanges - you had to get your clean towel later in the evening and they were often out of the clean ones.Food was good - awesome stir fry (although a long wait for it) in the buffet and we loved the Dominican, Mexican and Italian restaurants. Mikes coffee house was wonderful but we all wondered why a Starbucks-like coffee house did not open till 10am? Food not great at Route 66 but kids liked getting to go french fries there.Internet cafe was convenient..... and they had a cheaper rate for wireless if you brought your own laptop over. I think I spent more $$ at the internet cafe than almost anything. Tipped $3/day for maid and a'lacarte service and sometimes at the bar. Did not seem to be much difference in service either way. Kids met tons of other friends while on their spring break - lots of Americans, Canadians, and others but this seemed to cater to English speaking families and couples more than the other resorts. All in all, the group of families we travelled with (about seven families) said this is a thumbs up resort for families spring break and kids and adults recommend it. Of course there are always little things that could be improved but nothing that would ruin your trip if you realize you're not in the US!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jbgirrl
<Content>Ocean Blue - Only "Okay" My husband and I stayed at Ocean Blue from April 20-27. My first impression of the country - as soon as I had got off the plane and onto the bus - was Oh my God, where did we go? It was a little scary seeing men with machine guns along side the road. However, we were told this was common in the DR, although that didn't keep me from worrying.We took a 6 a.m. flight, which put us in PC around 10. Of course, when we arrived, our rooms were not ready, as check-in is not until 3 p.m. That was no worry, as there is a bar right in the main lobby and I was thirsty! We sat at the bar for a few drinks and decided to walk down to the ocean, which, of course, was every bit as beautiful as I had dreamed it would be.When we finally got to check in, we were first put into Villa 3 (we later switched to Villa 5, where we should have been to begin with, as that is the Apple Vacations Villa). The room itself was nice. It was cool from the air conditioning and the bathroom was nice and big. For a hotel that is only a few years old, some age was starting to show in the bathroom, but other than that, the room was fine. We did have a stocked fridge with beer, water and pop. All we had to do was ask the maid and she graciously re-stocked it everyday that she cleaned.*A note about maid-service - because it is such a large resort, sometimes your rooms do not get cleaned until the afternoon. Please be aware that these women work VERY hard, sometime the entire day...we left our maid a few dollars on the dresser each day.The first day we ate only at the GIGANTIC main buffet, where we ended up normally eating the rest of the time. I do not eat red meat, but I didn't want to take a chance and eat any of their meat, because they process it differently than we do, but I did take advantage of the huge bread bar, which was delicious. The lunches and dinners varied - they were kind-of hit or miss. Sometimes they were good, other times...well...let's just say I ended up eating pizza on more than one occasion!My husband only got sick once and that is because he ate their steak. Although I had warned him about the meat, he didn't listen! However, he is not a picky eater at all and ate nearly everything else on the buffet - including chicken, calamari, squid...you name it - and was fine. Service was much better on one side of the buffet too. Once they saw that you were willing to tip for service, they re-filled your drinks, over and over - many times they were stronger than the previous! The desserts are incredible looking, although they are also hit or miss. One was a coffee flavored/chocolate cake, which was really tasty, although by the end of the week, started tasting stale. We assumed they had just kept putting the remainder of the cake out each day so by the end of the week it was yucky!There was one dessert which looked decadent and when my husband took a bite, he could only describe it as Coffee Flavored Lard. At least we got a good laugh out of it! We did end up eating once at Margarita - and neither of us cared for their food at all...so we stuck with the main buffet the rest of the time.Breakfast is a little tricky - all I ate were the pancakes - which were just okay - by the time we left I never wanted to see another pancake again! The eggs they put out on the buffett are floating in something - but we couldn't figure out what!The pools, of course, were awesome. You HAVE to have a RAMON SPECIAL. He is the bartender in the pool closest to the ocean and his service - as well as his drinks - is awesome. He was entertaining and very, very nice at all times. I noticed that he worked every single day we were there, which was 8 days in a row, so he works very hard. Tip him well!!!!There are annoying time share people and they wait outside your villa and the buffett. They always greet you with, Hey my friend, let me ask you a question. All you have to do is say no thank you and they leave you alone. No need to be rude.The vendors on the beach are a different story! Each day was different. Sometimes they were in a good mood and would give you a great deal, other days, they were downright nasty. What they do not understand (or maybe they do, they just think we're all stupid Americans) is that the things they sell on the beach, we can buy here at a dollar store. What makes the situation worse, is my husband and I noticed more than once that Americans were being incredibley STUPID and paying their full asking price for trinkets! Don't do this! Then they try to get all of us to pay full price! The best advice I can give you when shopping at the beach vendors, is pay them about 1/4 to 1/3 of what they are asking and no more. So if they want $35 for a trinket necklace, offer them $3 to start with, but do not go any higher than $5. They are not worth it.We did bring back rum - which is delicious - you are allowed to bring back 4 liters of alcohol, which we took advantage of! My hubby also bought some cigars, which he got a great deal on. Many of them he purchased are sold back here for $200 and he got a box for just $30.The vendors who come directly to the resort (they do this only one night) are MUCH friendlier than the ones on the beach.We also took advantage of a one-day trip to the Marinarium (sp?) during which my hubby swam with sharks and sting rays. He got some awesome underwater photos. And they take you on a big party boat to an oasis on the other side of the island which is spectacular.In all, I would not return to Ocean Blue or DR, only because I would chose to go a little less third-world next time. Although the country side was beautiful on the boat tour, I see enough poverty everyday in the states, I didn't want to see it on my vacation. That may sound a little snooty but it's true. You pay several thousand dollars to go on a vacation, it's to relax, not to see poverty and men on the street with guns.We were a little deceived by the fact that Ocean Blue is entitled All Inclusive, which to me, it isn't. An All Inclusive resort should have room service at all hours, which they did, but only for certain things like towels. When we asked room service for food about 10 p.m. one night, we were told they only did that for Elite members. Our travel agent through Apple did not inform us otherwise.I think 8 days was just a bit too much for the DR- maybe 5 at max. If you are looking for a resort that does not have so many children there, look somewhere else too. My hubby and I do not have children and although they didn't bother us during our vacation, it probably would have suited us better to stay at an adult-only resort! I was happy to be home and needless to say, came back to appreciate the things I have a little more!Feel free to email me any questions or I can send anyone photos if they would like too! jbgirrl@yahoo.com  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>JandBRare
<Content>If you don't like timeshare touts give this resort a miss Graham  Lin, Worcester, EnglandMy wife and I stayed from 19th. April, 2007 till 4th. May, 2007.The hotel is very spacious and open, perhaps they removed too many trees when they built it compared to ther resorts along the coast. The beach also is very open, with the sunshades offering little shade even when properly roofed. No shortage of beds though. The beach bar was excellent with Omar providing real entertainment, when you get to know him.The beach is wide, and one can walk for miles in either direction from the hotel quite safely. Take a couple of bottles of water with you though.The main areas of the hotel are kept spotless and there is always someone in view with a broom or mop. The pool areas are particularly well furnished. Two very large swimpools, a light smattering of jacuzzis, and two swim up bars, more than enough to keep the pool persons happy.Toilets throughout the resort were generally very clean and well maintained even with the large volume of usage.The nearby golf course and clubhouse is well worth a visit, although only a 9 hole course at the minute plans are for a full 18 soon. Just a ten minute walk from the front of the hotel.Restaurants on the resort were average with the beach restaurant the best by far,followed by the Italian and Mexican, neither the Italian, Mexican or Route 66 seemed big enough to satisfy the demand. It was difficult to get into some of the restaurants on occasions, and a waiting system did not always work as we were left until it was almost too late. We had been forgotten about, but an apology was given and accepted.The main buffet restaurant was very good with a good variety of offerings most times, with the breakfast omelettes a must to try.In the buffet restaurant one evening we had a tour of the kitchens to collect our food and they were absolutely spotless, a novel idea which can only be rated as a good move.Mike`s Coffee is the 'jewel in the crown' of the resort, and they do a mean Irish and Caribbean liqueur coffee, together with every other coffee or tea you can think of. The little biscuits/cakes are very tasty and we whiled away many a happy hour in there.As for evening time, there seemed to be an ongoing contest between the nightly show and the acts in the lobby bar to see who could be the loudest. The lobby entertainment which varied consisted of male or female vocalists, or a very capable saxophonist and keyboard player, and they all insisted on amplifiers, which magnified the sound way beyond what was needed, so much so you could not hold a quiet conversation anywhere in the lobby, except between tunes. We often sat outside 'Mike's' where the noise became background music as it should be.This hotel does not provide a quiet place in the evening where people can sit in easy comfy chairs with a bar, perhaps some background music, to just chill out, and enjoy the company of new friends.Our room was well furnished, and the maid maintained it without fault for the whole fortnight, we did help her focus her mind though with a daily tip and treat. Lighting in the rooms is very poor, so don`t bother trying to read in the room before sleep time.Hot water was also an issue on occasions, but with a spa bath in every room the call upon hot water must have been huge.On our departure date a 4 hour delay in travel was posted the day before, and we were being kept on resort. We all made enquiries with the hotel to be able to pay the $10 per hour charge to keep our rooms but none were successful. The reception staff were most unhelpful, and very abrupt. We managed with the use of a courtesy room for half an hour.Our main gripe relates to the Timeshare people, they replaced the mosquito as enemy number one. They are in your face from the moment you arrive to the time you leave. Try ignoring them and they make snide remarks, tell them no and they follow you, you have to be as insistent you are not interested as they are persistent in trying to sucker you in. Perhaps a sticker on the wrist band to say that you have been zapped by them or are not interested in being zapped by them might be a way forward. Most resorts have these people but in this case they are easily the worst, and provide my wife and I with more than enough reason to never go to this resort again. I am saddened to say that the star rating flatters this resort somewhat, and I find it difficult to assess who it is better suited to other than people who like noise from breakfast to bedtime, with the evening time being the most difficult.My wife and I enjoyed our holiday very much, and we met some very nice people, but all things considered (even without the timeshare people) this resort is not for us. Back to the Melia Caribe or the drawing board.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>nomorespeedo
<Content>2nd time at the Blue -Absolutely Fabulous!!!!       entrance to resort  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>OceanBlue4Me
<Content>Amazing Once Again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wow they did it again!!!This was our second time and once again we loved every minute of it.Our stay was from april 2-9. We were 2 couples. This was holy week and the resort was full.We love the layout of the resort it is not huge and everything is just a short walk away.Service: it was good for the amount of people they had that week. We did tip and tried to stay with the same servers and bartenders keep this in mind you will see that they remember you and then the service becomes excellent. Alberto and Maria at the buffet were great never did I ask for more coffee Alberto kept it flowing I nicknamed him The Coffee Man and our table was set up and cleared quickly. Remember you are on vacation so enjoy a smile goes a very long way.The best part of my vacation was going to the pool bar to chat with Victor the bartender he is just great with his big smile. He has the best drink The Professional Drink you've got to try it. His nickname Is Victor #1We spent most of our time at the pools they are just amazing and huge!Weather: we had the best week on my record sunny and hot and not a cloud in the sky.Beach: as always it is Amazing: the water is warm sand is soft and white. If you like to walk along the beach it is the best.Animation Team: Melvin, Miguel,Luis,Pablo they were simply the best. When you get to know these guys they stick to your hearts... they work so hard and they really want you to enjoy your stay. Don't be shy go out to meet them they will make your vacation memorable. Go for a dance lesson with them it is fun.We had a pool view room #8301. Had a nice comfortable king size bed. A huge patio. Our room was clean, no smell and no hot water problem. We do not find the rooms dim this was our second stay and no complaints.Food: very good lots more vegetable, chicken and fish are great .We had lunch at the buffet there are alot more choices than at the beach buffet. We find the buffet is nice and cool (air condition) and a better selection.We did eat at the Italian and Route 66. They have snacks at the sports bar from 11-6am good wings!!!A tip: if you want to stay at the beach or pool longer and avoid the line ups at the restaurants go have a slice of pizza at the beach buffet to keep you going they serve food there until 5:00 and enjoy the beach or pool bar until 6:00 and there's only a few minutes wait around 8:00 at the restaurants. Excursions: We did the Bavaro Runner It was great you really get to see the Dominican culture. Very breathtaking views.You get a good meal and go to a beach, a cave, school, sugar cane fields,get to see how they make coco and coffee it's a really cool tour. I highly recommend it. (80$/person) Book with your travel rep. at hotel.Our husbands did golf a nine hole at the White sands.It was ok.We were able to join them for a fee of 25$ and we drove the carts for them. it was 100$ to golf 9 holes with cart  clubs.Shopping: They do have a nice shop in the lobby well stocked of mostly everything you need at very reasonable price. At the beach they have lots of stuff be ready to bargain and pay 1/3 - 1/2 price of what they want. Don't be rude and they will come to your price.We got to see the magic show it was pretty good but we spent our nights listening to the sax player in the lobby it is simply amazing to listen to him.Overall it was great we can not say enough good things about this hotel we just love it!!! can't wait to go back. Thanks to the staff at OceanBlue for a great vacation and all the Trip Advisor members for your help on this wonderfull place.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachbabe4ever
<Content>amazing trip!! we stayed at ocean blue from april 10-15. it was a wonderful trip. i(40), went with my two daughters (13 and 11). the service was great and all the staff were nice. the facilities were beautiful and there were so many activities. the beach and pool were gorgeous so we hung out there a lot. when you first arrive at the sirport you have to buy a $10 tourism card for each person (cash). there are many official looking people usually wearing hats that say punta cana resort and club. they offer to hold your bags for tips but you must be very stern with them and say no thanks or no gracias. know which desk to approach in the airport and just act like you know what you're doing. since we had not booked any transportation from airport to hotel we just immediatly approached the orbitz desk (even when we booked with travelocity). the cab ride was about 30-40min andcost about $40 but on the way back it was about $25. when we arrived at the resort it was beautiful. the lobby was marble with everything sort of open to the outdoors and we were greeted with pina coladas. we got to our room on the trolley (the resort isn't too large so it is not a long walk either). ROOM-our bags were delivered to our room with in 15min and our fridge was stocked with Presidente beer and Pepsi products. the room had a damp scent, as you get with any oceanfront hotel, but we got used to it. the bathroom was marble and we had no problem with water pressure, as read in other reviews. we brushed our teeth with bottled water which was in the fridge. use thesafe for passports, money and other valuables. i would suggest leaving a small tip for the maid daily. the maid came at about 9am so if you sleep late i suggest putting the do not disturb sign on door. POOL-there are two large pools with a swim up bar. even though it said no eating or drinking in the pool, we did and so did everyoneelse with no problem. there is good entertainment at the pools too. it is not completely necessary to get your towels early to get good seats. we got out there at about 11am- noon everyday and we had no problem getting chairs. pools were very clean. lots of palm trees surrounding them. BEACH-the beach was gorgeous. there is a designatedswimming area and i suggest not swimming outside of tha because of many boats. the water was blue, clear. sand was white and soft. you can walk down the beach and take a look at the other resorts. by doing this, ocean blue looked like one of the nicest. same chair situation as pool. the place where you get beach/pool towels located at the beach sometimes ran out of towels so you may want to bring your own beach towels and for identification purposes. EXCURSIONS/OTHER ACTIVITIES-we went on the marinarium trip which was excellnt. we got to swim with sharks and sting rays. at the place where you get owels there are also other watersports. the marinarium trip and i think the other excursions (not watersports) only acceptedpesos so we had to get that from the atm. we did bowling which was fun and poole was free. RESTAURANTS-mike's coffee shop was the best! as good as starbucks but no fee(all inclusive)!! good chocolate chip cookies, not too sweet. the a la carte restaurants wer just okay. we had a horrible experience at route 66. the service was slow and my daughter's vanilla milkshake tasted like plain milk with sugar. everything was disgustingly greasy. italian restaurant seemed like best a la carte. buffets were excellent. the beach lunch buffet had good food and ice cream. all drinks were good especially pina colada and dirty monkey. TIPS/OTHER-we had no problem with Royal timeshare people but we saw other people being hassled. the entertainment was good sometimes a little weird/inappropriate for young children. on the way from hotel to airport there is no escape from people at airport offering to carry your bags. they run to the backs of the taxis to get the bags. i told them that i did not have any cash to tip the guy but he still brought our bags a whole 10ft and stood there waiting for a tip. i finally gave him a few dollars. bring lotsof $1 bills for tips. i would not recommend venturing into the streetmarket that comes to the resort because the salespeople hassle you like crazy. anyways this was one of the nicest, best vacations i have ever been on.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mrs.Ashe
<Content>You get what you pay for This hotel was exactly what we expected it to be. It wasn't fabulous, but it wasn't terrible either. We've paid more money for different resorts before, and they were nicer, but since this vacation cost us so little, we didn't expect a miracle.Al Carte restaurants are not very good at all. They don't let you make reservations, so you just stand around like a bunch of cattle waiting to get a seat. The food, honestly is not worth the wait. At the Italian restaurant there is a group that goes table to table serenading you, and they wont leave until you give them money! The buffets were much better in our opinion. Except the breakfast buffet. The eggs were really runny and the other options weren't great. Don't get me wrong... there was always something to eat, just not always something you really wanted..Also, everyone that works there expects tips. I prefer to give a tip after i've recieved good service. The employees here seem to require a tip before they do a good job. They were pretty rude to you if you didn't tip. We never had any beer in our room, and had to call a few times for towels as houskeeping forgot to leave us clean towels. They claim it is all you can drink domestic beer, but you had to search long and hard to find any bottled beer whatsoever. This was ok for us as we liked the tap beer, but just beware if you only drink bottled beer, you'll be hard pressed to find it!All the facilities were very clean, the beach is gorgeous, and I love that you can just walk for miles and miles. The rooms are of decent size, and unlike other posters, i didn't find a musty scent or dim lights at all. We did have a problem with water pressure and hot water however, It would have been wonderful to have hot water for the jacuzzi tub, but we made use of it just the same!  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>TravellyNJ
<Content>Terrible Service! Do not stay here!!!! We stayed at the Ocean Blue Golf and Resort hotel from March 29, 2007鈥?April 2, 2007. Through our travel agent, we booked a deluxe package for an additional $112 a night as we were sold on the fact that it would be worth upgrading for the additional services that this hotel was offering (i.e. 鈥?water sports, massage, upgrade restaurants, etc..). Needless to say, we were very disappointed, disenchanted and unhappy with our stay.  To give you an impression of our stay: 鈥hen we arrived on Thursday afternoon, we were informed by the hotel staff that we needed to sit in the Elite Club room and wait for someone to help us. We waited for about 30 minutes because only one person was working at the desk. We arrived at the hotel around 4:30 pm and didn鈥檛 get to our room until 6 pm. We were under the impression that having a Deluxe package, we wouldn鈥檛 have to deal with waiting and would have private check-in and out. 鈥ur room was not to of 鈥淒eluxe鈥?standards. When we arrived, the following items which were part of our Deluxe package were missing:oFruit BasketoBeer  LiquoroSlippers鈥he first night after we returned from dinner, we didn鈥檛 get our nightly turn down service. 鈥he hotel staff was not accommodating and didn鈥檛 care about service. 鈥e were very disappointed that our personalized concierge service was not always available. They only had one concierge person for the Elite Club buildings. If we needed something like towels, she/he was out of reach. Also, due to the windy weather conditions, we were trying to exchange our motorized water sports and our sailing (Catamaran) and they wouldn鈥檛 accommodate us. 鈥resh towels were not sent to our room as promised. 鈥he Abuelita Restaurant service and staff were extremely slow. We had to wait 20 minutes for a menu because they didn鈥檛 have enough to give out. Then finally when our menus arrived, the staff didn鈥檛 bring our food for another hour. While other guests, had their food within 20 minutes. After we ordered dessert, we waited 20 minutes and then left as it wasn鈥檛 served. 鈥he 24 hour room service was supposed to be delivered in 30 minutes and after waiting 50 minutes waiting for our pizza, we called room service concerned. They stated that they didn鈥檛 have any more pizzas. What? We weren鈥檛 notified. We were hungry, especially as we are 5 陆 months pregnant It was an awful experience!鈥fter all our frustration we were looking forward to our hour at the Spa. We scheduled a manicure/pedicure at 10 am. At 10:20 am, the receptionist stated she made a mistake and that the previous appointment would be another 30 minutes. We were upset!  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>pakigirl
<Content>My recent trip The hotel was pretty good. SInce I live on the island I have many other experiences to compare it with. First of all, they gave me an upgrade to a elite room (very nice), but when we got to our room our lock box didn't work. It took us waiting for over an hour for them to fix it. Second, they forgot to give us a remote for the TV, we waited another hour for that. The food was great, but not in all the restaurants. The best was the Italian, next the buffet and finally the Mexican. The infamous Route 66 was terrible! We walked out because we just couldn't eat the food. The beach was dirty, very brown and hardly anyone was swimming in it. The bars were all great, the show was wonderful, the pool was fantastic and we loved having a casino. The personell all speak English, and some even spoke other various languages. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	2	5	

<Author>CarolynandMatt
<Content>Great Place, ignore any negative reviews We stayed at Ocean Blue (we actually ended up on the sands side - no difference whatsoever) from April 19th to the 26th. Have been to Cuba twice before. 1st trip to DR. We went with another couple who like us, are in ther 30's. We had a fabulous time. We got in really late, but we ate at the Overtime sports bar. Food was ok, enought to tie us over until the following morning.here's our take on the following areas:Beach - We are a beach bums, and one of the main reasons we chose Punta Cana was because travel agents said it was one od the nicest beaches in the Carribean. We were not disappointed. We spent more of our time on the beach. never had a problem getting chairs. We did go down every am at about 8. We always got the blue comfy chairs. We had the same place on the beach every day. Front and center. Was great for people watching (hello man thongs!!!) A lot of people walking the beach at all times. The water was relatively warm, was refeshing when you needed to cool off.Food - was excellent. None of us complained about the food. I ended up getting sick on our second day (cant pin it on anything in particular, probably just overdid it on juices and rum on 1st day) Ate at Dominican restaurant 1st night. Food there was the best. italian was good. Also enjoyed the Beach restaurant in the evening, atmosphere was lovely. the breakfast buffet was good. the guys had huge omlettes every am. The pancakes were great, as were the croissants. We ate at the buffett 2 evenings and were not at all disappointed. I actually think they serve same food at buffet as they do at the a la cartes. Ate lunch every day at the beach grill. Burgers to be avoided, but pizza, rice, hot dogs, fries were great. Also try the chocolate covered pineapple if they have it - delicous!!Rooms - Were ok, nothing extravagent. Brought bulbs as read about issue with dim lighting. Didnt use them as lighting in batroom was good, in main room, was pretty dim, but didnt need bright light for anything. Had only 1 evening where water was luke warm. otherwise, no water issues. Air conditioner was really loud, so we turned ours off at night, rooms didnt get too hotService - Was good. You could definately notice a difference if you tipped or not. One day my husband forgot to bring the guy at the beach bar a tip. He served everyone at the bar before he served my husband. And that was after about 3 days there of tipping him evey day. maids did well. If you left a note with any extras you wanted (towels, water) with some $ (we left 3$ a day, plus a treat), the maid always left what you wanted. We were never bothered by the time share guys. From day one we ignored them. A couple of times they made rude comments as we walked past. We did see some unfortunate people get suckered in by them. Just walk past and they will leave you alone.A lot of the staff did not know good english. This was very evident right away, they would just nod or giggle. Brush up on some Spanish before you go.Entertainment - Definately nothing exceptional - was entertaining. Also not kid friendly. Several shows were quite provocative. We preferred to hang out at the lobby bar. Music was relaxing. Went to Disco one night and left shortly after as no one was there.beach market - They will try to rip you off. only offer about a 1/3 of what they want to sell you things for. And dont give in, unless it is something you really want. if not, just walk away. If they break out a calculator, you can be sure they will barter with you. We went to a shop off the resort (Nicoles - she is from montreal) so the guys could get their cigars. It was a lot cheaper, and we got to see the workers roll the cigars. things in general were alot more expensive in DR than Cuba. Rum was approx $9 per bottle as opposed to 4-5 in cuba. We bought very few souveniers.What else can I say.. I was a little hesitant after reading some of the negative reviews, but we went just to relax and veg on the beach. i think we actually had to check for pulses at one point. So we were happy with the resort, food and staff.Would recommend this resort to people who just want to get away and relax.any questions, you can contact us at carolynandmatt@hotmail.com  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>havefunToronto
<Content>A Nice Place Well let me start by saying I have travelled to quite a few places and just be forewarned that some of the things people write on these reviews are way off base. Ocean Blue is definitely a beautiful hotel with excellent grounds and beach area. The resort is kept very clean and in comparison to other resorts in Punta Cana the walking is not that much. Most of the other reviews tell you the same things that I could tell you. Light bulbs a must! Lighting is very dim. If you want to know where they should place you...ask for the Elite Villa 6 or 10. Otherwise villa 9 is the next best place. My kids had an excellent time and were entertained the entire time. Ages 14 and 11. If you are looking for a good animation staff they are very nice and friendly, especially Domingo and Pablo. But they don't have a lot of music happening regularly because older people have complained that the pool area is too noisy. Not so...the blue pool is definitely very quiet if that is what you are looking for. The shows are not that great other than Miss Ocean it is very funny but not for small children. The other shows are mostly just different dancers dancing. The beach area is fantastic. As for food the best restaurants are the Italian and Mexican, the Italian antipasto bar is fantastic. The main entrees are not that great but if you like italian cheese, olives and tomatoes, prociutto and boccangini you must visit this restaurant. Route 66 is horrible. The mexican is great again for the buffet bar to start. Otherwise you can't go wrong in the buffet restaurant. The best is breakfast where you can make your own omlette and pasta at lunch time. As for people who say they couldn't eat at this place I am sorry you are totally wrong. Even my picky children ate enough to keep them full. Remember this isn't you regular home cooking you have to adjust your mind to where you are. Mike's coffee excellent! Ask for the cheesecake and their lattes are amazing. Lobby area at night is fantastic for live entertainment, the music is very uplifting to watch. If you are looking for friendly reception staff don't expect it much these people work very slow and basically do not care if you are waiting or need something from them. One time the manager is in the bathroom and when you go back they say he isn't working today. So the answers do not jive! But other than that the resort is truly lovely and clean. And the water is drinkable. Don't waste your time waiting to early when it is time to leave because they usually make you waste more time than you have too. Enjoy your last few minutes as much as you can.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>TOSHEA
<Content>Beautiful Beach My family and another family stayed at the Ocean Blue Golf  Beach resort for a week April 3 - 10. I am a travel agent and picked this hotel because a family of 5 is very limited where you can stay in one room. The family we were with had upgraded to the elite and I was upgraded complimentary as a travel agent. The hotel was beautiful. The rooms were clean. Service great. Gorgeous beach.Elite Club - Traveling on a holiday week, I would definitely take it. We were able to have the concierge make all our reservations for dinner. We never waited more than a few minutes.I found the food to be so/so. Nothing bad but nothing great. We did have the lobster dinner on the beach and that was wonderful except the mosquito's ate us alive. We certainly didn't starven during our vacation. The the drinks were plentiful. My kids loved the pizza.Tipping - we tipped quite a bit and I'm not sure if it mattered. I tipped the maids almost daily since there was one in the a.m. and one in the evening. I did give the maids a bunch of my children's clothes and they were extremly grateful. I also brought with me crayons, markers and coloring books for their children. Bowling - Had fun, but the balls were missing chunks - Quite interesting way to bowl.Banana boats and Catamaran were great.Pool - Was tremendous. Did get mucky towards the end of the stay. The hotel was full so getting chairs was tough if you weren't up early.Beach - Beautiful. Large, plenty of shade. Loved it.The best thing was the photographers. I bought incredible pictures of my family. $8.00 a print or $6.00 on a disk. I did both. My kids loved the monkey pictures and parrots that they took photo's with. They were $8.00 each.All in all, I'd go again. We had a great time. If you go with a good attitude, you'll love it. Keep in mind it's not the Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons. You get what you pay for.Any questions, please feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>tborz
<Content>Great family vacation We stayed at Ocean Blue 4-9 thru 4-16. We went with a huge group. There was approxiamtely 120 of us. We go every year to Punta Cana butstay at a different resort. We absolutely loved this resort. Our children had a great time and had plenty for them to do. At night they opened the disco up for the kids and they looked forward to going every night. A big plus for us this year was the quality of the food. The al a carte restaurants were excellent, as well as, the buffet. There were enough options for everyone. If you like Mexican, Italian, American, Seafood or Dominican they have it all. Mike's Coffee House has a wonderful cheesecake, but you have to ask for it, it's not on display.The rooms were very nice. We didn't have a problem with hot water or musty smelling rooms. Our rooms were very clean and the bed was very comfortable. It was cleaned daily and well stocked with pop and water. If you give the maid a decent tip and ask for beer she will leave it.A couple of things that could be different: Have the Elite lounge closer to the Elite Villas. We did upgrade and was happy with it. However, the lounge was up in the lobby which is a bit of a walk. Another minor issue was the trolley. It came around every 15-20 minutes. I think they need one more trolley. Other than that we loved our trip. We love the friendliness of the Dominican people. I wish we could get that same service in the states.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ninachen
<Content>Great vacation at the Ocean Blue! We decided to go first class by paying a bit extra for the elite club. Lovely Elite Lounge for private check-in, visited daily to use the internet (1/2 hour free)  sometimes we just relaxed there and had a drink  a little snack. Always someone a the desk to answer any questions. Primary reason for choosing the upgrade was the location of the Villa. We stayed in Villa 6 (Villa 6  10 are closest to the beach). Our room faced the pool and we did see the ocean from our balcony. No problem ever with hot water  everything worked. Ocean Blue/Sands ....Staff was always pleased to help. The timeshare people in the AM (at exit of main buffet) were a bit annoying (very aggressive sales pitch) but we just kept walking and said No Gracias. After a while they stopped bugging us. We were able to enjoy a more private breakfast at the beach restaurant overlooking the beach  the ocean (reserved for Elite Members) as well.Activities throughout the day for all ages. Loved the international make-up of the vacationers  nice mix of ages as well. Set up of resort make for easy walking with beautiful gardens and walkways. The trolley came by on a regular schedule  was convenient (did not smoke up the area at all as some reviewers complained about...total nonsense!) Our favorite place to visit in the afternoon and after dinner was Mike's (coffee house). Great atmosphere, delicious coffee drinks  desserts. Food in general was good  service always friendly. Our son loved the stir-fry bar at the buffet. He got to pick the ingredients and his meal was freshly prepared. My husband loved his omelettes in the AM, always freshly prepared. No one got sick during our stay.We stayed away from salads just in case. Water served at tables is filtered. The water used to make the ice for drinks (I assume) must be filtered as well. Water sports area at the beach is terrific. Very friendly staff. The lobby lounge is amazing. Great energy  fantastic live music entertainment (just go to the lobby for quality entertainment and simply skip the theater). The disco (we tried 3 ddifferent nights) is catering to the off-duty staff until about 1:00 AM with music that is really bad. I hear that it empties out after 1:00 AM when staff get taken home. Disco was disappointing. We travelled w/two adults, a 13 year old and a 17 year old. Everyone had a wonderful time (April 17-22). Bring light bulbs, some gifts for housekeeping, a great attitude ( remember you are visiting a foreign country). Beach  Pools are gorgeous. Go!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pokeywokey
<Content>Awesome Hotel..Highly recommend!!! We stayed at the Ocean Blue Golf and Beach resort from 4/17/07 to 4/22/07. I booked this hotel because I thought the price was great. However, I had read many bad reviews about it so I was concerned that I would be disappointed. I decided to read reviews about the top of the line resorts in Punta Cana and it seems that no matter what, there will always be someone who has a problem with where they stay. So with that in mind, I booked this hotel and hoped for the best.I booked the package deal through Orbitz.com. The transportation was ready for us at the airport. We waited a few minutes for other passengers. We were the first to be dropped off at our hotel. Check in was quick and we were off to our rooms.The rooms were clean and very well kept. The jacuzzi tub had stains that I thought were dirt. I tried to clean it off myself and thats when I figured out they were stains. There were also 3 hairs in the tub. Yuck.The food at the buffet hotel was good and it had lots of variety. The wait staff was always prompt with drink service. We were always able to get into the other restaurants with no problem. One day there was a 30 minute wait for the Italian restaurant. We would have waited but my husband was feeling a little sick that day so we went to the buffet restaurant instead. That worked out because he was able to enjoy some amazing Dominican soup.The dancing shows were okay. I think they are similar to the quality of shows on a cruise. Its no broadway show, but for being included in the price they were entertaining and gave us something to do at night.The Wave Disco was fun. The dancers from the theatre shows go and try to get the crowd dancing. The bowling alley is tiny and it is tough getting a lane at night. I think there were only 6 lanes. Instead, we played billiards and foosball upstairs from the lanes.The pools were large and I don't know if it was because we went at a slow time of year but there were not many people in the pool. Most of those that were in the pool were at the swim up bar. We felt like we had the whole pool to ourselves most days.Orlando one of the photographers from the photoshop in the hotel found us at the beach and took pictures of us. He was very nice and had us do silly, fun poses. We loved 3 of the photos he took of us and bought them for $8 each.There are excursion people around the resort who will hound you as you walk by. We booked the ATV excursion with Daniel from Rancho tours. The excursion was great. They were running late which was a little annoying but once we got on the ATV's, we all had a great time. We also booked the speed cat excursion through the hotel's watersport staff. That was a lot of fun. We were the only ones on the tour so we got to spend more time doing the things we enjoyed like sliding down the 40 ft slide that we stopped at. We also stopped at a sand bar far in the ocean to swim. I didn't like that too much so we got moving again after a few minutes.There were a lot of little things that were bad about the hotel but I think we would have run into a lot of the same things no matter where we stayed. The problems were not enough to make us regret booking this hotel.I would definitely bring a lightbulb for the rooms as most other travelers have mentioned the bad lighting in the rooms. Thankfully we had one lamp that had a great bulb. I had to wonder if that was done by a fellow traveler.I HIGHLY recommend this resort. If I ever go back to Punta Cana I would most definitely stay there again. If you have booked this resort and are second guesssing your decision, dont worry. It's an awesome resort and you will enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>ladymarielle
<Content>Great 4-day stay!          Main path leading from lobby to pool/beach  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>colleen04
<Content>St.John's, NL.... Loved it! We were so looking forward to escaping the winter blues and just couldn't wait to arrive in Punta Cana. We had read the reviews on this resort but really didn't know what to expect. We arrived pretty late and the check in and ride to our room all went smoothly. Route 66 was still open so we could go for a drink and something to eat.We thought the rooms were lovely. To our surprise we were upgraded to the elite suites. We were in Unit 10 which was the perfect location as it was just next to the beach and the pool. The food was fabulous-at the buffet and all the restaurants. We also enjoyed going to Mike's cafe and sitting outside for a coffee. The grounds were so beautiful. They were so well groomed and it was so nice just to walk around (especially in the evening). The bartenders and maid service was great! The Bavarro Runners tour was also great. There were no bugs or rodents. There was really nothing negative we could say about this resort.The beach was beautiful- never had a problem getting chairs. The pool was huge and the pool bar was a lot of fun. We really enjoyed our vacation. The biggest decision we had to make was what to wear for dinner. We would definitely recommend this resort.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RLPeppy123
<Content>Awesome vacation My hudband and I and our two daughters, ages 12 and 17 just returned from a week at the Ocean Blue. This was our second visit to Punta Cana and first to the Ocean Blue.The weather was absolutely beautiful, sunny and 87 every day. The beach and pools were wonderful. The one down side is that in order to get a chair in the shade at the beach or a chair by the pool under an umbrella, you needed to be up and have a towel on your chair by 7:30 a.m. at the latest. I found that to be very annoying mostly due to the fact that most of the chairs remained emply for a good portion of the day. The resort frowns on the towel on the chair saving technique but they do not do anything to deter it. Our room was nice and clean and overlooked the pool. We were in villa 5 and had hot water everyday and at all hours. Didn't really notice any musty smell as mentioned frequently in other review of this resort. No bugs and or other crawling creatures. Air conditioner however was freezing and we could not figure out how to adjust it, we should have called maintenance but we survived. We did bring light bulbs and we were glad we did, the rooms are very dim, they only use 25watt bulbs in all the light fixtures. The buffet was good, the sit down restaurants were so-so. We preferred the buffet, The specialty restuarants do not require reservations but depending on the time you wish to dine, there could be an hour or so wait for a table.We went on the outback safari full day trip and had a blast, it was good for our kids to see how the Dominicans live and the area outside of the resort. Last year we did the swim with the sharks and stingrays, would recommend that as well.The entertainment was good overall and sometimes a bite cheesy. All the bartenders at the pool bars and at the ocean were great and entertaining. The daily pool activities were fun as well. All in all we had a great time, there was something for everyone to do, swimming, sunning, rock climbling wall, shopping on the beach (cheapy, cheapy almost free) and even bowling. I would recommend this highly for families, we had a great time.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lockman
<Content>overall great !!!!       bar pool  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>docaly
<Content>wonderful trip This was our second time to punta cana. We have done all inclusive holidays in mexico, cuba,bahamas and panama and this resort compared well. The grounds are well kept and very clean. The beach is lovely (you do need to be on the beach before8am if you want any shade). The food was good although not outstanding, with a great variety. Even a picky eater would find something to enjoy. The a la cartes are casual and not very romatic but the food and service is good. The room was really nice. It was larger than most rooms and could easliy accomodate a family of 5. Our favourite part of the resort- the people. The staff are great- friendly, helpful and genuine. We had such a good time, my parents went 2 weeks later. We would go back anytime. Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>baker5Dartmouth
<Content>Fantastic Family get-away We stayed at the Ocean Blue resort from April 1-8th and had a wonderful time. We travelled with our 3 kids, ages 3,5 and 8. The grounds are lush and well maintained. There is lots of staff who are friendly and try to be helpful.Food:The food is very good. No one got sick. The buffets are plentiful and the pizza was a hit with the kids. The Beach front Buffet was not a good as the main buffet area but was convenient for the pool. The a-la carte restaurants are also very good but there is a wait. I suggest that you get to the front door at 5:30 or so (they open at 6:30). The kids can run around in the court yard out front and your hubby can keep you well supplied with drinks while you wait. You willget in by 6:30 that way otherwise you are looking at 8:00 (if you can get in) and that didn't work for us. The buffet also opens at 6:30 PM until 10:30 PM but we were buffeted -out by dinner time. I recommend the ribs at Route 66, the lamb in the Italian restaurant and the tacos in the Mexican restaurant.Pools/Beach:The beach is wonderful and the pools are clean and WARM!! You do needto get up around 6:30-7:00 AM to stake out your chairs. You do not need to bring beach towels as they are plentiful but we did bring them (colorful ones) so it was easy to spot our chairs. I believe youneed to rise early as well to get a shady spot on the beach but we didn't camp out at the beach. The blue pool (blue chairs) is a bit quieter and more family focused than the yellow pool.Rooms:We were in villa 9 which is very close to the pool and beach. We did not have a pool view but we did see jungle behind us and one morning actually saw a local climb to the top of a palm tree and harvest somecoconuts-very cool. The rooms were very clean and the maid was very good. Our fridge was well stocked. I do recommend an english-spanish pocket dictonary for some resort spanish like towels, face cloth, etc. We would leave the maid notes of what we wanted. There was some minor problems here. She would leave 5 towels but no face cloths one day, the next facecloths but no handtowels, not a big deal. We had no trouble with hot water or water pressure as had been said in otherreviews. We did use the Jacuzzi several times-it did take a bit longer (10 minutes more maybe) than at home and the kids had a blast in the bubbles.Service:The service was very good. We did tip quite a bit in the beginning of the trip and less in the end. Not sure if made much difference. Ramone-bartender by the pool is very good-remembered my kids names. We did tip the maid but she was also interested in us filling out comment cards and mentioning her. I would recommend that after a day or two get a comment card from the front desk, find her, tell her howgood she is and get her to spell her name. You will get great service-just make sure you do fill out the card and turn it in.Problems:None really. The only thing is that there are sales people called Royal in blue shirts that hang out in the buffet foyer. I think they are selling time shares. They always asked us to come for the presentation-which we declined not a big deal but by day 6 we it was getting a bit tiresome.Overall:Nice resort. Would return.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DonnaNorthCarolina
<Content>Great Week at the Ocean Blue Our family of four (two adults, 12 year-old, and 16 year-old) visited Ocean Blue April 9 to April 13 and found this to be a great resort with plenty to entertain everyone our Spring Break trip. The resort is quite large, covering many more acres than other Caribbean resorts we've visted. We found the property to be clean and well-maintained, with two beautiful pools and a great beach area for walking, kayaking, swimming, and more. Compared to the beaches we have experienced in Mexico, we found the actual beach to be Punta Cana's real advantage (less seaweed, milder waves, wider beach area, larger swimming area, bright turquoise water for miles). Walking and jogging on the beach was great in either direction, and you could go for miles seeing lots of other resorts along the way. Our room was kept very clean, and it was very satisfactory in terms of furnishings, decor, etc. It was nice that there were a few US TV stations available in the room so that we could get news updates, etc. We found the food options plentiful, with both the main buffet and the buffet by the beach having many choices. Breakfast buffets were especially amazing and not to be missed at the main restaurant. We enjoyed the Route 66 American restaurant, and the Dominican restaurant for a little change of pace from the buffet. One thing to note related to the restaurants is that 3 of the a la carte restaurants require long pants for men. We hadn't read or heard that prior to departure, but fortunately we did have something that would suffice for everyone. Just something to be prepared for in packing. In addition to the sun, sand, and pool, we enjoyed services from the spa (massages and pedicure), and found the spa to be very clean and beautiful. The nightly shows and music in the lobby were enjoyable, and the bowling alley with pool tables/ping pong tables were a hit with the kids. We chose to go on the Outback Safari Tour excursion, having read other people's positive comments about their experience, and we were very glad that we did. The guide was wonderful, and the tour gave us the opportunity to see so much more of the country and understand the culture so much more than we would have otherwise. We highly recommend this excursion as a day trip during a stay in the Punta Cana area. The only slight drawback to this experience compared to our visits to resorts in Cancun and the Mayan Riveria was the customer service. In the restaurants and at the beach bar especially, the service was quite slow and a little impersonal at times. The overall hospitality from resort staff wasn't quite as gracious as we had experienced other places. Not a major problem, but a difference worth noting. Overall, the Ocean Blue provided a great Spring Break experience for our family and we have wonderful memories to treasure from our trip.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>TravellerVA
<Content>Average/Overpriced               More photos  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	3	1	4	

<Author>babyblueNovaScotia
<Content>Hola Amigo!!! ....Sweet Retreat !!!       view from our room  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>JAlfNY
<Content>Great Time Ocean Blue/Sand Golf and beach resort: we had arrived ( family of 4) after a 20 minute ride from the airportwhen we arrived we were able to check in right away and they said they would bring there bags to our room shortly, i have seen some complaints of this taking along time but the resort is spread out and they have to make other stops along the way, it only took 10 minutes from the time we checked in until we got to our roomRoom: the room is a prefect room for a family, 2 queen beds and a couch/single bed that is already made up for your stay. the room was large with a nice size balcony. The bathroom was great having 2 sinks because it is a busy time getting the whole family ready to go out to dinner. we never once had a hot water issue. the maid was friendly and she always left our spotless and we gave her a few dollars a day and she really appreciated it The grounds: the hotel is beautifully laid out and people and the plants are still younger but the grounds are beautiful. there have been reviews complaining about the walking but its really not alot of walking at all ive been to many resorts in the Caribbean and some in punta cana and the walking was nothing and if it was htere was a tram that came around about ever 15 minutesThe Food: we only went to 3 restaurants + the buffetLa Casa- served Dominican food that was very good. no reservation required but there was a dress code. the dress code was that you had to wear pants and shoes or sneakers ( no flip flops) but it was not that bad because it had ACMargarita- served Mexican food, it was the best Mexican food i ever had , there was no dress code or reservations requiredEl Bucanero - seafood restaurant at the beach, required reservations and an additional supplement, this was amazing i had the lobster- very good , they served seafood only here Mikes Coffee- this place was great it was like a mini starbucksThe main Buffet- the selection was great they had a stir fry station, pasta and pizza station every night they had a wide selection of foods and desserts that the theme changed nightly The Pool and Beach: they were both great and always being cleaned , the pool temperature was perfect and there are 2 pools with bother having pool barsThe beach was raked daily and there was a bar also by the beachThe entertainment and activities- they had a different show everynight in the Showtime theater, we only went to one and ti was the international show, this was very entertaining, there was also a disco,The activities during the day was also great the activities staff tried to get everyone involved, you can pick up a daily schedule in Gust Services, it was Called the Ocean PostThere was also many facilitiesSpa- was great i had a nice relaxing massagethey also had tennis courts, an archery zone, bowling alley, billiards, and a rock climbing wall , At the beach there was the kayaks, catamarans and other things that you can use daily, there was a childrens club that looked busy and fun or the children in the end this resort was great for the family, it was a perfect size with a nice layout i would recommend this resort and i would absolutely go back  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mark_train
<Content>Had a Terrific Time! My family and I spent a week at the Ocean Blue Resort from Sun Apr 1 to Sun Apr 8. Overall, we had a great time. While the weather is something beyond everyone's control, we had seven days of made to order weather - just PERFECT each day.We stayed in Villa 4, room 4102, facing the central courtyard. The room was spacious and clean, but it was very musty upon arrival. Over time, with the A/C turned on, the mustiness cleared up somewhat.While some reviewers had issues with water pressure and temperature, room 4102 had excellent water pressure, even during the peak showertimes of 5 - 7pm. Most of the time the water temperature was sufficiently hot; on one or two days, it was only lukewarm.Villa 4 is located centrally inside the resort - half way between the beach and the lobby. So we didn't really have to walk too far to go anywhere. There is a tram that circles the resort that can be used, but we didn't use it. (My kids did for an evening activity - they and their new friends would hang out on the tram and ride around and around the resort.) The tram is a small truck with a small trailer that has bench seats on it.On the last day of our stay, the resort had no water at all for a fewhours late in the afternoon. We didn't notice it until we tried flushing the toilet - the first flush worked because the water tank was full, but the second one didn't. The shower worked, too. We discovered that the cold water went first, and the hot water disappeared an hour or so later, *after* we were all able to take showers! Luckily for us that day, we decided to shower early.We sampled all the restaurants except for the ones that required additional supplement. We decided that it wasn't worth paying an additional supplement when the other restaurants were generally quitegood. I liked La Casa (Dominican) the best; the meal I had, a beef dish, was outstanding. My kids liked Margarita (the Mexican restaurant) the best, so we ended up going there twice. Route 66 is an attempt to be like Friday's or Applebees (or similar chains), and as long as you don't expect that kind of taste, it was fine. It was a reasonable Spanish facsimile of those types of restaurants. The ribs were quite good there. The Italian restaurant (forgot its name) was so-so. I tried the lamb chops, and they were pretty good, but overall, I liked this restaurant least out of all of the choices. The service was very good in all the restaurants.The coffee at Mike's was outstanding. My wife loved the cappuccino and we always made sure we stopped there in the evening for some. The chocolate chip cookes were very good, too. It'll remind you of Starbucks.We ate at the main buffet for breakfast and the beach buffet for lunch and overall, the food was very good. The staff would come and clear your plate pretty quickly after you finished eating, and if youleft your utensils on the plate, those would be taken away, too. It was sometimes hard to get someone to request another set ot utensils..so if you're like me and like to make multiple trips to the buffet and not fill your plate each time, take the utensils off the plate on your table, and THEN go!If you plan to go to the restaurants for dinner, the early bird catches the prime seating times. Be in line for the restaurants by 6:20pm at the latest (they open at 6:30pm). We lined up for Margaritaat 6:30pm one evening and still didn't get in for the firstseating and had to wait another hour. If you don't want to wait, be sure to have a member of your party line up early...or eat later in the evening where there wasn't much of a wait.Saturday night was Dominican night and the buffet was set up *inside*the kitchen! It was very clean and really very well presented. Therewas a great deal of food choices available, moreso that the other nights, it seemed.The two pools were really nice! One pool had beach chairs with blue padding and the other pool had yellow beach chairs with no padding. The beach had a mixture of both, although there were more yellow chairs. If you want a prime spot at the first pool with the blue chairs, you *must* be an early riser. My wife and I were out the doorby 7:20am every day (to walk on the beach) and EVERY blue chair was taken *every day*. Many of the yellow chairs were taken by that time,too. It seemed the chairs on the beach were available longer before they ended up being taken. One morning, by 7:20, it seemed that nearly EVERY chair in the place was taken. It turned out that people were reserving their chairs the night before! The hotel got wind of that and sent everyone a note letting us know that items left on chairs after 7:30pm would be taken away. The following day, things seemed more normal again.The beach is beautiful. It's very clean, and the white sand never gets hot no matter how hot the day gets. If you like walking on the beach, this one goes on for miles and miles in both directions. You can also see the other hotels this way.The entertainment was okay. We didn't particularly care for the shows we saw, and usually left early. The entertainment staff really worked hard at trying to put on the shows for us and many of them are very talented. But generally we didn't enjoy the shows. Every show started off with some audience participation. One in particular was all audience participation - it had 5 males in the audience come on stage for the Mr. Ocean competition - wacky stunts and the like,including getting dressed up in drag and lip synching to an American singer. This seemed to go on for a very long time, and some of the stunts the volunteers were asked to do really weren't appropriate for the children in the audience.The shows, announcements, sporting activities, etc are done in three languages - Spanish, English and French - to accommodate the multinational guest population. I was very impressed by that. I sometimes found it hard to communicate with some staff members with my very limited Spanish. If you travel with someone who speaks Spanish, you'll have an easier time requesting things or getting questions answered, but generally speaking, I was usually able to convey what I had to in English. The staff at the front desk spoke English very well.We didn't try any of the excursions, because we felt we didn't need to. My kids rode the banana boat and I tried Kayaking, but didn't partake in snorkeling or windsurfing and the like. I was happy enoughplaying beach volleyball every day!As other reviewers pointed out, when you leave breakfast, you will likely be approached by staff members wearing golf shirts with Royal on them (the owners of the resort), in an attempt to try to sell you timeshares. Simply smile and say no, gracias and they'll usually back down. None of them were arrogant or pushy or anything like that.Previous reviewers suggested bring lots of singles and fives for tips. We usually tipped the bellhops, and after we left a note for the maid to leave us additional towels and body lotion, we gave her a tip, for which she seemed very thankful. Otherwise, we didn't tip excessively, and ended up using most of the money on Thursday night when the vendors showed up selling stuff. That was quite an experience...for four beaded necklaces, one vendor wanted $115!! Don't be afraid to bargain, either, because I ended up buying the necklaces for $20. You'd think they were made of gold! I have no ideawhere the $115 came from but it really was too funny. We also purchased a few shirts for very reasonable prices.Well, hope this helps future travellers to the resort the way that past reviews helped me!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>georgiagirl31
<Content>Beware I can't tell you what the resort itself is like, because we were switched to another hotel the night before we were due to arrive. My husband and I made plans to travel with another couple to Ocean Blue. We were notified Friday night by CheapCaribbean.com that the hotel had overbooked and we were being moved. Fortunately we were moved to the same hotel as our friends, along with approximately 100 other guests. Our Cheapcaribbean rep told us that for the trouble, Ocean Blue would comp us a free weeks stay to be used any time in the next two years and would be giving us a package upon our arrival at the airport. Upon arrival, an Ocean Blue rep told us that we were moved to another resort because of some problems they had had with their computer system - all of the reservations did not go through, therefore they were overbooked. He then told us that we would have a package in the mail the next day explaining what happened and offering us a free week's stay to be used any time in the next ONE year's time. Then he very quickly shooed us off with a wave of his hand, ordering someone to take us to the different resort. We had spent months reviewing and researching resorts and had chosen Ocean Blue only to be sent to a place we had never heard of - now it's been over a week since that conversation and we have yet to receive anything in the mail. Nor has anyone answered any emails we have sent....although their site says they will get back to you in 24 hours...  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beaudoinmichael
<Content>Fabuleous Resort - Highly Recommended       Fabuleous Room 9210  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>needingGolf
<Content>Best Dominican Vacation Yet!       Gorgeous Lobby  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clallen
<Content>Wonderful vacation at Ocean Blue After reading numerous negative and positive reviews about the Ocean Blue, we decided to spend our spring break at Ocean Blue and decide for ourselves.We were there from April 1st through April 8th.There were 16 of us that went and let me begin by saying that all of us had a wonderful time. My husband and I along with my daughter and her friend, stayed in a Junior Deluxe Suite in Bldg. 10. We did do the Elite package and we felt it was worth every penny. The room was beautiful, comfortable, and clean. We were on the third floor, with views of the pool and ocean. The maids were wonderful and we always had a stocked bar and fresh towels. We did have issues with the water a few times, but if you took your showers before 4pm and after 5:15, we always had hot water and ok pressure. But we understood that the water situation is a little different in Punta Cana then in the U.S. The rest of our crew stayed in Bldg. 3 and 4 and felt the same as us. The lighting was a little different but I never had an issue with reading at night and not being able to see.The food was great, especially the Buffet at Breakfast and Dinner. There was alway's a different selection each night and always something there for all of us to eat. For Breakfast, the omelte's, pancake's and homemade doughnut's were all of our favorite's. Route 66 was ok, but if you are expecting a milkshake with ice cream, you will be disappointed. We also ate at the Mexican and Italian restaurant's and they were both delicious. We did attempt the lobster dinner on the Beach, (included in our package) and after soup and appetizer, we had to leave, the mosquito's were so bad. That was the only time we encountered any bug's.As for the people that were selling timeshare's, they only came up to us once and that was it. No one at any time was pushy.The beach's were beautiful and the weather was perfect.It was a wonderful vacation and we will be visiting Punta Cana again in the future.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenncaz
<Content>AWESOME!!!!!!!! Just returned April 6th from Ocean Blue and would highly recommend it to everyone. We were there for 8 days and could have easily stayed for 8 more! We stayed in Villa 9 and we had a room facing the back, which was fine with us to not wake up to the noise of the pool crowd every morning, and to be able to listen to the sounds of the ocean instead. It was a fine trade off for us. We sampled 6 of the 9 restaurants, and we found the service and the food great. We ended up liking the buffet the best because of the all of the freshly cooked offerings that meet any kind of hunger desire you may be having. There were offerings from steak, pork chops, hamburgers, hot dogs, chicken and stir fry to pizza, baked potatoes, corn on the cob, french fries,ice cream, crepes, lots of salads, and huge assortments of breads and rolls, and sooooo much more to chose from. They also had top shelf alcohol, and were very generous about the amount of alchohol they used in the drinks. We took large 34 oz. insulated mugs, and had no problem getting them filled all day long.The service was fine whether you tipped or not. They did not treat you any differently, nor deny providing you service if you did not tip them. They seemed to us that they were appreciative to just have a job!We did book the photographer for an hour and we were so thankful that we did, for the photos that she took were remarkable! We took some up by the resort in clothing, than changed and took more down by the beach in bathing suits. She captured such beautiful and candid shots that we could have never done. Remember, you do not pay for the photographer's time, but only for the pictures you chose to purchase. This is highly recommended to do, especially if you have children. We saw some of the most amazing photos of children taken while playing in the sand or in the water.We did an excursion on the Carribean Festival which was a boat that took you snorkeling by some reefs and even snorkeling with nurse sharks and sting rays! It was about a four hour excursion, which included transportation time on a fun bus to the boat about 20 minutes away.We did book a couples massage at the spa which was a 30 minute spa in a very classy and clean environment. Again, the service was awesome and the massage was so relaxing. We would also recommend this. They even offer massages on the beach and by the pool on these great open aired huts.We booked this flight through Expedia, and were very surprised to find out they had a representative (like Apple does) available on site to help you with your stay and any questions or concerns you may have. She was always located in the lobby and was very helpful in recommending excursions for us.The grounds very, very, very well kept and clean. They power sprayed the lounge chairs and cleaned the beach every night and morning. The setting was very tropical with flamingos, flowering trees, and palm trees with coconuts everywhere you went. You can walk the massive beach for hours, and just look and see how the Ocean Blue Resort tops all other resorts in Punta Cana.I have been to Jamaica and St. Thomas, and I loved Punta Cana and this resort more than my previous two other trips!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GreekOstrich
<Content>great hotel, pools, beach, but book elsewhere if you will play GOLF My two girlfriends and I are teachers, and we spent our Spring Break at the Ocean Blue, March 26 - April 2. I had spent weeks before the trip reading the reviews (which were helpful!), so I will try to focus on areas that are not often addressed.First of all, I must say that overall, our experience at Ocean Blue was excellent. The staff was efficient, friendly, pleasant, and always had a smile for you. The layout of the resort was unique, and although quite spread out, the walking was manageable. One negative about the layou: very little view of the beautiful ocean. We were in Villa 4, third floor facing the pools, and in order to see the gorgeous turquoise water of the ocean, you would have to stick your head way out over the balcony! Take advantage of eating lunch at the beach side buffet and walking/sitting on the beach for the tropical views.GOLF:Our basic requirements for vacation: great weather ie. SUN SUN SUN.......good (and lots) of food  drink, and GOLF. Our travel agent recommended this resort for the golf. Yes, it is located right across the street from White Sands Golf Course, and hotel guests are offered a discount at the course. However, I do not recommend playing there. Although the clubhouse is beautiful, the actual course was awful. The layout was fine, but the whole place was raggy and looked like a war zone. The greens were the worst I have ever seen. We did not even feel safe on the course, after being approached by men asking for handouts a couple of times. Only nine holes were open at the time we were there. You have the option of playing nine twice for $70. Nine hole price (we could only tolerate nine holes): $49.....We were driven to the course and back from the hotel in a cart with an attached wagon for the clubs. That only took a few minutes. If you are looking for proximity, just want to swat the ball around, and don't want to spend a lot, then you may want to try White Sands. If you are going to the Dominican to play golf, then book at a hotel that offers guest rates at a nearby course of better quality.We then booked a round of golf at the Catalonia Caribe Golf Club through our Apple Rep. Much better! Although the course is fairly new, we enjoyed the 18 holes there. No ocean views, but the course was in good shape. Our $90 fee included cart, 18 holes of golf, tax, AND transportation to the course and back with a Go-Golf shuttle. Bring your own bottles of water...they will charge you at this course. (And at White Sands, they filled a cooler with a spigot with tap water, and placed it on a bag of ice, SO I would suggest bringing your own bottled water there, too!) The drive took about 20 minutes.Between Ocean Beach and the Caribe Golf Club was Cocotal Golf  Country Club. Even though we did not play there, it LOOKED nice as we drove by. The fairways, I was told, are wide and forgiving, and the fee (if you're not staying at the Melia Caribe, where you would only pay the $35 cart fee): $130 p/p (includes cart  taxes), with a 3 day package of $330.WEATHER:Well, I guess they put an umbrella in the room for a reason!....I had scoped out the internet weather sites and the forecast looked grim. Actually, it seems that scattered showers are predicted on a daily basis. I was assured that the weather would be lovely, with an occasional evening quick shower...Our USA 3000 flight from Chicago arrived a half hour early, so we were looking forward to some pool time. Wrong! It rained for two days, and I would even call the rain on the second day, torrential downpours! We were starting to get depressed about the lack of sun.......then luckily el sol made its appearance, and we did end up getting quite good tans. The weather is like Chicago....wait a few minutes and it changes...The wind became outrageous (we joked about the gale force winds!) but it didn't really hamper any activities, even the golf......The temperature never was lower than 72 degrees, although you should bring a jacket in the evening for the air-conditioned restaurants.....and VERY chilly casino and disco.....Also, bring an additional small umbrella, if there are more than two of you.ROOM:If you are honeymooning, AVOID room 4325 ! The headboards were not attached to the bedframe, and the bed slid as I sat up in it, with the headboard almost crashing down on my head!The jacuzzi has no plug. Yes, bring your own light bulbs.FOOD:I was being careful with what I ate. Didn't care for the buffets, except the pizza, croissants, and freshly fried donuts were great. We only felt queasy a couple of times, and in my case, I think it was from too much sun and vino tinto (red wine) ! Loved the macaroons at Mike's Coffe Shop. The a la carte dinners were good, especially the fish at the Dominican, Italian, and Mexican. Don't miss trying the mamajuana (potent national drink) at the Italian and have a shot of some concoction in a jug with the hostess at the end of your meal at the Dominican.By the way, most of the restaurants are located right behind the lobby area. You do not need reservations. If there is a long wait, put in your names, go do something else, then come back for an enjoyable dinner.A FEW MORE THINGS:The blue pool is quieter. Bartender makes great margaritas. The yellow pool, closer to the ocean, offers more activities, water aerobics, dance lessons, etc. Towels are obtained from a building near the ocean.....and.........don't miss a photo op with Brenda the monkey. Will definitely crack you up when you see the photos!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>oceanwood
<Content>Wonderful Vacation We had 3 couples, 50's, stay the first week of March. It was fabulous. The grounds are absolutely beatiful and the rooms are very good. You would really have to look hard to find things to complain about. We didn't bother looking and had a great time. The buffet food was very good and really was better than the ala carte restaurants. The selection was unbeleivable so there should never be a problem finding something for everybody. The best part was the people. They were so friendly and always smiling. On a couple of occassions when they couldn't understand what we wanted they went and got someone who could understand English a little better. The golf course was very nice although they don't expect the back to open until June 2007. It was fun and more challenging than expected. We did hear a few people complain about hot water, we never had a problem. We all stayed on the first floor of villa 5 and it seemed the problems were on the 2nd  3 rd floor. The lobster on the beach was nice but I probably wouldn't do it again. As others have said before take lite bulbs and $1 bills to spread around. They are very poor and although we didn't see a difference in service when we didn't tip, they did seem to very much appreciate it. The only reason we wouldn't go back is to try new places, but this place was great. If you go, I really don't think you'll regret it.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Jaimer80
<Content>Do not stay here!!!!! Do not stay here. The rooms are mold infested, musty, and the beds are covered in dirty linens. We were moved 4 times in one week. Shower would stop periodically and not come on again for 20 minutes. One night the air conditioner stopped working and we had to move at 3am! No apologies from the staff. The buffet food is not only down-right disgusting and inedible (egg shells in the scrambled eggs) but the same every day. Some restaurants are decent, but Route 66 gave me something that they called ribs, but I never experienced an animal such as this. If you want to lose weight stay here. In the rain, the entire property floods. The front desk staff are rude and unaccomodating. This was truly an infuriating experience. The property, beach and pool areas are beautiful, but this is a pile of [--] in a gold wrapper!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>BarrieSally
<Content>Had a great time, from Barrie, ontario We just got back on the 29th from Ocean Blue. We had a great time. check in was quick. we were with another couple, they ended up in villa 10 the elite room which was a bonus for them. it was a great room.we were in villa #2. It was a smaller of all the buildings which I really liked. We didn't hear anything at night.The four of us found the resort wonderful and relaxing. Yes if you went and showered around 5pm there was no hot water DUH, it still is a third world country. We'd shower around 6:30 and always had lots of hot water. we never noticed any smell or rodents.We found the staff very friendly for the most part, the language barrier if hard, but use sign or show them, they were very helpful.Food was good, a little boring but then again third world country, everything has to be brought in. al e cartes were goodWe also went on the snorkling 1/2 day. LOVED ITWe went to relax and get some sun. We got it all.I really have no complaints, except the furniture. The lobby, restaurants  rooms have all this really nice wicker furniture (not the beds they were great) really nice to look at, but god the stuff isuncomfortable.Mikes coffee house is awesome if you like coffeeThe resort is right next to the market and they didn't really push you as I thought they would.I'd love to go there again and take my teenagers, they'd love it  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>imthesparkman
<Content>Loved the ocean blue       the big couch  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cyndi39
<Content>Great Value, Family friendly resort We have just returned from our first visit to Punta Cana. We traveled with four other families (21 people total) with kids ranging in ages from approximately 7 through 17 years old. This resort offered plenty to do for all of us. If you were bored, it was your own fault! The activities director on the beach did an awesome job involving the guests in many activities (beach volleyball, dart throwing, water balloon toss, egg toss, etc.). There were beach activities, water sports, the bowling alley (which was a big hit with our kids), billiards, casino, archery, etc.  Some of the things you may want to know before heading to this resort might be to bring light bulbs as the lighting is very dim. We recplaced the light bulbs immediately (this was a tip one of the members of our group found on this site prior to our trip). Also, bring coffee mug/cooler type of cups with lids. The bartenders are great about filling those up for you. This eliminates sand and dibris from entering your drink and also keeps them cold. Cash is the way to go at this resort. Most of the water sports on the beach are less expensive if you pay with cash. American money is accepted. We only took American money. However, after parasailing, snorkeling, massages, tips, etc., the cash goes pretty quickly. Bring mucho dinero for your extras! Also, the lunch buffet was to open at 11:30 am. We tried to eat at 11:45 and was told it was not open for fifteen more minutes. I found out later, this is known as Dominican Time. Things are very laid back and you need to learn to go with the flow. After all, you are on vacation, so there is no hurry!  You will receive towel cards in your room. In order to have a beach towel, you will need to turn in your cards for towels at the beach on a daily basis. It would be nice if another towel station was open pool-side.  Initially, our safe did not work and our door would not lock. Do not let this discourage you. We called service and this was all fixed in a matter of minutes.  Our only complaint was that our showers were cold. We generally showered around 5-6:00 pm. On our last day, we discovered we could have had this fixed by maintenance. This was our own fault, we should have spoke up rather than assuming that this is just the way it is.  Having been to other all-inclusive resorts, we felt this resort offered much more in the way of activities, drinks, and food. Other resorts would water down the drinks and these drinks were plenty strong all of the time. We were impressed that the margaritas were made individually rather than from a margarita machine. The bartenders were great and our service was good. Our kids were enjoying the fact that they could order their virgin drinks all day long (mostly dirty monkeys and Miami Vice's). The bartenders were great about making all of our kids drinks as well. They never made us feel like our kids were a burden to them.  This resort offered activities for all of our kids, no matter what age. It was very family freindly. A few evenings, we sat in the lobby or the sports bar and played card games involving the kids and adults. It was a safe environment for them as well and the kids loved that they could walk to the bowling alley to bowl without us if they wanted to.  Our family has never booked a vacation off of the Internet before so I have to say we were a little leary. The resort and the entire week was a pleasant surprise and the weather was great.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>walleyedude
<Content>Great Group trip for Wedding!       villa 2  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>wloggins
<Content>Fun for everyone We just got back from ocean blue last week. It was a great time for the family. Myself hubbie and 3 kids 4 6 8 years old. First I would like to say if you live by your watch set it back 10 minutes. The people are really laid back which is great but it also means things tend to open about 10 minutes late.FOOD there is indeed something for everyone. We went to the sit down restaurants which were nice but they opened about 10 min. after they were supposted to and there is a line when they first open the doors. I would suggest going about 7:30 to eat by then the initial crown is gone and you get your food a bit faster. The food was good everywhere and the buffet was wonderful.WEATHER Wonderful, I cant say enough about appling sunscreen regularly. It was real hot between 1-3 so we would go bowl or go to mikes for coffee and some AC.POOLS Very big and clean. As you have probably heard people lay thier towles out at 7 am and dont return for most of the day. This is a REAL bad habit people have and very frustrating for us who actually want to sit by the pool and watch thier kids. There are signs between the pools stating you are NOT allowed to reserve seats. I was told by a resort worker if you are at the pool for a hour and no one comes to the seats with the towels on it then to remove the towel and take the seat. If you are not comfortable doing so then ask the security gaurd and he will do it for you.RESORT It was beautiful and very clean. Our room on the ground level was a bit musty smelling but we cranked up the AC and it went away by the 2nd day. Also if you are a lite sleeper you dont want to be on the ground floor, as people are walking by your door on a regular basis at night . No problems with water at all. Maid always restocked the frige.KIDS CLUB The kids liked it, but there wasnt any organized activities like I thought there would be. But the girl was very nice and I felt safe leaving the kids there.EXTRAS Lucia at the photo shop was great, we did a secion with her and our pictures are the best thing we brought back home with us. My hushband went scuba and loved it. $90. we also did the mariuimm snorkling it was fun and the fish were great you also swim with sharks and sting rays. $156 for me and my hushband. So to sum it up relax and have fun, slow down and smile and you will have no problems with the staff. When waiting at the bar be sure to make eye contact with the barkeep I found that helped. They can be very busy at times.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lowee
<Content>Worth the trip My husband and I along with another couple stayed at the Ocean Blue March 12th thru the 18th. We have been to Mexico several times and the Bahamas and truly enjoy the white sand beaches hot sun and carribean waters. After reading some of the early Jan  Feb reviews I was a little concerned about this particular trip as I had not known anyone who had been to Punta Cana. I must say I found this trip to be one of the best. The Staff at our resort were very accomodating to our wishes(we really didn't have to ask for too much of anything. Water in our room was replaced daily, along with fresh linens and amenities as needed. Our room was always clean and there was always someone working in the Villa gardens removing dead blossoms and cleaning the floors. The weather was beautiful as I understand it is most of the time. The Ocean and the beach was perfect. If you want to get away from it all and just relax this is a wonderful resort to go to. You do have to get up fairly early to get a lounger at the pool or beach but We didn't have a problem with that either as we are early risers (6am). The food was fine. I thought it was easier to eat at the buffets than to wait in line for the specialty restaurants(although we did without a problem). We did not have a problem with bugs or biting insects at all-maybe it was the time of year. We walked the beach every morning for our daily excersise along with many many other vacationers and guess what-plenty of room for all of us. Language was not a problem since one of our party spoke some spanish and only a few time got a funny look or giggle-must have been something he meant to say but didn't...We stayed in Villa 5 which is the Apple villa and perfect location between the restaurants and beach. Yes there is some walking that has to be done but unless you have limitations on mobility it's not a problem. So-if you are leary of staying here because of a poor review, I have to say the person who wrote the review had the problem and not the resort.Go, relax and enjoy.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jchez
<Content>Comfortable accomidations Stayed at Ocean Blue March 9th to the 16th. It is truely amazing reading different reviews and getting differing opinions but I must say the people who really disliked this place are probably the ones who you could never please. We upgraded to the Elite club as we were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary. Was it worth the money is questionable but there are some nice perks, you get the rooms closest to the ocean and you do get priority seating at the alacarte restraunts. We requested and received a room with a pool and partial ocean view. The staff working the check in at the Elite club were fantastic. They truely wanted to make sure our stay was enjoyable. We arrived around 2:30 p.m. and were in our room within 15 minutes with our luggage following about 10 minutes later. Although this resort is not perfect it was head and shoulders above the four star resorts I have stayed at in Cancun. Some staff members were friendlier that others but I did not find any who were rude and as far as the communication barrier. Their was none. I am far from spanish literate but had no problem communicating. The beach and pools are gorgeous. The main problem here is people saving chairs that they use for a couple of hours. Unfortunatly if you do want a chair you have to do the same thing. We usually went out around 8:30 and were still able to get chairs but there were just the two of us. If you have a larger group you will have to be out earlier. Resorts need to do something to stop this practice. Food was not gourmet but many items were very good. Again with all of the choices if you could not find something you liked you are one of the unpleasable. Yes they do have some issue's with hot water and water pressure at the prime showering times. Also we did get woken up at 4 in the morning one night by some drunken kids banging on doors trying to find there room. I had hoped to avoid the spring break kids by going to the Dominican but some of them unfortunatly found there way there. Nothing like spring break in Cancun though. All things considered the good far out weighed the bad and we would not hesitate to stay here again. Remember you are not in the U.S this is a very poor country. Lossen up and enjoy yourself. Vacations are to short to not enjoy yorself.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anastasia74
<Content>Rats in the Room!               
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	3	1	2	2	3	

<Author>cadenise
<Content>Not my favorite Positives: Pool was gigantic and had 2 swimup bars which was great. Beach access was easy and great views. Airport was only a 30 min taxi ride. It was $33 USD for one way. Negatives: The resort was massive and guests took shuttles to get around the resort. Felt like we were at a strip mall. Lightbulbs used are energy efficient and gave off a blue hue. So, once the sun set, you were in a very dimly lit hotel room and always straining to see your room clearly. Rooms were musky and smelled like smoke, since there is no non-smoking rooom designation. Food was unexciting. Pasta stations, sandwich stations, stir-fry, fish. Never felt like we had a choice of truly healthy foods, since most was drenched in oil. Same food every night, so that was disappointing. Hotel activities started very late. The nightly show was at 9:30p and disco, bowling, etc all seemed to have late starts, such as 11pm. Tips: Tipping tending to get better service, ask for premium liquor or you will get a non-recognizable brand. A lot of people brought large plastic coffee mugs since the cups that drinks were served in were very small. Bring snacks. The market at the resort was very overpriced. A snickers bar and bag of chips was $7 USD. Sunscreen was $16 USD. It was a nice vacation, to relax and hang out at the pool and beach. But, disappointed to not have a more tropical environment.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>flytox
<Content>The best vacation of my life We stayed at the Ocean Blue Golf from 03/18/2007 to 03/25/2007Me and my wife really enjoyed our stay in Punta Cana. This pplace is a real paradise. Everything is perfect:-The food is fresh-The service is imppecable-The site is outreagous-The people are very frendly-The beach is long to walk and the water is perfectly clean and blue.Just stay away from the guys from Royal, you can't miss them, just walk away and ignore them because they can be --When you buy your souvenirs, never pay more than 30% of what they ask, don't be shy because they will take advantage of you. Only buy your cigars at the hotel. If you get them at the beach, you will get fake ones. (real cigar leaf outside and banana leafs inside)If you whant to take a trip, go to the Marinarium. It's a half day trip of snorkle and a small cruse for about 75$usd. Worth every penny.Have fun  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rtlh
<Content>Decent to Good There were Positives and Negatives.I booked thru Apple Vacations and they could not have been more accommodating. Getting me in. Getting me out, answering questions and making sure everything was OK. (They are a customer of mine at work but that had nothing to do with this vacation as I got no break and didn't expect to).The room was cleaned early every day. The Pool was great and the beach was beautiful. There was plenty to do. The entertainment was great. Nightlife was good but could have been better. It was OK for a mid 40's individual like myself but for party goers in their 20's it may not have been up to par. They also did have top shelf liquor but you had to ask.The resort is oblong and walking from my room to the entertainment area and restaurants was tough even though they had shuttle service. I always seemed to miss it or it was going the other way. It would not have been so bad except I had a bad knee.The issues I had were that there were not enough functions for single people. I kind of felt out of place. (But this may have had to do with my travel agent)The food while not bad was very bland. I don't go to a resorts or trips for food but really good food can enhance a vacation.Alot of the help did not speak enough English (Catch phrases are not enough) when about 50% of your guests speak only English. In the hospitality industry it is extremely important to know your audience. Everyone has to know this, from the General Manager to the person who sweeps the floors. Hot water. I had an issue in my room when I arrived but it was corrected in 1/2 hour. However their was not enough pressure. I was by my self and if I was with someone it probably would not have been enough. Also the Jacuzzis did not have hot water. Other resorts I stayed at the Jacuzzis always had hot water.Overall it was nice. Very relaxing. Despite the complaints I did not ask for anything back or vouchers to use in the future for incontinence as I have done a few times in the past.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DuluthMNLoved-it
<Content>Don't worry it's a great resort! First I want to say put your worries to rest and go have a good time. I too was very nervous about the bad reviews. It really is a beautiful resort. I have traveled alot Europe, Mexico, Jamica and cruises so I know what I comparing. Use common sense, why would you leave valuables out when there is a safe right there to use! I don't leave valuables out in a US hotel. We just returned from Ocean Blues we took our famiily and had 3 rooms 2 on the blue side and one on the sand side. Check in was no problem and it went very quickly and there was a big group of us checking in at one time. All eleven pieces of our luggage was in our room within 15 minutes. Two of our rooms where ready and one was not, no big deal said it would be ready in a couple of hours we checked in at 2:00 pm. When we went back to check on room the room we were assigned the people decided not to leave so they gave us another room over on the sand side we were all adults so it did not matter. The rooms are good size and clean. We found the beds to be comfortable. Never had a problem with hot water water, pressure was low acouple of times at the peak shower time 5:30 to 6:30 but that would happen in any resort remeber your not in the US. If you looking for US standards stay in the US. The pools and beach are great. The food was good.The service at the the ala-carts was slow but when you fill a place in 5 minutes your going to get slow service they do there best with the staff they have. If you don't want the hassle the buffet is excellent there is something for every taste there. Golf was OK not great. they will come and pick you up at the lobby and take you to the course, it's $49.00 for 9 holes the other nine are not open yet. As I sit here and write this I am trying thing of one real negtive thing to report and the only one that comes to mind is that I had to come home. Look outside the resort you are staying in luxury for this country.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>di_lithium
<Content>Wonderful Spring Break!       The view from the beach buffet  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FloridaDog
<Content>Pretty, but pretty ugly       beautiful beach  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>girlet17
<Content>Very Disappointing compared to other Punta Cana resorts My husband and I stayed at this resort from March 9 to March 16 2007. The problems with this resort started right on arrival. When I booked through Apple Vacations, I emphasized to the travel agent that I wanted a king size bed in the room, regardless of floor, view or proximity to the beach. When we checked in, we had two small beds in our room. Right away we called the front desk and tried to switch, but they said they were not going to have anything until the next day and we should try then. Fortunately they did switch our rooms but we had to bring all our luggage back to the lobby only to have to take it back to another room in the same villa - very uncoordinated. Both rooms were very poorly lit and had a musty smell to it, the linnens were old, one of the beds had a broken leg. One of the little vaity mirrors fell of the wall in the middle of the night all by itself scaring my husband and myself. Our room did not get cleaned every day, we had to put a sign on the door in order for them to clean it and restock the fridge. The hotel was booked to capacity, which is understandable because this is prime spring break time. However, there were never enough loungers on the beach or at the pool. My husband and I both work and go to school, so we have to get up early almost every day. I did not think I would have to get up at 6 am during my vacation in order to reserve 2 beach chairs. But apparently that is what people were doing in order to find a seat on the beach or by the pool. I was very disappointed by this. In general the beach and the pool area were very nice, but the fact that there was literaly nowhere to sit and you had to fight for every beach lounger made us enjoy it much less. The other factor that ticked up off was the fact that there was no hot water in the rooms between 10:30 am and 5 pm. After getting home from the beach aroun 3:30 pm exhausted and dirty we found that we couldn't get cleaned up until 5 pm. We complained several times, but it was to no avail. And when they would finally turn the water on at 5 pm the pressure would be so poor that it would take me 25 minutes just to rinse the shampoo out of my hair. The food and drinks were very disappointing. The main buffet was ok for breakfast because of the omlet bar and fresh fruit. We always had lunch at the snack bar on the beach. The food there was not only horrible, but the same every single day. There were a couple of days when we would eat only fruit for lunch. Dinner at the main buffet was not good, meat was generally always overly salted. I did not think that potatoes could be bad, but they managed to make them uneatable. As far as the a la carte restaurants, the fact that they did not take reservations and you had to sometimes wait 2 hours to get a table made the experience horrible. I stayed at two other DR all inclusive hotels before and both times upon arrival you could make a reservation for every a la carte restaurant for a particular time and when you arrived at that time your table would be ready. I think this is a much smarter idea than having guests wait for 2 hours to get a table. And the food there was not even worth the wait. It was always oversalted, just not good. After a week of the food at this resort, the Wedy's at the airport tasted like supreme high cuisine. So if you are looking to loose some significant weight on your vacation go to this resort, because you will. The drinks also did not taste good, the strawberry daquiry mix tasted like children's Tylenol. Also at the beach and pool bars if you did not specifically ask for alchohol in your drinks you would not get it - very desceptive. But the biggest annoyance of the whole trip was the salesmen at every restaurant villa and the beach trying to solicit you to buy timeshares. They are rude, obnoxious and annoying. They attack you like hungry mosquitos! And there is no escape from them, they are everywhere and the follow you around even after you say no thanks. How can a hotel allow these pests on their property, they harrass guests, ogle at young girls and annoy the living daylights out of everyone! Absolutely unacceptable. My husband and I both work in retail and have to tell our names to customers. We did not want to tell our names to strange salesmen, and they would get really pushy and offended because we didn't. We came to get away from the daily grind, not to get harrassed by strangers. Overall our experience with Ocean blue was very disappointing. I will not recommend this resort to anyone nor will I stay there ever again. The poor food, the absence of hot water and extra beach chairs and the annoying salesmen, this vacation was such a bust thanks to Ocean Blue.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>andrew_belanger14
<Content>All show, No Go Ocean Blue/Ocean Sand is one resort. There is 345 rooms separated by a sidewalk and a pool and another 345 rooms on the other side. If you are looking for a smaller resort, this is not one of them. The actual resort is beautiful. The elite rooms are much nicer then the regualr rooms. There are 12 villas (6 on each side). The corridors in the villas are extremely noisy, since the doors only close loudly. The beach is beautiful and there is plenty to do. Our group consisted of 9 teenagers and 4 couples. The service is ok. There is not enough staff for the number of guests. The food is pretty bad. The breakfast and lunch buffets are exactly the same everyday. No vegetables!!!!! The only salad served is ice-burg soaking in water. The a la carte restaurants are just ok too. The only way to get a reservation is if you are an elite club member, otherwise you will probably be eating at the buffets. Several of our travellers got ill from the food. This is an beautiful resort that needs a good manger to come in and fix some things, if not it is a three star at best. Won't visit again, but enjoyed ourselves at spring break.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>veek61
<Content>Bring snacks! We are a family of four (45, 47, 13, and 15) and stayed at the Ocean Blue for 6 days beginning March 12, 2007. We would recommend this resort and offer the following tips.We booked a package through an on-line travel agency. When you arrive in the DR airport, you will have to pay $10 per person for a tourism card - this is mandatory and doesn't get you anything but entry into the country. After paying for this, we were bombarded by people offering to take our bags (and acting very official-like, like they were supposed to take them) and people offering transportation, timeshares etc. We just walked on through with a firm grip on our bags saying no thank you, no thank you repeatedly. We found our transportation company fairly easily and got on the bus for a 1/2 hour ride to the resort. The ride is not bad and you get to see a little of the country along the way.Check-in at the resort was pretty quick. We had requested two adjoining or at least proximate rooms - one with king bed and the other with two doubles. We were assigned two rooms on the first floor of building 10 - which is closest to the beach and right by the pool, and primarily for the elite customers (which we did not pay for) - but not adjoining. I said something to the check-in guy and he kept reassuring me that the rooms were very close. They ended up being about 10 rooms apart! Since our teenagers were going to have their own room, I was not sure this was a great idea - but we clearly were in the best building of the resort so we decided to just shut up. Also, the kids' room had a king bed instead of two doubles - but there is a daybed in every room so my son took that and let my daughter have the king bed. If you want to be near the beach and the activities, request building 10, 9, 8 and you will be happy. Lower numbered buildings are better if you want quiet and to be close to the restaurants.The rooms were nice and large. Bathrooms have jacuzzi tubs and are also large. We had a patio/balcony looking out at the pool. The beds are fairly comfortable - but the sheets don't stay on. There is a small fridge in each room that they keep stocked with water, pepsi, and 7-up. Twice I left a note in the fridge with $2USD for the maid asking for extra water or for diet pepsi and they obliged every time.The rooms are quite dark because they are using those new low-energy lightbulbs. It is definitely worth it to bring 4 lightbulbs down with you - two for the bathroom and one for each side of the bed.It was extremely humid when we were there so everything felt damp and musty all the time. My son figured out that if you crank the A/C during the day when you are out and about, the room will stay dry - then you just adjust it to your comfort level when you return to the room.The pools are beautiful as is the beach. There is one pool that is very active and loud, where the entertainment staff use loudspeakers to organize activities from 10am-noon and again from 3-5pm. This is the pool by buildings 10 and 9. The other pool is by buildings 8 and 7 and is quieter. Both have swim up bars. We walked all along the beach and passed Iberostar, Riu Palace, and Bahia principe - Ocean Blue looked like the nicest of them - but they all are on the same gorgeous stretch of beach. There are vendors selling art and jewelry and clothing right on the beach in a series of 12-15 shacks right next to the Ocean Blue beach. The vendors are friendly but very aggressive and try to steer you to their shack. They all pretty much are selling the same stuff and you should negotiate all prices. A painting that initially was priced at $45USD, I ended up getting 3 of them for $50.Food is just barely average, but there is a lot of it. If you want to eat in one of the restaurants, you have to either line up at 6pm (they open at 6:30) or wait to eat until about 9pm. Otherwise anywhere you go will have an hour wait. We ate at the mexican restaurant which was mediocre (granted we're from Austin TX) and in the Route 66 restaurant -ok, but not great. The rest of the time we ate the buffets. Mike's Coffeehouse is really good for coffees and sweets.We used the bowling alley quite a few times and that was a good break for the kids. We went to the beachfront entertainment one night - but never went into the casino or did the evening shows. We did not use the spa services. The fitness center is small - and busy in the mornings. They have two elliptical machines, two stationary bikes, two treadmills, and universal and free weights.For any daytime activities you need to plan ahead. We waited to plan our horseback ride on the beach until our last day and then got shut out. We did the banana boat ride for $7 per person and that was a lot of fun (about 20 minute ride). You can use a credit card to pay for the water activities.Despite this being an all-inclusive resort, you should bring lots of cash. Everyone wants/expects to be tipped and there are some things you must have cash for - like hair braiding and henna tattos and some of the daytime activities. Even the resort store only takes cash! And it is pricey - a little bag of potato chips is $5, a box of 8 tampons was $5 - but the t-shirts were $13 so go figure. And even though there is food available 24x7, sometimes you may just want snacks - a bag of chips or a candy bar in your room instead of an entire room service meal or going to the buffet.Would we go back? Probably not - but only because we like trying new places and rarely return to somewhere we've been before. The resort is really very nice and compares favorably with other all-inclusives we have been to.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>N2Signs
<Content>Pros  We stayed at the Ocean Blue Golf  Beach Resort for Spring Break March 8th - 14th, 2007. Overall, we did have a good time. The weather was absolutuley beautiful, the grounds are kept immaculate and the beach and pool area are great. We did have someone in our group that always gets up early anyway and would get beach towels and save chairs each morning by the beach and pool, so that was never a problem for us. No one in our group, we went with another family, ever felt the food was just incredible! It was very average, we thought. I think the one restaurant we all liked the most was the Italian place. The service in all the restaurants are very slow, there is no hurry to take your order. The rooms are large and brightly colored, but not brightly lit. We did take someones advice from this site and took a few 100 watt bulbs. It sounds silly, but it made a huge difference in a little thing. For a fairly new resort, the rooms are already showing the need for maintenance. Just little things, nothing major. There is a nice safe in a large closet and the bathroom is large. At different times of the day, there is no hot water, which was aggravating at times, especially knowing how much you paid and the fact, like I said, it's a fairly new resort. Their idea of 4 and 5 start resorts is not the same as America's. The beds were very hard and thin flat hard pillows. We tried to get some fluffier pillows, but got 4 more of the same. Which leads me to the next issue.Language! I can't stress enough, you can't know enough spanish before you go. There is a huge language barrier. I tried to speak very slowly and not use a bunch of extra slang words when speaking to them, because they know less english than we know spanish. One time at dinner, I got it across that I didn't want a certain two things on my sandwich, but that I wanted onions. They kept the two things off and I got mushrooms. I thought it was actually funny and ate it anyway. Our daughter is in Spanish 3, so she was able to do some communicating with them, but it was still very difficult on detail things. We booked this thru Apple Vacations and they were very helpful. There is a rep on site at a table at certain times of the day, and that person speaks english very well and if you have any issues, you should let them know. We have a 16 and 7 year old. We felt there was more geared toward the teen, but not as much for the younger one. But, she did have a friend that she was able to play with each day, so that part was ok. They were very genourous with the alcohol, so no complaints there! Almost every bartender has his or her own special drink so always check that out. Some of our groups favorites were: Ocean Blue (you get this one while you're checking in:) Dirty Monkey, Banana Mama, and of course the Coco Loco! So, in all I guess my biggest disappointment was the food, it was just very average. The last few days my stomach had had it. I would definitely recommend bringing all kinds of over the counter medications. Pain reliever/fever reducer, anything for stomach cramps and/or direahha, band aids, etc... We even went to our doctor the day before we left and he fixed us up with some antibiotics, swimmers ear drops, allergy pills, etc... which someone in our group used almost all of at one time or another. The sun is very intense and you need to monitor your time wisely the first few days. Our friends lips were very blistered by the third day. She looked like she had botox! (Very Bad!) All in all, we don't see ourselves going back to this resort. I have to admit, this was my firt trip out of the country and when we got back to St. Louis, we stopped at an Applebees for dinner and that never tasted so good!! So, for me, it may even be more of an out of the country thing than this particular resort. It was so beautiful and I'm so glad we went and it was an awesome experience for our kids, but I'm also very glad to live in the USA!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>MissAmericaCalgary
<Content>"All Inclusive" quite deceiving FIRSTLY THE DISLIKES/DISAPPOINTMENTS(1) Considering the Resort is less than 18 months old it was already getting rundown i.e. shower head was coming out of the wall, jets in tub were stuck in upwards mode - hence, the entire bathroom got sprayed when we tried to have a nice relaxing hottub(2) There were no beers in our so called daily stocked fridgeeverytime we called the desk to question why we were either told to try another desk or they suddenly didn't understand the English language(3) No hot water (literally shut off) between 10-11 am - not sure if that was all the Villas or just ours (No. 8)(4) Shortage of linen - had to track down the maids almost daily to get a washcloth or extra towel. Most days we were lucky to get 2 towels and a bath mat(5) We were there for almost 2 days before we finally got our beach towels - every time we went to the Aquatic Centre they were out of clean beach towels, tried at different times of the day from 9 am to 5pm(6) From 10:30 to noon there is no where to get food except the coffee shop which served only sweets or the gift shop for junk food unless you were an Elite Member(7) Harrassed daily by the HOLIDAY TOUR guys trying to sell time shares and when you told them not interested they became quite rude, they hung out outside the washrooms or outside the buffets so it was impossible to avoid them. They also hung outside your villa sometimes and on one occasion my 17 yr old neice and her girlfriend were harrassed by one (wont get into it as I want to make sure these comments make the site) but bottom line when they refused his advances he accused them it was because the color of his skin shame on him!(8) Inasmuch as the restaurants did not require a reservation we waited sometimes up to 2 hours to get a table - they really need to introduce the reservation plan(9) The 2 restaurants where you could make a reservation required payment which I believe was min. $35 US - so much for the all inclusive (10) The wine was horrible unless you paid for a bottle - again what part of all inclusive did I miss? I finally broke down and bought a bottle of Australian Red as I am one of those people who enjoys a glass of wine with dinner, price on menu was $32 US and they allowed me to charge it to my room, when check out time came I wanted to pay with credit card as I was out of pesos and didn't want to do another bank trip as I was trying to avoid bringing their money home as it is absolutely useless, you cannot exchange it back to real money and oddly enuf the Credit Card Machine was down. I then offered to pay in CDN funds as I am Cdn - they didn't like that, they wanted US, we finally negotiated on 1000 pesos and $5CDN - I had to yet again run to the bank machine for a withdrawal(11) The hard liquor was quite harsh - had little selection of premium alcohol - thank God I like my beers (12) The bar service on the beach started out good (first 3 days) but then went downhill drastically, had to wait around the bar to get a drink for sometimes up to 20 minutes, sometimes there would be 2 guys behind the bar, 1 serving, the other cleaning when there were roughly 15 people waiting for a drink - definitely need more bar staff on the beach and yes I did tip - I am quite generous - didn't always help. Oddly enuf whenever the boss showed up service improved until the boss left - hmmm!(13) Trying to get a second glass of bad wine in the Buffet was next to impossible, one day I asked 3 different staff members before I finally gave up and left - very disappointed (14) Some of the Vendors on the beach were quite pushy, I was getting my hair braided and a guy walked up and told me to come see him when I was done and advised me I'm gonna buy something from him, I said Yeah sure whatever well, later I returned to bring the girls who did my hair some lunch (as I know those Vendors are down there all day without much to eat) and this guy laid into me telling me I promised I was gonna buy something from him - which I did not, I had 2 hours to stare at his stuff while getting my hair done and saw nothing I wanted. They almost make you feel guilty if you don't buy and get quite rude if you stand your ground NOW FOR WHAT I DID LIKE - THERE IS SOME GOODS TO TELL(1) The lobby bar and entertainment was awesome. You didn't have to stand around the bar like a bunch of cattle waiting for a drink, we could sit at a table and get service(2) The entertainment was awesome - the guys on the saxophone/keyboard were great - got the crowd up dancing every nite and often times the staff joined in - man can they dance(3) The beach was beautiful - nice soft white sand and they had flood lights on at nite so you could take a nite swim/walk if you wanted to (4) The grounds were well secured and the security staff were quite friendly, you felt safe even if you had a wee buzz on walking back to your room at nite(5) Everything was in close proximity so you weren't exhausted say walking from the restaurants to the lobby to your room - and they did have a train and golf carts if you so wanted to indulge(6) Mikes Coffee Shop made wicked coffee - anything you could imagine and the staff always had a smile on - however, make sure you have shoes/shirt on or you can't get in(7) They had 2 pools - both of equal size - huge - and the water was warm, didn't really spend much time there tho' as I am more of a beach person myself but there was always something going on there i.e. Aquacize, Step Aerobics, Games, etc... also on the beach they had volley ball, bocciball (spelling?) and a few other games - all fun and the staff was very enthusiastic - got you into itOVERALL TIME SPENT AT OCEAN BLUEI went on this holiday because I needed a break from my everyday hectic life and needed some time alone with my boyfriend (like many of us working in the fast lane you have to escape and rejuvinate and we got that ) - inasmuch as I obviously was not impressed with some things it did not ruin my vacation, I did thoroughly enjoy myself - I waited til I got home before I sat down and evaluated the trip on a whole - thank goodness, otherwise it would have been all for not. Furthermore I hooked up with my sister and her family which I only see every couple years and we had a great time bonding again - nobody can take that away - I'll leave it to you if you should decide to visit this place - you are forwarned - don't judge a book by its cover. I most definitely do not blame the staff as we all know - somebody is getting fat and it sure ain't the locals  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>I_LOVE_VACATIONS58
<Content>Great family getaway at Ocean Blue! Our trip to the Ocean Blue was wonderful. The beach was absolutely stunning. You could walk for miles. The pools were just perfect. Lots of places to sit and enjoy wherever you wanted to be. Our son is in a wheelchair and he was able to get around quite independantly, but to remind people that their built to code for ramping is not quite the same as Canada or the USA. Ramps were pretty steep, he couldn't do them himself. We got him where he needed to go. The rooms were very accessible for him and the bathrooms were very spacious. The staff provided us with a shower chair as well. The buffets were great, so was Route 66. We did try the Dominican and it was OK. I preferred the buffets, and I could just try a little of everything. We stayed in Villa 8. #8103 and 8120. #8103 was very musty smelling. We had no choice, we needed the lower level. I think we just got use to it as the week went on. It is just the right size for a resort. The Sands is on one side Villas 6-10 and the Blue on the other side Villas 1-5. You could walk everywhere within a short time. I have been to a few resorts where you have to catch a 5 minute ride by the trolley train to get to your villa. This was just perfect. There were a few more people in wheelchairs there as well, and I think they managed fine. We flew with Airtransat Vacations on a Westjet flight out of TO. Great airline, and flight attendants. We were delayed 4 1/2 hours due to the ice storm. But we were happy we made it! We stayed from March 2-9th. We took a cab from the airport and it was about a 40 minutes ride (quite bumpy but they are building a new larger road). The cost of the cab was $33 USD both ways. It was worth it to us because of the wheelchair! It was a mini van.Raphael was an awesome staff member. He always took care of us at the beach buffet and also Route 66. Language barrier was a little tough, but we learned a little Spanish and the staff learned a little English, so it worked both ways. We were just patient and appreciated their beautiful country. Luis was the bartender at the pool bar for a couple of days and now he is happily living in Ottawa!.....and married!........I hope he has a winter coat! As for cleaning staff they were all very friendly and we left them little gifts, and some money. Our fridge was always stocked. Towels were a little scarce, but we managed. We didn't do alot of night life. We were too exhausted from enjoying the outdoors all day. It did rain at night, but in the morning the clouds headed back out to sea and left us with gorgeous days. We wondered why there were umbrellas in the rooms! We hope to go back next year. We were very comfortable there. I would recommend, bringing lots of sunscreen (prices are high there) and extra immodium! Some people need it and some don't! I would also take large plastic ziploc bags to keep your clothing in. I don't think anyone can avoid the mustiness in some of the rooms, so it is a way to keep your clothes nice and dry. Even with the air conditioning on everything felt damp. I think I would even bring a small kettle so I know my water is truly boiled for a hot cup of tea! The coffee was excellent! We didn't go on any excursions, but maybe next time we will. I did try the casino, no luck. No different than home. It is truly entertainment unless you have a lucky horseshoe inserted somewhere and you are having a very lucky day! :-) If anyone has any questions regarding accessibility please feel free to email me at shirls58@hotmail.com.Thanks Again Ocean Blue! We'll be back!House-Robb Family St. George ON Canada  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bumparker
<Content>Ocean Blue, take the kids. Just returned on 3/15 from a six day stay at Ocean Blue. Me, my wife and our two sons (ages 6 and 10) along with our friends and their 11 year old son all had a great time. I'll try to give a quick recap of the trip with the highs and lows:Resort - very nice, slightly amusement park like in some ways. We stayed in the Elite Club building 6 which was closest to the beach. Room was large and very comfortable. Hot water was spotty at times but no other issues.Beach - great, lots of people but plenty of chairs as well. For good location or shade get out there before 8 am. The beach is slightly European but our boys never noticed anything out of the ordinary. We spent most of our time on the beach. Water is absolutely beautiful.Restaurants - just like all inclusives in other countries, remember that most of the people working here probably don't really know what some of the food they are preparing should taste like. Some is very good, some is bland because it lacks it lacks proper spices. Example, the bacon is not salted like in the US. The Mexican restaurant actually had very good salsa and fajitas were OK as well (we're from Texas). The Italian was also very good but service was slow. The last night we ate at the steak restaurant where you have to pay but the food was very acceptable and the service was quite good. The lines for the ala carte restaurants start lining up about 45 minutes before opening. The other option is to wait until 9 pm when tables start opening up. Buffets are your best bet unless you don't mind waiting.Golf - the White Sands course is still only 9 holes but the other 9 appears very close to being open. The course is quite difficult due to winds, small and grainy greens, hard sand traps, etc. But the cost to play the 9 twice with cart is only $70. So, if you're a die hard golfer go ahead and bring your clubs. Two of us played 18 holes in 3.5 hours, not very crowded.Casino - on-site, open from 7pm - 3am, small with mostly blackjack and roulette as the draws. Larger casino about 1 mile away (they'll come pick you up) with all the regular ammenities.Trips - have day snorkling tour to the reef and with sharks and stingray is a must if you have kids. We had a great time. Manati Park is a waste of time and money.Summary - great beach, plenty of food and drink, great coffee shop. If you can't find a way to have a good time you're not letting it happen. We would return.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ecmommy19
<Content>Unbelievable The week was awesome, we had a blast, the hotel is beautiful, clean the beach spectacular and the food was great, I have no complaints except that I had a family emergency when I got home and my sister and her family were still there and they would not deliver the message to my sisters room, I also had a very important package delivered to my hotel and I never recieved it and I was blaming the courier service only to find out when i got home without the package it had been delivered to the hotel 3 times and they refused it even though they knew I was waiting for it, I will be writing to the head office of Ocean resorts...another compaint was in some of the restaruants especially the mexican one the staff was very rude and not helpful.I would deffinetly return and recommend the hotel to anyone, but be careful if you need and help from the front desk.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>M&SOakville
<Content>Nice resort, but not a solid 4* Stayed at the Ocean Blue from March 4-11 - family of 3, with a 4 year old. Resort - resort is newer, so it lacked the lushness - will be great in a few years. Smaller resort , ease of walking to the restaurants/ beach, though a shuttle bus circles the resort regularly. Kept clean. Pools are large and water is warm - need to get your towels on a chair by 7 am if you want prime location. Beach is great. Kid's club was disappointing. A lot of kids, yet the club and the kids show every night is not well organized. The nightly stage shows not great either. Better entertainment in the lobby bar. Time share guys (blue shirts with Royal on them) persistent - but you need to be firm and say not interested.Rooms - spacious and kept clean. Requested a pool view and were originally put in building 8( Sand side) overlooking the empty ravine. Room  washroom were great, not so nice view. Moved to building 4 (Blue side) with a pool view after two days. Advised bell hop would be sent to our room within 10 minutes, but after a 3 hour wait, we moved ourselves. Great view but king mattress was horrendous - no restful sleep here. Recommend building 9 or 5 for closeness to pool/beach.Service - Only a few of the wait staff understood customer service. Most seemed inconvenienced to serve us in a timely fashion. Little english spoken = wrong food/drink orders. If you don't want to wait long for a table at the a la carts, be there from 6:30-7 pm.Ramone at the lower pool bar was great - try the Ramone special! Give him a couple of bucks and he remembers you. . Food - Overall, food was above average, the buffets have something for everyone (custom pasta and stir fry sections at dinner were great). Breakfast buffet was outstanding (eat at the Blue side as staff are more attentive with service and bringing you coffee - and it's always hot). Fresh squeezed juices at the juice bar a plus. Lunch/dinner buffets had the variety - most of the featured food at the carving boards were dry  overcooked. Desserts looked better than they tasted. Only ate at the Mexican and Italian a la carts. Food was ok. Mike's coffee house comparable to Starbucks. Overall, a nice week of RR, resort is nice - but no real wow factor. 3rd time in PC, and probably won't go back here. Stayed at the Melia Caribe in 2006 and it was outstanding in comparison.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>verizon88
<Content>Survival Tips We stayed at the Ocean Blue from March 4th -11th, we are in our late 20s and really only need drinks and the beach to have a good time. We have been to Punta Cana before, as well as Cancun, and Riveria Maya. This by far was the WORST experience we have had by FAR. I would highly not recommend this resort to anyone, not even the tax collector!! The only positives we had with this resort were the bartenders, beach, some food, and the weather. But the negatives far outweigh the few positives. I have never wrote a review before but we were so disgusted with the management, apple reps, and guest services that I felt it was my duty to atleast save a few people from this horrible resort. That 4 star rating should not be out of 5, it should be 4 out of 10. So here are a few SURVIVAL TIPS if you dare to try this resort.1.CARRY YOUR OWN LUGGAGE-to your room. We arrived at 4 pm and my girlfriend and I were sweaty, and very eager to get to the pool bar for a dip and a drink. Check in was fast, we got a drink and a cold facecloth. We then went to get our luggage but were told they would bring it to our room. Simple enough. We were only in villa #3 so it was a 3 minute walk we could of brought our luggage and changed and been in the pool by 4:15. We checked in at 4pm. 5 O'clock came and no luggage. We called the front desk and they told us that they had a lot of people checking in and that it would be there shortly. Fair enough, however we were the last in our group to check in. 6 O'clock rolls around and still no luggage, meanwhile we had made a couple of other calls and visited the Apple rep, all said it will be there shortly. A little after 6:30 my girlfriend walked up to the guest services and complained they finally sent people to each villa looking for the luggage. It was finally found at another room. So by 7 pm, 3hours after check in we got our luggage. The pool closes at 7 pm, so we didnt get a swim. But it was a minor incident we blew it off and went to the lobby bar. So carry your own luggage!! 2.DONT PLAN ON SHOWERING- well atleast washing your hair! We were there for 7 days and I think I used soap 2 times! The water pressure is horrendous. I could not even get under the water to rinse off. My girlfriend could not wash her hair. We talked to a lot of people from other villas that had no hot water. We did have hot water atleast but it did us no good. Forget the jacuzzi it would take about an hour to fill it. What is funny about this is that one day we were in the pool and I stepped on something. We looked down and it was a bar of SOAP! Its funny because one night I joked with my girlfriend that i should just go to the pool with some soap to take a shower. I guess someone got my idea!! Funny though I think we counted 3 bars of soap we found in the pool. Again a minor inconvenience, we survived.3.NO GRACIAS- say this to the Timeshare people they are extremely annoying. They wear shirts that say ROYAL on them and are everywhere. Reading reviews on here we heard about them, and had our strategy to avoid them. They are very good though, they have a stand when you go into the buffet for breakfast, and once you walk in your first day, they greet you. Now we thought they were the host to seat you, but they are not. And they are everywhere even on the beach at times.4.USE YOUR SAFE-at all times, daytime, nighttime, when you sleep, AT ALL TIMES!! I cannot stress this enough!! We used the safe during the day, due to the number of people who enter the room during the day like the housekeepers. On our second night, at 8pm we went to get dinner and a drink. We did not think anyone would enter our room at night and did not use the safe. USE THE SAFE at ALL TIMES!! We came back at 11 pm. We were gone for 3 hours. My cellphone was stolen, $100 dollars in one dollar bills(for tips) was taken out of my girlfriends purse, and a 120 dollars was taken from my wallet. YES people enter your room at night when you are gone! It is not a safe feeling. Employees will knock on your door when you are asleep, and enter if you dont answer the door. At all hours of the day and night! BEWARE. I have read other reviews of missing ipods, gucci bags, money, there is definitely a thief working on this resort.5.YOU ARE ON YOUR OWN- Management, guest services, Apple reps, will not help you if anything is stolen. It is a horrible experience of being violated and helplessness. The resort services, management, apple reps all just say, 鈥渟orry for the inconvenience鈥? Nobody cares and nobody will help you. I knew the money was gone, but I had insurance on my cell phone. To use the insurance I needed a report from the hotel or the police that I had reported it stolen. The hotel would not help us in this regard. I did file a report at the hotel and police station, but neither would give me a copy of this report. The police station said that they would investigate it and send me a report in 45 days. I dont know how they are going to investigate it because they didnt even ask me what type of phone it was!! The hotel manager was extremely rude and uncaring. Remember that you are on your own and NOBODY cares what happens to you. One guest rep seemed sad for us but probably couldnt help us in fear for her job. I will be in contact with Apple and the Resort about this.So, that was our great vacation. We paid good money for a vacation and have never in our lives felt so disrespected from a resort or vacation provider. Please if you go here remember these tips, hopefully we can save someone else from our same fate. If you have any questions at all please email me at stivhixon@verizon.net. Spend some more on your vacation and stay at a more reputable resort for you own sake!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pldcs
<Content>Ocean Blue - Great resort Our group of three couples (all in our 40's) just returned from a great time at the Ocean Blue Beach resort (from 3/4 to 3/11). I will try to provide a brief summary of our experience.We booked our vacation through Apple Vacations, which is the way to go, in my opinion. Having Apple reps right on the property provided one more layer of customer service, which made many aspects of our trip much easier.We flew directly to Punta Cana from Chicago-O'Hare, via USA3000 Airlines. The flights both ways were uneventful (always a good thing). The Punta Cana airport is interesting to say the least. As others have mentioned, be ready to purchase a $10 tourist card (per person) as you go through customs. What we weren't prepared for was to surrender the card only about 3 minutes later. It was our understanding that you needed the card to leave the country (or else you had to buy another one), but that wasn't the case. Apparently they have changed that part of the process, so don't panic when they ask for the card back.Our trip to the resort from the airport was about 40 minutes. You can definitely tell that this area is still growing from the signs of new construction, etc. The roads aren't quite there yet though, so prepare for a bumpy ride.Check in at the resort was a piece of cake. We were each greeted with a drink and a cool washcloth. The whole process only took about 5 or 10 minutes. We had emailed ahead and requested Villa 5 (Ocean Blue side) with our rooms close together. Sure enough, that is what we got. I believe Villa 5 is actually dedicated to Apple clients, as they have a service desk right in the building. Our rooms weren't adjacent, but they were all in the same wing of the same villa. The rooms were clean and very well maintained. No disappointment there.We never had a problem with either hot water or towels. Our room was always stocked with bottled water as necessary. One party in our group did have a problem getting enough washcloths though.We were asked by our Apple rep to attend an orientation the first evening we were at the resort. We suspected that it would be a big sales pitch for excursions, etc. It turned out to be very informative however and definitely well worth the time. Our primary point of contact for Apple was Caesar. He was excellent!The pools were very nice, but we preferred to spend our time on the beach, which was beautiful. As others have mentioned, we walked up and down the beach at least a mile each way and did not see another section of beach we would have traded for. Be prepared to stake out your beach chairs early if you want to be under one of the shades. Those spots go quickly.We enjoyed all of the restaurants. The Margarita (Mexican) was probably our least favorite of the bunch. Service there was a little disappointing (I think maybe just the waiter we got) and some of the food not the greatest. The Dominican and Italian restaurants were both great. I missed out on the Route 66 (American) restaurant, but the others in our group said it was good as well. We usually finished up our evening for dessert and coffee at Mike's. Again...an excellent experience.Most of our meals were in the large buffet area. There was always a good and diverse selection of food. I will say that we found after a day or two that certain sections of the buffet area have better waitstaff than others. We found the best place to eat was in the first section as you enter from the Ocean Blue side of the building. Every breakfast, we were waited on by Idaliza, who was no less than excellent. We enjoyed seeing her smiling face each day.One note...there ARE a number of time share sales reps there, but we never felt overwhelmed. A simple no thank you was all it took to steer clear of their sales pitch.We ate most of our lunches at the buffet next to the beach. Again, service and food were both very good.Two of us had massages by the pool. It is cheaper there than at the spa. If you have more than one person getting a massage at the same time, you can dicker in price a little bit. We got ours for $55/each.Check out was a breeze thanks to direction from our Apple rep. Our baggage was picked up on time from our rooms and waiting for us at the bus. Try to be on time for the bus departure to the airport. We ended up waiting for one group for an additional 20 minutes, which put the entire resort pick up schedule behind. Overall, I would say our time at the Ocean Blue was a great experience. Sure, there are a few little things that could be done better, but I have yet to find the perfect resort. The people at the Ocean Blue were very friendly and accommodating. I never cease to be amazed by the things some people will complain about. I give Ocean Blue high marks all around.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>derloc12
<Content>My take!! Hi Me and my Wife Travelled to ocean blue from feb 25 to march 5 2007. We booked through Reniassance/Journeys Travel in winnipeg, and flew with air transat.We Travel to the carribean every year and always stay a four stars or better resorts, we booked this hotel because we liked the reviews.As alway's Reniassance/ journeys travel was excellent to deal with.This was our first trip with Air transat and it was a excellent experience, We booked into Club Class for our flight's and in our opinion it was worth every penny. No line up's, lots of room on the plane, priority baggage service, just perfect!!Now to the Resort:Pools and Beach Excellent!!Buffet Resturant was Above averageThe a la cartes we tried:Route 66 was great!!Casa de abuela (dominican) was goodMexican was goodItalian was ok!Mike's Coffee house was Heavenly!! what an awesome idea!!Our Room (5327)Was nice and clean, and in good condition we alway's had hot water although low pressure in peak hours 5-6 pm. our room key cards seemed to need to be put in the lock anywhere from 9-32 times before they worked, we never complained about it we just chose to make a game of it!!Overall we liked the resort, however we were not crazy about the staff, we didn't find any of them overly friendly, i think they are a little under staffed and perhaps this is why. We alway's tipped the staff however we never found it to be of any benefit. usually on our vacations we make good bond's with the staff, but we found that impossible to do this time. the time share people never bothered us at all.We went on two excursions:Bavaro runners safari was excellent our guide was Eros, and he was great.The saona Catamaran/speed boat was also excellent Jose was our guide.The Only think i didn't like about Punta Cana was the beach vendors, Most of them were way to pushy, and some were quite rude. We bought alot of stuff from them, however it was a battle on every sale, we never paid more than 30 percent of their outragous starting prices.In conclusion The beach was by far the nicest i ever seen, the resort was very good, I just wasn't crazy about some of the people, they seem a bit more hardened than the other places we have travelled.Also we walked into many of the other resorts, and had drinks ect.... and thought that Ocean blue was One of the nicest for grounds condition, beach, and size (not too big or small).If you Like Punta Cana I recommend this resort!! if you like an amazing beach!! I recommend Punta cana If you want nicer People I recommend Cuba !!! Also Fly with air transat and fly club class!!!Any questions email me at derekl@mts.net  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	2	3	

<Author>lovintraveling
<Content>Nice time, beautiful location! We just got back yesterday from a very relaxing and sunny time in the DR. Our take on the Ocean Blue/Sand is:Check in and Check out were both very easy and less than 5 min. At check in we were greated with cool washclothes and the Ocean Blue drink, yum, yum!The property is very large and long. So if you don't like walking or you can't walk easily this is probably not the place for you. There is a tram that runs occasionally at best. The only time we saw it regularly was when it was raining at night. The lndscaping is beautiful and the grounds are meticulously kept. I would say the buildings have a sort of mediterranean flair. The pools were huge and always clean. They come around w/ Monkeys, Parrots and a Python that you can have you picture with for $8. They are good pictures and it was fun to do.The rooms are large and ours was always very clean. We were on the 3rd floor of the Sands Villa 9 We asked for a room close to the pool and with a pool view since we knew that is where we'd spend most of our time. We also had a partial ocean view and it was beautiful. We had a King bed and a sitting area. The bathroom was also fairly large. It had a jacuzzi tub which took almost a 1/2 hour to fill, I used it once and decided it wasn't worth it.. Towels and washclothes were few and far between, we knew this ahead of time so I brought some old washclothes and just threw them out after we used them. As mentioned in previous reviews the lighting is terrible in the rooms We just dealt w/ it. It's not the best for putting on makeup but most of us know what we normally put on and how much.The maid always did a wonderful job but communication was very hard she spoke little english but did understand that my husband would like 4 Presidente left in the fridge each day:)The restaurants were pretty good. We ate mostly at the main buffet and beach buffet but also had a dinner at the Mexican Margurita and American Route 66. The food wasn't what I'd describe as spectacular but you definitely wont go hungry everyone can find something. The desserts were not as good as they looked and all seemed to be some sort of gelatin consistency. We loved the Lobby Bar at night. The staff there was outstanding!!! We quickly made friends with Juan, Jobany, Luis and Sonja and will miss them all. The pool bar at the 2nd pool was also tons of fun from morning to late afternoon. Ramon is the bartender down by the pool and is wonderful. He knew our names the whole time and would run us drinks up when we were sunning in the chairs. Try his Coco Loco or Ramon Special for a tropical delight! Mikes coffee house is a MUST! It is right up there w/ Starbucks.Overall we had a great time. Our goal was to get some sun, relax, eat and drink and that is exactly what we did. Our only problem was the difficulty communicating w/ some of the staff, but we made do and it was fine.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DCLoudog
<Content>Great Escape from winter! We did our research and thought that this would be a good place for a 'getaway', and it was! We (me  '$') went to Ocean Sand Resort to escape the east coast cold from Feb. 9-13th.  RESORT The resort is absolutely beautiful and is the perfect size for a 5-6 day trip: Not too big and not too small. Everything is within walking distance.  STAFF The staff greeted us with open arms. We checked in and went straight to the lobby bar! The entire staff was always smiling. A small gratuity goes a long way; it made the smiles bigger and the service better.  ROOMS The room was clean and very nice. We were in a building close to the front of the resort, but that did not matter. We would sit on our deck in the evening, have a beer and just relax. The room was very spacious, with a jacuzzi tub and corner glass shower. We're both a little 'picky' when it comes to cleanliness and were pleased with the room and daily maid service. One improvement would be quicker / more consistent replenishment of beer in the mini 'frig. :-) POOL We didn't spend much time there; we're beach people.  BEACH Very beautiful and lots of room to be in the sun or shade. Please don't reserve a spot if you don't use it. This is very disrespectful to the other guests. You can (and we did) walk for miles along the beach each day for exercise.  FOOD The BUFFET offers lots of variety for breakfast, different theme dinners in the evening. IZDALISA took great care of us each morning. If you get tired of the buffet, try the a la carte restaurants. Note: that the Brazilian was not open all of the time.  ENTERTAINMENT We stopped by the show two nights (one night was just to pick up our 'prizes' for winning beach games!); did not make it thru a whole evening show. Entertainers were energetic, but shows and activities were pretty generic. We did go to the lobby bar at least 2 times a day (before/after dinner). MATTI, the 'lead' bartender was very good, made his own 'special' drink that was just superb.  SUGGESTIONS 1) TIP! Take a lot of $1.00 bills to tip: You are on vacation; leave the servers a gratuity. Our service was GREAT at the bars, restaurants and the buffet; 2) Don't over pack; 3) Be prepared to bargain with shopkeepers on the beach. *** The time share people can be a 'pain in the butt'. Just dismiss them early in your stay and keep moving (don't stop talk to them!).  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lisa1962
<Content>Beautiful vacation February 16-22, 2007 Five of us, my husband, I, my daughter, her boyfriend, and our niece all stayed at the Ocean Blue from February 16-22nd. We were really pleased with the cleanliness. The service for the most part was good. At dinner they always came up and offered more drinks. Also, the best bar is at the beach......The beach is beautiful, white, powdery sand. I must say that u did have to go early to get chairs. We have been to Jamaica and Puerto Vallarta before and this was by far the best beach!!!! My daughter's room in Villa 7, second floor was very musty, whereas ours in Villa 4, top 3rd floor was not. The shower/tub water situation definitely should be changed...either no hot water coming out at all or very little. The pools are lovely. We definitely plan on going back again. Will post some pics when I get the chance, hopefully soon. My husband and his niece did the boat trip to see the sharks and reef...they really enjoyed it. It did rain that day tho, so a few of us who were going to go skipped out on it. We had 2 full days of rain, which really did dampen things as there is not much to do day or night if it rains. They need to have more nighttime entertainment...the disco is rather small and not really used much.Overall a very nice trip. We flew AirTransat, which is extremely better than Skyservice!!!!!! L  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>NewYorkPrincess
<Content>Be Careful at Ocean Blue Resort When we arrived at the Ocean Blue, we were pleasantly surprised. It is a beautiful hotel and the staff was very helpful. During our stay though, there was a company by the name of Royal Holiday Club directly on the premises. They have people all over the hotel asking you to go see a presentation, as tourists, it sounds WONDERFUL!! To EVERYONE that stays at this hotel, please be VERY careful of this situation. It looks very professional, but we were extremely decievedby this company. We thought that such a great hotel would not supply a company like this with a perminant residence, unfortunately, we were wrong. PLEASE be sure to do research before you purchase this great, but not so great club membership!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>derekmom
<Content>No hot water in 6305, but Tony Soprano was there! Our trip was 2-17 thru 2-24. Ocean Blue is a beautiful resort. Gorgeous beach and pools. Overall good service at bars and restaurants. Decent food and better quality liquor than most AIs. I would rate this resort above average EXCEPT...we had NO hot water the entire week. (Didn't really matter what time of day either.) Our room was 6305 so move if you get it (we tried, but resort was full). Also if you pay a lot extra ($500) for Elite I don't think it's worth it. The bldg location is nice. Obviously we couldn't enjoy the jacuzzi in our elite room cause of the water situation. If you add up the cost of extras you get w/elite (1 hr of water sports, horseback riding, Bucaneer or Wine Restaurant) it would be less expensive to pay as you go. Do the Banana Boat (actual cost for non-elite $7 pp)....it's a blast! Horseback riding was a little long (2 hr ride...ouch) but nice to see the villages, etc. The best bar service was from the staff (esp Ramon) at the pool swimup bar near the beach. Try the banana mama! Happy hour at this bar was the most fun!!! Tony Soprano, Carmen Elektra, Dale Earnhart, Don Schula were all there...it was nice to meet you...hope you all had fun! California Dave, Robin, etc....help I need some of your pics!!!Best restaurant in our opinion was Domincan Casa something... make sure to do the mamajuana toast after the meal with the staff (they have the best stuff). Thanks to Anna Maria and Luz our concierge's in bldg 6 for answering questions and trying their best to get the water problem fixed. Feel free to email me w/any questions, etc. celiaderek@yahoo.comCelia  Tim from CLE Ohio  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>jdrpittsburgh
<Content>Awesome Vacation We just returned from a one week stay at Ocean Blue, 2/24-3/3.We had 3 couples in our party. I was very hesitant to book with Ocean Blue after reading a lot of the reviews. This was our second trip to D.R. For those of you trying to decide to stay here, DO IT!!!We had an awesome week of fun in the sun, relaxation, good food, great service, I wouldn't have changed anything!We were part of the Elite Club, and I recommend doing that. There were several extra perks included. We stayed in Villa 10 and had an awesome view of the ocean. Sunrise every morning off of the balcony.Several reviews were on the terrible service, but we didn't find that to be true at all. We did tip, however this is there lively hood and all the employees worked very hard to make us feel like Kings and Queens.The ocean and the beach were great! The pools were wonderful! The food was also great, there is so much different types of places to eat, or the buffets, you can always find something yummy to eat.I liked the way all the resturaunts, casino, bowling alley were all in the front near the lobby, like a little town. As far as the walking, when you lay around during the day at the beach and pool, walking is a good thing.I can't say enough complimentary things about Ocean Blue, it is a great time, and a great place, and great service.Find Ramon at the pool bar closest to the beach...He is awesome.As for the people that complain about every little thing....Go With The Flow...you are on vacation.If you have any other questions or concerns, please email jdriffer@verizon.net.Janice R.Pittsburgh PA  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TadandC
<Content>Beautiful Resort but poor service... Hello everyone,We (my husband and I and our four children ages 12, 9,9 ,and 6) stayed at the Ocean Blue from Feb 14th-28th. I will try not to be too long winded.I am a fan of the pro/con so will try to give both. Overall we had a wonderful vacation because we went for the weather, the beach, sand, sun and most of all quality family time which was definatly achieved. Having said that I would not go to this resort again. It was not terrible but I have experienced better.Check/Reception-Terrible in my opionion. Rude and not helpful. We did not get the adjoining rooms we requested...as we have 4 kids and have to have 2 rooms. I was upset but came prepared that this may happen. It was the overall attitude on the 4-5 times we needed to speak to them about things. Keeping in mind we were always respectful and polite to them I did not feel they were in return. It was the I don't really care attitude. Rooms-Quite happy. Very nice. Nice bathroom. We were in the Elite Club rooms as an upgrade. They had overbooked. No water/mold issues I had heard about. Maid service was OK. Hit and miss. Sometimes our room was cleaned at 0900 and sometimes we were trying to get everyone dressed for dinner and they were coming to clean. We left tips and some gifts but the maid service was not what we received last year in Puerta Plata at a Riu. Beds were comfy and no hot water issues. Service- Our biggest beef. Both my husband and I thought that the service was not good. Sometimes this was not the fault of the staff. At the buffet again it was hit and miss depending on who was your server. Again we tipped but didn't help much. We often only received one drink per meal and you can't get your own except at breakfast. They weren't rude to you but we found we were often ignored. The tables are always set for 4 so we had to move tables together which was fine. The beach bar had only 1-2 guys working all day so the wait was long(sometimes up to 30 mins) not there fault. Friendly there but understaffed. The kids club was really bad. They did no activities and the staff just kinds hung out with the kids not even interacting that much. I found sometimes the staff in some areas were actually snobby. My husband and kids and I are not that way. We went out of our way to be friendly and speak the little spanish we knew. My husband was very displeased with the service. Beach-AWESOME!! No complaints. We walked up both ways along the beach to other resorts and we thought ourarea was one of the nicest. Food- I was quite happy. Food was nice. Buffet was great, especially the fresh stir fry and breakfast. The A la Carte's were good. We really enjoyed the Mexican and the Italian. The Route 66 I did not like but my kids did. Pool-Very nice, not crowded when swimming but if your not up at 0600(which we never were) u won't get a pool side spot unless it's near the end of the day. Not an issue for us as we are beach people, but may be if you love to be by the pool might be an issue. pool did seem kinda dirty though...slimy on the bottom. Grounds-Very nice, Attractive and the flower pots in the villa's were beautiful. My husnand thought that some areas were a bit dirty. I agree it wasn't quite as clean as the resort last year. There are lots of other small details that would make us not go there again but overall we had a relaxing time. I would really only recommend going there if you got a really great deal otherwise I think there are better buys for your money. Some might say we are too picky but for us this vacation was quite expensive and we worked very hard to save that money. I expect to be treated with respect, and to have good service when I spend that kind of money. That's all. Cheers! If you have any specific questions please feel free to e-mail. TadandCaroline@telus.net  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>TJM2
<Content>Nice overall, but everyone lies We booked an Apple Tour from Towson Travel out of Baltimore. We have used Apple before and have been generally pleased with the way they run things. The Apple folks push the idea that they are there to help you at these remote resorts where English is not always understood. My feeling on this trip was that the main purpose of the on site Apple reps were to sell you excursions when you got to the resort.The resort and beach is truly beautiful. The food was average for an all inclusive. The entertainment was very amateur and we often left early but it didn't really bother us. It was way below anything you would find on a cruise ship or good hotel. If you are fortunate enough not to have any problems during the trip, don't plan to do anything but lay on the beach, and don't need to rely on the staff for reliableinformation you will come away having a fantastic time and should even disregard my comments. But if you plan to do anything, you might want to read on so you are prepared...As for us, there was a thread of frustration throughout the trip and interestingly enough, shared with others that we spoke wi th on the way back. Don't get me wrong, we really had a great time; but there was aggravation that I don't need while on vacation.The first one was the fact that 24 bags were not put on the plane in Baltimore and of course, two of them were ours - our golf bags! As it turns out (I'll leave out all the long details) USA 3000 which is the APPLE charter flight out of Baltimore simply isn't large enough to hold all the luggage in the cargo hold! On the way back, they actually announced on the plane that some bags would be sent on another plane because there was no room. I could see from my window seat on the plane that this was true... APPLE - why not either restrict the number of bags or get a larger plane!!! I was lucky on the way home - my bags made it on the plane. (One lady we spoke with had her bag stolen at the Punta Cana airport when she gave it to 'porter' and he never showed up at the bus.)I gave the Apple rep at the hotel the info and he said the bags would arrive that night (we arrived in the AM). I sort of expected that if and when they arrived someone would bring them to the room? The next day, after spending the day at the beach, we asked the same Apple rep about the bags. After a few calls he proudly told us they had been sitting in the lobby since the night before - - I sort of expected that the Apple rep would be a bit more pro-active in following up and assuring that in fact they did arrive and were brought to our room. He told us that the lobby had been calling the room all day to let us know! (The first in a long series of tell the customer anything that sounds good). What decent hotel wouldn't bring the bags to the room when they finally showed up? There was no message light lit on our phone....I told the Apple Rep I wanted to book a Tee time. He was making out the paperwork for $90 for 18 holes when I realized that the golf course he was signing me up for wasn't the one at the hotel!When I asked the right question, I realized he was signing me up for an APPLE excursion golf course - not the one at the hotel which was only $70. He told me I could go book the one at the hotel through the hotel guest services... thanks a lot!I went to the hotel lobby only to find the 'golf' guy not at his table. I was told he doesn't work on Saturdays. I came back Sunday afternoon and was told he already left for the day (he was never there) but would be back at 9am the next day. I came back 9:30 the next day and was told it was his day off - I freaked and told them I needed to talk to someone at the golf course - they picked up the phone and connected me to a perfectly english speaking person at the course. The staff just makes things up and says anything that might sound good at the moment - we experienced many times...I signed up to go scuba diving - the guy at the desk said to be at the dive shack at 8:30 the next morning - I was there at 8:15 and was told there was no boat scheduled to go out in the morning and in fact we were the only ones there; there was a boat for the afternoon that I could go on.... I believe the truth is that they didn't have enough people sign up - why didn't they just say that?) The dive team was very good and very professional during the actual dive.The 'free' use of the Catamaran was free only after you payed $10 to go out with the captain so he could teach you to sail. I know how to sail - had to go anyway. I came at the scheduled time and there was told there was no boat available for 10 minutes - After 45 minutes I bitched - - they found one.After sailing each day at around the same time, I came back to sail on the last day and was told it was too windy to sail. There were boats out all morning and out as we spoke. The captain says no  , I was told. When I said I wanted to talk to the captain, magically I was given a boat and it was suddenly okay...Boats continued to go out all afternoon after me... I still don't know why this happenned. My guess is that someone else slipped him a $ 5 so he could use the boat I was scheduled to use... just more aggravation.The thermostat in my room was stuck on frigid - it took them two days to fix it. I had to manualy turn the air on and off and open the windows to control the temperature...The theme that bothered us was that seldom did we feel we were given reliable information, by anyone - Maybe thats the 'island way' but we have taken many vacations and it was never as bad as this. There are other examples, but you get the gist.Even when it was time to leave, the Apple rep said to be in the lobby at 7:20 for a 7:40 bus. At about 8:30, with the entire Baltimore group wondering where the bus was, the Apple guy mistakenly showed his face and when asked where the bus was he said, Oh, it go a flat tire.The bus left the hotel at exactly 8:40. I would rather be told the truth about the schedule and simply that I would have to pay for a taxi if the bus left without me. It's as if the hotel staff and the Apple folks think we Americans are just stupid.The Apple brochure said you have to turn in your $10 tourist card at the airport when you leave. The problem was that airport personnel actually took them from us when we arrived. When asked on the bus, the Apple rep said  Oh, Apple pays for the return cards and they will be given to you at the airport Ok, sounds good. No one ever gave us cards at the airport, and no one ever asked for them to be turned in at the airport ... more misinformation.We figured that we were finally home free when we were sitting at the gate at the airport until I noticed that our boarding pass had a departuure time of 8:30 at night. That might sound okay, but we were sitting at the airport at 10 AM waiting for an 11:40 USA 3000 flight. After mass confusion, we were told that there was a computer error and everyone's boarding passes had the wrong information.The flight was never posted at the gate. At around 11:15 we were finally told that Baltimore was going to load at an adjacent gate.We had a great time; we really did. But trust me when I say that we spoke with a lot of people that experienced the 'misinformation' syndrome. If you can just go with the flow, I guess its not a problem. Adios . . .  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	2	3	

<Author>M.Napora
<Content>We Will Return!! We stayed at the Ocean Blue Feb.19-25. We stayed in villa10 (elite club).From the moment I arrived I knew this place was great. Melissa was our concierge and made us feel so welcome.Check in was quick. Our room was immaculately clean,stocked,and ready for us. All the food was of high quality including the buffets. The food presentation at the specialty restaurants was very appetizing. The bar drinks were top shelf liquor and made to your specifications. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. We did many watersports and beach game activities. This was a nice way to meet other guests. The pool and ocean temperatures were perfect and the water crystal clear. The lobby bar entertainment was a nice way to relax after a delicious meal,(kudos to Juan at lobby bar-we enjoyed your humor). This was my first time in P.C. so before going I read so many reviews about this resort. All the negatives others experienced I did not. Maybe I was lucky but I would not hesitate to stay here again, and probably will. I would highly recommend this resort. Thanks for a great vacation Ocean Blue!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karen075
<Content>Unbelieveable I was apprehensive about this because of some of the reviews I have seen but we have stayed in a lot of hotels in Canada and this is very much on par or better than here. The staff was all very nice and respectful, the facilities out of this world, the food was great and the beach beautiful.We stayed on the main floor of Villa 9 and it was clean and secure althought smelled musty but that is the climate. The patio doors and main door were very well secured. We were close to the beach and the lobby was not a very far walk even though you could catch the trolley. Very well laid out and manicured grounds. We ate at Route 66 two times, the steak was good and the ribs were just OK. The chicken wings, mozza sticks and onion rings were very good.At the Mexican the fajitas were awesome as was the appetizer bar. At the Italian it was a bit of a downer as it did not concentrate on pasta but we had the salmon and pork fillets which were good.You do not need to make reservations at these restaurants, just show up and if they don't have room they will tell you what time to come back and we found it hassle free. Also you can eat at them as many times as you liked. The buffet was very good, try the stir fry station and have them put cashews in it. Really good. Bottled water was all over at your request, premium drinks available around the clock. Take your insulated cup with. We also took our own beach towels which was a good idea because we did not need to worry about losing the hotel ones, $20 charge, and we could identify our beach chairs. We tipped in American dollar bills but did not notice any difference in how you were treated if you did or didn't but they work very hard and are very greatful.There was nothing they could have made or done better to improve our stay and we will stay here again. According to people on the plane we made a wise choice. Others talked of a 25 minute walk from their room to the beach at other resorts. This place was big enough to have all the immenities but small enough to be easy to maneouver. You will NOT be sorry you booked here. Thanks for the wonderful time.!!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>madison1969
<Content>fantastic valentines trip!!! Hi, we are from Weymouth, Nova Scotia, Canada and this was our first trip South. We stayed here from FEB 10th to the 17th. I had done alot of homework as to which resort to choose, the Ocean Blue seemed to have alot of good reviews. When we arrived at the resort needless to say it took our breath away. We both think that it is an awesome resort and were not disappointed with our choice.What impressed me the most was the cleanliness, it's spotless, there is always a maid in the public washrooms, and the staff are always scrubing and cleaning the floors, sidewalks, grounds etc... The beach was the part that was the best for us, we stayed there all day until late afternoon. The sand is beautiful and the water was very warm. The cocktails are absolutely wonderful, and so is the food. The buffet had a wide variety, you taste things and if you don't like it you try something different, it's as simple as that. My favorite part at the buffet was the chocolate fountain. The fruit was really good and the freshly made juices are to die for. Our room was spic and span, very clean. We enjoyed the double jacuzzi in our room, we would both hop in it after a long hard day at the beach. We never once experienced no hot water. We left the maid a gift everyday which I know she appreciated. All the staff was super friendly, every time you meet up with the staff you always got a big OLLA and smile from them. On Valentines Day we did go on a Safari with the Bavaro Runners, this was excellent, very informative and fun. We were quite content to stay on the resort everyday, just relaxing. By the way it's very romantic too.......... So we have absolutely no complaints, we give the resort an A+, and highly recommend it to everyone.Kevin  Lisa MacAlpinegirl_blondie@hotmail.com  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>annmson
<Content>Awesome Time       View of the Beach  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Pitalafy
<Content>Pleasantly Suprised Hola Senor/Hola Senora: I read all the reviews here faithfully from the time we booked (10 months in advance) to the day before we left. Thanks for all the great suggestions and hopefully I too can share something useful for a future guest:1. Bring 2 - 4 100 watt light bulbs. It makes a HUGE difference. Don't bother with a bigger watt bulb - it'll just blow out.2. We didn't go bowling but if you think you might, bring a pair of socks.3. Someone in your party needs to get up and out by 7am to put towels on the chairs you want to use that day.4. We upgraded to the Elite Club - we got to make dinner reservations every night for what ever time we wanted. Originally they told us that Reservations would only be taken for 6:30 or 9 pm. We quickly settled into a pattern of being at the pool or beach from 10 am - 4pm; then a little siesta until 7 or 8. Pre-dinner drinks at one of the bars and then dinner at 9pm. We also used our free 1/2 hour massage coupons. 5. Apple Vacation guests are asked to attend an orientation meeting on their arrival day at the resort. The rep promptly dissuaded us all from going horseback riding (they abuse the horses, allegedly)and from going parasailing (not covered by insurance). Mind you these were two things that would've been included in the upgrade to the Elite Club. We couldn't figure out if this was from genuine concern or if they were pushing us towards booking one of their excursions that cost money.6. KIDS. They are everywhere. If you are not a kid person, this is not the resort for you. There were an awful lot of young women and men (read under 21) that were walking around with drinks and smoking. I realize this is acceptable in some countries but it still is odd to see a bunch of 14 year old girls sipping Pina Coladas. Also, every day by the pool, we'd see unsupervised children spraying guests with the fountains, rough housing by the edge of the pool, or generally misbehaving. This is in no way the fault of the resort b/c they provide decent entertainment for them.7.Our room was very nice - Villa 6, 2nd floor and pool/ocean view. Some of our group was on the 1st floor and they didn't like the fact they couldn't leave their sliding glass door open but loved that they didn't have to walk up any stairs (no elevators)Some of our group also ended up in Villa 10 and they didn't seem to have as great of service that those of us in Villa 6 did. From other reivews here I wonder if that has something to do with Ocean Blue vs. Ocean Sand side???8. Alcohol flows fast and freely. We all brought these mega size mugs (kept beverages cold longer) and the bartenders never hesitated to fill them with what ever we asked for. However, the language barrier sometimes was tough. Make sure you learn the Spainish equivalent of with ice. Con aiello (or something like that). They also put 1 bottle of red wine, 1 bottle of white wine, Dewars, Local Rum, and Absolut in the room. Nice touch - but it also set up the expectation that we could get bottles of whatever we wanted in our rooms. Not So. Some in our group left notes and asked for a bottle of gin. 1 got it; 2 didn't. Also, they put 2 bottles of Argentinian beer in your mini fridge the 1st day. We asked for them to replace it and was told you only get the beer on day 1. Friends requested more via a note and got theirs replaced every day. 9. Tipping was purely subjective. Mostly depended upon how much you had with you at the time. $1 for drinks at the bars, not necessarily every drink was standard. We left $5/day for our maid but as you can read above, that didn't exactly buy us any better service.10. The beach was really nice. Seaweed was there in the early am but cleaned up by 9am. Motorized sports by the way consists of the banana boat. The catamaran trip was helmed by a newbie who didn't speak English. But on the whole, most of us didn't waste our time doing stuff. We got our chair, sun bathed, read, talked and drank.11. I am not a sun person but my husband is. Every day I could be on a lounge chair under the umbrella and manage to stay in total shade. He could be right next to me and be in total sun. It worked out really well for us. The pool was fantastic and the swim up bar was handy :)12. As for the food, well it was good. Lunch buffet was the worst until you settle in for a cheeseburger or pizza with fries. They had outstanding french fries. Over all the deserts were icky. Guessing the ice cream flavor was the highlite of the day. Definitely look for the Dulce de leche or the coocnut.Domincan- Abuela: Dined with 11 in our group. Everyone found something they really enjoyed. I had goat - loved the sauce and when I put my rice into the dish - I really enjoyed it. The yautia soup was pretty good too. The garlic shrimp was a big hit but also a safe choice.Italian- I Macherati; this was my favorite. I loved their antipasta bar for an appetizer. Top picks from our group included the seafood ravioli, pork scallopine and lasagna.Steak -El Bodegon: We used our free dinner coupons here instead of the Beach Seafood. The service here was the poorest. Had the worst time with the language barrier here over any other place on the resort. The steaks were excellent however. For some reason, at every other restaurant you could get wine and champagne by the glass here, you had to BUY the bottle. This was my husbands favorite meal. Mexican - Margherita: Great nacho bar. Entrees so so. Good margheritas -as you might expect.13. Review of the nightly theater shows concluded that it was no where near the quality of a cruise show but still very entertaining. None of us went to the disco (age group was from 29 - 68). The casino was pathetic. One in our group won $100 on the slots but the rest of us lost a little bit here and there. The lobby bar had lite music nightly and that was a nice place to enjoy an after dinner drink.Plus if you are elite club you can run in and check email if you are so inclined.14. We did the Outback Safari excursion and loved it. I enjoyed getting out of the resort and seeing some of the true Dominican Republic. Our guide was very knowledgeable and tried to impart some of history and facts of DR with us. We got to see banana, almond, grapefruit, mango and papaya trees, Coffee and cocoa plants, Royal Palms and Cana trees. Flowers were everywhere. The end of this excursion about 150 of us met on a private beach to boogie board in the surf. Along with the freely flowing beer  rum, we had an excellent time.15. We had our free 1/2 hours massages and I also did the Sea Paste treatment. I got my husband to do a facial. The facilities were spotless, relaxing and professional. Language barrier here was pretty tough; I was glad that I was an experienced spa goer.Overall, this was a very nice, relaxing vacation spot. We had great weather all but one day and the resort was above average (yeah, we've travelled a lot to compare with). I give it 4 out of 5  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cindygowdy
<Content>Great Time! We just returned from a 1 week stay 2/19 through 2/26 and we had a wonderful time. The weather which no one has control over wasn't the best. It rained a lot. We booked through Apple (the best!) Don't travel to the Caribbean without using them.The hotel is big - some walking. They do provide trams but they're not always there when you need them. The beach is beautiful and there is plenty to do for kids. We traveled with 5 kids - ages 10, 13 ,13, 14 and 16. They had fun with the bowling, rock wall and games on the beach and activities. We all enjoyed the buffet food and I'm a picky eater. The steak restaurant is top notch. The lobster on the beach (for me) was OK, but 4 out of the 6 with me loved it.There is a water slide down the beach that you can take your kids to and it is a blast. 12 rides for $10...but if your the only ones on it they will let you go over and over. We had a blast on that. It's inflatable so kids from 2-102 can have fun on it and not get hurt. Great Time.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>micklois
<Content>English Opinion       beach bar  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bra628
<Content>Greatest trip ever!!! My two younger sisters, their spouses and my husband and I just returned from what I would call the BEST VACATION I have ever gone on. Everyone appointed me to do the research and book the trip so I really felt like there was alot on my shoulders. Having been to Punta Cana approx. 6 years ago, this was my second trip but everyone else's first. I stayed at the Iberostar Dominicana 6 years ago. By far, Ocean Blue Golf Resort had it beat. I spent many nights reading reviews about the Ocean Blue resort and felt that they were 1/2  1/2. So, I took the chance and booked it. About 2-3 weeks before our trip I decided to read up on some of the most recent reviews. I got alittle concerned because some were not very promising, I had hoped beyond hope that I had not made a mistake since 5 others were counting on my decision. It was far from being a mistake, I had nothing to worry about after we arrived at this resort. For those people who appeared to have horrible experiences or felt the resort or the staff were nothing more than a 2 or 3 star, certainly had to of gone there with a negative attitude before they put their feet on the premises. The 6 of us were between 43-53 yrs. old. The resort was absolutely beautiful. The pools were the best I have been to. They were so large, not once did we have to dodge people in order to get to the swim up bar. We usually had to be out by 9:00 am to have saved a chair under an umbrella but certainly not at no 7:00 am. The week we went which was Feb. 10-17th was probably the ideal week. Although there were some young children, they never were a bother. The buffets were very nice. The food was a bit different in taste but not one of us went hungry. We did try the American restaurantRoute 66 the steak dinner was probably the best. The mexican restaurant also was pretty good, of course not 100% true cooked mexican food but filling all the same. We never made it to the other restaurants since we pretty much stuck with the main buffet and the beach buffet since there was such a HUGE selection. The main buffet was air conditioned and was enclosed, the beach buffet was just that, right off the beach, however, it did have a roof. The pastries were out of this world. I also read that the Royal Resort Time Share people were a real problem. I saw maybe 5 of them the entire week, not once were we hassled by them. Some people complained about having to tip extra in order to get better service. We did not feel that way, although we did tip quite often, Our drinks never got warm at the pool bar because VICTOR and RAMON kept them fresh. They always smiled even after a 9 hour day with NO BREAKS Not once during the time we spent at either swim up bar did we see one of the guys leave for lunch or for any length of time. I found that tipping just made them smile more. All you have to do is be friendly back and let them know you are happy to be there. We still feel we would have had excellent service had we not tipped. RAMON was THE BARTENDER!!!!!! He was at the swim up bar in the pool closest to the beach. If he saw us coming, he had our drinks up on the bar!!! I also read bad reviews about the shows. Although they were no broadway productions, they were done in excellent taste. The young performers did a GREAT job every night... Certainly something I could not have pulled off. The casino was small but never was it crowded. So, it might have something to say for going the week of Valentines week. Our excursions were fantastic. Our Apple Rep. CEASAR was of great help in planning them. The speed boat and Catamaran trip to and from the private island was probably the best. The Outback Safari was my 2nd. The guides made you laugh and really made sure you enjoyed your day....Yes, there is alot of tipping going on but well worth every last dollar we spent. We were on the 3rd floor in Villa 4 and when I watched that poor Bell captain take 4 suitcases up 4 flights of stairs at once I was impressed. They couldn't do enough for us. We had an hour massage at the spa, words can't describe how wonderful it was. A bit pricey but worth it... The language was a bit rough at times, thank goodness one of my brother in laws spoke spanish, it saved us a time or two. But, if the waiter, waitress, Bell Captain, Bartender, etc. couldn't speak good english they had someone they worked with who backed them up. My family was extremely impressed with our trip, I guess I did a Great job in planning. I would recommend this resort to anyone who is out to have a good time and not so quick to find faults with every thing they come across. As reviews state, remember, you are not in the United States and things move alittle slower in the Dominican Republic, but not as slow as some people make it out to be. The walking was never a problem. The resort is enourmous but walkable. If you have bad knees or a bad back or just can't walk in the heat, they do have a tram that goes by all 10 villas every few minutes. SO, we reccommend this resort 100% and stand behind it's staff. JUST GO AND BE HAPPY AND DON'T WORRY!!!! We are even considering going back to this resort next year. RAMON said he will be waiting for us!!!!If you choose this resort, email them asking for a room in Villa 4 or 5 facing the pool, it's not a guarantee but they certainly do what they can to accommodate you. You don't spend much time in your room anyway. Make sure you do not pay full price for anything at the flea market on the beach, go around 3:00 pm which is about 1 -2 hours before they close, they are very willing to take your offers....As far as the cold showers, yes, we did experience that a time or two, depends on when you shower. 11:00 pm there was never a problem or early in the morning. It seemed to be alittle bit of a problem around the dinner hour. The resort is so spread out that you never felt like there was a space issue. I just can't say enough about this resort! After we compared it to other people on the plane ride home, we found that we had made the better choice for the money.....  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Noted_in_Newark
<Content>"Most Aggravating Vacation Ever" 鈥淎ggravating鈥?is the best way to describe my week at the 鈥渁ll inclusive鈥?Ocean Blue Golf and Beach Resort. The 9 hole golf course is still under construction but they鈥檒l let you play through the earth movers, caution netting and pvc pipe on the ground for $110 US plus $40 club rental. Want to do some water sports? I needed a reservation for a Hobie Cat a day in advance plus I had to take a 鈥榮ailing test鈥?to use it or a windsurfer (each test costs $10 extra, equipment insurance costs $4 / day extra). Snorkel equipment for the kids required a $30 deposit for each set. The nighttime recreation center included bowling ($15 / game), 4 dilapidated pool tables, and 2 air hockey tables with laminate playing surfaces worn thru to the plywood. Our phone didn鈥檛 work for 5 days (on the 5th day of complaints they finally moved us to the 鈥楨lite Club鈥?which seems to mean that you get a working toilet, non leaking shower, hot water sometimes, and a serviceable phone). Most of the staff were friendly (especially if you tried to speak Spanish), the grounds were beautifully landscaped, the pools well laid out and the food was the 2nd best I鈥檝e had at any of my 9 Caribbean resort vacations. Overall, however, my job in beautiful Newark New Jersey was less annoying than this place.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>BeachGirlWisconsin
<Content>Wonderful Resort Myself and my boyfriend (both 28 years old) stayed at the Ocean Blue from 2/16-2/23/07. This was our 2nd time to Punta Cana and our 3rd all inclusive trip. This resort was beautiful and extremely clean. The lobby area is really big and has an airconditioned reception area. Upon check in we were given a great furity drink and a washcloth to wash our faces. Check in took approximatley 5 mins. We were then rode the tram to our room which was in villa 4.Villa 4 is located right in the middle of the resort. We did email ahead of time and requested a king bed, 3rd floor room, and a pool view. However, none of the requested was available, so we were given a 2nd floor room, 2 double beds, and a view of the resort next door. It was a little disappointing, but not a big deal, as we were never in our room, but to sleep. The rooms were nice, double sinks in the bathroom, and a jacuzzi tub. The higher the villa number the closer you are to the beach, so villa 10 was right on the beach. The pools were beautiful and really big, 2 pool bars and several smally pools for children. The grounds were immaculate and always being cleaned. Be careful the walkways get very slippery when it rains. I almost slipped and fell a couple of times and when we were coming out of the bowling alley my boyfriend fell really hard on the steps, causing mutiple lacerations to his arms, and large bruies to his backside (no we were not drinking). I am warning you because its really slippery, even with the best shoes on. The food was great! Probably the best we have had at an all inclusive. No reservations at the restaurants which we liked, just show up and you can usally get in within 30 mins, or if your a group of 2 right away. The Italian rest food was really good. The shirmp and salmon are hugh, tenderloin was great, as well as the crab ravioli. The mexican was good and the dominican was good as well. We also tried the lobster on the beach and would highly recommend it. It was the largest serving of lobster that I have ever seen, 2 tails at least 8 inches long, plus drinks, soup, appetizers, and desert. The breakfast and lunch buffet were also good. If you can't find something you like on the buffets your a much too pickey eater! The beach is beautiful and really active. Lots going on all of the time. We never had a problem getting chais on the beach. We did the bannna boat and it was a lot of fun. We didn't use the spa, but it looked really nice and relaxing and the prices weren't too bad either. The bowling alley was great for our 2 rainy days. You get a free game with your room and every game after that is $15.00 US dollars. At night the lobby bar has live entertainment, the sax player was really good. The shows were ok, althought Chicago was great!!!! The casino is smally, but serves its purpose.The resort is really close to a small town, so you can take a 10 min bike ride into town if you want which was fun!As for excursions this year we did not do any as it was too windy and they were cancelled, it also rained 2 days. Overall this was great hotel and I definately agree with the 5 apple rating. We will definatley return in the future.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>OrtizFan
<Content>Great - Ignore negative Reviews! We stayed at this resort Feb 11, 2007 - February 18, 2007. The resort was great. I had read previous reviews after booking and I was very skeptical. Our room was very nice and clean -- the resort was spotless. As far as water pressure -- what do you expect in a resort. The only time water pressure seemed to be low was during peak times -- during the evenings 4:30-6:00 when everyone was heading out for the night to get to dinner. Other than that it was fine. As far as food -- We do not dine in 5 star restaurants here in Boston but we do enjoy good food. I think all the restaurants were great with the exception of the Diner 66. All the food was good, ribs were fantastic -- but you must love salt. I don't like a lot of salt in my food and it seemed like they used way too much. The Italian Restaurant always had over an hour wait. We only decided to wait once and it was well worth it. My only complaint was the the Italian Restaurant was supposed to have a dress code. We noticed that men would be turned away even if they had dressy shorts and golf shirts on with loafers, then you would see men and women allowed in the restaurant that looked like they were eating at the local McDonalds. I think they should be consistent -- either a dress code or no dress code.....The shows -- forget it -- it seemed as though they were lip syncing all the shows so we only went once. There is not much night life except for the disco. The disco was fun and the sports bar stays open all night with junk food food that is good when you have had a few too many frozed drinks! -- the majority of the resort was sleeping by 11:00. I totally did not have a problem with that -- it was so nice and quiet -- no screaming drunks hanging around. if you want that type of vacation go to Jamaica. The island was great -- the wait staff in all the restaurants was fantastic with the exception of the Italian Restaurant, where they were all miserable and not friendly. I would definitely go back!!!! No complaints here!!!!!! I want to go back again real soon!!!! Dont let the other reviews scare you -- it was great.....you will always have people you can not please.....just enjoy yourself  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ocirish
<Content>great beach sand was like baby powder on your feet apple vacation agent was our contact..some good things and not so good was my expierence at ocean blue..our maid BELKIS room 5308 for my stay of feb 16-23 was outstanding she did everthing she could to make us comfortable and our room spotless.. we hat no hot water a few times and poor force of water at times from faucet....also no elevators in the resort our room was on the 3rd floor 36 steps up and 36 steps down also the resort needed more trollys running back and forth...the food was OK not great ...i still gain 5 lbs and i don't drink beer...the evening shows were fair at best but the cast all gave their best and everyone at ocean blue were happy and enjoyed their jobs and tried to make your stay a happy one...only a few years old the place is showing signs of repair in places like the sports club broken pool sticks busted hockey tables and so on..get the condo sellers off the property what a pain...it help if you learn a little spanish before you go....also KIDS and TEENS we had half of FRANCE and EUROPE at ocean blue and they all had 3 kids each i think......you leave your kids at home to get away and you have some other kid running around....we felt the ocean blue had very beautiful grounds and pools area and the place was patrolled by their security crew 24/7 no problems noted on my stay....yes i would go back with some chsanges get hot water stay no higher then 2nd floor go when the french kids are in school...the food will get better then i can gain 10 lbs....the apple flight was a-ok for a cattle car but for the buck i paid i got a good deal thanks apple and ocean blue for a warm sunny week in feb  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rileycando
<Content>Our Fifth and Favorite DR All Inclusive This was our 5th DR vacation, and to date, Ocean Blue was our favorite. Other DR resorts we have visited in order of preference: Iberostar Dominicana, Riu Bachata, Coral Marion, and least liked, Club Med. We flew from upstate NY, and due to the blizzard and delays, we arrived with no luggage. Our Expedia booking did not include a transfer so we hired a private taxi, tarif was $33.00. We were very happy to find out that we had been upgraded to the Elite Club on the Sands side, building #10. This was quite a surprise because this was President's week and the resort was very full. Check in was quick and friendly. I am very picky about rooms. Color choice, fresh paint and tasteful fabrics make a big difference to me. We haved stayed in some pretty colorful rooms in the DR. It may not seem important to some people, but to me it says alot about the resort being well cared for and up to date. Our room was on the top floor nearest to the beach facing north. We had a direct view of the ocean with the shipwreck off in the distance. It also looked over the back sides of the beach vendors huts and an empty lot with some trash and debris. This view may not have been to everyones taste, but we liked it! I was very happy with the furnishings-nicely done! The Elite rooms were a bit more elegant than the standard rooms. Our room had mahogany 4 poster beds, seperate jacuzzi, double vessel sinks and rattan deck furniture. I checked out rooms in other buildings and they were quite nice too. Mini bar had Sprite, Coke, water and Beer. Beer was not refilled during the rest of our stay even with requests to the housekeper.Hot water was plentiful, at least in this building. Yes, the room needed additional lighting. One small table lamp only, with a tiny overhead light. We brought a 200w, which helped alot. Perhaps a little overly bright at night.Pools and beach: Very nice! Pool was bright, clean and new, with tiled bottoms. Not that rough stuff that wears the skin off your feet. Chairs and umbrellas were plentiful, but don't expect to get a prime spot at 11:00 am. Beach was very calm on certain days with a soft sandy bottom, nice drop off, not too deep. Also plenty of chairs in the sun.Bars: All had top shelf for the asking. Heineken, Corona , Bud, in limited supply. The lobby bar was the nicest. The swim up bar and beach bar, in my opinion, did not have the best service. However if you got out of the pool and went to the deck side of the pool bar, service was fine. One of the things that really set this resort apart is that they had full service bars in each of the two dining rooms. Although the waitstaff were very busy at certain times, they would graciously take drink orders and deliver them to your table. Or you could simply walk over to the bar and get your own. Other resorts we have been to in DR, did not offer anything but wine and water in the dining rooms. Tipping for this service seemed appropriate.Food: We only tried the Mexican a la carte. With our 7 year old it was easier to do the buffet. The average wait was 45 minutes, to over an hour. You can not make advance reservations. Also for some reason, the Mexican restaurant did not honor the long pants for men rule. We saw several men in shorts and sleeveless shirts. Dinner was o.k. My husband's seafood dish looked and tasted like mush, but the chicken tacos were good. We gave up our table before dessert because they allowed about 20 waiting customers into the tiny reception area, who stared hungrily as we finished our dinners. Buffet: The food to me was not as good as the Iberostar or the Riu. My husand who loves seafood, found it to be excellent. I am more of a meat eater, and in this respect, I found it to be lacking. Also less variety than other resorts, with the same side dishes repeated everynight. The two dining rooms were very pretty and the tables were not crowded together.The staff were all helpful, guest services even made the calls to USair to secure our luggage (which arrived 30 hours later). Unfortunately the gift shop took cash only and had a very limited selection of clothing and shoes. Something to keep in mind when packing.Downside: Only one thing really stands out to me: The sheets on the beds!! They were rough, pilly, smelled sour on two occasions. I had to put cologne on them one night as they smelled so bad. They also would not stay tucked and the mattress pads were not attached. In the morning it was an unsightly and uncomfortable mess. I tried not moving, but to no avail! A minor detail, but to some it could really effect a nights sleep.Overall we really did like this place. The newnness factor played a major role. We walked down the beach to revisit the Iberostar, and it seemed tired and old. Thanks to other Tripadvisor members for helpful postings, and to those who emailed with questions I had. I would be happy to answer questions as well.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>drbenton
<Content>Nice Resort if you like cold showers My husband and I and some friends recently returned from a five day trip to this resort. I have mixed feelings about this place. The hotel was beautiful and very clean. They have some of the most beautiful beaches I have ever seen and the weather was perfect. However they have MAJOR problems with their water system and we couldn't get a decent hot shower the whole trip. The first day we turned on the shower and nothing came out of the hot water side. We finally realized that you had to leave the faucet on for a while and eventually hot water would come out, but when you tried to get the shower on there was not enough water pressure to come out of the shower so you would only get water dripping out of the shower head. It was very annoying. We asked around and everyone else we talked to had the same problem. The hotel representative said it is a problem throughout the island, however we talked to some people on the way back to the airport who had stayed at other resorts there and they never had this problem at the other places they had stayed. Also, our friends had problems with their rooms keys. They had a very difficult time getting their door to open every time, even after the supposedly came and fixed the problem several times. I also saw another couple down the hall having the same problem.Other then that, the food was okay. The breakfast buffet was probably the best. For the restaurants, the Dominican was very goodt, and we also liked the Mexican. The Italian restaurant was okay. My husband said his salmon was good, but the crab ravioli I had had very little tase. The American restaurant was pretty bad, I would skip that altogether. It had a nice atmosphere, but the hamburgers were terrrible, and we tried most of the appetizers and they were all pretty bad. We were not able to eat at the Caribbean restaurant as it was usually closed for private parties.This was our first trip to Punta Cana, so we have nothing to compare it to, but we have been to a few of the Palace Resorts in Mexico and there was absolutely no comparison in the quality of food and service, not to mention the water situation. But we did talk to other people who had been to the island several times and they liked this resort better than any others they visited. Maybe Punta Cana just doesn't have the same level of service as Cancun.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Ont.Sun-lovers
<Content>Excellent holiday Just got back from a great holiday on Feb. 18 We went as a family we took our 3 boys age 12, 10, 8. They had an amazing time. There was plenty for them to do. Great resort very clean and decorated very nice. People were very friendly. Beach was great, pools were nice and warm great for swimming in. Lots of activities if your interested. Food was the best I've had south. I would recommend this resort it was great. The beach is awesome have been to it twice before once to Riu Bamboo and Occidental Flamenco, both nice spots but I think that I prefer Ocean Sand better. None of us were sick, the weather was sunny the whole time no rain. Just make sure you lotion up well! The boys got a little bit sun burned. Nice place for a wedding. Beautiful landscape always people out working to keep it very clean. Only had one problem and that was at the airport when we arrived in punta cana we got our luggage and one of our suitcases was ripped wide open across the bottom thank heavens everything was still inside barely, was not able to bring it home. We did not let that spoil our holiday as we had plenty of room in our other suitcases to bring our stuff home. We had the best time!!!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ABQuinns
<Content>Awesome Vacation, very relaxing We just returned from our 2 week stay at the resort, Feb 1 - 15th. We are avid travellers, all over Mexico, Cuba, DR, etc. We were travelling with our 2 children 6 yr old and 10 month old and we had an awesome time. We arrived late arround 9pm and we had no problem checking in, 2nd in line and they served us hot face cloths and drinks while waiting in line. We were promptly checked in and given our package and room cards. Room: We did book in the Ocean Blue side, but were put on the Sands side in Villa #8 (8323) and can't think of any complaints about the room as my hubby thought our bed was on of the most comfortable in any resort we have stayed. We were close enough to the pool and lobby. We did ask for 2 queen beds and a crib (which they had in the room) but gave us a king bed so instead of packing up and moving rooms, my son just slept on the sofa bed which was fine and it gave us more room anyway. We had no musty smell, we did have 2 lamps that seemed to have brighter lights and the bathroom was very well lit. There was 1 night we experienced the low water pressure, but we always had hot water. We had no real problem with bugs, did see a couple of mosquitos once and 1 cockroach and that could because we left the balcony door open the first couple of nights and did not know it, as both sides of the balcony door open and have to be both tightly shut to lock, but after we figured that out no bugs ever!The food was great, we mostly ate at the buffet as my hubby loved the great selection (lobster one night - very good) and the desserts there are very very yummy. We did try a couple of the ala carte restaurants, Mexican, Italian, Route 66 and had no complaints. My 10 month old even ate some the food and none of us ever got sick. There is something for everyone and I am somewhat a picky eater and never went hungry. Did have a couple of coffees at Mike's and they were very good, but we were happy to take our travel mugs down at breakfast and have an old fashion coffee and baileys. They never seemed to be out of any of the premier liquor when we were down there. They had everything you asked for and even a good scotch for my hubby.The beach area was awesome, never a problem finding a spot, which with the baby we chose the picnic table area because they were covered and shaded all the time. I walked down the beach area passed a couple hotels and went as far as the Riu hotels and The Ocean Blue/ Sand seemed to have the nicest beach area, less seaweed and not as strong waves and bigger swimming area, I did not walk the other way down so I can't say what the beach looked like there. But it was nice we were close to the beach vendors, so you didn't have to go far to look or buy souvenirs. The service, we had no complaints, the maid was always early in our room, so if we went back to the room for an afternoon ciesta, it was already cleaned. We left her a couple of $, plus some trinkets, like candles, pens, pencils, hair ties, etc ,etc. She did a great job and always left us lots of water and pop. There were always a couple of servers walking around both pools asking if we wanted any drinks and never had to wait more than 10 mins. If you did want to wait then you could go up the pool bar which my son was more than happy to go have his virgin pina colodas and daquiris. We did get locked out of our room once which I think because they might have thought we were staying 1 week instead of 2, but I found a maid and she let me in right away. Found lots of staff did speak english or could help you, no real problems there for us. The entertainment staff at the kids club were awesome, my son did not want to go 1st week, but then we convinced him to try it and we couldn't get him out. The entertainment shows at night were good, from what shows we did see they were well put on. Guest services we awesome, I was running low on formula went down to ask where we could get some and she asked the brand (similac) and made a phone call, charged me $20 (which is reasonable) and they had it delivered right to the hotel within a couple of hours. We did not do any excursions out of the resort, but my hubby and son did the snorking tour the provide at the watersports area (reasonable priced) enjoyed it and they did try the kayaks. We did do some bowling as they give you a free pass when you check in and after that it is $15.00 a game, but I think it is reasonable as it is per game, whether you have 1, 2 or 6 people playing. But my son did play in the kids games they offered around the pool area and won a couple of more free games. We did use the internet services and open later than previous reviews listed. They open around 10am - 1pm reopen at 3pm till 9pm and charge $4 for 15mins or $7 for 30 mins.My only recommendation is if travelling with kids, try and bring some zinc oxide cream for the older ones faces. I saw and talked to some parents and all the kids faces were burning and getting very red and we were using 50 block, but the sun was sooo very hot when we were there that my 6 yr old being in the water so much didn't seem to help, but I did have some diaper cream (who knew) and put that on him and seemed to help out alot. They don't sell any zinc cream in the store, so if you can bring it with you.Overall we had a great time at this resort, very relaxing and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tayloralexasmom
<Content>Loved the Ocean Blue I went to the Ocean Blue Feb 8th for 8 days with my parents and 6 year old daughter. We read all the reviews and were excited about going. We got upgraded to Bldg 10 Elite Club due to them overselling the 1st night...They put us up at the Ocean Cana the 1st night, which was wonderful, as well!This resort is beautiful!! The staff is very friendly and we did not have any problems. We can't understand why people said that there was not alot of choices at the buffet. We are not usually buffet people; however, there was different choices everytime we were there....Dominican Restaurant was excellent - try the Garlic Shrimp...and at the Italian Restaurant...the Shrimp Tempura was great...I enjoyed the different fish..so fresh...loved the grouper. Mexican Restaurant was okay...dad got a bit sick from it! Mike's coffee shop - try the carmel frozen coffee...excellent!The water was so blue and warm and we went up and down the beach and by far, Ocean Blue's premises were the cleanest and most free of seaweed.Due to a airline problem, we were forced to stay at Bavaro Palace for an extra night....trust us, the Ocean Blue is SUPERIOR...hands down!!!Tip...if you have kids, go to the Swim Up bars and ask for a Miami Vice - alcohol free (Strawberry Daiquiri  Pina Colada frozen mixes)...or they will give you a Banana/Strawberry Smoothie w/chocolate syrup!Only negative was that we didn't have more time and that the TimeShare People are like vultures!!!!If anyone has any questions or wants to see pics, you can email tazzimo5700@hotmail.comEnjoy your trip!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KandDNovaScotia
<Content>Great vacation We stayed at the Ocean Blue from Feb 4th to 11th.Other than the flight down , the trip was a complete success.Our carrier , Canjet , announced an unscheduled stopover in the Bahamas as we departed Halifax in order to re-fuel as opposed to the promised non-stop. This caused us to miss our noon time arrival at the resort to begin our vacation that we were looking forward to.Despite this , we were pleasantly surprised to find almost all of the great things others had been saying about Ocean Blue on Trip Advior were indeed true.Check in was a breeze and took all of 15 minutes.Our original room was in block 7 on the 3rd floor and to be honest , caused us a little disappointment. Not because there was anything wrong with the room itself but rather it's location.It was a suite that faced out to the ajoining property ( mixture of mangrove and palm tree forrest ) not that there's anything wrong with that , but we had hoped for a room a little closer to the pool and beach.The next morning we spoke to the check in supervisor and with a little $ encouragement , we were switched to block 5 with a ground level room.This proved to be the best move of the week , as the place we choose for a pool perch was virtualy 50 feet from our new room.Things we liked :The pool(s)--- Very large and warm and clean. Swim up bar--great service with top shelf liquor and beerThe beach--best beach we've experienced yet ( this is our 9th trip to Carribean resorts )Pool chairs--absolutely the best quantity of chairs we've experienced at any resort. No need to run out 1st thing in the morning to secure chairs with towels whether at the pool or the beach.Rooms- very large and for the most part clean.Staff--by far the friendliest and greatest abundance of workers of any of the places we have stayed. Grounds--clean and manicured to perfectionFood--for the standard by which Carribean resorts of this type are measured , we found it among the best . Certainly not 5 star perfect but no problem finding something suitable to eat.Service--far and away the best . Resorts and hotels back at home could learn a few thing on how to treat their customers.Things we didn't like :Can't think of anything ....Overall , as I mentioned , we have travelled numerous time to the Carribean over the past 8 years ( two prevous trips to Punta Cana , four trips to Cuba , once to Bahamas and Barbados ) and for our money this may be the best bang for the buck.In terms of ratings , we have stayed at 4.5 star resorts in past and were suspicious of the yard stick that was used to measure them , however , the Ocean Blue may be the 1st we have come across to deseve it's 4.5 star rating. No problem recommending it to others.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>3kidfamily
<Content>pretty good For a family of five, this hotel was very good.Restaurants: The Italian, Dominican, La Brasa , were very good. They all had good grilled chicken. The American and Buffet restaurants were o.k. The Mexican restaurant was not great. It had nacho cheese drizzled over everything so that the food looked very unappealing. There is a dress code for the Italian, Dominican, and El Bodegon (additional supplement), have dress codes: long pants and no tank tops. The lunch and snacks were very good. It was great having lunch on the beach! Breakfast was very good, the breakfast buffet was huge and had many different choices, from cereal to crepes to fruit and exotic drinks. The only problem with the breakfast was that sometimes it was very air-conditioned. (Some restaurants had this problem also.) Mike's coffee was also very nice, with pie, cookies, brownies, and coffee. All of the dining areas (excepting the sports bar) were very nice eating enviroments. Pools: There are two large zero depth pools that have two islands in the middle of them. The deepest point in these is about five feet. There is no hot tub but there is a jacuzzi. They also have a small wading pool. The swim-up bars are nice. Bartenders are efficient and will not give kids drinks with alcohol in them.Beach:The beach is very nice. The water is very warm, maybe even warmer than the pool! It is very gentle also.Kids club:The kids club was dissapointing, it had two televisions with video games. At the kids club there is unlimited cotton candy, popcorn, and popsicles.Suite:The hotel room was nice. It had a stocked refrigerator and three. beds. The only problem was that if the floor got wet, it stayed wet. Ocean Blue is huge. You need to know more Spanish than just hola. Overall Ocean Blue was pretty good.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>thewayIseeit
<Content>Great Time at Ocean Blue       beachfront  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>KWcouple
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue! Review of Ocean Sand/BlueFirst, I am posting this on both the Ocean sand and Ocean blue areas, since this is the same resort, just different sides!I will start with an explanation of who we are and what we expected from the resort as this may help if you are looking for the same things. My husband (32) and myself (29) went to the Ocean Sand from Feb 5-12. We chose this resort because of a few things - was fairly new, had all suite rooms, had no-reservations and unlimited a la carte reservations, the coffee bar, and rating was 4 plus. We were looking for a place where you could relax, enjoy good food, and though we don鈥檛 care too much about partying night life, want to be able to stay up with some drinks if we鈥檙e in the mood. I also wanted a clean resort, and a more spacious room. I will give a pretty thorough review - so hopefully this is helpful info.1- Check in - our flight arrived late - so we got to the resort around 10:30 (陆 hour ride from airport - no problem). Check in was smooth - and we had a bell boy drop us off with our luggage at our room. We were placed in villa 8 originally (we did not upgrade and were booked on the Ocean Sand side)2- Room: Our initial room was okay. It had 2 queen beds, a couch area, bathroom etc. I would have been fine with this room, although we preferred a king sized bed so decided to ask the next day. This room did have quite a musty smell and looked onto the fence area - not great but this wouldn鈥檛 have bothered my stay. At about 10am the next day, we went to the check in desk, and asked to be moved to a room with a king bed. The man at the desk was great, switched us and said he couldn鈥檛 get a view - even though I didn鈥榯 ask for a 鈥渧iew鈥? To our surprise, our new room (villa 7) overlooked the middle of the resort and grounds and had a king sized bed - and much less musty smell (so to me, this was a great view after all!!). This change took only 1 hour and they were very accommodating. I would highly suggest to ask for the change if you鈥檙e not happy with your original room because we considered staying put, but were so glad we asked! Room was very clean, maids cleaned every day by the morning (sometimes fresh towels come later in the day), there was easy room safe use, ironing board and iron and coffee maker. The only snag is we found was beer for the fridge. Our maid always left us lots of what we wanted for- water, diet pepsi, but left us a note saying 鈥渘o hay cerveza鈥?I had read that all roms had beer in the mini fridge now and not just the upgraded rooms. We would have called guest services, but didn鈥檛 really miss this as drinks are so readily available. Another tip - we discovered later in the trip that to deadbolt your room at night, turn the door handle upright. 3- Grounds: Beautiful resort grounds! Very clean, great layout, well kept grounds. We especially enjoyed the 2 pools. The one pool closer to the beach had more of a 鈥減arty鈥?atmosphere - with activities, busy swim up bar etc. The other pool had a more quiet, relaxed atmosphere - and also a swim up bar! This pool had more cushioned loungers, but the yellow ones are fine too. We also really liked the 鈥渞estaurant鈥?area - all set up in a little 鈥渧illage like atmosphere鈥?The beach is of course beautiful ! There were always loungers, although the shaded palapa type areas were taken early in the day - but I鈥檓 there for the sun! If you want one of those, head down by 8 or 9am I would say.4- Food: This would be the only area I may give 4-4.5 out of 5. Don鈥檛 worry - we weren鈥檛 disappointed by the food - just sometimes a bit repetitive (same side dishes at a la cartes for example with what I had) The breakfast buffet was great - as expected, all the usual eggs, bacon, breads, pastries, yogurt, bagels, fresh egg/omlette station, crepe station , fruit, juice. We never wanted anything else. Lunch - main buffet was great too - fish, side dishes, pizza, burgers etc - pasta too. We found that we preferred the beach buffet though since you don鈥檛 need to change - guys mostly wore shirts, girls can just wear a sarong over their bathing suit. Here they have a smaller selection, but fresh grilled burgers and hotdogs, and BBQ chicken, fries, fresh made pizza, salad, and other stuff too. One day they grilled outside which was great! Dinner - we found the dinner buffet on the night we went (Dominican night) - was kind of disappointing - but maybe we just weren鈥檛 trying the right things. However, we could have easily went to route 66 for something else - so no big deal. We tried all of the a la cartes too- and really loved the no reservation system, you never have to 鈥渂e anywhere鈥?at a specific time. Route 66 we didn鈥檛 think we鈥檇 really like - but the menu selection here is quite big - I had grilled chicken, and hubby had steak. We liked this place, and would have went back if we didn鈥檛 like another place. Dominican was great too - (more dressy - men must wear pants here) - I had grilled fish, Mike had a beef dish which he really liked. Italian (again men wear pants) - we both had salmon which was excellent! This was the only place we had to wait about 陆 hour - but we looked at the menu, decided we would wait, went back to our room to change and it was fine. They also have a buffet of apps which was really good! Caribbean grill by the beach had a great open atmosphere - I had shrimp with rice, Mike again had beef type of dish. Mexican I had fajitas which were great - Mike had a burrito - which was deep fried which he didn鈥檛 like so much. Overall, we weren鈥檛 disappointed by the food, just weren鈥檛 鈥渨owed鈥?as we were at Iberostar chain. I really have to comment on the Mike鈥檚 coffee bar. I knew everybody raved about this, but really this place is awesome! It is now open from 10am until midnight - so you can get a frozen latt or whatever you please in the afternoon if you like. There is a little menu by the counter - with lots of things to try. This little extra really makes this resort special and is something I miss!5- Bars/drinks- lobby bar is beautiful and in the centre of the lobby. We loved sitting in the open atmosphere and having a couple of drinks. The beer is presidente - but almost every bar I saw Heineken, bud light and sometimes corona (definitely at the sports bar, saw at swim up bars, and at beach buffet bar) There is premium liquor available too - which you need to ask for. There is clamato for ceasars. There are so many bars here - I can鈥檛 see how anybody would be disappointed! Sports bar is open late - snacks available from 11pm onward - which is basically a little buffet of wings, fries, burgers etc. When we got there some of this food was a bit cold - but they bring fresh stuff out in about an hour and we really enjoyed the wings!6-Nightlife. We went to a few of the shows - Chicago, Dominican show, magic show and Mr. Ocean Blue. They are a lot of fun - and last from 9:30 to 10:30 - we didn鈥檛 expect top quality shows, so we enjoyed them. I didn鈥檛 go to the disco, but seemed to have a different theme each night. Retro one night, all white party one night, and there was a disco crawl one night to places in town. The casino we went to one night, which isn鈥檛 huge, but we didn鈥檛 have to wait for a slot machine. It was cute! Lobby bar is open until midnight, and we were ready to head in by then or earlier every night.7-Overall service - I never had a problem with service at this resort. The staff were always friendly and didn鈥檛 expect tips. We would tip at restaurants, and whenever we were served (ie- when by the pool and a waitress brings you a drink or whenever we had a couple of drinks from the same server) We also tipped at the coffee bar, since they seemed to work such long days, and always gave great service. I loved the staff - so kind and friendly.8- Gym facility - the brochure says it opens at 9am - but in fact it opens at 8am now. There are 2 treadmills, 2 elliptical, 3 bikes, and the usual weight machines, free weights. It is air conditioned. The treadmills were taken up pretty quickly if you鈥檙e a morning person like me, but there is always something free.鈥淥ther鈥?br/>Yes, the time share guys are there - by the buffet in the morning. They will try to get you when you leave. But, the first time, we listened to him for a couple of minutes, then he asked us to come back for about 15minutes, I said no, that I needed to get to the beach, and no thank you. They try to persuade you, but just keep walking, say no thank you and it鈥檚 fine. They can鈥檛 force you to stay! Or another trick I found, was when you leave, you can get the 鈥渄aily Ocean Sand/Blue new鈥?and read it on your way out! (this brochure tells you the activites, buffet specials and if there are any restaurants unavailable for the night - so I would pick one up every day - they are also available at guest services.Golf - is expensive at the Sands next to the resort. It is not finished yet, so you can only book 9 holes - from 7am to 1pm. It was 105 US per person for 9 holes, plus 30 for rental clubs. So we didn鈥檛 golf, but if you are interested, it may be worth looking into a package deal? Internet access is available for $4 US for 15 minutes - about 5 computers here. Also I saw $3 for wireless connection here for 15 min.  Overall we really loved this resort and had a great time. I would highly recommend this resort!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicole.plaza
<Content>Fun in the Sun Short review:Rooms were OK, food was OK, pool and beach were very nice.My fiance and I just got back from a 7 night stay. We booked our vacation through Apple Vacations. I read all the reviews before coming on this trip and most of them I have to say are true. The rooms are assigned ahead of time (prior to arrival) and they will NOT change your room to another one. We checked into our room with 2 beds on the ground floor and unpacked. We were about to go to the pool and start to enjoy the vacation when the front desk called and said another couple would like a ground floor and if we want to switch to the 3rd floor, still 2 beds. We said great. The rooms on the ground floor get more bugs so we were more than happy to repack and move. We told the front desk to give us 10 minutes and called less than 10 minutes later when we were ready to switch. The front desk said the guy was on the way with the key to the new room. We waited 15 minutes and called again asking where the guy was. Another 15 minutes goes by and I called the front desk again...we ended up waiting one hour outside our room for the keys to our new room. By this time it was 4:30 PM, we had not eaten or drank anything since arriving at the resort and we had been on a 6 AM flight out of Chicago. Needless to say it was a long day and we were hungry and wanted to enjoy the beautiful weather outside and could not. The check in process was horrible. The rooms are very dim, we brought 1, 100 watt light bulb and it was not enough. They use the energy efficient light bulbs which is why it is so dim. You could have every light on in the room and still be dark, bathrooms are very dark.The one good thing about booking with Apple is that the villa you stay in is villa 5 and it is the second closest villa to the beach and pool. The resort is big and staying in the 1st or 2nd villa could be a pain if you want to go back to the room quickly for anything. Unless you stay in the suites which are the closest villas to the beach. You do NOT get alcohol in your room. You would think at an all inclusive you get alcohol and room service in your room, NOPE. Only the suites get this service, bit of a change from your typical Mexico all inclusives where these things are part of the package and you don't have to be in a suite to get them.The staff primarily speaks Spanish but there are staff members that speak a little English. I know very little Spanish but my fiance and I managed and when we needed something we just made sure to find the staff that we knew speaked better English, primarily the more senior staff members. Check in was our only true complaint. My fiance did not care for the food but I thought it was OK. He is a fussy eater. Beware if you find something you like at lunch or dinner at the buffet you might not see it again. It was very rare that I would see something at the buffet twice, lots of variety, but different taste to it. The chicken was all white meat, good. They have lots of seafood (squid, octopus, steamed fish). The ala carte restaurants are decent, not bad. We ate at the Mexican, Italian, and one near the beach (not the supplement one). Obviously if you are from a large city like me (Chicago) the food does not compare but if you have eaten at other all inclusives in Mexico, etc. it is comparable maybe even a little better when it comes to variety. There are stations during the meals at the buffet that are the same daily. For example, breakfast has a station for omelettes, eggs to order, pancakes, french toast...dinner has a station for chicken stir fry, pasta, carving station (beef, turkey, rabbit, pork) and fish station (steamed white fish, salmon). Gift shop at the hotel only takes cash, NO credit cards but will give US change. Bring small change (singles, fives, and tens) it makes it easier. The gift shop is also expensive. If you buy suntan lotion it will be +$12 for a smaller bottle and all they have is Banana Boat and Hawaiian Tropics. They have Pringles potato chips for $5 and candy bars for $2. I would suggest packing some snacks and bringing them with you if you are like us and snack at night in the room.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>golfguyhhi
<Content>A great vacation! My wife and I stayed at the Ocean Blue from Feb 1 to Feb 9. We had a wonderful time. The beach is amazing, the pools were excellent, the food was great, the room was fine, and the staff was friendly, courteous and extremely helpful, and the weather was exceptional. We didn鈥檛 get sick, we had no mysterious puddles of water, and no bugs. Yes, we enjoyed our vacation. Let me say here that you enjoy your vacation here even more if you learn a half dozen simple phrases in Spanish. You needn鈥檛 be fluent, but just making the effort returns enormous dividends from the staff.We had booked into Blue, but were placed in the Sands side, in building 7. This building is nearest the front of the resort and the restaurants, but the walk from there to the beach was the work of no more than 7 to 8 minutes. We always walked in the courtyards of buildings 8, 9, and 10, so it was always cool, un-crowded, and the wonderful fountains that are in the courtyards made us feel like we were walking in some Moorish plaza. Really a pleasure.We checked in around 5 PM, and that took all of 5 minutes. We took the tram and had a chance to see the property before we came back around from the beach to building 7. Our luggage showed up about 10 minutes later, and the bell boy showed us the important features of the room (including the digital safe).Our maid kept our room clean and made up each day, packed our fridge with water, made sure we had towels, created towel art and left fresh flowers every day. We left her little gifts (make up, crayons and paper for her kids, hair scrunchies) and a couple of dollars each day. We also tipped a dollar or two to the other folks who gave us good service 鈥?which meant quite a few people.I think the main buffet at Ocean Blue/Sands is excellent. We ate our breakfasts there, and I can鈥檛 understand when people say they couldn鈥檛 find anything to eat 鈥?juices, fruits, hot and cold cereal, French toast, pancakes, crepes, cold cuts and cheeses, smoothies, yogurt, breads and pastries, eggs any way you want them, bacon, sausage, ham, potatoes, vegetables -- and everything with a small sign above it saying what it was in 5 languages.And when we sat down the first day, within a minute we had one of the server/bus boys and girls come by to ask if we wanted coffee (even decaf). From that day on, within a minute of sitting down, one of the crew that handled the tables in the area where we regularly sat would be there with coffee and warm milk for our caf茅 con leche. Empty plates were whisked away with a quick 鈥淐on permisso, senor (or senora),鈥?and coffee refills were offered even if we still had a half cup left. Very attentive service.We ate lunch each day at the beach buffet, and, while the selection was smaller, we always found good things to eat 鈥?burgers, hot dogs, absolutely wonderful rice and beans, paella, deli meats and cheese, salads, and surprisingly good pizza. That place was always hopping at lunch and the staff there was always on the go. As busy as they were cleaning tables and running drinks, we always had our drink orders taken within a few moments of sitting down. The one day we didn鈥檛, I had gone to the buffet line first and brought back my food while my wife held the table. Since we hadn鈥檛 been asked for drinks (probably because we turned over the table cloth and got our own silverware, so we may not have been on anyone鈥檚 radar), my wife went to the bar to get a glass of wine and a Presidente (This is a very good beer! I don鈥檛 understand people complaining that it鈥檚 the only one on tap. It had good flavor.). About 30 seconds later a waiter came by for my drink order and I told him my wife had gone to the bar for our drinks 鈥?he took off after her, found her and told her to go back to her seat and he brought us our drinks, leaving us both laughing.We ate in 4 of the a la cartes, and I agree, the Dominican was the best. It was, unfortunately, closed to the public on 2 nights we were there. The best part of the Mexican restaurant is the appetizer bar where you can put together tacos with a wide selection of toppings. Add in a big glass of beer, and you鈥檝e got a very nice meal. Likewise at the Italian restaurant, the antipasto bar and a glass of wine produced a wonderful dinner the second night we went there. We did not eat at Route 66 鈥?I can get great ribs at home. At all the restaurants, the house white wine is quite pleasant, as is the sparkling wine. I was not enamored by the red 鈥?a funny undertaste. But the joy of an AI is that, if you don鈥檛 like something, you simply order something else.Mike鈥檚 Coffee House really is a treasure for this property. We were always met with smiles when we went in there for coffee, even though the staff was always working at full speed as there were always 2 or 3 people in line 鈥?the espresso machine can only make 2 cups at a time, so that means the barista was a steady blur of movement.At the French theme night in the main buffet (there鈥檚 a different them each night), I had a very good duck a l鈥檕range and really wonderful little lamb chops. On another night we ate at the main buffet my wife and I each had made-to-order stir-fry (you put the things you want in your stir fry in a bowl and hand it to the chef who then creates your own individual stir fry). There are various types of chili and chili/garlic sauces you can have added in if you like spicy 鈥?which we do.We also ate at the beach a la carte 2 times. The first time was excellent. Service was prompt and the food was very good. The second time there was some type of disconnect between the wait staff and the kitchen. We waited a long time with no evidence of food, and just as we were getting up to leave for the main buffet, the hostess ran over to tell us our food was just arriving 鈥?which it did. This was on our last night, and it did diminish our feelings about the resort just a bit for that hour or so. But I鈥檝e been in stateside restaurants where this has happened, so it is not unique to this place.We loved going to the lobby bar, where, after the first night there, we were always greeted by the irrepressibly exuberant Luis with a loud 鈥淗ola mi amigo, como esta?鈥?and a request for our drink order 鈥?this while he was juggling 3 or 4 other customers, concocting all manner of cocktails, and singing snatches of popular songs. We鈥檇 have a Tanqueray and tonic and a Stoli and tonic before dinner, and a Cointreau or a Sambucca on the rocks after dinner. There was music every night, and since it is open to the evening breeze, it was a great place to pass an hour or so. All the bartenders and servers at the lobby bar were very pleasant, but you could also see they were focused and busy, so there was no time for idle chit-chat, and they had no time to wait while you thought about what kind of drink you wanted. When their eyes met yours, you needed to be able to give your drink order quickly and make sure they heard and understood it or they were moving on to the next person. People there ordered in English, French, Russian, Spanish and German while I was sitting there, and every one of them got the drink they ordered 鈥?how many bars in the US can boast of being able to do that?We went to the show in the theater one night when they were putting on 鈥楥hicago鈥? It was a lot of fun. The actors (made up of the animacion staff, those people who try to get you up off your chaise lounge all day to participate in 鈥淏ollyball on de beeech鈥?or the dreaded 鈥淐razy Games鈥?鈥?by running around yelling 鈥淲aky Waky, no sleepy sleepy) are enormously enthusiastic, and some of them are pretty good dancers as they lip-synch along to the movie鈥檚 sound track. A good time 鈥?and there is a bar in the back of the theater. In fact, I believe there is a bar every 100 feet or so at this resort. No one can go thirsty here.On the day before we were to leave, our key did not work when we returned from the beach. A quick call to the operator got me connected to the 鈥淗ot Line鈥?and a promise that someone would be out in a few minutes to check the lock. In less than 15 minutes 2 repairmen and a security officer showed up. They checked the lock and confirmed the batteries were good and told me the code for my key had been removed. My wife and I figured an incorrect date for our departure had been keyed in when we arrived. No big deal. The three men that came to help were friendly and courteous and explained that I had to go to the front desk to get my key re-programmed. I went, waited 3 minutes while a couple in front of me checked in, explained what happened, and had newly programmed keys about 30 seconds after that. Crisp, courteous, and fast.On the day we left, we called for a bell boy to get our luggage. Ten minutes later he was in our room and taking our bags downstairs (we were on the 2nd floor). We rode with him to the front of the lobby where we dropped our bags. We had an hour before our pickup, so we went to the main buffet for lunch.My only complaint, and this is not with the Ocean Blue/Sands, but rather is with some of the people who go there, the ones who go out at 7 AM and leave towels and books on the prime chairs and loungers under the umbrellas or at the beach palapas, and then use the chairs for an hour or two during the day. I think it鈥檚 a terrible practice. I can see marking seats that you鈥檝e been sitting in while you go to lunch and come back in an hour, but not marking them at 7 AM and coming to use them at 2 PM when you come back from your ATV adventure.All in all, a great vacation made all the more so by the excellent staff at the resort. Our next Punta Cana trip will be to another resort, only because we want to other places and verify that Ocean Blue/Sands was a good as we think it was.Sorry to go on so long.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kelseywoods
<Content>Punta Cana for 4 Young Single Gals from NYC Me and three of my girlfriends stayed at the Ocean Blue from 2/3 - 2/10. It was an overall wonderful experience. We're all from NYC or the immediate area so keep in mind this is my/our opinion on the hotel based on a group who is used to very nice resort vacation spots as well as everyday life and fancy NYC nightlife. Ocean - The water is GORGEOUS. Perfect temperature. Pools - The one closer to the beach is a bit more loud as that is where the host activites such as water aerobics. Pools crowded but we never had trouble finding a space for the 4 of us. 2 pool bars. Water aerobics was fun but then we had to get in a circle and do some massaging activities on strangers. That part was rather odd if you ask me. Rooms - We fit 4 20-something women in 1 room and it was completely fine. Bathrooms are marble and very nice. Bath is huge. Like everyone says the lighting is BAD. We requested a lamp be added to our room and they brought one the next day. Do not expect immediate service from housekeeping. Tip $4 per day for the maids. One day we had our face towels laid out with flowers on them. Very nice. Definitely keep everything in your safe. DO NOT BRING EXPENSIVE JEWELRY OR HANDBAGS that will not fit in the safe. My friend had her Gucci bag stolen (which was in her suitcase). After complaning every day (the hotel WAS good about investigating) it ironically showed back up right before we left. Bars/Alcohol - When we asked what kind of alcohol they had, as we preferred nicer alcohol they would avoid at all costs and just smile and say It is the #1 ....we gave up after a while and just went with it...just dont expect fantastic alcohol selections....the champagne at the lobby bar tasted fine and the sports bar had brand names like heineken....just don't be expecting a ketel 1 and tonic here at all...We got used to it quickly...Since the sports bar was open the latest, we would end up there late night for a night cap which was nice that there was that option -its open til 6am and even has some food available at all hours.. We tried to go to the club on site the Wave a couple times but it just wasnt our thing. It was nice to sit in the lobby bar and have some cocktails in the evening after dinner - a lot of people hang out there...Clubs - We went to 2 different clubs. Mangu and Arieto. Mangu was quite interesting. 2 floors. 2nd floor played more techno music. 1st floor was spanish and hip-hop at times. The 2nd floor had quite a crew of characters - a midget, some 1/2 naked men, 2 men on stilts, etc. Danced for a long time but then the strobe lights were getting to us. Definitely a fun experience (we got up on the cage stands and danced too...P.S. They had premium liquor at this club - but Red Bull is VERY expensive in DR just FYI. Taxi was about $8 to the club form Ocean Blue - 7 min ride. We went to Arieto on an excursion with the hotel. We had a lot of fun there and they played a lot of American Music. They also had a small room where they played dance/techno music which we would pop into sometimes to give our feet a rest...DJ was nice and gave my friend a lesson on the DJ tables! Worth checking out...Restaurants on site: Be forewarned - this is not fine dining by ANY MEANS. If you are expecting NYC restaurants - you will be very dissapointed. This resort is for the beaches and RR. THat said here are my thoughts on the restaurants. Italian was great. Appetizers are buffet style. All our food was great. We asked for a bottle of wine to bring to our room and hostess snuck it to us. Get there at 6 BEFORE it opens as a line forms right outside. Very popular. American - fine for a burger but not the appetizers like buffalo wings, onion rings, mozzerella sticks, etc. These were def frozen or something. Mashed potatoes here were also def flakes from the box. Reminded me of college days! Also don't be lured by the menu pictures of the shakes. They had no flavor and were straight milk - not frozen. Chicken sandwich and jalepeno burger were good. Cosmopolitan cocktail also good.Mexican - not good. Only salvageable was the guacamole you get at the buffet and the chicken fajitas which were standard. DONT GET THE CHICKEN TACOS. Oh and be warned - Cheese Wiz WILL show up in your meal sometime during the trip. You'll see it, trust me.Dominican - Went there the last night. Was great. Pork was fantastic. Champagne also good. Was booked for private parties most of the nights so check with staff when it will be open for the public. We did two shots of mamajuana with the staff at the end of the meal. whoooeeeBuffet: Breakfast - Great. Lunch - Not so great at all. Tried to be creative. Dinner - Usually very good - fill up with salad first. Chinese station good. Desert - the coconut ice cream is amazing. yum yum yumWe didnt try the 2 restaurants that are not included in the plan as one of us didnt eat meat and the other didnt want all seafood. We were also nervous to risk paying for the food as everyhting else had pretty much left something to be desired. (We actually at lunch devised that we were going to play Top Chef Dominican Republic and each person had to come up with something creative based on what was offered at lunch.)Spa: I got 2 massages. One on the beach for 25 minutes - relaxing. It was nice however the masseuse was talking to the other masseuse for 1/2 the time. Got a 2nd massage for 90 minutes (combination) at the spa. FANTASTIC! If you are with someone you guys will have to go in room together. Combination you pick the three kinds of massages you want. I did stress relief, aromatherapy and scalp. All were great. Book with the guy who walks around the pool as he can get you a discount if you ask. Activities: We did a couple...Catamaran ride: 30 minutes was perfect. Relaxing and beautiful and super cheap ($22 for the group)Horseback Riding: About 20 minute ride to the site. 2 hour ride on the beach. Go with a larger group of about 30-40. Lots of fun but 2 hours seemed to be a lot. Could take it or leave it. Karaoke at the sports bar: A couple nights they hosted karaoke at the pub. We did it one night and it was a BLAST. In the beginning they played a lot of spanish songs in a row for one group so the english speaking people were getting upset and a bunch left. We felt bad especially b/c when we got up to sing (obviously english speaking songs) the spanish crowd was supportive and were singing along with us and everyone had a great time. ONe friend of ours who said she hated karaoke ended up singing her brains out and dancing with everyone in the room. Force yourself to go out of your element - you won't ever see these people again and its fun. Shopping: We went to the shops  on the beach. Nothing that compelling although found cool rings at a vendor towards the end. Everything else is pretty much the same. One night the hotel had vendors come and we all found some neat jewelry then. Definitely negotiate. You should end up paying an average of 40% of what they initially offer. Casino - Extremely small. One friend played blackjack a lot. Nice to go for a bit. Note to non-smokers: Its not like NY where smoking is banned in restaurants. You can pretty much smoke anywhere which was a bit frustrating for me personally (great for my friends who smoke) but you can just walk outside for some fresh air. Gym: Nice, clean, new equipmentIts about a 30-40 minute ride form airport to hotel. $28 plus tip. Tipping: Everyone is sooo on the money (pardon the pun) on this one....BRING LOTS OF SINGLES. You will be tipping everywhere. Bring a wad of $100 singles per person. It is pretty expected but everyone works hard and deserves it.Guest Services: They are helpful - ask them advice. They also have all the menus. Beach: Can go topless. Common there. Lots of seats. We also hung out there late one night with friends we met. NOt a problem with security. They also have a bonfire there everynight (to the left of the seafood restaurant - ask guest services)Photos: They bring around a monkey, a parrot, and an iguana for you to take pictures with. You dont have to buy if you dont want. $8. Def take advantage of the photoshoot service. 1 hour and they take beautiful pictures all over the resort. Have to buy i think 15 picutres but they really are beautiful and they take a lot of photos for you to choose from. Ideal for couples. Two of my friends did this and the pictures turned out fantastic. You can look at the photographers portfolio before deciding to do it. Overall it was a fantastic trip. Great for RR. Lots of families - def not a singles place but thats not what we were looking for. Not a place where you'll be walking around town, going to shops, etc. Nice to have everything you need right in one place. Very clean. Just recommend lowering your expectations of you have luxury and also fine dining in mind.  I think thats it for now. If you have any questions - feel free to contact me at kelseywoods@aol.com. I check it occassionally. Enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LovetoTrave
<Content>Great Family Vacation My husband, 7 year old son and 8 year old daughter stayed at the Ocean Blue resort from January 27th until February 3, 2007. We had a great time. My husband and I have travelled extensively, but this is the first time we travelled with our children to all inclusive resort.Overall the resort was great. I did not find it large at all and enjoyed walking to the pool or the buffet for exercise. We stayed in Villa 3 which was exactly in the middle, so I thought it was a great location, especially with the kids.Some things to consider:- As others mentioned, if you like to read bring a small reading light as the room is the darkest room I have ever stayed in.- The gym doesn't open until 9:00 am. which is the latest I have ever experienced.- All the outside lights are turned off at 4:00 a.m. The first morning I went outside at 6:00 a.m. for jog and could hardly find my way down the stairs!!- One morning we had no water and another evening we had no hot water. I found this unacceptable, as I have never experienced this at any other resort.The food was fabulous. The kids always found something to eat, whether it was at a restaurant or the buffet. Our favourite was the Dominican Restaurant. My son turned 7 while we were there and they treated him like royalty by turning the lights off in the restaurant and signing Happy Birthday to him.Our room has two queens and then a sofa. It was great for our needs. The beach is beautiful. The kids took boogie boards out in the waves and we walked for miles each day.I found everything to be spotless and in great condition as the resort is so new.All in all it was a great resort for the value, with just a few kinks the resort needs to work out.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PiggyMontreal
<Content>Mixed feelings on this resort My husband and I stayed at this Resort from Feb 1st to 8th and we had fantastic weather. When booking our priority #1 was the food (we are not great fans of buffets and enjoy sitting and being served, specially at night) Well the food was great, the only problem being that 2 out of 5 (the best according to critics) restaurants were closed for private events every night of our stay.Likes - The beach is very nice and clean (a little crowded for my taste but nothing compared to other hotels we saw on our walks) - Pools, rooms and hotel grounds are also impeccable.Food (as mentionned above) was great. We really liked Mike's, Pool, Beach and Sports Bars. Service was very slow and not always friendly at the Lobby Bar (and believe me in Punta Cana tips do not seem to make a difference). Restaurant, buffet, bar and room personnel are quite friendly and doing their best to please.The hotel organized a very nice party on Super Bowl night with extra geant screen, bar and buffet Fantastic.Dislikes - Service at this hotel is BAD - After checking in at 12h00 we were left to find our way to our room alone, after walking the grounds on the BLUE side (we had booked at Ocean Blue) down to the beach we discovered our room was on the Sand side and when we got there our key card did not work - so we called reception and had to wait 45 minutes for someone to come and let us in (p.s we were not the only ones and made friends that night). Same thing for bell boy service at check out (they let you wait for 40 min. and then call your room to find out if you still need someone, we carried our luggage down from the 3rd floor and waited another 30 mins.) Reception and guest service personnel seem to be bothered by customers. Our feeling at this hotel is that management is looking for a very fast return on their investment by permitting sales people to bother you every day both on the site and at the beach for time sharing, excursions, massages etc. By booking restaurants for private events after advertising to their guest that they have a choice of 5 restaurants.We will not be going back to this hotel or to Punta Cana (too crowded) - Unfortunate though because the weather is Great So if sunshine and crowds is what you're looking for this is the place for you - if not than I don't recommend this resort.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>familyof5yardley
<Content>Our Family Loved This Resort          The Villas  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>pauliwogAbbotsford
<Content>Ocean Blue blew us away! My wife and I just returned from our 2 week holiday at the Ocean Blue. It was our first time to the Dominican and we loved every minute of it. We were there from Jan.25th to Feb. 8th. The people at the resort were very hospitable and friendly. The resort was very clean with staff cleaning all the time. The beach was the nicest we have ever seen and the grounds were very beatiful and well kept. The food was also very good with lots of variety and different themes every day. The pools are very large and the bars were very accessible with lots of major brands of alcohol. There is lots of walking here but there is also a trolley every 5 minutes to get to any part of the resort you want to go. The ala carte restaurants were also very clean and the service and food was excellent. The only thing we didn't like were the time share people on the resort and the beaches hounding you to take in one of there hour talks. All in all this was the best vacation ever and we would go back anytime.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Emmalake
<Content>Loved the Ocean Blue We visited the Ocean Blue, January 31 - February 7th. This is an excellent resort. The beach is gorgeous. The resort is very large but they have a trolley that travels around the resort. One of the things that was really nice, what that you did not have to make reservations ahead of time at the a la carte restaurants. If you felt like eating Mexican, you just go down there that evening and have a drink while you are waiting. Route 66 American Restaurant was great. One of the negatives, was that the Carribean Restaurant on the beach was pre-booked for conventions for 3 nights out of our 6 night stay. We also booked the photographer for the 1 hour shoot, since this year will be our 30 year wedding anniversary. The best time and money we spent. The pictures turned out great and we had a hard time picking the ones we wanted so we would fall within our budget.The rooms were nicely decorated and extremely clean. The nice touches were the jucuzi tubs, the coffee maker (TIP: stop at one of the bars at the end of your day, get a glass of Baileys for your morning coffee), the ironing boards  iron in each room, and an umbrella. Our room was 4225 - Villa 4. I would highly recommend this area. Central to pools and restaurants and when sitting on the deck you could see the ocean. What a wonderful way to wake up.The little shopping huts on the beach is right next to the resort so an easy 5 minute walk.I would highly recommend this resort and will probably be going back next year with a group.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>AvidDisher
<Content>Find Celeste! I went to Ocean Blue with my husband and son (age 2) for my brother's wedding. I was very skeptical about this because of all the reviews I have read on this site and my husband and I usually do cruises when we have the chance to vacation so this was very different for us to be committed to a place for a whole week. I was very happy to say that my concerns were completely needless. The food and beverage were excellent (especially the Mexican) and always available. I had no trouble getting something to eat or drink at any time (which is very important with a 2 year-old! By far the best surprise was how great the people are. I love their culture! The people are so warm and friendly. We had a lot of fun with the black jack dealers especially. They were heart-broken when they beat you! Very sweet! It is true that everything is damp, so bring your favorite smelly candle. It also helps if you leave the fan in the bathroom on all the time. As for the upgrading, my family did not but the rest of the wedding party did and I am happy that we didn't. Hardly anybody used the motorized water sports that were included (there is too many other fun things to do) and you can buy a massage your self. Try the deep tissue for $95. It was AWESOME! There wasn't much difference in the rooms but the upgraded rooms did get one set of liquor (that doesn't get replenished). I thought that was cool, but with all the drinking we did all day long, we rarely needed a drink in the room.So my best advice that I can give you is ........FIND CELESTE! Who is Celeste? She is a staff photographer that takes pictures on the beach and throughout the resort. You only buy the photos you want. You can also have the staff photographers do a photo session with your family for free, you just have to buy at least 15 pictures (we bought over 50 because we couldn't leave them behind). To set up the photo session, go to the photo store and ask to make an appointment with Celeste. She is so sweet and has unbelievable talent. My Henry can be a really tough one to get to smile and she never got frustrated with him, she made the best of the rough moments. During the session he had a mini-tantrum and decided he wanted to lay on the ground rather than stand up for the picture, she simply laid next to him and got the best picture of him I have ever seen! I was crying when she showed us the pictures later that night. Whoever you are, you need to do this! Couples, singles, families, groups, everyone deserves to have a great photo of themselves with the best backdrop that God could ever provide! What a souvenier!As for complaints...I wish they would have had a suite available. It would have been nic if my boy would have had his own room to sleep in and the music that they play at the pool is techno. I got on the plane on the way home and played Jimmy Buffet and Bob Marley on my ipod the first chance I had because I ached for island music so badly. I hope the next time I go back they have changed their music. And beware...some of the theatre is pretty racy! We left in a panic when all the sudden several women with thongs and barely a top started dancing like they were in a rap video. I would have been fine with it, but we brought kids with us who had all kinds of questions afterward.All in all it was a great place and we would consider going back if the price is right.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CdnBeachGirl
<Content>Will go back!! Loved Ocean Blue!       Between the Villa's  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maryCincinnati
<Content>A Travel Agents Take Myself (I'm a Travel Agent), Husband,  9 yr old Daughter went to Ocean Blue w/ Apple Vacations on -1/28 - 02/03/07. We've been to 15+ A/I resorts over the yrs. Our impressions on a 1-10 rating:Rooms: 7. Quick check in, rms all jr suites, clean, good maid service, large balconies. Try to get Villa 5 or 6 facing pool. No elevators, standard rms do not offer rm service, rms have coffee makers/refrigerators w/ pop/beer, iron/ironing board, very low lighting (can't read in rm), basic cable, free in rm safe, rms are always damp, sheets always feel slightly damp, two mornings the hot  cold water was out and two evenings the hot water was out, water pressure low.Facilities: 8. Nicely laid out. Lots of walking, Trams come around occasionally, but don't depend on them. (My parents had to depend on the Trams and were not satisfied). The Spa, Bowling (one game free ,additional games $5 pp, must bring socks)/Game building, Lobby, Theater,  Disco were all nice/clean/convenient. Shows  Lobby entertainment fairly good. Casino small, grounds are clean w/ some vegetation. Because of it's age (only 3 yrs old) the palms around the pool area are small  the area is still mostly concrete/hard scape, not much lushness yet. Pools are large, but not the cleanest. Slick bottoms w/ some mold in one pool and lots of flooties in the other. Make sure you shower well and don't get pool water in your mouth.Service: 8. Maids are fantastic, speak minimal English, Restaurant servers are good, but slow. Bartenders work hard and are short staffed hence they're not as friendly as they could be. Tips don't really give you better service. Sometimes the bartenders/servers are just overwhelmed. For the most part the service people try very hard and have great attitudes.Food:Buffets good for A/I (especially the main buffet) Rating 8Bucanero (extra fee) is a lobster restaurant on picnic tables on  the beach. Rating 8Rt. 66: Not so good. Food below par Rating 5Dominican: Very good. Rating 9 (try the goat).La Cana Grill: Very good. Rating 9Italian: Very slow, Food below par Rating 4Mexican: So so. Rating 7Mikes: Good, but the desserts look better than they taste. Rating 9A few other observations: the resort offers shampoo, but no hair conditioner. Had to buy in store. $5. Ran out of Sun screen- $12. We never saw birds except the Flamingos and one duck, no bugs, no bug bites, saw lots of cute little lizzards, Ignore the time share guys in the Blue/White shirts in front of the main buffet. Don't make eye contact and they'll bug off. Lastly, my daughter met a nice girl who had to be taken via ambulance to the local hospital for IV's because of sickness. We met another lady on the beach at the Ocean Blue who's husband was in the hospital for two days w/ IV's and on the plane coming home the lady behind me was also admitted into the hopsital for IV therapy (She was staying at a different resort). We enjoyed our stay and because the price is so reasonable and the service good I'd give this resort an overall 7.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>We-Love-The-Ocean
<Content>An Amazing Vacation My husband and I (both in our 30's) spent a week at Ocean Blue from January 8th to 15th and had a great time from the moment we arrived. We went with an open mind having chosen this resort based on the reviews it received here at trip advisor. Althought this was my first trip to Punta Cana, I have travelled to several other hot vacation spots. This is my review:ARRIVAL and ROOM: We arrived at reception at 3:30pm and were treated to a refreshing beverage and a cold face cloth. We were promptly taken to our room in Villa 7. We chose not to upgrade to the elite program and our room was still a nice treat. We were on the ground floor had a lovely view of the courtyard. We had no problem with pressure or hot water and we showered at prime times. I used the jacuzzi tub every morning and loved it. I would rate our room a 4 star with the honeymoon and elite rooms as 5 star. For the cost to upgrade we were happy with our choice of the standard suite. We left a few dollars everyday for the maids and they showed their appreciation by stocking our fridge with extras and supplying lots of towels.FOOD: My husband and I both come from restaurant backgrounds and we were impressed with the quality and quantity of food. I am a selective eater and I found lots to choose from at the buffets and a la carte restaurants. We dined every morning at the main buffet, lunch we alternated between the two buffets (the main has a much larger selection) but the beach one is convenient. We dined twice at the Buffet, Mexican, and Carribean and once at the Italian. We were going to eat at the beach restaurant for the lobster dinner but we were so impressed with the transformation of the Carribean at night time we went back. It's true Mike's Coffe House is awesome, my husband tried many different coffee concoctions and I loved the smoothies. I found the dessert choices to be alright but I had my share a sweets from all the yummy beverages we consumed.SERVICE and ENTERTAINMENT: We found everyone to be friendly and the level of english spoken depended on where someone worked. Some of the entertainment employees spoke several languages. We enjoyed participating and spectacting in the events the occured poolside. Watch out for Crazy Games you sign up but you don't know what the challenge is. Lots of fun, especially after a few cocktails. We enjoyed embracing the language and mastered a few phrases by the end of our stay. Ramone at the main pool bar is Awesome and deserves every dollar you give him. We treated him well and were rewarded with his recognizable whistle and drinks poured before we ordered. All booze is top shelf which is rare for resorts and I saw budlight, heinkein and corona plus the standard presidente. The nightly shows were loud but entertaining and included The Lion King, Chicago and a Magic show. Don't expect broadway and you will enjoy yourself. Take advantage of the onsite photographer she takes beautiful pictures and they are well worth the $8 each.POOLS and BEACH: The Pools are huge but not very deep. The water can appear cool at first but is very refreshing on those hot days. There are plenty of chairs but not as many umbrellas so stake a shady spot earlier in the day if you need it. The Beach is amazing, exceptionally clean and feels like it goes forever. The water is cooler than other areas I've been to but I found it enjoyable and spent lots of time playing in the waves. Lots of beach and water activities to chose from and plenty of shady spots for rest if needed anytime of the day. The vendors on the beach are aggressive but barter pay 25% to 30% of asking price. Keep your money in small ammounts in several pockets if available it helps with negotiating when you pull out money and say you have no more. Most places have the same stuff so if you plan to buy lots it works in your favor to buy it from one person.This is just our opinion but we thought the the resort was beautifully layed out and we enjoyed our walk from end to end. We never felt the need to use the tram and were surprised when others waited for it. Bring lots of little bills to show your appreciation for those who earn substantially less than we do. It says that gratuities are included but everyone who received money from us never once asked or expected but they sure appreciated it. Thanks for taking the time to read my thoughts...We-Love-The-Ocean  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>volcanojerry
<Content>beautiful beach but happy to be home We stayed at the Ocean Property Jan 25- Feb 1 2007. I now know that the Ocean Blue and the Ocean Sands are just across the pool from each other. We booked the Ocean Blue on the advice from our family physician, saying how great it was. The one problem was that we paid to be on tha Ocean Blue side which I believe is more expensive than the Sands side, we were placed on the Sands side, not to mention that we paid adult price for our two children that were with us so that we could have two connecting rooms. Upon arival which was very late on the Thursday night the man at reception gave me a bit of a hard time telling me that he was 85% sure that our rooms were connecting, if they weren't that was my problem as the hotel was 100 rooms overbooked. So either my 9 and 10 year old daughters were to sleep in a room alone or we just paid for an extra room. We get to the rooms and thy were connecting. Okay, fine , but they were gross. The furniture had gouges, the walls were banged up, very dim lighting. The best part was the bathroom. The caulking around the tub was all dried and cracked and no lie there were cockroaches crawling in and out of the cracks. They were also literally crawling out of the woodwork around the doorframe of the bathroom. All Sizes. so I dealt with it leaving the bathroom light on so they would not come out. Friday was fine, but on Saturday morning my husband woke up with intense stomach pain. We had taken all precautions as we were traveling with our children. Dukoral for trevelers diarhea and twinrix. My husband who never goes to the doctor went and was sent by ambulance to the hospital for 24 hours, it was his birthday that day. The doctor gave me a number to call the hospital and told me to go to guest services to have them call for me. The woman told me that I could have made the call from my own room , no sympathy at all, reluctantly she made the call for me. My husband returned to the resort the next day, still not feeling well and with another person from our resort. When they were leaving the hospital another woman from our resort was going in. Needless to say my husband did not start feeling well until the day before we were to go home. Just about when we found out that we were staying on the Sands side not the Blue which is what we had paid for about a $600.00 difference. I had the opportunity to see the inside of a Blue room as a courtesy room to shower in before we left. We had a late flight and checkout was at 12:00. They were only going to give a family of 4 1/2 hour to do so but because my husband argued that we had booked to rooms and paid for them we got an hour, after my husband tipped the guy $10.00. This was the only time tipping got us anywhere. I have been to many places and we are big tippers but at this resort it didn,t seem to matter. the odd person actually appreciated it. I was shocked because on the reviews I have read they say how much they appreciate tipping. Not true for us. we were never loud or demanding we just waited for our service that never came. Many mornings I went without a cup of coffee or napkins on the table for my family. The worst part was the night we were leaving . We were picked up promptly at 6:45 by our bus. There were about 12 passengers on the bus. The roads are very bad in Punta Cana and at night they are pitch black. We were on a small bus with a driver and a rep. who were both very nice. My husband sat in the back row, I sat across the row in a single seat from my daughters who were side by side. About halfway through our ride I was watching through the front window of the bus and I thought I saw the outline of an animal in the road but it was so dark, So I kept warching and thought the bus driver would slow down, he never did, an oncoming bus flashed his lights and still nothing, finally my husband screamed from the back of the bus just as we came upon a huge animal that was either an ox or a bull, The driver swerved to the right and there was a big bang , then he swerved to the left where we ran off the road and apparently, the driver actually fell out of the seat and was no longer in control of the bus. The rep. somehow managed to gain control of the bus but we were still swerving and tipping from side to side onto 2 wheels each time. God only knows how the bus did not flip. At this point I had already flown onto my daughters and tried to fasten myslf as a human seatbelt. I f we had flipped I could not have held them down. We would have been killed, the thought of what actually could have happened makes me feel ill. It's very hard to imagine if you were not there. Because of these things we will never return to Punta Cana or any other destination in the Dominican Republic. It's too bad because the weather was amazing , the beach was one of the most beautiful that we have ever seen and the grounds of the hotel excluding our room were spotless. Mexico and many of the other islands are so far ahead of the Dominican Republic. I also forgot to mention that during our stay hotel employees in uniform walked into other guests rooms at odd hours when guests were not expecting them. Reception denied it. Pretty scary after what has happened in Mexico and other places. There are no chains for your door either.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Justmee
<Content>Had a Great Time! We just got back from staying at Ocean Blue in Punta Cana and we had a great time. It is a very beautiful and clean resort, staff very friendly, Apple Rep. was very friendly and helpful. The food was great. Neither of us got sick, as I feared from reading other reviews. I took hints from other reviews and we were prepared for lots of tipping, which was fine, the people appreciate it very much and then give you great service. We did the Outback Safari excursion, even thought it is very touristy we had alot of fun! The only negative thing I would say is the room was a little musty, damp feeling, even with the air on. It is very humid there, so I guess that is a problem. But after a couple of days we got used to it I guess, didn't seem to notice it as much. I would definately go back here!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jewelmeister
<Content>Great place We stayed at the Ocean Blue January 12-18. Overall a great place.No wait to check-in. However, we were supposed to have a room with two queen beds and a sofa bed, and they had put us in a room with one king and a sofa bed--not ideal for 3 women! But they didn't have another room to offer us that day, but said we could switch the next day. The king bed was huge, and we didn't feel like packing and unpacking again, so we just stayed in the original room and took turns on the sofa bed. The king canopy bed was huge.We had upgraded to the Elite Club, so we were in Villa 6, closest to the beach. We were on the third floor. Never heard any noise from other rooms, though sometimes smoke from smoking rooms came through into our bathroom.We were three women friends celebrating a 50th birthday. We didn't really meet a lot of people to hang out with, as it was mostly couples and families with kids (and a lot of people didn't speak English) but that was okay.Grounds are very nice, and everything is kept immaculately clean.It was very windy the whole time we were there, so much so that we couldn't take advantage of any of the watersports included (kayaking, snorkeling catamaran, etc), so that was disappointing. Couldn't get a straight answer as to whether it's always like that or just a fluke. I think it rained a bit all but one day, usually just when we had gotten situation on the beach, but you just take cover in the bar for a while till the rain passes! Nice an sunny the rest of the time. The beach is very nice and the water is beautiful. If you got there by 8:30 or 9:00 there was no trouble getting chairs where you wanted.Food was quite good, better than I've had elsewhere in the Caribbean (though breads and desserts never tasted as good as they looked).We liked the La Cana (Caribbean) and Dominican restaurants the best. Mexican was okay. The Italian not very good--the antipasti buffet was great, but the entrees were pretty bad (I guess we shouldn't expect good Italian food in the D.R.).Didn't eat at Route 66. If you eat at the Bucanero (seafood restaurant on the beach) be aware that there's not choice in the menu, and it's all fish (though the waiter did let our seafood hater order from the La Cana restaurant, which is right there). We preferred to stay down at the beach end of the resort for lunch, and they did have a continental breakfast buffet later in the morning.ENTERTAINMENT The casino is tiny and smelly. Sax player in the lobby is very good and that's a nice place to go after dinner. We caught a bit of one of the nightly shows, so-so. There is a small disco, which didn't seem to have anyone in it when we checked (around 9 or 10 o'clock) perhaps it got going later, but after all that all-day all-inclusive drinking and a big dinner, we weren't staying up that late. If you're looking for a big nightlife scene, this is probably not the place for you.The staff were all very nice and spoke varying degrees of English.For our return, we got to he airport almost 3 hours ahead of time as instructed, there were no lines at all, we could have spent another couple hours on the beach! This was on a Thursday afternoon.Just a couple of negatives, which have been mentioned previously:- The rooms are very dark, don't think I've ever been in such a dark room.Evenn though there are several lights they provide very little light. You might want to bring a couple higher watt lightbulbs as suggested by others.- The very loud music/announcements/'entertainment' that go on for several hours a day at the pool and beach bar. Music is obnoxious and so loud,that to escape it you have to go to the very far end of the beach, so we didn't hang out at the pool at all. I never saw more than 5 or 10 people participating in any of the games etc, so why bother the hundreds of other people with this barrage of bad sound. Or just turn down the volume!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lin7604
<Content>almost as good as others say......          lobby entrance  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reneewink
<Content>best ever vacation with my husband We traveled to the DR from Philadelphia, for 8 days. Left on a day with light snow, returned to the same weather conditions, so the trip was a bonus from the time of our 3:15 a.m. car service pickup.We found everything here topnotch. We got an unexpected room upgrade (maybe because we've used Apple Vacations frequently in the past). We were at the resort around 11:30 a.m. and in our room by 2 p.m. It was a first-floor unit, which was very convenient, in the #6 Villa. The building units are three levels.There are no elevators. (Yet two guys complained unpleasantly that they wanted a second-floor room although one of them sometimes used a wheelchair. Go figure!) The 6 Villa (and the 7) are closest to the pool and beach, farthest from the main square of the resort. We frequently used the shuttle, or tram, because of my husband's knee issues. He said the walkway was just uneven enough to cause some twisting. I would have chosen to walk it each time. The room was spotless. We had plenty of hot water and water pressure. The maid left extra coffee packs and packets of dry creamer, each day, as well as stuffing the refrig with water, beer, and diet pepsi. I snagged a few cans of Clamato juice at the breakfast buffet to add to the stash.The lighting in the room was dim. I brought a 100-watt bulb with me, but it only brightened up one corner. Luckily after the first day I had enough tan that I bypassed makeup at night.We were surprised at the number of older visitors here. I think there were more people over 60 than under 30! Most were good sports and the staff was very accomodating to those few with movement (wheelchairs, crutches). Americans were definitely in the minority among the guests. Lots of people from Germany and Canada, a group from Croatia, and 250 Greek-Americans attending a meeting of restaurant owners. The Greeks were loud and not very sociable outside themselves, but there was plenty of room to go where they weren't. They took over beach activities, setting their own rules for beach bocce, for example, which was fine with us, until they told us we couldn't play with them! (Hey, I can talk to Greek restaurant owners, and do, every Saturday morning at our neighborhood restaurant). We just played a game or two with other people later in the day.Food was great, hot, and plentiful. Some of the best fish I've every had. The beef was not what I'm used to at home, but the lamb and pork more than made up for it. The Italian buffet was on our last night and we were stuffed by then, so just had some salad. DR chefs should avoid trying to replicate Mediterranean cuisine.One treat was the Saturday night open-kitchen presented by the staff, where foods were set out inside the kitchen work stations. They do it the last Saturday of each month, and we were glad it was during our week. I love to look in people's kitchens, whether in their homes or businesses so this was super. Very clean. I think they steam-cleaned the white ceramic walls -- but we got lost on the way back to our table.As for drinks -- I always tell my physician I drink moderately, but knew in my heart that wasn't true. Well, if drinking were baseball -- most of the people here were in the Big Leagues and I was still on the T-ball field. I have never, ever, seen people drink so much, for so long. And not just the young adults and not just the men. No one got ugly, however.The pool bar closest to the beach was busy from 10 a.m. until 7 p.m. It was fun to sit there from 3:30 p.m. or so because the staff led games and dance lessons there, so it was busy. The beach bar also was a good spot. The lobby bar, as someone else noted, was very pleasant both before dinner and afterwards, when there was a vocalist or sax player backed up with a keyboard player.There were a handful of children about and almost every one of them was tightly supervised by a parent or two when they weren't taking advantage of the kids' club by the beach.A few young girls, maybe 11 to 13, seemed to be having a ball, pretending it seemed that they were 16 and reading teen mags. I think it would be a dreadful place for boys from 9th to 11th grade. No real teen activity and the bartenders do check id bracelets which are specially marked for those under 18. For the ladies -- remember the European influence. This is the place to wear your slip dresses or gauzy skirts to dinner. Don't even think about going to lunch in the main buffet without a dry bottom and an appropriate coverup.The time-share guys were at one of the entrances to the buffet and outside one of the villas, but they never bothered us. They obviously have some kind of agreement with the hotel management or they wouldn't be there.Other than a half-dozen flamingos, an egret and one duck, there seemed to be no wildlife at this resort (there are roosters on the golf course -- didn't quite get the story on that). Spotted an ant or two on the floor in the bedroom , but only if one of us had dropped something edible, like a lime.They don't do that nutsy towel-card thing here. Plenty of towels. And pleny of loungers to stake out unless you don't get moving until 10 a.m. or so. And then, lots of space on the beach.Check out some of the photos from other guests.Oh, the reference to best vacation with my husband? He hates to travel. I prefer to go with girlfriends, get up at dawn, kill myself with sightseeing, have a late dinner. But, sometimes, you gotta be nice. Feel free to email any questions, just put a refer to Ocean Blue in the header. reneewink@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VirginiaBeerSnob
<Content>For Relaxation at a Bargain Price Book a vacation at Ocean Blue if you want to get away from cold weather and just relax for a few days. The weather is perfect in January, about 75 to 80 degrees F with a nice, gentle breeze. The pools and the beach are terrific. You cannot go anywhere on the property without being near a bar, and the liquor is top shelf. The food is great. The people who work there seem genuinely interested in your happiness. We came home yesterday, and I want to go back.Some suggestions to make the stay better:1. Avoid the salespeople from Royal, who say they are not selling timeshares (but they really are.) Be firm with them and tell them No!2. As an American, I would not take children. Too many topless women around, especially on the beach. 3. If something isn't perfect, roll with it. There is too much good to dwell on the bad. For example, our room had two queen-size beds instead of the king we had asked for. I called the front desk about it and got nowhere. So my wife and I slept in a queen instead of a king. Big sacrifice. But the weather, the pool, the music, the free-flowing liquor, the opportunity to meet people from all over the world, the food ... I could go on almost indefinitely ... more than made up for the little problems.And the price is right.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wisconsincheeseheads
<Content>Very relaxing       stools at the swim up bar  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mastequila07
<Content>I Want To Go Back .....!! I really can't say enough about our 7 day vacation to Ocean Blue. I'll try to sum it up for you:Beach: Beautiful! White sands, clear water. A long beach with plenty of chairs. Our group of 10 never had a problem claiming chairs throughout the day at the beach. Water was great to swim in but was very windy during our visit. Vendors along the beach can be pushy but what do you expect. Hotel: This resort is only about 2 years old so things are pristine! Lots of landscaping staff throughout the day keeping things up. Always security around. Rooms were kind of small but very tidy but we never spent much time in them. The rooms on the ground level were prone to insects so ask for a 2nd or 3rd level room when booking. The spa is also great. We had very nice massages. The pool area was very clean and spacious. This area seemed almost busier than the beach area. Entertainment was good, maybe not great. The disco was hit and miss but the nightly theme shows were entertaining and ended around 10:30pm so you could still do your own thing after. The casino was not the typical glitz, the bowling alley was very fun and at check in they give you one free game of bowling.Food: Great variety! Food was very tasty at all locations. we found ourselves dining at the main buffet usually because if you can't find something there you like , then you're in trouble. The buffet by the beach was good but a lot less selection (try the hamburgers there) We only tried the American a la carte and it was great too! One evening, my wife and i waited an hour at the Italian restaurant before finally leaving. But seriuosly, compared to the buffet that we went at our resort in Mexico last year, we ate like kings. We loved the omelette bars, crepe bar, and stir fry bar. Don't miss the specialty coffees at Mike's coffee shop. The cheesecake is awesome!Service: Everyone was very friendly. Despite some other reveiws, I had not even seen these pushy time share people. All drinks were served to you, even at the buffet. The bartenders do not let your drink go empty, especially at the swim-up bars. For the small tip of a few american dollars, they never forgot about us the entire week. Also, they definately love Canadians there, so make sure you drop them a hint. With the exception of the girls at the spa, we never had a language barrier there at all, all staff that we spoke to spoke enough english to easily get by. I couldn't believe the smiles from the staff there. In conclusion, our trip was fantastic. This resort clearly never catered to one age or clietntele. Our group ranged from mid 20's to mid 50's and we all had a blast! The service and the beautiful beach were tops in my book.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>VacationTripper
<Content>Loved this vacation! Hated to come home :) My husband and I stayed at Ocean Blue to celebrate our 5th anniversay. We were originally thinking about staying at a Sandals in Jamaica because that is what we did for our honeymoon, but choose this resort in the DR becuase it looked really nice, it would be fun to try somethign new, there were many good reviews about it and it was considerably cheaper. We were not disappointed at all. We had a great vacation, the best we have ever had. This was the first vacation that we didn't miss a think about home and really didn't want to come back.  The food was pretty good overall, you really just have to pick and choose. Some was great and some wasn't good at all.  We didn't have any problems with beach or room towel as some other reviewers noted. We did try to get out early (about 8:00) and reserve seats under a cabana, otherwise you may be stuck in the sun at the beach all day.  We took the trip to Catalina Island. The snokeling was okay and the horseback riding was okay but short. There was more driving than the tour rep. told us about, but it was nice to get to see other parts of the country and go through some of the towns. It did end up being a rather long day though.  Here are some of the highs/lows of our trip. I'll list the low's first just to get them out of the way.Low's:1.) The hot tub at the pool wasn't hot at all and there were always a bunch of children jumping and splashing in it.2.) The lighting in our room was really diim. They have some kind of fluorescent bulbs that give off really weird light and were dim. There was a bedside lamp and a overhead lamp and between the two they didn't give off enough light to read at night.3.) The food at the Margarita and Rte. 66 restauarants. Neither of us liked what we got.4.) Our room was nothing to talk about, could have used a little touch up paint on some of the walls.5.) We requested a non-smoking room and there was a ashtray in the room. The front desk said it was supposed to be a non-smoking room but people just smoked anyway. We just tore both of the comforters off of the beds (they did really smell like smoke) stuffed them in a corner and burned a candle when we were in our room. We didn't think of it at all then.6.) There seemed to be a shortage of hot water sometimes. There was a few times when taking a shower it would go luke-warm for a few seconds before coming back hot. There was one time it didn't seem like it was hot at all.7.) I read complaints about the alchohol selection and the casino. My husband and I don't drink so the liquor wasn't a problem for us, it may be a valid concern for drinkers though. The casino IS very dinky...but again we weren't going there to go to the casino so it didn't present a problem for us.8.) The way the grounds are laid out does present a decent amount of walking if you want to go to the lobby from the beach. They do have a trolley that is always running if you don't mind waiting a few minutes. The trolley only holds about 14 people, but 99% of the time there was always room for us. There was only one time we waited on the trolley and it filled up and we ended up walking anyway.Okay, here are some of the high's:1.) The front desk, lobby and grounds are georgous.2.) There are bars just about everywhere, you never have to walk far for a drink.3.) The ocean is beautiful and warm. There are some little waves you can bop in, and because of that the first few feet of the ocean are a little cloudy from the sand being disturbed. Go out to your waist and it is just about completely clear.4.) Mike's coffee. The cheese cake is very good.5.) The domican restaurant was actually very good.6.) The airport is so pretty. You've never seen a airport like this. Seriously, I had to take pictures.7.) The live music in the lobby everynight. There is nothing like sitting on a couch with the breeze going by ever so slightly ruffling the palm tree leaves, with a coffee or drink of your choice listing to a sax player wailing away. 8.) The french toast, omelets and orange juice in the main buffet for breakfast. The rotisserie chicken and brick oven pizza at the beach buffet for lunch. The stir-fry at the main buffet for dinner.9.) The people were all very friendly. We didn't have any different service if we tipped or not, and the fact that we aren't fluent in Spanish didn't effect service either.10.) They don't advertise it (it isn't by Ocean Blue), but there is a photo shop at the resort (between the internet cafe and the mini mart store). You can go in there and hire a professional photographer to do a session with you. They take pictures for 1 hour, and there is a (15) picture limit that you must buy. The pictures are $8.00 if you get them printed or $5.00 if you get them on disk. They had really cool pictures hanging up as examples so we decided to give it a try. They take you all around the resort and take pictures, by the lake, by the gardens, in the courtyard, under a cabana and lastly in the beach. We were so nervous to see the pictures becuase the sun was beating down on us while they were being taken and we were so afraid we would be squinting in all of the pictures. No reason to worry however, becuase we got some beautiful pictures. We ended up buying (46) pictures because we had so many good ones. There are couple shots and shots of us individually. They look more like advertising pictures then just snapshots. We are so happy with them. Worth every penny.11.) There was pleny of nightly entertainment. There was a show every night (they were okay, some better than others, the Lion King was pretty good even though they lip-sync), a disco, live music in the lobby, karaoke, the casino, a bowling alley (first game is free, after that it is extra), pool tables, ping-pong table, we never got bored.12.) The animation team was always getting stuff together, darts tournaments, booche ball tournaments, pool arobics, beach games (beach games were mostly dumb, I think you have to be half-drunk to appreciate them) and beach volleyball. While not the most serious games of volleyball I have ever played, certainly the most interesting. We would play with people from all over. A canadian guy who didn't speak english, some guy who was trying to tell me where my position was in another language, another guy who spoke english with a very heavy accent who tried to cover the whole court all by himself and other random people who would float in in the middle of of a game and loudly declare that the score was 0 and we are now playing the old way and not rally score. Since they all did this with a heavy accent we just found it very amusing and laughed and went along with it. After all, it is just vacation anyway right ? :)Overall, we had a great time. I would recommend this place to anyone. Hope this helps you decide :)P.S. In the DR they don't think anything of topless sunbathing, and we saw much more of it than we ever wanted to.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EATKAT
<Content>So Disappointed!!!!!!!! Just got back yesterday from a 3 night stay and my husband and I are just appalled at the horrible experience. Although it was only 3 days we spent almost $1,500.00 in hopes of having a nice winter break. We have travelled quite a bit over the years and this was truly the most disappointing so far. Thank goodness we didn't stay longer. Things we liked:1 The airport is really what you expect it to look like in the islands.2 The weather is amazing for January.3 The pools were very pretty, but we questioned whether there was chlorine. The tile is blue so it looks like there is chlorine, but when put in a cup it was clear.4 We loved that there are no high rise buildings.5 The sprawling grounds were very pretty, but we expected more in the landscaping and wild life.6 The beach was fantastic. We spent most of the time just walking.The things we didn't like far outweigh the good. (This may seem like a lot of little things, but all put together made it so unfortunate)1 Since it was only a 3 day trip we were excited to arrive very early on Friday. After arriving at the airport they put us on a large bus and stopped at several hotels before we arrived at the Ocean Blue. We were the last stop made even though we had the shortest stay. The Apple rep assured me they would give us an early check in upon arrival at 1:00 PM. That didn't happen. We arrived with several other couples and they all got their rooms right away. We waited until almost 5:00 PM. Every time we checked back the line was very long and slow. After getting our turn they would tell us in very broken English the guests will not check out, so the room wasn't available yet. I didn't think as a guest that was my problem. After the last stop we told them to get us another room, so they finally did what we asked. We got a different room and were now checked in. If we had known this was going to happen we would have been prepared to have our bathing suits or shorts available. We sat in the lobby in our jeans and long sleeve shirts for hours (after all it is 32 derees in Pittsburgh, we weren't dressed for the tropics.)2 Once in our room we were disappointed because we faced the outside of the resort with no view what so ever ( no beach, no garden, no pool, no courtyard). What we did get was a large smelly dumpster to look at.3 After taking a cold shower (no hot water) I discovered our hairdryer in the room did not work. I had to go to dinner with a wet head. I couldn't wait to get dressed up, so this was upsetting. We had to call 3 times before they replaced the hairdryer while we finally went to dinner. I had no choice because it was now 9:30 and the restaurants close at 10:00.4 Our alarm clock didn't work so we called for a wake up call the following morning. We never got the call.5 Our refrigerator did not work and 2 bottles had been opened and half empty upon arrival. Gross!!!6 Dinner was terrible at Margarita's on the first night. The only thing worse than the food at the resort was the lack of service.We stood in line for over ten minutes before a hostess would even ackowledge us. Once she finally did we had a 20 minute wait. I couldn't understand because there were many open tables. I was afraid we wouldn't get served because it was getting late. After being seated we waited awhile before we had a server. The food was old and not what we ordered. The quality was very poor.7 We ate at the buffet the rest of the time, but that too was less than average. The cold items looked like they had gone bad and the hot items were very old. We didn't starve, but it was pretty terrible.8 What was more upsetting is hearing from different people that this was the premier hotel. If this was a 5 apple it sure fooled us.9 Apple tours had us picked up at 8:30 AM to leave even though our flight was at 1:00. Some travellers were late getting to the bus so we didn't depart until 9:00 AM. Then we stopped at 2 more hotels before leaving for the airport. Once at the airport we had a very long wait until departure so that was also a bummer. We got up so early just to wait . 10 The language barrier is also frustrating. I completely understand we are in THEIR Spanish speaking country, but don't tell me the resort has bilingual employees. If they were their we didn't meet any for sure. Everything was Si Senor or Senora, but then they would walk away with your request unfulfilled. 11 We are accustomed to all inclusives and know tipping goes along way. We tipped everyone we spoke to and it did not help us get better service in any way.12 The employees were completely relentless with their harassment. I didn't want to shop or buy a time share, but we must have been approached a dozen times or more which got heated a couple of times (by them not us) because no was not an option. One employee got very nasty with us and wouldn't let us just walk away. On top of it I wasn't even sure what they were asking because of the language barrier. We didn't have time to figure all of that out. I would have liked to use the spa, but their pushy behavior made me change my mind. 13 We would have liked to golf, but couldn't find anyone to ask about it. There just isn't any well explained activities. They really should put everything in writing so you know what to expect.14 The brochure said they offered bicycles, but when we tried to ask they said no there weren't any.15 We asked if we could take dance lessons and again they said they didn't offer any. Why do the websites and brochures offer these activities?16 The time sheets they do provide don't apply. For example the bowling alley said it opened at 10:00 AM. It actually opened at 3:00 PM. There were many discrepancies with the times.17 We tried to order room service just to be told by the person who answered to call housekeeping. We tried a second time to be told we didn't get room service with no explanation. He told us to go to the mini mart.18 We did lose our sun screen which was our own fault but couldn't get anyone to understand that we were looking for the lost and found. Guest Services sent us to the Front Desk. The Front Desk sent us to the Pool Bar. The Pool Bar told us to go to Guest Services. We gave up.19 After this run around we went to the mini mart to buy some. No big deal except they don't have change, they told us to buy something else to make it 20 dollars exactly! Don't expect change.20 We also tried to exchange US dollars for Pesos at the front desk. They said they had no small bills to exchange. Make sure you take small bills so you can tip throughout your stay. There were times I had to leave 5 dollar bills as a tip when a dollar or two were adequate.21 The casino was a joke! At least a 3rd of the machines were turned off or broken. The casino was so small to begin with!Oh well you live and learn. We sure did. We spent a lot of money for some sunshine and sand. Best of Luck on your vacation! Hope it is much better for you!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>mike229
<Content>Exceptional All Inclusive My wife, 3 year old twins and I just spent a week at Ocean Blue which I booked at literally the last minute. I knew nothing of the resort or of Punta Cana other than what I have read on this site. We were pleasantly suprised on how exceptional the resort was. Everyone was very friendly and accomodating. Yes, many of the employees do not speak English. You are in the Dominican Republic, what else would you expect. I thought the food was very good for an all inclusive. The buffets changed daily and the different restaurants were very good. We had the Elite club package so the Steak House was included and it was Excellent. Rooms were clean and we never had a hot water issue. Shower did leak however. Reccomendation on filling up the tub...use both tub and shower nozzles to fill it up. Which leads me to the one negative i have. None of the hot tubs are heated. they are as cold as the pools which are brisk. If you want a hot tub your only choice is your room. Great kiddie pool. Plenty of chairs at pool and beach each day. Horse back riding was very good even for 3 year olds. Sailing with captain was very nice and fast. there is PLENTY of wind every day. Room Service was fast. Karoke night was a lot of fun. Massages were good. All in All this was a great place and we would go back again.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Appletom
<Content>Really Nice               More photos  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>calvin1Caledon
<Content>Had a great stay We went to this resort Jan 6 2007. We found everyone very friendly and helpful. Our room was large and clean. The resort was on a narrow strip of land. Alot of walking but they did have a shuttle. The beach was clean and water was clear. We found the food was quite good. Lobster on the beach was great.(extra charge but was worth it) They also had a great coffee house.We were a little disapointed with the water sports. There is no jet skiing any more in the Dominican. We were told there had been a bad accident. The only real bad part of the trip was the consistant harrasment of time share sellers. Each morning outside the buffet restaurant they would be waiting. They wouldn't take no for an answer. We found we had to be rude to get away and found ourselves trying to figure out was to dodge them. Otherwise a nice resort.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	3	5	4	4	

<Author>bainsworth
<Content>Better than the comments I read            
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>CaribCpl
<Content>Excellent Vacation Destination We have just returned from a 10 day stay at the Ocean Blue Resort in Punta Cana and were really amazed at the great looking resort, excellent food and very friendly staff. There were 2 adults and 2 teenagers in our group and this was our 3rd trip to Punta Cana.The one complaint that I read over and over on TripAdvisor about this resort was the annoying time share people. Actually, they are very easy to avoid and are only present for a few hours in the morning. The buffet was great. The food and selection very good, however, its probably only half the size of the buffet found next door where we stayed last year (Iberostar). Dont let this be the thing that makes you decide not to choose this resort. On the contrary, the buffet was so good we didnt bother going to the other restaurants our entire stay. The weather must be very hard to predict in the Caribbean. A week before we left for the trip, I was checking the weather forecast every day and it predicted rain for the entire time. In reality, it only rained a few times and only for a few minutes. There was plenty of sunshine and we never had a problem finding a place to lay on the beach. Now for the few negatives. It seemed as if the other parents were using the disco and bowling alley as a 'de facto' baby sitting service. Too many young, unruly kids at these places often times made it unenjoyable to be in. Another pet peeve of mine is littering. The staff does a really great job of cleaning up the premises every morning. Still, people would throw trash/cigarettes on the ground often within a few feet of a trash bin. The rooms are very beautiful and comfortable. However, the design of the buildings (open court yard in each building) kind of gives it the 'echo' effect. No matter what room you stay in, you always hear doors slamming and people talking in the hallway (most often at 3 or 4 am). But who goes to a resort to sleep anyway.There is so little difference between this 4 star resort and a 5 star resort. It was a great vacation for the price and would definitely recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elkton
<Content>Perfect! - MD, USA My fiance and I stayed here in September 2006. This was our 2nd trip to Punta Cana, our 1st to Ocean Blue. It was awesome. It was about 30% full. So no wait for anything. Could always get an umbrella at the pool and beach. The staff was very friendly. The a la cart restaurants were great! I think we ate at the Mexican place 3 times. The buffets are the same thing each day, some variation, but not much. So I would recommend the a la cart places for dinner. There were 2 that had a fee, we didn't even bother as we were happy with Mexican  Italian places. I would definitely go back!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>yanchik
<Content>Don't stay here !!! The door from the TV furniture felt on my sister leg. The associate manager said it was our fault, and did not even send physician to check if everything is alright with her leg. Also the sink was leaking, and big cockroaches were in the room. After a long argument with them they changed the room, but it was only a little bet better. The cleaning was not good ether. At the end of the trip we looked under the bed, to check if we did not left anything, we found a used condom.Also it was almost no entertainments for kids.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	2	2	3	

<Author>Coonstar
<Content>Gong Show I'll start by telling you about myself and my boyfriend so you know where our opinion is coming from on this resort. You can read 50 'reviews' before you visit like we did and be completely blindsided on what to expect. That's all that tripadvisor is everyone, opinions of people. The true description is only as reliable as the source. So if you are in any way like us, you will NOT want to go to this resort.I am 30 years old and my boyfriend is 39. I am a producer in NYC and he is a director. We like nice places, but are not 'Ritz' people. We came to relax on the beach, drink , eat, party and get a tan. We are realistic, however we do expect a level of service and ammenities promised as per the company description of the property. This is our experience:1.) Checked in and the room was totally awful location. We asked to move and they had us sit and wait in the lobby while they checked. 30 minutes later we went up and asked what the status was and they told us they had not checked becasue they didn't realize we wanted to move still. (I guess we just look like people who want to hang out in the reservation lobby?) After I begged for a new room, they asked us to come back in 4 hours and they would have a new one. We did. More denial. I insisted I speak to the same guy and he finally came out and served up our new room keys. They offered us a ride to the new room, only for the guy to make a quick stop to fix something else in someone's room first without us knowing. We were left outside in the dark for 20 minutes and finally decided to go back to front desk to get our keys because the other guy had ours.1.) The resort is NOT 24 hours as it is advertised. We could not find anything to eat when the resteraunts were not open. They close EXACTLY when they say they will and if you show up 10 minutes late, you will go hungry. 2.) There is NOT room service for the Elite club guests. I called several times and they gave me some excuse so again we gave up.3.) The staff at the resorts will actually scold you! We walked over to the buffett at lunch time and I was wearing a bikini top. I knew I would not be able to eat without a shirt, so I stood in the enterance waiting in my boyfriend to go and see what was there to eat. As I waited, the 'hostess' stood about an inch from my face and continiusly told me that I am not allowed to eat in my bathing suit and I told her I understood, but she went on and on while literally staring me up and down! I finally asked her if it was a problem to be standing there and she just looked at me so I told her I would wait outside since I seemed to be bothering her so much. Only then did her manager see what was going on and began to apologize but by then I was really put off and told them forget it, I'd rather stand outside and not be judged or hissed at by her staff. My boyfriend returned and asked what was going on and I told him, just at the same time some older woman in a hidious bathing suit came strolling out - talk about double standards.4.) We were told that the New Years special Buffet was open until 7-11pm, and all the a la carte resteraunts were closed except the Dominican resteraunt. We arrived at 10:10 to the buffet to avoid the dinner rush (we eat late - we live in New York!) We were told promptly there was nothing and neither resteraunt would take us. We were forced to eat at a make-shift food station in the sports bar, which was disusting. Chicken wings and sneezed on burgers (a teenager literally coughed right into the food while we stood there. What a great way to ring in the New Year. How special they made us felt.5.) The place is crawling with families. We knew the week we were going was going to be like that, but the reviews sounded like there were some couples there wanting to have a good time. There were more children than adults and this completely changed the vibe. Having to worry about what you say or do constantly becasue there are very small children around is no fun on vacation.6.) There is no music at the beach bar! I've never been to an all-inclusive resort that didn't have a party vibe around the beach bar. We were so looking forward to chilling and talking to other people while enjoying a few beers - forget it! In addition, it was really frustrating trying to order drinks or get a seat when there are tons of 6 year olds sitting on bar stools ordering virgin drinks and sodas. We felt there should be a rule that kids under 16 should not be at the bar hanging out. The resort should really have a kiddy bar for obvious reasons.7.) The disco's toilets exploded while we were in there one night. We didn't care to leave because we felt like pedophiles around all the teenager-love grinding.8.) The bars run out of top-shelf booze all the time. 8.) The pool is actually chilly and we didn't swim in it. There is a bubbling section which they call the 'Jacuzzi', but don't expect heat. Also 20 kids hanging out in there, very romantic for the adults.8.) Guest Services? How about Service Screw? The woman actually put her hand over her receiver while she asked what we wanted! We began to sit down and tell her she might want to wrap up her call because we needed help finding a resteraunt outside the hotel. What a joke. Not only were we served up more attitude because we missed New Years dinner (who wants to be given a lecture when you are already upset, hungry and were given wrong information by the resort!) She was also reluctant to help us becasue we did not have 'Elite' wristbands even though our room was an Elite club room. We told her we upgraded when we checked in when we were given a new room we knew nothing about getting a new wristband. She did not believe us and refused to help anymore. We walked out. We're NOT scappers!There are 2 ala cart resteraunts that charge a supplement. We wanted to eat in them, but after all the bs from the staff, we didn't want to offer a penny to this place. I have a real problem with these newer resorts that only offer good service and food if you are willing to pay more once you arrive. The a la carts we tired were about on par with a TGI Fridays. Same vibe. The Italian place actually forget to bring out our food and when we reminded them, I got a piece of salmon brought out that was so overcooked and reeking I actually gagged. They knew it was bad but did they care? Nope! Both my boyfriend and I are really easy going, fun people otherwise we would not be in the business we are in. We really have nothing to be angry about but something was out to make our trip miserable. Luckily we met a few fun people to party with - one couple were not feeling any pain but the other group of six actually saw what was going on at the Italian resteraunt and asked us to join their table and we all began to share our disbelif of the misrepresentation of this hotel.The choice is yours. If you like partying with young kids, no music, unhelpful staff (not everyone were, but the majority), regular scoldings, cheezey landscape design (think bad landed Carnival Cruise) and walking miles to get anywhere, this place is for you. If you prefer to relax, drink top-shelf drinks, less rules and a fun, vacation vibe, go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	1	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>BudlightRay
<Content>Awesome Resort We stayed Jan. 7th to Jan 14th and had a blast. We went down for a wedding and both the hotel staff and hotel guest were excellenta. I've been on pretty many vacations and this one wins. We will absolutly go back. If the staff reads this, hello to Rodriges, Lous, Ramon, Vladimir, and ofcourse Evelyn. You were all incredible. Thanks  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KC40
<Content>not as good as it seems This resort was beautiful, the pool was clean and the beach of course was amazing. The resort itself was very large and ran lenght-wise so there was a lot of walking, however a trolly was running most of the time. I would not recomend this resort for anyone travelling with children under the age of 10, although the kiddy pool was great, the mini disco was located in the actual disco unlike most other resorts so it smelled like stale liquor and cigarettes (not very suitable for kids). Every morning our 2 year old daughter woke up with several new bites on her which swelled to the size of nickles and on our fifth night we woke up to a cockroach in our room and a dead one outside our door, the reception gave us a difficult time about switching rooms but we insisted since we had our small children with us. It took them 5 hours to actually give us another room. When they did move us it was to an Elite club room and when we unpacked they called and said we had to move. We had to argue to stay (we had alreadying unpacked and our daughter was sleeping). The next day they did not extend us maid service. None of the shops on site took credit cards and the ATM machine was down most of the week. Overall the resort was fine but I would never stay there again and would never recommend it to anyone.The one great thing about this resort was the photo shop, they offered a hour with a photographer to do photos of you and your family, she was amazing, we actual got 50 usable photos.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	2	

<Author>stromy
<Content>Fantastic My family and I stayed here and it was fantastic!This is a very clean and well cared for resort.The staff was friendly{including maintenence which is not always the case at other places we've stayed} you recieved a friendly greeting every day.The beach was nice,the pools are huge and very clean.This is a very big resort and a lot of vacationers but we never felt crowded,it has a nice layout with enough restaurants and pool space,which makes it very comfortable.Tip your maid a couple of dollars a day you will have enough towels and a well stocked fridge.The bars are plentiful and great staff at them,there was always top shelf liquor at them if you requested it.Mikes coffee is a great coffee shop,the only down fall is it does not open til 10:00 am, would be nice if it opened earlier for those who are up.Believe me it is so nice here by 10 am your ready for a frozen cocktail,so a coffee shop at 7 or 8 am would be great.As far as the excursions go there are plenty of things to do,for those of you traveling Apple vacations,I would strongly suggest that you look into booking them elsewhere.Apple used a sales pitch on us to reserve them because they said that they{Apple} will cover you with insurance and the others won't.While this may be true I think it may have to do with them getting a cheap rate to benefit themselves.We booked an atv trip through them and it was a horrible experience as it took us 90 minutes to get to the trails on the back of a truck when it was supposed to take twenty min.Then we arrived to find out that the 4 wheelers we rode were beat up and three of them kept breaking down on the trails.When we returned the Apple reps gave us a discount but believe me it was'nt worth the headaches we went through.We also booked a safari tour through Apple which we did'nt even get to go on because of a scheduling error which they did not follow up on earlier that morning,so we sat in the lobby for almost 2 hours only to find out we could'nt go.When we approached Apple with this one we got no more than a we're sorry what do you want us to do?To make a long story short just do a little research before you book excursions.In closing I would just like to say that Ocean Blue is a very beautiful well kept resort that I would stay at again without hesitation.Good luck and happy vacationing!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>jmwarner2
<Content>New Years at Ocean Blue         
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>PJCollier
<Content>No Hable Espanol My wife and I spent a week at Ocean Blue this past June. The beach was nice, the weather was great, and the pool was fantastic (and I won $800 at the casino!). However, our biggest complaint was the service. Seemingly everywhere we went to eat we didn't feel welcome. Several mornings during breakfast we went without any drinks because the waiters/waitresses wouldn't serve us. However, we did notice that most of the Spanish-speaking guests were promptly served and taken care of. The same thing occurred at the bars in the pool. I would recommend anyone who plans on vacationing here to brush up on Spanish.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>kirstencoco12
<Content>LOVED IT!! NEW YORK!!         
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sassysister
<Content>If you like average, this resort is for you. We planned this trip because this resort had RAVE reviews on this site so we decided to write a review - we have been to many resorts and have high standards. This review gives you the straight goods on this all-inclusive.If you like average, this is the place to be. Nothing special or outstanding, just average - don't mean this in a bad way - its a solid chevrolet of all-inclusives. A small group of 30-40 somethings decided to stay at the Ocean Blue during New Years - luckily we all know how to have a good time and party - otherwise there is really not a whole lot to do at the resort.The beach is spectacular and well laid out. The beach is well groomed and the swimming is fantastic - no complaints - except for the lack of chairs - probably because it was the busiest time of the year. THE ROOMS: Average. Marble bathrooms - clean rooms. Our rooms was musty and all rooms are very dimly lit. Ladies - bring a makeup mirror with lights - you will need it. FOOD: average. I suggest you try La Brasa (down by the beach - the hidden gem) or La Casa - out of all of the restos on the compound, these two seem to be the best. Breakfast and lunches are lacking - lots of fattening and greasy food and lots of stuff I wouldn't eat in a million years. If you like to sample mystery foods, go for the buffet. The great thing is the coffee is stellar - there is a coffee shop on-site and open quite late however beware the desserts - everything tastes the same and although the pie may look like chocolate, it isn't. The lineup for the italian restaurant is crazy and so not worth the wait. This is the major downfall of this resort -same stuff day in, day out. STAFF: excellent. Hard working and do everything they can to accomodate your wishes. I would highly recommend tipping - the staff is FANTASTIC and friendly and very helpful.NIGHTLIFE: we didn't catch any shows however there are lots of places to cocktail at night - disco was lots of fun however very young. We liked to hang at the sports bar 'Overtime' - go bowling - great for a laugh. Casino was well run.GROUNDS: very clean and well manicured. Great huge pools and fabulous beach. Well laid out and easy to get around. SPA - FABULOUS. I've been to a lot of spas and I would rate this spa a 10 out of 10. I had the sea paste treatment and it was divine! The treatment was supposed to be 50 minutes and I was in for and hour and a half. The spa is gorgeous.BATHROOMS: (public) - clean- very clean and super modern. They spend so much time keeping the bathrooms clean down by the beach.Overall rating 6.5 out of 10. Could go back but variety is the spice of life. I would highly recommend traveling with friends - full of Europeans - Russian, French, Germans - very international clientele.Lastly, don't worry about the water here - not one person from our group was sick or ill - there is lots of bottled water to use for drinking, brushing teeth, etc. Bring lots of small bills and make sure you tip. A couple of bucks goes a long way and the Dominican's work very, very hard.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>featherbum
<Content>Would NEVER go back!!! I booked this holiday after reading so many good reviews in this website, and it was one expensive mistake to make!I guess maybe it depends on what you like on holidays, but when we go to the caribbean we like to relax. But this hotel was SO noisy, the hotel has large blocks with many rooms in each so you could hear people screaming all the time. There was a large party of people from Puerto Rico, and they would sit outide the rooms drinking, in the patio area, SCREAMING, at all hours, and i had to call security over 10 times during our stay.The rooms are NOT nice, they are ok, but not 4-5*, they do smell musty, and it was so humid and damp there was water streaming down the walls, i even fell over and hurt my neck it was so slippery.I also had a ring stolen from my room, i left it on the side and it just dissappeared, i went to customer relations and they asked the maid, who said she hadnt taken it, and that was that. So if you are brave enough to go to this resort, do NOT leave anything valuable in sight on the room.We changed room 3 times, after being told by the receptionist, that 'you europeans dont know how to have fun' when i complained about the noise.The resort it nice looking, but with the noise, the techno music blaring all day by the pool, the stolen ring etc we would NEVER go back. The service was NOT good either, specially by the receptionists.After going to Playa Pesquero in Cuba, which was AMAZING, we had better expectations, but they could not only not match them, they didnt even get close.Trust me, go somewhere else!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>vindad
<Content>Ocean Blue Sands Two Thumbs way up!!!       Christmas at the pool  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RDH77
<Content>Loved the Ocean Blue My extended family recently returned from a wonderful 5-night stay at the Ocean Blue over the peak Christmas period. There were 27 of us in total, ranging in age from 5 to 60, and we all had a great time. The best part of the resort was all of the activities to suit everyone's different tastes - bowling, tennis, wall climbing, water sports, archery, billiards, casino, etc. Every night after dinner, we all hung out in the cute downtown area at Mike's coffee shop and/or the sports bar, which were perfect. Karaoke at the sports bar was especially fun. We were also impressed with the large room sizes and cleanliness of the rooms and resort overall. In fact, the public restrooms in the lobby and buffet restaurants were gorgeous. The food was decent - about what you would expect at an all-inclusive resort. And, it was nice to be able to eat at the a-la-carte restaurants as often as we wanted. The a-la-carte restaurants do not take reservations, but we never had problems getting tables for our large group, even over the busy Christmas season. The Italian and Mexican restaurants were our favorites. Some members of our group ate at the wine bar/steak restaurant for an additional fee and enjoyed it. The beach was beautiful with soft white sand. There were always enough seats at the pool (even though we did NOT wake up early to reserve them.) At the beach, it sometimes took awhile to get enough chairs, but it always worked out. We would definitely recommend staying near the pool and beach in villas 5 or 6. We also highly recommend the 2-hour 007 speedboat tour that you can book for an additional fee through the watersport desk at the beach - they take you to a great waterslide. We only had a few minor complaints, most of which have already been mentioned by previous posters on this site: (1) There is not enough shade on the beach - there are a few covered cabanas that get taken early and not much other shade; (2) There was often a shortage of beach towels at peak hours; however, we told a manager about this problem and it was quickly resolved. In fact, we found that most of our minor problems were easily solved by contacting a manager and/or giving small tips; (3) Water pressure in the showers is low between 4-6 PM; at all other times, it is fine; (4) The rooms are very dark due to few lamps/overhead lights. Some of us asked for extra lamps, which we got; (5) The blue chairs by the pool and beach are hard and uncomfortable. Some of them by the pool have comfortable cushions, but very few. The yellow chairs are better, but not great; (6) The entertainment by the beach/pool and the shows at night could be better, though they do try hard. The shows at the resort where we stayed last year were better, but there were more than enough other night-time activites at the Ocean Blue to keep us occupied. Overall, we had a fantastic time and would definitely return. We highly recommend this resort!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>GuyPolen
<Content>Amazing Hotel It was our first visit in Dom.Rep. We are from Belgium (Europe) and hower it was quiet long (around 10 hours) to fly, it was for sure a great pleasure to be in this hotel. (week of the 18th of December)When you read the previous reviews, I have nothing to add to the positive remarks: everything near perfect.I have only 2 small remarks:- there are not so much parasols around the pools. (but they are working on it)- the sellers from 'royal holiday' was somethimes a little bit annoying, but with a simple 'we are not interested', they stop to talk.Important for European visitors: if you want to use some electricity in your room, don't forget to bring your adapter (110 volt)  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>HappyTHB
<Content>Happy Merry Christmas Just returned from Ocean Blue Resort Dec 23-30-06 with my husband - late forties. Great resort. Had a wonderful time. Many restaurants to choose from, activities to take part in, sun to bask in. The rooms are large and very easy to locate. People were wonderful. The only complaint we had was that we had to return home. Westjet was a great carrier as there was plenty of leg room. We would truly recommend this two year old resort.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MicheleTA
<Content>Can't wait to go back Ocean Blue Golf and Beach resortDate: Dec. 23, 06 to Dec. 30, 06Reviewer: Michele from Chicago IL.Just got back from a week vacation at the ocean blue. Probably has to be the best trip ever so far. I went with my husband and 2 boys. The hotel is beautiful and staff especially friendly. The rooms are very dark but didn't bother us one bit. The shows are awesome. Food very good but did not enjoy the Margarita rest.The buffet was the best with a very big selection. There is alot to do the the children. Remember if shopping for sovieners, please bargin on the beach. They can be very pushy and do not pay for more than half of what they are asking for. Just walk away and say too much money and they will chase you back!Not all cell phones work there so be sure to call your provider before you go, you dont want to make calls to loved ones at almost $4.00 a minute. Check-in was very smooth and offer you a cold towl and a tasty drink. Be patient with them, they do really try to communicate with you. The more you tip the better the service even without a tip they still treat you good. The weather was partly cloudy most of the days and rained at night for about 45 minutes or so. The highs were about 82-86 degrees absolutely beautiful. Don't forget sunscreen you will burn. The photographer on the premises walk around with different animals and take many pictures of you on the beach or pool side, $8.00 ea. but worth every penny. Tropical birds, reptiles,  monkeys. Very hard to pass up, I bought every one except the huge white and yellow snake. No thank you.All in all if your planning on staying here be prepared for the best time ever you will not be disappointed. Any questions please feel free to e-mail me and I'll try to answer any questions you have.Michele shellybelle@comcast.net  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dimuths
<Content>Amazing stay at Ocean Blue!!!! We (20's and 30's age group) stayed at the Ocean Blue for 5 nights during the 2nd week of December. I cannot express in words how content we were of our vacation. After months of research we decided on OB and it worked out beyond belief. We got the exact type of room we wanted without any problems; villa 5 (central location), 3rd floor, facing the pool and king size bed. Check in took all but 2-3 minutes and we were in our rooms within 10 minutes of arrival. Room was ready and did NOT smell musty. The beach was endless and the ocean water very comfortable even in the evenings. There are no persons hassling you during your beach stroll.There are 8-9 places to eat. Dominican rest. was our favorite, we did try the Mexican and Italian as well. Each time we decided to order our favorite 3 dishes even though we were 2 persons. I love doing this and each dish we ordered at any restaurant was excellent. We had champagne or wine with each of our meals. By the way the water they serve at the restaurant is bottled water. Of the buffets our favorite one was the beach front one. The main buffet was excellent as well. There was alcohol available any time of the day. Our mini-fridge was stocked up with water, sodas and beer. The drinks at any of the bars was great and the wait usually was negligible.During the day you may do many activities; we participated in ping-pong, rock-climbing, dance lessons. In the evenings there were daily performances which we loved, they were quite entertaining. But you cannot beat having a coffee from Mike's and listening to live jazz music outdoors to wind-down the day. There is also a night club that plays Latin music and a little casino. We did patronize both these places but not for a long time duration. We also went on a 4 hour long ATV ride; through muddy trails, on the beach and the country side. Never felt unsafe, it was great!Check out again was a breeze but we were sad to be leaving. The hotel is immaculate and the patrons are mainly from Europe so there is a little topless sun bathing going on. The staff is excellent and courteous, we spent about $70 in tips (take singles). But even without tipping we received the same excellent treatment. We loved this place and it shows by my next comment: the only draw back was the absence of a bottle opener in the room to open my beer (I noticed that people had used the edge of the furniture to open the bottles thus damaging the furniture). We cannot wait to go back. Next time we are taking some of our friends as well.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buddyinpa
<Content>awesome vacation at ocean blue Our family stayed at Ocean Blue Dec.11-18.We had three adults and two small children. The resort is really clean and by walking the beach and looking at some other hotels this one was the nicest. The pools were amazing ,not crowded at all except when locals come in for the weekend. They were loud and left all their trash lay everywhere-wonder if their houses look like that.But we could handle that for two days. The activity staff were great-they made our trip. They went out of their way to make us feel welcome and were a riot. So hats off to Andreas,Rafeal,Henry,Luis,Jesus and Dillus.They worked at the pool ,the beach and even did the shows at night. Plus they would be at the disco to keep you entertained too. We found Hector ,the pool bartender to be the best. He knew your name ,knew what you drank and always had a smile. These guys work ten hours a day and make peanuts so we tipped them and they were very appreciative. The food was good ,you just have to remember it is different than what you are use to,so make the most of it.The rooms were quite roomy as we had five in a room and were quite comfortable. Bathroom was big too. As for all the bad reviews ,I feel there is no pleasing some people. If you want what you are use to at home-then stay home. You are going to a third world country ,it's not going to be like home. But this place was pretty close. We have been all over the Carribean and this resort was superior to alot of other places.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emilius77
<Content>Beautiful beaches        Beatuful beach  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lizard06
<Content>Awesome trip I went with to punta cana with my boyfriend for 3 nights in december. we're in our mid 20s from nyc/nj. i've gotta say that this hotel was awesome and we had a great time. everything in the ocean blue is sparkling clean, especially the public bathrooms throughout the resort. these are bathrooms i'd expect to see at the W hotel chain, not in the DR. the room was very big and the bathroom was nice with a jacuzzi tub and glass door shower. i've been to a few all inclusives in the past and have had really bad experiences, but i can honestly say the food was really good and there is a ton of variety. have no complaints there. the pool bar was a lot of fun, there are 2 huge pools there but i spent all of my time in the pool hanging out by the pool bar. another good thing about this place is the premium alcohol they have, most all inclusives only have rail. the beach is beautiful as well, there are plenty of places to lay in the shade or in the sun. at night we'd head to the lobby bar, then hit up the casino and sports bar. the casino is great, small but there are a couple of tables w/ $5 minimums which was fun b/c we could stay at the table awhile. the sports bar was also fun and we def took advantage of the late night food. all in all, i highly recommend staying at this hotel, there is a ton to do, there is def something for everyone. i did notice that we were the only people for the most part tipping. this is a very poor country and a couple of dollars here and there goes a long way for these workers, they work quite hard to make the hotel as nice as it is.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LivnLrg
<Content>The Undisputed King of the All-Inclusives My wife and I just returned on Friday the 15th from a nine-day stay at this WONDERFUL resort. Every amenity -- from the rooms to the help staff to the restaurants to the beach to the pools -- was just magnificent. And, for those who prefer a few (or more) libations, the drinks they serve are all premium, not just the cheap well ones that the majority of all-inclusives merely serve. The employees are just lovely, polite people. Be patient when dealing with them -- as the language barrier is there, in varying ways. A professional establishment in every which way!The only inconvenience (albeit of a minor nature) was the presence of the Royal Holiday vacation sellers on the premises. Dressed in white or blue polo shirts with the Royal Holiday name emblazoned on said shirts, these sellers pepper the grounds, enticing you with a voucher for a free half-hour massage at the resort's day spa in return for an hour-long vacation package seminar. Typical resort stuff, whether it's time shares or vacation packages. The hawkers can get rather annoying, especially when they confront you on a daily basis and after multiple NO's. When they approached me, every time I would use the line I'm already a member, thanks! That little white, yet appropriate, lie worked to diffuse them every time. They are annoying and, yes, they will annoy you too.If you can, upgrade to the Elite Club. For a few more bucks a night, you can have a better room with better amenities. One of those amenities is a chance to try the premium restaurant not offered as a part of the general all-inclusive package -- the beachside outdoor restaurant El Bucanero. The full course lobster dinner and the ambiance is, how should I put it, OTHERWORLDLY!This resort exceeded all of my expectations. I am from Southern California, where most of my compatriots flock to Hawaii, Cabo, or Cancun. Prior to a few months ago, I had never even heard of Punta Cana, so upon hearing of this paradisical wonderland I was chomping at the bit to travel to a mysterious, yet beautiful, new land. Maybe one day, the airports in southern California will offer direct flights into Punta Cana. Right now, the majority of the tourists hail from Canada, the east coast, and Europe. They're definitely on to something good. Punta Cana reminds me of what Cancun was like in the 80's ... before the mass of commercialization took root. I will definitely return to Punta Cana, and to the Ocean Blue Resort.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sander656
<Content>EXCELLENT!!               More photos  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CanadaChicky
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue (Calgary, Canada) We stayed at the Ocean blue for a week in November. I can't say enough good things about this resort. Check-in was smooth and fast, they served drinks to us upon arrival, the lobby is spactacular. We stayed in villa 7, which was pretty close to everything. There is a little shuttle to take you around the resort if you are not a walker, honestly unless you are completly out of shape the walk is not that bad. The grounds are very well kept and beautiful.The pools are sparkling clean, with great service at the swim up bars. Take some $1 bills for tipping. The beach is the most beautiful I have ever seen, there were no sea weeds. The vendors are great, we found we got better deals when they brought the vendors to us on the friday night. Always barter for what you want, only pay half of what they are asking.The food, now I have been reading this sight for months and I can't believe the things people complain about. Wow...It was amazing, more selection than you could ever ask for. We tried all the restaurants except the Mexican, we ran out of time! I highly recomend the $35.00 beach lobster dinner, we did this one on our last night and it was truly amazing.. Mike's coffee house was to die for, perfect after dinner coffee and sweet. Have the cheesecake at least once. The buffets and all the other restaurants were great, absolutly no complaints.The entertainment was great every night they had something going on. The staff was so good to us, at every location friendly and very sincere.The maid service was fine no complaints.Overall when we go to Punta Cana again, we will be at the Ocean Blue. See you there..  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dominicana_1
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel, Worst service i have ever received Firstable i'm from Dominican Republic.... My husband and i went to this resort for our first year anniversary, we heard the hotel was gorgeous, been from Dominican Republic allows you to hear the real stuff about the resorts... we decided to go to the resort because overall we heard good stuff about it.. the week before we left a friend of us went and said the food was terrible, since we are not picky with the food we did not worry about it. I'm just gonna say overall the hotel was gorgeous, clean, the biggest resort i've ever been, great decoration, i mean the looks of the hotel were simply amazing, BUTTT the service was just horrible, the waitress, the entertainment people The group at the beach that rents all the water equipment... UFFF be carefull with those people i guess they didn't get paid that week or something because they were just not in a good mood, there was this blond guy from another country that just treated me and my husband very mean... it was just very disapointing, again we are not picky people at all so for me to say that the service was terrible real bad stuff had to happened, it got to a point that i was afraid to ask a waitress for something because they would just tell me to go and pick it myself and sorry i didn't pay all that money to be treated like that.. Because of this horrible service i recomend people not to go there.. there are older resorts in the area with greater service than this... try the grand palladium resorts of the fiesta chain, or the paradisus palma real i mean you are paying to have a memorable vacation with the greatest service and attention but instead of that you get mad faces and mean people... STAY AWAY FROM OCEAN BLUE.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	5	1	-1	

<Author>bphilbrick3
<Content>GREAT Trip and Great Resort This resort was great. The staff and locals in Punta Cana are wonderful. The food was pretty good. Breakfast was especially great. Fresh fruit and juice!! The rooms were very nice and we had no noise problems. The fact was that the resort is very quiet at night. If you like to party all night, this might not be the place. While the bars/clubs stay open until the wee hours. They are never too crowded. More of a family atmosphere. The side trips offered are good. Although remember that Punta Cana is a long way from most destinations. (4 hrs drive to Santo Domingo). Shopping is limited to souvenirs. A trip to Plaza Bavaro (local market) will be more of the same as the beach vendors and gift shop. Staff is more than helpful. Very easy to find things and to get what you need. The only black mark I have is for the Royal timeshare people. EVERY day they hound you. They also will whisper nasty expletives at you in Spanish if walk away. The resort should learn to keep those folks in one place or not on the resort at all.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Lumaca
<Content>Loved it!! My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel from Nov 25 to Dec 2. I was a bit concerned staying at this property because I had heard a few bad things about this resort, but honestly this hotel is the best hotel I've ever stayed in Punta Cana. Check in was quick, the grounds are huge, and very clean. The rooms are huge. You have 6 restaurants to choose from to go eat, you don't need reservations, but keep in mind that at the a la carte restaurants guys can't wear shorts( dress code in full effect) the food was amazing and I'm a picky eater! Drinks let's see; they pretty much make anything you ask them too. The beach is huge and very clean, there are plenty of chairs so you don't have to wake up early morning so you can get a chair. Staff are very friendly. The shows at night are very nice especially Chicago and the Lion King! Please put some bug repelant at night there are some mosquitos at night! There's not really much to stay about this property except that I had an amazing time and that this hotel and the service provided here is amazing, will i recommend this hotel to my friends and will I stay here again; most definately.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>escapefromwinter
<Content>nice resort and a few bad experiences My husband and I (in our mid 40's) stayed at the Ocean Blue from Nov 16-24/06. Check-in was fine. Our room was clean and fridge was stocked. Lighting in the room was very dim for night reading and getting a hot shower was a bit tricky due to either low water pressure or lack of hot water. Food at the buffet offered a good variety of familiar and interesting choices. The Overtime Sports Bar makes the creamiest pina coladas! They are far better that the pina's from the beach and swim up bars. Mike's coffee shop is quaint and they make excellent iced coffees. They are great for beating the heat and a nice change from the bar drinks. We had a few negative experiences with the resort. The activities crew plays their music at less than relaxing volumes and the speakers are set up at one of the poolside bars. Unfortunately, the music carries throughout the beautiful pool area. It would have been much nicer to listen to domincan music rather than tunes you would hear while you're working out at the gym! We also noticed that guests who were fluent in Spanish received better service than folks like us who only knew a few words. We tried our best! Our other negative experience happened when we walked to the nearby shopping area called Bavaro Plaza. (about a 3/4 mile walk) Since the bank machine at the resort was out of order for about 3 days, we spotted a bank machine at the Plaza. There was a security guard sitting on a chair near the machine. When we walked up to the machine, the guard (with a gun in his belt) approached us with his hand out, saying something in Spanish, ending his sentence saying three dollars. He was asking us for money!! We were very uncomfortable and started walking away. This guard continued to follow us as we quickly hailed a taxi. We reported this incident to staff at Guest Relations when we returned to the resort. They apologized. I guess that what happens when one wonders off the resort alone! We took a day trip with the Bavaro Runners. It cost $160 US for both of us. It was a great way of seeing the beautiful countryside!! All of the passengers on our trip were Canadian. (coast to coast) The rum and beer was non stop on this trip!! Before buying things like cigars, coffee, etc., check out the prices at the shops you will stop at while on your day trip w/Bavaro Runners. We found their prices better and merchants much less AGGRESSIVE than the merchants that are located on the beach at the resort. You may also want to check out a great seafood restaurant called Captain Cook's. For $50 US per person, you will be picked up at the resort and taken by boat to the restaurant where it's all you can eat seafood. They'll even throw in a bottle of rum for you to take home! In general, the resort was well maintained and the pools were clean. We visited Puerta Plata last spring and had an overall more postive experience than this one at Punta Cana. This being said, it is unlikely that we will visit the Dominican again for a long time.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	3	3	4	2	3	

<Author>portugueseprincess
<Content>Great vacation! My husband, my 2 year old son and I just spent one week at Ocean Blue in November 2006. We are from New Jersey. It was a great vacation. The resort is absolutely gorgeous. The pool and beach are amazing, especially the powder white sand. The people are very friendly and helpful. The rooms were in good condition. The food was good (you can't beat good all inclusive food). The restaurants were all very good, especially La Casa de Mi Abuela. I will definitely go back to Ocean Blue and I recommend it to all. You'll love it.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>pikolo99
<Content>Very impressed Our family of 5 (my husband, myself, sons aged 3, 4 and 12) stayed Nov 18 - Nov 25. I was impressed with the place at booking time just because they allowed the 5 of us to stay in one room. Most places make you book for 2 rooms (4 person maximum/room). So, that was a bonus. The beach, pools, restaurants were absolutely superb. So close to the beach. We were in Villa 5. The service was wonderful, especially if you come across Jadry (at El Carey buffet restaurant). He is still learning his English; but what a terrific waiter! Absolutely the best!!! The only complaint we would have is that our room smelled like cigarettes. As a non-smoking family, we did not like the smell. Other people that we met at the resort, however, did say that their rooms did NOT smell. So, it might be we were just sensitive to it.We did notice that our arrival time and departure times were both at night. It is perhaps because they do not want you to see how poor the country itself is. We noticed Caucasians arriving and leaving at night. Puerto Ricans et al. arrive and depart during the day.Make sure you have lots of sinlgle dollar bills if you want to tip. Everyone holds on to them like their life depends on it. Make sure you have snacks such as chips and candy bars with you so that you do not have to buy them from the resort's market, as they will charge you $2 US for MMs and $5 US for Pringles.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maprigtraveller
<Content>an absolutly beautiful resort       the beach, note the bit of seaweed  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>reallynormal
<Content>Fantabulous!!! Unforgetable If you are looking for an incredible getaway, this has got to be one of the greatest places my wife and I have been. A warm reception area, nine restaurants with fantastic dishes, great weather, superb white sands beaches that stretch for eternity, warm ocean waters, two large and well layed out pools, superb rooms, mouth-watering landscape, unbelievable hospitality... that pretty well sums it up. One little note to tourists who are visiting... we found cigarette butts on the ground only a few feet away from an abundance of ashtrays throughout the resort, and garbage a few feet from garbage cans. The grounds are immaculate, and we could not be lazy enough to walk an extra couple of feet to help maintain this beautiful paradise. If we could answer any of your questions and help you have a pleasant trip to Ocean Blue, please feel free to send us an email at: reallynormal@yahoo.com  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimbo5864
<Content>Great Value!!! My wife and I stayed at the Ocean Blue from Nov. 18th to Nov. 24th. I paid $1000.00 per person including round trip airfare. This place was worth every penny and then some.The food was solid, not great, but above average. The buffet were good the Italian Place was OK, Rt 66 was so so. Remember, this is the Carribean.The service was good better than other resorts I stayed at in Punta Cana. 95% of the staff are working to please you, 5% are still moving slow.The Beach is the best in the area, the Pool is terrific (I did have to tell them to turn down the music which was being played so loud that is distorted the speakers. Why do people in the Carribean insist on playing the music so loud?)On the weekend the place was flooded with locals. I am not sure if they are allowed to buy a day pass or something like it, but by Sunday night most were gone.There are a lot of activities, the shows are campy but they are something to do at night.The property is immaculate, the rooms are clean but sparse. The casino is small but clean and neat.All in all this is a terrific place and a great value- I would go back in a heart beat.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	1	

<Author>Deepti
<Content>BEST VACATION !! Ocean blue was beyond our expectations ! there was a group of 11 of us from ages 24-69. our stay was from 9-16nov. its the most beautiful and friendliest resort i've seen. and yes i'm an experienced all inclusive person and work in the travel industry, so i know what im talking about. right from the start everthing went smoothly. the resort is huge, clean, well maintained and great service. buffet was our best pick, loads of variety. the resort has the largest pools i've seen. the beach is clean, wide and gorgous ! people say there is nothing to do in punta cana- they are wrong. we barely had time to sit on the beach as there was sooo much to do- casion, golf, bowling, scuba diving, para sailing, kayaking, atv's, bavaro runners, higuey shopping, markets. you will not get bored. trust me. the lobby bar in the evenings is amazing and quiet popular with live jazz music. the disco is also great. and if you want to bump it up a notch and be on the wild side- take a cab (10mins) to a club called MANGU !! its wild.all in all, loved punta cana and its friendly people and looooved the resort. i highly recommend OCEAN BLUE !!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>J-Smooth
<Content>The Truth Be Told The truth be told:The peolple,the people,the people are fantastic. I read so many negative reviews before coming to Punta Cana and it makes me wonder about all of the bad reviews. Anyway enough of that- first let me say the hotel is beautiful and the grounds are very nicely keep up. I had a Deluxe Suite in Villa 6, which if you are booked in VIP status is where you will be. It is close to the beach, but far from all of the restaurants. If you don't mind walking its about a 5-6 minute walk. The water is fantastic!!!Do your self a favor- If you love adventure and are looking for a great value on one of your excursions go down to the beach just past the dive shop, veer to the right, and ask for a guy named Anebal and take the Craig Cat speed boat tour. This puppy is 2 hrs long and is well the the C-note.(it's also just 100.00 for TWO)I heard so much about the lack of hot water and yes we did have a problem on occasion with low water pressure. It appears it comes from everyone using at the same time,(4:30-6:00 pm)The food- I would give them a B+ for effort as everyday the menu changed but on taste I would give them a C Food was never hot (temp wise) Cold food thats supposed to be hot = blahThe royal people will not attack you but they will ask you to come and listen to the sales pitch for the time share. A simple no and they leave you alone.The room is a little musty but it comes from the humidity down here so I just brought a nice candle and burned it my whole trip.Some helpful tips that I got from other reviews1. Plan on having fun2.Bring your own personal stuff-ie Sun block,insect repelentstuff like that cause if you forget personal items you'll pay out the nose for it later.( This may sound crazy- if you plan on reading in your room BRING 2 100.watt light bulbs. The lites are very dim)3. Lots of singles for TIPS- 4. i did not get sick at all here but they will tell you-Only drink the bottled water. Tap water is not for drinking. But bring Imodium or some form of this with you just in case. You won't regret it.5. Learn a few spanish phrases- This is their country.It's really not that hard and it may enhance your trip.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Islandcoconutgirl
<Content>Wonderful Resort We stayed at the Ocean Blue November 5-12. My husband and I were on our honeymoon, but we brought 12 other people with us. Guess it was a familymoon. :) We had been considering getting married at the resort, but had decided against it. We did see a wedding on the beach and it was very beautiful, despite the fact they probably had lots of people in swimsuits in their pictures.Now to review the resort....It is a beautiful resort. We were in Villa 5 which was centrally located by the pool. The resort is larger, but not horrible. We walked the resort instead of taking the tram because we were trying to wear off some of the food we had eaten. One of the ladies in our group twisted her ankle the first night there. She took the tram to get around. It was convenient, but a little slow. She didn't complain. She sat back and enjoyed the scenery. The pools are awesome and huge. Granted the resort was not full when we were there, but we had no problems getting chairs under an umbrella or getting chairs down on the beach. The swimup bar had pretty good service. There was one bartender we didn't like, but when he was tending the swim up bar we just went up to the bar on the other side of the pool bar and grabbed a drink, Not a big deal.The restaurants were very good. We loved the Dominican restaurant. The boneless goat was very good. It sounds gross, but try it. If you don't like it, don't eat it. My husband ordered two meals just in case and ended up eating both. I had the garlic shrimp which was awesome. The italian restaurant was also very good. They were very accomadating to our big group of 14. Everyone loved their meal at this restaurant, even the picky ones in the group. The mexican restaurant was good as well. We were a little disappointed because they didn't get our order right, but we ate what they brought and it was good. Route 66 had good food, but the hostess was very crabby and had an attitude. The food was good. We weren't crazy about the milkshakes since it seemed they were only milk without a whole lot of ice cream, but who are we to complain? They did a good job of imitating a 50's diner. If we wanted American food the way we are used to, we would have stayed in the US. Mike's Cafe was very good. The apple pie torte square was awesome. The cheesecake was not our favorite. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't the best we had ever tasted either. The coffee is out of this world. Definately worth taking a trip or two or three to try it out. Some in our group went to the seafood restaurant on the beach (you have to pay). They said the lobster was out of this world and they were all stuffed.We did try the bowling because we had one free game. It was ok. The bowling machine (not sure what to call it) got stuck 4-5 times and the guy had to go behind the scenes to reset it for us. It was still fun, and hey what do you want for free??The climbing wall was fun. Remember to bring socks and if your feet are bigger than a size 10 you won't be climbing the wall. That is the biggest shoe size they have. My husband has a size 11 foot and he shoved his foot in because he wanted to climb so bad, but he couldn't wait to get the shoes off.The beach was beautiful every single day. Warm, sunny and lots of places to find shade. It was more full on the weekend, but it didn't ruin or day by any means. The beach markets are a blast. Remember to barter and never pay more than half of what they offer. Pick a price and don't pay more. If they won't give it to you, walk away. NIne chances out of ten, they will give it to you for that price. We only had one vender that wouldn't even barter with us. Guess he didn't need our business that bad. Not a big deal.The rooms are dark so if you are a reader you are going to have problems. The rooms smell a little musty, but it is so hot and humid down there that it is something you should expect. After the first day, we didn't even notice the smell anymore. The a/c works very well in the room, at times too well. We had to turn it off a couple of times.This is long I know, but I want people to know that this is a wonderful resort with staff that is willing to go out of their way to be helpful. We had no problems with getting towel, having the mini-bar refilled, or anything stolen. Put your valuables in the safe like you would in the US and you will be fine. We did have problems at first with getting our safe to work and the shower broke one day. The maintenance staff was there in a reasonable amount of time. Others in our group had to wait a day or so to get their safes fixed, but we adjusted. All in all go to the resort, have fun, enjoy the sun and sand and just plain relax!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>samelee
<Content>Great vecation!!! Info u should know before u go I would like to start off by saying that my boyfriend and i, both in our late 20's had an excellent time. I wanted to tell everyone a couple things that u should know before traveling. These are things i wish i knew before we arrived..... - Ladies, use bathroom on the plane before u land. The restrooms are tiny and i am not kidding when i say i stood in line for a half hour.  -Everyone, even small childern, have to pay $10 for a visitor pass when u arrive. My travel agent did not warn me about this. -When u are ready for ground transportation make sure u know who to look for. I booked my trip with funjet vacations and they did not tell me who i will be dealing with when i was there. For example...funjet vacations is represented by V.I.P services. so u would go to them for assistance with bus to hotel. Who ever it may be make sure u know who to contact when u land. -be prepared to have a very bumpy ride to hotel, but it is scenic -restaurants all close around 10:30 at nite. Room service is available 24 hours but very slow service -casino is very small -mikes coffee shop is incredible!!!! great drinks and atmosphere -not much of a night life at this resort (which i liked) -very clean hotel, staff was nice and many spoke english. U are in a diffenent country so dont expect everyone to speak good english. -if u do the manati park excursion, make sure u get on the right bus back to the hotel!!!! this excursion was a lot of fun...swam with dolphins -highly recommend atv 4x4 excursion -buffet is very good ate there most of the time - beautiful beach, make sure the front desk gives u a towel card for beach towels. -u can rent checkers, battleship and other games on the beach.(where u get the beach towels) -top shelf liquor...bacardi, johnny walker, baileys etc..i was very impressed with the liquor. the sports bar even carries Corona where all other bars only carry presidente beer on draft. -shuttle bus at the resort so u dont have to walk. resort is perfect size, not too big or small. We had a wonderful time at ocean blue. I just wanted to give u a heads up on a couple of things. Any questions feel free to email.we would definalty go back!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelGal619
<Content>Absolutely wonderful time!       looking out from the pool to the ocean  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jeenygirl
<Content>Once Past the First Day, It was Great My husband and I visited the Ocean Blue from 10/28-11/04 and had a wonderful time.We arranged to be upgraded to the Elite Club which provided us with a beautiful room in Villa 6, concierge service (used mostly for dinner reservations), massages, motorized sports, beach horseback riding, room service, and premium drinks. The upgrade cost was an addition $100 a day for the 2 of us and I'm still undecided if it was worth it. However, we got such a good deal on the basic package that I'm not losing any sleep over it. I think if the room location is not an issue and if the resort is not too crowded so you can get into the restaurants, you may be better off with the basic package.Let me get the bad things over with first:Check in was over 2 hours. We were invited to have a drink and a bite to eat in the beach restaurant, but we really just wanted to get in our room and begin our vacation.Time Share sales people congregate at the buffet and if you make eye contact, they will annoy you. One of them insulted my husband and I for not talking to them; he was reported to hotel management.The premium liquor that comes with the upgrade, meant that you needed to go to small self serve bar at the Elite Club in the lobby. They didn't have absolute vodka for 2 days. However, most of the regular bars had premium liquor anyway.The room service option is for a very limited menu that doesn't include drinks. However, my husband gets up earlier than I do and they delivered a lovely continental breakfast every morning at 7 for him.The room smelled musty, but seemed to go away. I don't know if we were just getting used to it. The water pressure was not good and hot water was not always available.Now for the good...The staff service was EXCELLENT! I felt everyone that worked there was friendly and worked hard.The food was much better than I expected. The buffet had a lot of choices but after breakfast and lunch there, it was nice to go to a sit down restaurant at night. The Elite Club gives you priority to restaurant reservations which was good, but the hotel was not too crowded and non-Elites seemd to get into the restaurants without a reservation. The Dominican Restaurant was our favorite. The Spa was terrific. The upgrade package comes with a couples massage which was lovely. One of the nicest spas I've gone to. We didn't want to use our horseback riding trip and they let us trade it for another massage. Two massages in one week was very nice! The hotel is beautiful; they maintain it impeccably. The beach is one of the nicest I've ever been to and I loved the fact that you could always get a beach towel without the threat of being charged if it's lost or you don't return it.The hotel tram was very useful because our villa was so far from the center of town. It was very dependable and you could always grab a ride into the center of the hotel.I know I'm missing somethings but all in all it was a great vacation and if the opportunity arose, we would definitely return to this hotel. For the price, even with the upgrade, it was one of the nicest vacations we ever had.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>dgskidge
<Content>okay time This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic. In the past we have always gone to Jamaica but wanted to try something new. Our trip was booked thru Apple Vacations with our flight booked thru TNT Vacations. We arrived on the 29th of October. We had booked a Jr Deluxe Suite as members of the Elite Club. We believe being a member of the Elite Club was a benefit. We stayed in Villa 6 overlooking the pool and also had the view of the Ocean. Upon check in, we were brought over to the Elite Club room, brought a nice cocktail and met with Dahianna. Great person, she was most helpful to us during our stay. Had our private check-in. The room was nice. However, I do agree with other reviews concerning the odor of the room. Very musty. After the first day however, we either became used to the smell or it went away. The bathroom was very nice, all marble. The only problem we incured was the fact that a small section of the glass shower was missing, so water did run on to the floor, big deal, put a towel to catch it. I did experience trouble with the hot water. I finally asked my husband how come he always had hot water and I did not. Come to find out, I was turning the handle the wrong way, opposite of the states. After that, never took a cold shower. The room was very clean. As an Executive Housekeeper at a resort, my standards are high and Ocean Blue Housekeeping staff met them.  The pools were wonderful. I do agree as far as getting out early to get an umbrella. No big deal again for us, we are early risers and just put our towels out and either went to breakfast or back to our room until we were ready for the pool. For me, the only complaint about the pool area was the noise. As the weekend approached and the hotel got busier, the noise around the pool was almost unbearable. As far as the pool bar goes I was not impressed with the service from the bartenders, it was almost as though we were bothering them for a drink. However, service from the bartenders in the lobby bar was execptional.  As far as the food goes we really did not experience a bad meal anywhere. Our favorite meal however was in the Italian Restaurant, it was fantastic. We also ate at the Mexican, Rt 66 and the one on the beach in the evening. The buffets were also good. Really no complaint about the food. One funny thing however was one evening an older gentleman was chatting with us right before dinner opened. He left our table. My husband and I got up to get our dinner. Upon returning to our table, he and his wife were sitting at our table much to my dissapproval. I told them this was our table and he replied, what you don't want us to join you? Nope, My husband and I went on this trip for some much needed time for just us. They left. Mike's Coffee House is a must. What a great place. You have to try the Caribbean coffee!! My husband loves his coffee and we typically went there two to three times a day. Service there was also execptional. The lobby bar in the evenings had a wonderful sax player along with a keyboard player. We truely enjoyed them. One evening, my husband requested our song. They played it, we got up to dance and along came the rain, wind, etc. My hat goes off to the mucians, despite the weather, they finished the song. It was much appreciated. Overall, we did have a good time. Will we return to Ocean Blue? Probably not. Not because of bad service or food however. In the past, the resort we go to in Jamaica is much smaller and more personable. Our trips to Jamaica were also about half the price as what we spent for Ocean Blue. I did not enjoy the larger crowds of people. It seemed that you could not find a quiet spot, poolside or beachfront to just be by ourselves.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	2	3	

<Author>SMCChic
<Content>Fabulous Resort My husband and I (mid 30s) stayed at the Ocean Blue the last week of October. After traveling extensively in the Caribbean and Mexico, we can honestly rate this hotel as the best all around hotel that we have visited. Great beach, great pools, great food, nice rooms, good service.Do set your alarm early one morning for a view of the sunrise. It is spectacular.We would not hesitate to go back and in fact we would probably hesitate more to go to another resort in Punta Cana after such a great time here.As for complainers, read into them what you want, but we made friends with couples for all over the US and Canada and not one person had a bad review. Yes, the hot water comes and goes, yes the bar does run out of things.... but if that is going to ruin your vacation you should probably just stay home.Don't hesitate to travel to the Ocean Blue. Go and enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>yabbo24497
<Content>Beautiful place, but horrible guest relations I stayed at the resort with my boyfriend from Oct. 31st to Nov. 5th. This was not my first time in the country or even Punta Cana for that matter. Each time I go I stay at a different resort. This was the worst resort I have stayed at by far! The first day I was there my cell phone was stolen right out of a bag in my room. I had to go to guest relations 3 times and spend at least an hour with them each time just so they could tell me that they could do nothing about the situation. These people told me that I couldn't even have a reimbursement for the cost of the phone because it's not broken and I have no damaged phone to give them. Really?! That's because someone who works there is a theif. I have left phones out in the open along with camcorders and digital cameras at other resorts, and this has never happened. The food was alright, nothing special. And if you go, brush up on your spanish because not everyone that works there speaks English.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	5	2	1	

<Author>meta
<Content>Absolutely Phenominal - HAd a Great Time Stayed at the Ocean Sand Golf from Oct.21-28 and would return in an instant. The standard rooms are all modern suites with double sinks and jacuzzi.They were very spacious and did not smell musty at all. Resort was extremely clean and well maintained. Pools were huge and crystal clean (how do they do that?) and cool enough to be refreshing (not warm and cloudy like some of the Riu resorts we've been to). The disco was fun and played mainly latino music. On weekends the animation staff attended the disco and perked things up a bit. The shows were well done with varied themes. Phone calls home were absolutely no problem and very reasonable. We bought a calling card for $10 US dollars at the Hotel gift shop that gave us 26 minutes of calling time with NO connection fee. (Unlike some other resorts we've been to that charge a $4 US connection charge). Our room was stocked with pop and small presidente beers every couple of days and cold bottled water was available throughout the resort at the bars. Premium alcohol was served at the bars if requested and they weren't stingy with it at all. Staff was extremely friendly and efficient and a smile and a small tip went a long way. There was so much to do and see that we still feel we didn't discover everything. The resort is huge but a little trolley comes along regularily or you can walk as we preferred to do since the grounds were gorgeous and a joy to see. Food was excellent. We ate at the buffet, the Italian, the Mexican and one night paid the $35 premium for Lobster on the Beach. The lobster was excellent and the portion HUGE. It was very romantic eating on the beach with the ocean only a few feet away. NEither my husband or I got sick all week and we really indulged. There was plenty of loungers and shade and we never had to get up early to reserve a good spot. You never went hungry at this place because the Overtime Sports bar was open until six in the morning and here you could get a hamburger, fries, sandwich or even a drink. Met a lot of wonderful, friendly people that really contributed to the great atmosphere. This place was absolutely fantastic value for what we paid and I'm certain that once the word gets out about this places the prices are going to go up!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kathyanddan
<Content>Our Favorite Punta Cana Resort!       Ocean Blue Beach  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kahe722
<Content>Ocean Blue was great I traveled with my husband, 2 teen daughters, and an 8 yr old daughter. We all loved it. The only complaints were the biting mosquitos at dusk. (They seemed to be mainly on the beach) We tried all ala carte restaraunts, and preferred the Dominican one the best. We usually ended the evening with a coffee drink at Mike's Coffee house. The staff was very friendly at all establishments. For any one that has read bad reviews, don't believe them. No one else we met had any complaints either. We would go back to this resort without a doubt. It was a great family time, with memories we will cherish forever!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sweetpeainpa
<Content>re: the below review       resort from snorkel boat  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SEWITravelers
<Content>Worst Vacation Ever If you are thinking about staying here - DO NOT! If you already have booked this resort - rebook IMMEDIATELY! After our stay here, the travel agency we go through will not let anyone stay here!My husband and I recently returned from our vacation at Ocean Blue in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic (October 4 鈥?11). We have traveled out of the US with both Apple and Funjet in the past, so this was not our first experience out of the country; however, it was the worst one.We had many problems once we arrived at the resort. It seemed as though everyday there was something going wrong. Upon arriving in our room, we noticed there were no ashtrays (we had requested a smoking room). We called and asked for some ashtrays, and waited about a half hour for them to arrive. We were anxious to get to the beach, so we left the room (the ashtrays had still not arrived). Upon returning to our room there was one ashtray. Both my husband and I smoke and one ashtray was not enough so had to bring plastic cups back with us to use as ashtrays. That night we went to the lobby bar after dinner. My husband drinks whiskey and they had Jack Daniels. He asked for a Jack Daniels and Diet Coke. He received a J  B Scotch and Diet Coke. He told the bartender that his drink was not right and he wanted Jack Daniels. They told him they did not have it. We could see the bottle sitting on the bar. So he pointed it out to them. After a few drinks, they told him they ran out of Jack Daniels. (This would happen at every bar we went to, not just the lobby bar.) If he wanted another drink we would have to go to Overtime (another bar in the resort). We went there and got a drink; however we would rather be in the lobby bar since it was open to the outside and Overtime was enclosed is a building. One night, after the lobby bar ran out of Jack Daniels and we were told to go to Overtime, we were told there they had run out also. My husband ordered a different drink. Shortly after we got our drinks, one of the lobby bartenders walked out of the back of Overtime with a bottle of Jack Daniels. We flagged him down and asked him what was going on that you just told us to come here and now you鈥檙e taking the Jack Daniels from here to the lobby. He just laughed at us and walked out. We found out later in the week that each bar is only allowed three 750 ml bottles of each brand of alcohol per day, whether it is wine, champagne, hard liquor, schnapps, etc. and when they run out; you have to go find a bar that still has that alcohol or drink something different.Upon returning to our room on Wednesday night, our first night, I was looking through the hotel brochure in our room. It said 鈥淩oom Service: available 24 hours. Call extension 403鈥? It was about 2:30 a.m., and we decided to try room service. I called extension 403, it was an automated system. I went through the prompts and ended up right back at the beginning. I called the front desk and asked why I could not get anyone in room service to answer the phone. They told me we did not have room service. I read them exactly what their brochure said. They told me that it was not available to us. I asked where we were supposed to get something to eat. They said there is nowhere you can eat right now. My husband and I were very angry, so the Apple brochure said this was a 24 hour resort. We went down to the lobby and talked to Nicholas Ozoria, the lobby clerk at night. We argued with him and I showed him both the Apple catalog that says 鈥溾€?4-hour food and beverage resort鈥︹€?and the brochure from our room that said 鈥淩oom Service: available 24 hours鈥? He said that was wrong and we should talk to Luis one of the Apple reps in the morning. We asked to talk to a manager and Nicholas told us there was none on duty. He finally did say that Overtime had sandwiches available for us now. Saturday night, we went up to our room to go to bed. When I inserted the key into the slot to unlock the door, neither key worked. Once again, we went to the lobby and talked to Nicholas. We again asked for a manager, and once again, there was none on duty. Nicholas said we should talk to Luis or Joel Sanchez in the morning. Nicholas told us Joel was the manager. We got our new keys and finally got into our room.By this time into our vacation, we also had noticed that we had dirty sheets on the bed. Also, one day when we came back from the beach, there was a big puddle of water on the bathroom floor. When we would take showers, no matter what time it was, the water would go from hot to cold. In fact one time, it completed shut off on me. Both my husband and I also had traveler鈥檚 diarrhea for the first time ever.Sunday morning, we talked to Luis and he said Joel Sanchez was not the manager, and we should talk to Sr. Almonte, the resident manager. We were on our way to the beach, so Luis said when we came back he would call Sr. Almonte so he could call us in our room. We checked in at the Apple desk when we came back and Luis was not there, he was at a meeting, but there was another Apple rep there (a woman, I can鈥檛 remember her name). She said she would have Sr. Almonte call us. My husband and I both showered and got ready for dinner. When we left our room, we again stopped at the Apple desk and this time she called Sr. Almonte and talked to him. We set up a meeting to see him on Monday night at 7 p.m. in the lobby. When we went to talk to him and tell him our problems, he said he understood and would take care of things for us. He gave a meal at Bucanero鈥檚 (the seafood restaurant) and a voucher for a refund for one night from Apple. He did take notes about all of our complaints. Sr. Almonte gave us his business card and told us if we had any other problems to have the staff call him in his room and tell him; and that he was available 24 hours a day.Tuesday night we ate at Bucanero鈥檚. While we were there two tables down from us a rat came from the umbrella onto the table and crawled away. We finished our dinner and left. After gambling at the casino, we went to go back to our room and go to bed. On the way there, my stomach started to turn again, so began to walk very fast. I got up to the room and, once again, neither room key worked. We had to walk from Villa 5 back to the lobby to use the bathroom and get new keys again. I gave my husband the keys to get new ones while I ran to the bathroom. As I was turning the corner to get to the bathroom, I heard something shatter. I did not make it to the bathroom in time, so I had to clean myself up. When I exited the bathroom and went over by my husband I saw that the glass lobby door was shattered into little pieces and he was standing there with Nicholas and three other workers. I yelled at the workers and told them about what had happened (being locked out of room, not making to the bathroom, etc.) I told them we were very unhappy with this resort and would never come back. We took our new keys and went back to our room. Once we got there, I tried both keys and again neither key worked. As we were getting ready to go back to the lobby, we met another couple on the stairs. They invited us up to their room to use their phone instead of walking all the back to the lobby. We went to their room and I tried to call the front desk. There was no answer. I called about three times, and then tried the operator. I explained the situation to the operator; they said just a moment and transferred me to the front desk. Again, the phone just rang and rang. There was no answer. After about ten minutes, finally Nicholas answered the phone. I told him we needed new keys again. He said someone would be at our room door in five minutes to let us in. Two guys showed up in a golf cart and let unlocked our room door for us. We asked for the key, and they told us no, this is the general hotel key. We asked them to call Sr. Almonte. They told us they did not know he was. I pulled out his business card and said I would call him myself. They finally agreed to go and get us new keys. As we were going to bed that night, my husband noticed that his foot and ankle were very swollen. I suggest taking his socks off and hopefully that would help.The next morning, we were sitting in the lobby smoking a cigarette before checking out. The female Apple rep came up to us and said 鈥淭hey tell me that you broke a door last night.鈥?We told her the story about what happened that my husband flung the door open and the handle hit the wall causing the glass to shatter. We repeatedly told her that we was sorry and that is was a mistake. She said that she was told my husband intentionally broke the door by punching it and we had to pay for the door (approximately $3,000USD before we could leave). We told her that price was ridiculous. She said it was a crystal glass door. We laughed and told her it was not. She said well, it鈥檚 tempered glass. Again, we said no it鈥檚 not. If was tempered, it would not have shattered. Then she said, well it鈥檚 imported. I said he did not punch the door and if he did there would be scratches on his hands. He showed her his hands, there were no scratches. She said then you must have kicked it. Again, he showed her his legs, no scratches. She said, well you have to pay for the door or you cannot leave. We asked what would happen if we did not pay, she said we could not get on the bus back to the airport. I asked what happens if we miss the bus. She said we would have to pay for a taxi to the airport. My husband asked what would happen if we just got on the bus. She pointed to the police car sitting in front of the bus and said we would be arrested and thrown in jail. Isn鈥檛 her job to stand up for us and protect us? We tried to walk towards the bus and the police started coming for us. We had no choice, but to pay for the door, which turned out to be $3,036.61 USD. When we were being transferred to the airport, we showed the Apple transfer guy the receipt. He said 鈥淭his is for one door?鈥?We told him yes. He basically said we were getting screwed. He told us 鈥淣o door in the Dominican is over $350 USD.鈥?(We are contesting this with the credit card company.) Upon getting to the airport and talking to other people, we decided to take pictures of my husband鈥檚 hand and legs. No one could believe this happened.When we arrived at O鈥橦are Airport and claimed our luggage, we noticed that it was broken. One was crushed in on the sides. (It looks like a door was slammed into it. The metal piping is actually bent to a 鈥淰鈥?) The other one has the handle on it, but the plastic piece around it is broken, causing the handle to not work properly. One piece of luggage was brand new!Upon returning home, my husband鈥檚 ankle did not get any better, in fact, it got worse. We did not know if he had been bitten by something or what was wrong. His right ankle and foot were twice the size of his left one. He had broken blood vessels in his foot and around his ankle. His right calf had even started swelling. On Friday morning, he was delusion from the fever he had. He did not know who I was or where we were. I called Tripmate Insurance and they told me to take him to the ER. When I returned home from work, we went to our local hospital鈥檚 Emergency Room. They determined it to be a skin infection of some sort. He was prescribed antibiotics, pain pills and ibuprofen. Due to this skin infection and the doctor鈥檚 orders, he has missed out on two and half days of work.On a personal note, we feel as though we have aged at least one year on this one week vacation. It was not relaxing at all.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>kathyglad
<Content>Great Vacation       beach  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scoop9
<Content>Great Resort Stayed at Ocean Sands the week of October 14-21st, first trip to the Dominican. The hotel was clean, waitstaff and bar staff were very attentive.Food selection was good, and the beach was beautiful. While I prefer a more intimate atmosphere, I found the resort quite nice, it was spacious and had a fair amount of options for a la carte restaurants. Sadly, the Dominican feel was absent from the resort, lobby bar entertainment seemed to cater to the North American clientele, mostly English music being played. I do have to agree with some of the reviews that the entertainment staff were hard to find throughout the day, sometimes music played on the beach, sometimes not. Overall this was a positive experience for me and my friends. I would recommend this resort, a solid 4**.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pandatoo
<Content>Enjoyable time! Stay Oct.20th-27th. Only 1 minor problem at airport , someone was so excited to be there or can't read their own writing because they took 1 of our groups piece of luggage. Apple provides tags and you should actually look at them when retrieving luggage or mark you bags. Fortunately it was someone on our bus to resorts and Apple rep got it fixed before we left airport. Bought some Presidente for the 30 minute trip to Ocaen Blue and off we went. Greeted at the resort with Ocean Blue Drinks escorted to the Elite Club as we had upgraded when we booked our trip. Had Absolute, Tangaray, Johnny Walker Red and Black label Chevas Regal,Bailey Irish Creme, Kaluha, Frangelico, Disarano, to name a few. Available to us all week. Got our room assignments in Villa 10. Great rooms. Had 2nd floor overlooking the pool bar with very big balcony with 2 wicker chairs, foot stool and table. Looked like all other villas had plastic chairs. Our room had 4poster bed bathroom had 2 sinks, glass enclosed shower, with seperate jacuzzi tub. Had trouble always getting hot water, but you are on vacation learn to deal with it. Normally let it run for a couple of minutes and don't shower during demand times and it works. Also had full minifridge with pop, water and Presidente. Our table also had 1 btl. Absolute, 1 btl. Johnny Walker Red, 1bltBrugal Rum(local), and 2 btls. wine.Had no problem getting more Presidente or Pepsi Diet. Very nice pool but only had 1 pool bar open as it was low season. No major complaints, service was a little slow at times wether you tipped or not. Again relax you are on vacation. Still didn't figure out how they stock the pool bar daily, always ran out of Abslute at pool bar, then drank Stoli's. Oh well! Food was good to very good. Ate at Italian, Route 66, Mexican, and EL Bodegan. I'm not a mexican food lover, so I would definatey not eat at again. We did have some in our group eat there twice and enjoyed it. Wife said it was ok. Had heard bad reviews of Route 66 but it was very good as was the Italian. El Bodagon some had good meals (filets) others had New York Sirloin and was tough.Buffets try to cater to all nationalities and are just that buffets. You could always find something to eat. Service overall was very good. Breakfast didn't change much but omlets and eggs over very good. You put what you want on a small plate the give to cook for your omlet. Only had ham as a meat choice at omlet station so I went to get bacon first then went there. Sausage is not like ours so nstayed away from it, however their fried salami is good. Lunch at beach buffet didn't change much, however the chicken was the best. Rotissire and very moist. The BBQ Beach Buffet at LaBrasa was a very nice change one night. Pay attention to your Ocean Blue newsletter as some Rest. are on recess(closed) on different nights. All in all a very nice resort and would go back. It's just that our group likes to try different places and may go back to Mexico next time or to another resort in Punta Cana. One last thing go with an open mind and remember you are on vacation so don't fret the small stuff. Feel free to e-mail me with and specific ? you may have. terdog920@yahoo.com  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Strel
<Content>Loved it !!! What an incredible vacation Like everyone else after reading the reviews I was a little nervous to put it mildly. A group of family and friends (28 in all) vacationed at the Ocean Blue Golf Resort from 10/2/06-10/08/06. I don't understand the negative reviews given, maybe those people are just picky or forget they are in another country, We had a beautiful tine from beginning to end.  The airport -it is open air so be prepared to be hot, however very friendly staff and you moved along quite swiftly.The busride -to the hotel was interesting. You had a glimpse of the poorness of the people there. Upon arrival at the hotel you were greeted with a cool welcome drink (Blue Lagoon)and a cool face cloth.. This was appreciated since it was 91 degrees at arrival. The check-in was smooth and only a few of the group had short waits to get there room keys. A shuttle carried you to the front of the building which would be your home for the week, Ours was building 5. The Apple Vacation Representatives were always there and available to answer any questions.The Rooms - We all had the Standard Junior Suites. The rooms were very spacious, I did find them to be a little dim, however as soon as I called the maintenance another lamp was put in my room. the housekeeper seemed somewhat slow, but understand she cleand a large number of rooms each day. Once I told her what I needed she was very happy to comply. Enjoy the Presedente Beer in your room really good beer.Pool - The pools are well kept, and clean. You do have to put out towels early though if you want and unbrella chair. The pool bar waiters are great, even though tipping is not a requirement , the service you get will make you want to tip.Food - Different taste. I enjoyed all the restuarants but most of all the ribs at Route 66. Please take the chance to go to Mike Coffee Shop and have a piece of cheesecake..its to die for. We have already begun planning fo next year, not to this resort, because we want to see other ones.Well I hope you get the message... Simply beautifulJust relax and enjoy ... you are on vacation  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alexw0829
<Content>Great Vacation My wife and I stayed at The Ocean Blue Resort for 2 weeks from Oct 4 to Oct 18. We had a wonderful time.The Resort is beautiful. We stayed in Villa 5 and had no problems with our room. We tipped the maid every day and always had fresh towels, the mini fridge was stocked and the room was clean. The ocean was great. The water and beach very clean. The 2 pools were also great. Had no problems getting towels for the beach. We could take as many as we wanted never had any problems. The food was very good. We ate at all the different restaurants and food and service was very good. The buffet had a great selection of all different kinds of food and we especially enjoyed all the fresh fruit and fresh juices that they always had. We really enjoyed the two nights they had the barbecue on the beach. It was a great buffet in a great setting.All the staff was very friendly and treated us well. Never had any problems getting drinks at the bar. i read some of the negative ads before we left and I really have to say honestly we had no bad experiences. i would definitely recommend this hotel and would consider staying again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karl-pat
<Content>absolutely superb karl and pat stoke-on-trent england just returned from two weeks at ocean sands.lets start with only bad points of entire experience.travelled with first choice check in at return airport horrendous stood in queue for 1 hour with no help or guidance from any first choice reps.only other gripe not enough shade around pool areas.this is our third trip to the dom rep and far and away the best hotel food beach service and rooms excellent.must make a special mention to the lads in mikes coffee shopand alexander in the lobby bar 24 hour smiles and entertainment from 90% + of all the staff from maids to management.some of the negative comments on this site i wonder if these people stayed at the same hotel.the ROYALS a simple no thank you in most cases is enough.food in the buffet was superb service a little slow at busy times especially at weekends when locals and some n/ americans arrive for short stay.all in all would recommend to anyone and would certainly have no hesitation in going back.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nixhex10
<Content>wonderful time My girlfriend and I recently stayed at Ocean Blue. This was my first time in an all inclusive resort and I must say that I had an amazing time. Here are some comments:1. The staff was extremely friendly. Although they do not speak english very well...it is fairly easy to communicate. They appreciate tips and will be sure to refill your drinks without hesitation.2. The food was very good. I went in thinking the food would be mediocre since it is FREE. However it was very tasty. I recommend the Mexican and Italian places (however they are all good). Mikes coffee shop is a great change of pace and offers some excellent coffee/smoothies.3. The pools are HUGE. There are two of them each with their own bars. They were never really crowded during our stay and we were always able to grab a couple lounge chairs (all though the umbrellas were gone early each day). The pools were by far my favorite spot.4. The beach was beautiful and never too crowded. The water was warm and as blue as can be. Great time!My only negative comments about the resort was that we lost hot water in our shower frequently and our room keys stopped working twice (had to walk to front desk to replace them). Other than that it was a wonderful trip and I recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hayhunter8
<Content>GREAT VACATION Boy I have so much to say about Ocean Blue, mostly all positives.FlightThe flight was GREAT, charter flight straight there and straight back USA3000 through Apple no problems, no cancellations, no delays, no stops. I know we discussed this prior to me leaving that some people had issues with USA3000 canceling flights or changing flights didn鈥檛 have a problem with this. When you get to D.R. you will have to pay $10 per person when you get to the airport for a tourist card. Air conditioned buses to and from the hotel to airport were nice and had no problems. If you book through apple you will get this. Otherwise there are plenty of opportunities for transportation to and from airport. One negative that I heard from someone else was guys trying to take your luggage, I did experience this. They take you to the apple rep find out your bus number and take your luggage to the bus, if you don鈥檛 want to carry your luggage let them have it, if you do and don鈥檛 want to tip them good luck. I told them NO as our luggage rolls and wasn鈥檛 a big deal, but he took it right out of my hands even after telling him NO.Check-inBecause we were not upgraded to an elite room PRIOR to getting to our hotel we checked in at the right side, if you paid for the upgrade prior to getting there you would go to your left into the elite club area and get a private check-in and other options. The basic check-in was nice got a nice cold ocean blue drink (they call it) and a cold towel with a warm welcome. You leave your luggage right at the front entrance until you are done checking in, after you check in you go back to the bell boy and tell them what room you are in and they take your luggage to your room. In the meantime go see the ocean, get a drink at the bar, walk around the resort, go check out your room etc. then when your luggage comes you can change and hit the beach.UpgradingThis is a huge question and issue with A LOT of people including me, whether or not to upgrade before going or upgrade when you get there. Here is my opinion on it. Depending on what you pay for your trip prior to going it might not cost you much to upgrade as for me it was going to cost $800 to upgrade and it was not worth it and still don鈥檛 think it would have been worth it after going for that much. However, some people can get an upgrade for as little as $150 for 2 for 7 days or even $300 to me that would be worth it. To upgrade you get a bigger room and villas closest to the beach, the basic rooms and upgraded rooms actually are VERY similar, the only difference I could see is they might be a little bigger, and Jacuzzi tub and shower are separate. Other then that they are really similar the basic room actually had a MUCH bigger TV then our upgraded room it had like a 27鈥?and our upgraded room had like a 17鈥?or 20鈥?VERY SMALL hard to see from across the room. 飦?but who watches TV鈥︹€︹€︹€or us because it wasn鈥檛 worth the money to upgrade we took our chances and emailed the manager of the resort told her it was our anniversary and would like to be upgraded if possible. When we arrived because an upgraded room was available she was able to give us the room, however we did not get all the extras that goes with it, just got the room which was completely fine with us, because that鈥檚 all we really wanted anyway. So if you are going during a slow time of the year, you probably have a pretty good chance with this, if you email the manager. But if you are going during a peak time when the resort is full your chances of this happening are pretty slim to none. So if you absolutely want the upgrade during peak season you will definitely have to pay for it. You still get the refrig with pop and beer in the basic room as well. One thing I found very interesting from the manager is if you are booking the Ocean Blue through apple and don鈥檛 choose to upgrade you will be put in Villa 3,4 or 5 all apple members go to these villas. Villa 5 is the best non-upgraded room; Villa 6 is the upgraded rooms on the Ocean Blue side. Starting from the lobby all the way out to the resort on the Ocean Blue side it鈥檚 Villa鈥檚 1-6, 6 being all the way out to the beach. Villa 5 looks right out at the pool the further down you go you just look out at the grass still a pretty view, I personally loved being close to the pool and the beach, however it was a ways down to the lobby, restaurants, and buffet.RestaurantsAll I have to say about the food is you鈥檙e not in America, or your home town so don鈥檛 expect the food to be like the food you eat at home, because if you EXPECT it then yes you鈥檙e going to be disappointed. I consider myself pretty picky eater, I don鈥檛 like to try new and different things at all and I was able to find something everywhere I went to fill the void. Not saying is was the best or best tasting, but I was able to find enough to satisfy myself. It鈥檚 not that the food was gross I didn鈥檛 think it was gross it was just not what I am used to eating and you鈥檙e going to get that anywhere you go no matter what. The Steak house and Seafood restaurant are additional fees to eat at we didn鈥檛 eat at either one of these, heard good things about the steak house, but didn鈥檛 hear anything about the seafood.American restaurant was probably my favorite and I heard from TONS of reviews that this was peoples least favorite. The ribs WERE THE BEST they fell right off the bone, we went back again the next day to try a ribeye and for the D.R. it was pretty decent it didn鈥檛 taste like leather so that was a plus. I think there are definitely some things on there menu I can see not being so good. They have burgers and fries pretty decent as well.Mexican restaurant was my next favorite, I pretty much ate everything chicken while I was there it was a little dry, but was better then they beef was the beef at the Mexican place was tough. Don鈥檛 get the burrito unless it鈥檚 chicken I got the fajitas and those were really good the chicken ones.Dominican restaurant called La Casa I was kind of worried about this place, but my husband had beef tips that were to die for very tender with gravy and mashed potatoes VERY GOOD, I had the chicken of course it was good.Italian restaurant was probably my least favorite I had chicken here as well, but wasn鈥檛 that great, my husband had eggplant lasagna not a fan of eggplant (tried it didn鈥檛 like it)We didn鈥檛 eat at the Caribbean restaurant at the beach so no feedback for them.Buffet you can eat breakfast, lunch and dinner the flyer you get for opening times is incorrect lunch doesn鈥檛 open until 12:00 so prepare yourself if you don鈥檛 make it to breakfast before 10:30 am. You can also each lunch on the beach at the beach restaurant I did not like this lunch at all and heard that from several other people as well not good at all and not nearly the selection. Mike鈥檚 coffee shop is the best place ever anything and everything you want from coffees to cocoa鈥檚. We went there almost every night for great cheesecake that I heard from previous reviews which was very true.By the way guys all these restaurants required long pants for guys and a shirt that covers your shoulders. The American restaurant however you can wear shorts the buffet you can wear whatever, but you have to have shirt and some type of pants. I don鈥檛 think guys can even wear sandals in the restaurants but I think they are pretty flexible on that. We always stopped into the sports bar before dinner for a drink they have a pool table, you can get late night food there they are open until 6 in the morning.ExcursionsThis was a big question that I had was what were the excursions like and what should I do etc. etc. If you book with Apple they will go over all the excursions with you and tell you what they recommend. They will also stir you away from going with other companies that are located in the lobby, as Apple is in Villa 5 which is where they live while they work. I spoke with one couple that went through Coco tours and they were able to barter for the prices on the trips and had a great time and great experience. Apple is a set price no bartering. We went on the Outback Safari it鈥檚 the #1 trip taken through apple and well worth it. You get to see the country side, meet the people, see families, see a house they live in, go shopping like they do, go swimming on a different beach boogie boarding and learn lots of great things I LOVED IT! We also booked the Marianium tour to swim with the sharks and stingrays and had to cancel, but heard it was a great time and enjoyed by all. On the last day we did the James Bond Speedboats this trip was good, but not sure if it was worth the money or not. It鈥檚 a lot of messing around and waiting for everyone before you go it鈥檚 hard to organize so many people and the snorkeling was really crowded until people got spread out. It was fun speed boating out and the snorkeling was nice, but not as nice as St. Lucia I didn鈥檛 think, you only get to snorkel for like 45-60 minutes make sure you take water with you, you don鈥檛 get anything to drink until you get back on the snorkeling boat. I heard Catalina island was a GREAT trip, but a 2-hour drive to get back, but worth it apple doesn鈥檛 offer this one, they offer the Sonoma island one which I heard was good times as well.SicknessEveryone seems to be so worried about getting sick when they get there, just a couple tips that I knew of myself also heard from others that are worth possibly trying. Yogurt has acidoliphis in it and is good bacteria for your stomach, each a yogurt everyday before you go for a week and while you are there that will help keep your immune system up with good bacteria, also don鈥檛 drink the water out of the tap in your room. You will have plenty of bottled water to brush your teeth with. The ice from the bar is purified and the water in the restaurants is from big purified jugs so it鈥檚 ok to drink as well. Food don鈥檛 try things if you don鈥檛 know what they are, don鈥檛 eat raw foods, or anything that you know won鈥檛 sit well with you. If you like to experiment with foods and such, you maybe experimenting with getting sick as well. There is a dr. right at the resort if you do get really sick and need to see one. They also have misc. medicine in the gift shop that you can purchase if you need to. It鈥檚 like $10 or so, but worth it if you don鈥檛 have any. They also have lots of other misc. things in the gift shop food and such is not cheap $5 for Pringles and $2 for candy bar and $2 for pop. $5 for a bag of Doritos I think. There other gift items were not prices that bad at all I didn鈥檛 think.ShoppingLike I stated you can purchase things at the gift shop which are not that badly priced or just happen that Ocean Blue is right next door to a big shopping area on the beach. Everyone else has to walk to us to get the shopping on the beach as they don鈥檛 have any other beach vendors North or South for a while so that was nice. We didn鈥檛 have to walk very far which was nice and got things at really good prices. They always start off really high, but you can always talk them down at least half if not more, sometimes they more you buy the better price you get. We got t-shirts for $6.50 each 100% cotton. Lots of things to choose from, their art is really cheap too I thought. Big painting for like $60 for forget the gift shop sometimes you can actually get things there cheaper surprising. Vendors will come on Friday night as well and set up by the lobby, they have pretty much the same stuff, not sure how much cheaper they are though as we didn鈥檛 buy anything from them. You can also take a taxi down to the plaza for $6 one way and go shopping. I heard it鈥檚 a really pushy place though and really hard to get through without buying something, prices were pretty much the same as on the beach even though they start out a lot higher then the beach vendors do. We were going to go, but when we found out the vendors are even more pushy and rude we changed our mind and go everything we needed on the beach. Since we went on the Outback Safari we were able to buy a lot of things on that as well rum, coffee, brown sugar, mamajuaina and such. They will explain mamajauina to you when you are there if you go on the trip. It鈥檚 some strong stuff, but helps in everyway according to them. Try to get as much as you can before you go to the airport as you can purchase things at the airport that you may have forgotten, but the prices are higher.They do have a small Harrison jewelry shop there and a cigar shop as well.I got a massage at the spa while I was there it was really nice the spa is wonderful and has LOTS of things to choose from.Like all the others have talked about I did not like the Royal sells reps that stand in front of the buffet, they will try to sell you a timeshare or tell you to make sure you book directly through the hotel next time and not through apple they will give you a better price etc. They will give you a gift if you sit and listen to them as some people we met listened to them for 2 hours and got two free lobster dinners on the beach. I never had any troubles with them as they did stop us once but we were on our way to our excursion and told him we didn鈥檛鈥?have time. As when I was by myself they didn鈥檛 bother me, but when I was with my husband they tried to stop us and I would just tell them no time can鈥檛 talk and they would leave me alone so we were pretty lucky with that.EntertainmentThere is not a whole lot to do at night, the pool closes at 7 which I thought was really really early, however it gets dark down there at 7ish so that makes sense as there is no lifeguards on duty. So after 7 you can eat dinner entertainment starts in the lobby at 8 with a great sacs phone player then the main entertainment doesn鈥檛 start until 10 which a disco starting at 11. I can鈥檛 ever stay up that late so we only made it to one show at 10 and it was decent they just dance around in costumes. If you鈥檙e up late it鈥檚 something to do, if not no big deal.You get one free game of bowling when you check in as we never stepped foot in there you can also go there for entertainment before or after dinner as well. Upstairs you can play pool or foosball again we never even went in there.The beachThe beach was absolutely FABULOUS we spent most of our week on the beach, there is a bar on the beach, we took our insulated mugs like others requested and fill it with water while we swam after a couple big mugs of water we hit the booze which kept them nice and cold. There are places for shade, but since we were there during a none peak time it was really easy to find shade and places for shade by the pool with an umbrella there is not a lot of shade by the pool unless you have an umbrella. We had lots of sun and fun without any problems. The sand was nice white soft powder and we didn鈥檛 have the seaweed like other resorts did, however we didn鈥檛 have a lot of high waves either so you take it or leave it. If you have high waves then you will have lots of seaweed if you don鈥檛 you won鈥檛, so you take the bads with the goods as my husband likes the high waves and I hate the seaweed, so I lucked out and he didn鈥檛, but it was still fine we had some waves.We didn鈥檛 have any troubles with our room we tipped the maid everyday and tipped all the servers, waiters, bartenders etc. We brought $50 in 1鈥檚 and ran out fast I would recommend $100 in 1鈥檚. As these people only make $200 a month, you will learn a lot of these if you go on the Safari and ask lots of questions.Our room did smell a little damp, but it鈥檚 hot and humid what do you expect, the beds are a little hard, but could be worse. There are only 6 ocean view rooms so don鈥檛 expect that and that鈥檚 only if you get an upgrade and get lucky enough to get one. 6 on Ocean Blue side and 6 on Ocean Sand side with 4 out of the 12 being the honeymoon suites.One other thing about this resort is big and you have to do a lot of walking to and from places this is something I didn鈥檛 like especially if I was tired. As they have a tram that comes around, but you have to wait for it and if you hit it at the right time it鈥檚 great, but if not you could wait for 10-20 minutes at times if they had 2 of them it would be better, ones not enough especially during peak times of the day and night. I can鈥檛 image during peak times at the resort I would think it would be hard to get a ride as it was at times when we were there and it wasn鈥檛 even peak time.Well I think I had better end there after 5 pages I think that鈥檚 long enough I am sure I missed something, but you can email me if you have any further questions.Hay2u2@avalon.netOverall I LOVED this place would definitely recommend it I would rate the resort at 41/2 star, emailed with any questions or things I might have missed.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chebel
<Content>Beautiful Resort  We just returned from our trip to the Dominican Republic today. I wanted to write my review today, while the trip is still very fresh on our minds. I used this website as a basis to planning my trip, and I want to possibly be of help to someone else out there trying to plan their trip. There are many good reviews, so I will try not to duplicate information. I will focus on a few important factors of my Neutral/Average overall experience rating:1) Resort - Excellent. This resort is beautiful and unique -- very nice -- definitely a 5-star. The lobby is absolutely stunning. HOWEVER, the hot-water pressure is almost none, especially after 5:00 pm when everyone is heading in to clean up for dinner. We were going to call for service, but we heard that this was a problem for other people staying there as well. This is primarily why our rating is only Neutral/Average because when you go to a 5-star resort, you would expect at least a warm/hot shower.2) Room - We stayed in Villa 6 (facing the large pool). GREAT view of the pools and the ocean. However, this villa is the furthest away from the restaurants, lobby, theater, etc. Basically if you want an ocean view you will sacrifice the convenience of being close to everything else. You choose. They do have a trolly that comes through regularly, however, we always seemed to miss it by only a few seconds! The walk from our room to the restaurants/lobby takes approx. 5-7 minutes if you're strolling.3) Service is Above Average - the entire staff was very friendly and was as helpful as possible. Since our trip was off-season, the resort wasn't very full, so we didn't have to make reservations at the restaurants, and we did not have to wait.4) Beach is Above Average - Water color is aqua. Very pretty beach - - the water was mostly still and quiet. Small waves (not good for boogie boarding). A lot of other resorts in the area have larger waves (Secrets for one), which is a plus for boogie boarding, but in some cases, we were told that they had red flags posted most of the time. The one thing I was expecting at the beach was a waiter/waitress walking around, but there was not one. There is a beach bar just a few steps away however. 5) 2 Pools - both are very big, and beautiful. Swim-up bar at each. The pool closest to the beach is the lively one. 6) Activities - On Fridays the vendors come onto the resort, which was a better experience than Plaza Bavaro in our case. There is a bonfire beach party on Saturday evening. There are shows at the theater every night (not great, but not too bad either). Then the other option is the Disco Tech. We were disappointed, however, that there was no live Caribbean-style music at the resort. This is our first time on an island-vacation, and could not believe that there was no live music outside anywhere! There was a jazz musician in the lobby one night, but again, we can hear that style of music anytime in Missouri.7) Excursions - We went on the Outback Safari tour - which is highly recommended and worth the money spent. It is as close as you can get to a true Dominican-country experience. We also went on the Saona Island tour - - BEAUTIFUL Caribbean sea experience (turquoise and aqua water), also HIGHLY recommended. The catamaran ride was a LOT of fun, and you get Merengue lessons by the local girls! 8) Food - Above Average. Very good in most cases. Buffet was very good. We do not recommend their pizza and the American hamburgers are only so-so. Mike's Coffee Shop - excellent coffee! Love Dominican coffee. Drinks - most of the drinks were very sweet - too sweet for our taste (and no 'umbrellas'!). The Bloody Mary from Route 66 was pretty good. The house beer, Presidente, is good. Also, much to our surprise and dismay, this particular resort does not stock Corona! They do have Presidente, Budweiser (great, since we're from St. Louis!), and Heineken.9) Departure/Check-Out - Easy process, but BE SURE the bellhop picks up your bags (our bags were not picked up as we were told, and about 5 minutes prior to our shuttle leaving for the airport, we realized that our luggage was not with everyone else's, so they had to make a quick emergency trip back to our room to get them). Keep an eye on your luggage at all times to make sure it goes with you!A COUPLE RECOMMENDATIONS:** Learn a few basic Spanish phrases/words prior to your trip AND ** Read the Punta Cana The New Travel Tips Magazine (approx. 80 pages). There are a lot of helpful hints in this magazine (top tours, learn to haggle, helpful Spanish phrases, etc.)  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>LeeRN123
<Content>I wanted to stay and live here forever I have been reading the reviews here a long time and went to the resort with mixed feelings and lots of things, like my own face cloths, toilet paper, benadryl, motrin, lomotil, sunscreen, sunburn cream with aloe and lots of batteries and toothpaste. We needed the lomotil at the end and the sunscreen and sunburn cream but the rest could have stayed home. We loved everything. The lomotil incident was my own fault. We went to the Saona Island excursion and had lunch on the beach and ate the salad. I think that is where we went wrong. Hubby got sick the next day and I the following.The resort is clean, the ocean is beautiful, the pools are wonderful. All the workers are friendly, but a little Spanish helps!I had my hair braided. I wanted braids from the part in my hair down and wound up with corn rows. Not bad, in fact, it looked cute. But it wouldn't have happened had I remembered more of my high school Spanish.The dinner at El Bucanero on the beach was the best! We had two Carribean lobster, shrimp and conch in rice. It was wonderful. And romantic.We upgraded and had everything we asked for instantly. We had a problem with bugs but reported it and they sprayed EVERYTHING. Can't ask for more than that. There was low lighting in the room and I did take a humidity jar with scent from Bed, Bath and Beyond and it helped some with moisture. Just go, relax and enjoy. They serve you like you are a king (or queen) and they try to make it a pleasant vacation. They succeeded for us, and we cannot wait to return to Ocean Blue. Hola Senor, Hola Senora.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stacie628
<Content>A good time We stayed at Ocean Blue from September 17 - 24 and overall we had a great time. Since the reviews vary so widely, we weren't sure what to expect. When we first arrived, we were given a room with two double beds, even though we had requested a room with a King. We had to stay in the original room for the first night, but we were moved to a King room on the Ocean Sand side on our second day. We didn't have any trouble being moved and had no trouble with our room. We kept forgetting to leave a tip for the maid earlier in the week, but we didn't have any trouble with fresh towels or drinks in the room. We left $20 at the end of the week. Although tipping is optional, we did bring singles and tipped the waitstaff and bartenders. Since the resort was not very full, we didn't have any trouble with getting into any of the restaurants or getting drinks quickly. All drinks were made strong, although maybe a bit too strong at times. We didn't have this problem, but friends we made on the trip told us to be sure to ask for your alcohol of choice by name - you might start out with Stoli and cranberry, but end up with cheap vodka and cranberry by the end of the night.We found the food to be just ok and we enjoyed the buffet more than the restaurants. We ate at the Italian, Mexican, and American restaurants and the Mexican was probably the best out of all of them. I'd read bad reviews on the Italian place but heard from another guest that it was good. I don't know what they ordered, but the lasagna I ordered wasn't very good. We read so many good reviews about Mike's, but we found there to be a strange taste to the milk so we ended up choking down black coffee by the end of the week. We enjoyed the poolside buffet night and the Chinese night - the stirfry was amazing! The crepes were also quite good.We booked through a small travel agent and we didn't have a tour contact in the lobby so we booked two tours at the hut on the beach (where you pick up the towels). We did the ATV tour, which was a lot of fun and the Tropical Storm snorkeling/boat trip. I would recommend both. We also went to Don Lucas for cigars and enjoyed that as well. We paid $20 for a taxi to take us there and back. The rest of the time we just spent lounging on the beach and at the pool. We didn't have any issues with having to go out early to get a spot.Our biggest complaint was the Royal vultures that hung around trying to push the timeshare deal. It was extremely annoying and I would prefer not to have to deal with that kind of pushiness while on vacation.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>tidobandito
<Content>What else do you need? Wow! What a great time we had. Light tropical breezes playing with our hair as we lay on chairs reading and looking at the blue-green turquoise water. We swam and ate and drank ourselves into nirvana each day without a care. Our biggest delima each day was which bathing suit to wear. Yes, the electric was out for a time, the shower ran cold a couple of times so we filled our jaccusi tub with it and drank champagne and talked and laughed at ourselves. The place was 1/4 full so we never had to wait for anything and so what if we did. We were there to relax and that we did perfectly. The staff was incredible as well as the maid service. Our bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on away from home. The decor was contemporary and artful. This was our 3rd trip to D.R. and Ocean Blue is truly a place I would visit again and again. Don't sweat the small stuff, you have waited for this vacation. ENJOY!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OceanBlueandGolf
<Content>Nothing but the best!!!!! My fiance and I stayed at Ocean Blue Golf and Beach Resort from September 24 to Oct. 01, 2006. My trip was absolutely stunning; I cannot imagine what six star (six apple) is like. My fiance and I were more than satisfied with everything that this resort had to offer. I'll make some comments below:1) ALL the employees were very friendly. The bartenders, the waiters, the front desk personnel, etc. Absolutely no complaints in this department. The service was great.2) Our room was very clean and the AC worked great (I actually wished I brought a long sleave to sleep in, because we kept it pretty cold). There was no need for the Febreze that everyone kept mentioning to bring. We stayed in Villa 3, in room 3301. Villa 3 is in the middle of the resort, and although you do not see the pool, it IS on the pool side. If you are going to spend any time on the beautiful balcony, I suggest staying at the top floor since the view is spectacular. Everyone mentiones staying on the first floor, like it's such an inconvenience to walk up two flights of stairs. I would bring some paper if you would like to leave the maid a note (i.e. me pude dar por favor mas cervezas, with a buck or two). You'll also need a pen, in case you forget one.2 a) Something about where to stay... I do agree that being on the pool side is better than the other side, which practically has no view. However, this big deal about being in the middle of the resort is balogne, if I may say. Yes, we were in the middle, but that doesn't mean that villa 1 is fifty miles away from the pool or the beach. People, IT IS NOT THAT FAR. I kept reading about staying in the middle, that I actually wanted to count the number of steps between the beginning of the pool to the beginning of the main couryard where the restaurants are. Okay, ready??? There are 400 of my steps. It is really no big deal, really. If you are older, or have health problems, I can understand if you are inclided to stay at a certain part of the resort.3)The restaurants. There was never a wait at all. The food, was very good. We had no complaints. In fact, we went in having low expectations, especially of the Italian restaurant. In fact, I avoided that restaurant until my third night, because of the reviews I read. It was absolutely delicious. I ate once after midnight at Overtime Sports Bar, and my burger was like my burger in Jr. High. Hey, what do you expect if you want to eat after 12? If you have the munchies, there're nothing better than a little burger and some good liquor.4)Pools. Gorgeous. I did wake up at seven every day to reserve our spots under an umbrella. I am totally against this, but instead of getting sunburned I decided to play by everybody's game.5) Beach. Very clean, no seaweeds, as some people mentioned. The water is WARM. You just walk in like it's a bathtub. Incredible!!! There were a lot of topless grandmas, which was by far the most discusting thing i've ever seen. I wish I can understand this whole topless thing. Why does a sixty year old need to show off their sagging breasts anyway?6) The Grounds. Very clean, and beautiful. Nothing more to say.Our weather was perfect. We didn't purchase any hurricane insurance, and i'm glad I didn't. It only rained two times in the middle of the night. The high was 92 (not including the heat index), and the low in the low 80s. We were very lucky.There were very few people at the resort during our first five days there. I believe this had a very significant factor in some of the bad comments people leave about the service overall. I can imagine of there are a bunch of drunk people being rude, that the staff could give them an attitude. I can also understand how you could wait a long time for the restaurants if the resort if booked. It was great without lots of people around. It was like we were on some private resort with only a few people.Once again, I cannot imagine what a six star resort is like. I hope this reviewed helped.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trinidad33
<Content>"Mini" Getaway Great resort lots to do, just got back yesterday ,if you are a coffee lover, be sure to have any one of the coffees available at Mike's Coffee Bar. The on-resort Dominican restaurant, La Casa, is very good - Men: BE SURE to wear long pants when going there for dinner - you WILL NOT get in without them (I tried)! Shirt must have collar and bring Leather sandals, shoes or even sneakers for you feet. NO FLIPFLOPS in LA CASA ! For all the adventureous people, take a day trip to the safari get to meet the locals. The Marinarium trip (swim w/sharks,rays, fish) is great. Also remember...It's the islands!! relax and enjoy! don't expect a personal maid or butler, a little spanish helps - you're not in Kansas anymore Toto ,so make an effort to learn something about the place you're visiting. Souveniers are plentiful and the vendors do make bargains, so you should be ready to deal. No need to exchange U.S. dollars for Peso's...rate is not worth it. Suggest bringing 50 U.S.one-dollar bills for tips (maid,waitstaff,shuttle drivers).Tipping is NOT required...It's up to you, we did tip cause the people serving you are not making a lot of money by any standard. You'll find that folks will go out of their way to help you learn a little bit extra too! The only complaint we had is that our room was damp all the time and the floors were wet but - we made the best of it. Overall: Great Time. (tip: don't waste time laying around in your room! get up early and get out to see the resort/surrounding area). Suzette and GregBaltimore, MD USA  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adabada79
<Content>A great hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Blue from September 1st until the 8th. Pros: Let me begin by saying that our flight and transportation to the hotel were timely and well organized. We arrived to the hotel and were greeted by friendly staff who right away offered us drinks and performed a welcoming dance. The hotel is very clean and the grounds are beautiful. We stayed at Villa #4, and that was the best location, because it was in the middle between the restaurants and the beach. Our room was pristine. The bathroom is beautiful. Our balcony looked out at the pool and the beach, so the view was breathtaking. The staff at the hotel was very friendly. We never had trouble getting drinks or service of any kind. The pool was enourmous and very well thought out. The beach was beautiful. Cons: I have to say are that the food was mediocre. The buffet was just alright. I mean, you never go hungry, but it just wasn't that great. Then again, we're from the new york area and get spoiled by the food here. The other con is that the pressure in the shower was very low and the hot water would run out as you're in the middle of taking a shower. When we called the front desk, a repairman came right away, but the hot water would still run out. The pressure got better during the week, when the hotel did not have as many locals for the weekend. Overall, we loved our vacation!! For the price, it was well worth it. We'd absolutely go back!!!!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BeachBum3131
<Content>Ocean Blue Punta Cana Excellent Booked 3 night Apple Vacation over Labor Day. Ocean Blue was excellent. Extremely clean and beautiful. Beach is gorgeous. Food is good and they serve topshelf liquor. No complaints. Would recommend to family and friends.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>monkey_brat
<Content>Ocean Blue/Sands Rawks! First off I have read alot of bad reviews about this place. I don't know where those people where staying ... really I don't. Ocean Blue/Sands is a beautiful wonderful resort. The staff is wonderful, we never had any problems getting drinks, food or service of any kind. Maybe it is because we upgraded, but hey ... like everything in life 'you get what you pay for'. Being part of the elite club is first class all the way. We tipped our maid a few bucks + some candy every day and we had plently of booze/drinks, towels and fresh fruit every day. They even come by in the evenings to see if you need anything else. Also with the upgrade you can make reservations for the restaurants so you don't have to wait in line. As for the food it all looked good but unfortunatly the heat was making me sick so I didn't have much of an appetite while there. My family enjoyed everthing though. The Dominican and the Italian were our favorites. As for activities we did the ATV riding and Parasailing. I highly recomend both. The ATV tour takes you though the local villages so you can see how the people there really live. It is an eye opening experience. The final stopping point for the ATV tour is at the beach. This is the most beautiful beach I have ever seen in my life, it truly is a wonderful trip.If you have any questions about the resort or the activities feel free to email me at littlemonkeybrat@yahoo.com  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>naskapi
<Content>Okay, but not fantastic. I just returned from a week at Ocean Blue. This was my tenth trip to the Dominican Republic, fourth time to Punta Cana. I have stayed in a variety of resorts, from a 3 star to a 5 star. This resort I would have to rate between a 3.5 and 4 star resort. I stayed from August 26th to September 2nd, with 3 other adults. Here is a brief overview of the main aspects of the resort.Reception- Check in and check out was very quick and the reception staff is extremely friendly and helpful. One of our rooms needed a tv remote and a new shower plug and they had a service man come and deliver it within 30 minutes. They all spoke almost perfect English, but tried to teach us a couple of Spanish things too.Rooms- The rooms were ok, this is where I would say the resort was only 3.5 stars. They seemed pretty run down for only being about 2 years old. The lighting is horrible. We had a room that faced the service road of our hotel and the neighboring hotel, and it wasn't loud at all. The bathrooms were ok, a lack of water pressure and hot water at certain times of the day. The safe is free, which is a bonus because it usually costs $30 for the week.Restaurants- The a la carte restaurants were by far the best places to eat. The food at the main buffet was usually cold and not that much variety compared to a 4+ star resort. The beach buffet for lunch was really good, and it was always warm. It usually had the same thing every day, but I have a lot of food allergies so that was ok with me. I always found something to eat without having to worry about my allergies. We were there at a slow time of year, so there weren't any large line-ups for dinner ever. I found that most people didn't go for dinner until after 8pm though. Service- The staff at this resort are amazing! All of the waiters/waitresses that we spoke to were exceptional. Most of them spoke quite a bit of English as well, and if they didn't they would go get someone to translate. I have never had such good service from the wait staff before. This was the best part of the trip. The bar staff was fantastic as well. They always knew who was next in line, and made sure that everyone was served promptly. I don't think we ever waited more than 2 minutes to get a drink. Our maid was very friendly. We left her either money or a little gift everyday and she would usually chase us down the hallway to say hello and thank you. Even the staff that clean the grounds were very well spoken and friendly. Pools- The pools here were the best that I have seen in terms of the size and depth. They both had swim-up pool bars and a few land areas in the middle that you could swim around. The only problem here was that they didn't seem very clean, and they were starting to fall apart as well. Again, odd to see at a 2 year old resort. There were always plenty of loungers at any time of day. Beach- Again the beach area had plenty of loungers with shade, all day long. The beach at our resort seemed to be the cleanest, not much seaweed washed up on to shore. There were 2 bars on the beach to get drinks and bottled water. Activities- The animation staff was not that active throughout the day. They would announce activities and then that was it. Sometimes the activities would run, and sometimes they wouldn't. The animation staff was never there on time, so nothing ever started when they said it would and they didn't try to get people to participate. Most times they would walk by and not even say hello. The shows at night appeared to be done fairly well, using the same animation staff that they had during the day. Maybe it just took the day for them to wake up, or there boss was only there at night. Not sure, but I definitely did not think they were up to a 4 star resort. All in all, this was an okay resort. I don't think that I would go back to this resort because I have been to other resorts for the same price that were a far superior resort. The other thing that really bothered me about this place was that on the weekends, there were quite a few people that would come from an island near-by (not Dominican's) that would invade the resort. These people were so rude and pushy that even the bar staff and the wait staff were visibly annoyed. A major annoyance for the days that they were there. Any questions, feel free to email me.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>khagan
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful for a Honeymoon We stayed at this resort Aug 21--27. We were there for five full days which is more than enough time to relax and have a good time. The airport is a little different. It is like one big tiki hut that is all open air. When you get there you take your picture with two ladies who are all dressed up. Then you go through a line where you have to buy a visitor's visa for $10. Then you go through customs. Once you are done there you are able to find your transportation. There are tons of locals who try to help carry your bags. You don't have to let them but ours was really good. He knew right where to go and pushed us to the front of the line so we didn't have to wait for anything. The drive to the resort isn't the most scenic. You are in a third world country and poverty is everywhere. Once you enter the resort it is like a totally different country. We went to check-in and then were taken to the Elite Club because we had a deluxe room package. I highly suggest upgrading if you get the chance. It is well worth it. The lobby has a huge bar that has live music every night. Nothing too special. Just a guy playing his keyboard and someone else playing the saxophone. It is nice to listen to though. If you are in the elite club you have special access to another bar that has premium liquor. You also have the following things included: two 30 min massages, an hour of motorized watersports everyday, one game of bowling, horseback riding, and 30 mins on a catamaran. There are 9 different places to eat. Two of which require an extra supplement. With the elite package, you get to choose one of these places for free. We choose El Bucanero. Had a fabulous lobster dinner which was delicious. Our room was great. We had two queen size beds. There was also another small bar with different liquors that were free. There was a mini fridge that was filled with soft drinks and water. The bathroom had a jacuzzi and a seperate shower. The tub had a shower attachement which I used a few times. It takes a long time for the tub to fill up though. There were plenty of the commodity items such as toothpaste, toothbrush, body wash, lotion, and mouthwash. There was also a mending kit and shoe polish kit. There is also a small coffee pot. Everyday you also receive a daily fruit platter if you are in your room at the time of delivery. The fruit is great because it is fresh. The room service is free. You don't have to tip anyone if you don't want to. We tipped people who did things for us such as room service, carried bags, things like that. The room service is pretty good. Nice for in the morning instead of going to the buffet. The places to eat are all very good. We only missed one which was an italian place. I'm sure it was good though. The Mexican place was the best one next to the El Bucanero. The buffets are good too except they have the same thing everyday for lunch and breakfast. They have a different main buffet each night. There is a posting each day of the events going on at the resort. They showed the Lion King one night at the theater while we were there. There are two huge pools each with a swim up bar. There is a bar at the beach too. There are a ton of small shops on the beach. Be prepared to bargain and don't pay what they quote you at. don't buy anything at the hotel giftshop unless it is medicine or something like that. You can get all of it at the beach ones. I would suggest taking all medicines needed for if you get sick: cold medicine, flu, anti-diarrhea, bug spray, itch lotion, motion sickness, sunscreen. The sun isn't any hotter than normal. I would say Florida is hotter than here. There was a constant breeze so it was never hot. There is plenty of shade around to lay out in if you want. The beaches are great. White sand and very clean. I would definitely suggest this place for anyone wanting to relax. The only things that bothered me were the other vacation people who solicit you and not getting a corkscrew for the wine in the room. I was very happy with everything. Get to the airport at least 2 hours when you are ready to leave. It takes forever.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>caribb
<Content>Who Could Ask For More!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Linda,Tony, Adam  We spent 2 weeks at the Ocean Blue Golf and Beach Resort and we had a great time!!!!! I have been to Punta Cana 5 times and I am a Travel Agent. I found the resort to be one of the best so far. I'll keep it as short as possible although I can go on and on with positive comments. The restaurants were great, plenty of food choices, the staff exceptional, from DUKE Wellington Sanchez from Guest Relations who went out of his way for us, the reception staff were amazingly helpful and accomodating,Carlos, who brought us drinks at the beach ,MIke's Coffee, what an amazing idea for an all inclusive. I'm a big coffee drinker and this outdid Starbucks,the pools,beach and rooms were beautiful and clean,the service was excellent,the restaurants and reception area were air conditioned which is unlike some of the other resorts we've stayed at,it was refreshing,the Apple Reps were humorous, helpful and fun,Hats off to Raphael, Luis and Isabella, the resort although fairly large had everything centrally located which was nice. Overall THUMBS UP!!!!!! to the staff and resort!!!!! Keep doing what your're doing!!!!! We'll be back!!!!!! I'll recommend this resort to others!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chrissie123
<Content>Paradise!!! Paradise...what more can I say.Everything was perfect - from the grounds to the people. Beach  Pools:Awesome!!! Pool Bars were great too!!! Food: Excellent - even the buffet. Mike's Coffee house is a must - the best coffee and pastries ever!!!Service: From the Maids to Servers - everyone was polite and courteous. Everyone always had a smile.If you want an enjoyable and relaxing holiday - Ocean Blue is the place to be.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Fourrundoll
<Content>Loved Ocean Blue We just returned from a week at Ocean Blue (myself, husband, 16-year old son, and 13-year old son) and had a great time. After reading alot of the other reviews we were a little leary and not sure what to expect. The airport there isn't much but then again you are only there for a few minutes. The tourist fee they hit you up for is ridiculous but you have to do what you have to do. Our luggage came out almost immediately and it was very easy to find our Apple representative. The ride to the Ocean Blue which was about 1/2 hour gave you a real insight of how the people truly live and we weren't really sure what to expect when we got to the resort. However, boy were we fooled. The resort was absolutely beautiful! It was like you were entering paradise off of a dirt road. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and our room was ready immediately. We were in Villa 5 which was a great location (close to the pool and beach) but a nice walk to the restaurants and buffet. We were on the top floor, at the end of the hall, all of the way in the back of the building so noise was definately not a problem for us. The room was not only huge but very clean and the bathroom was great. We had been warned that A/C was a problem but there were times it was freezing in the room and we actually had to turn down the A/C!! I am very peculiar when it comes to hotels and always travel with a can of Lysol but I was very comfortable in the room as far as cleanliness went. The room had a fridge that was constantly stocked with sodas, beer, and water and my husband tipped the maid $2 every few days so she'd keep it that way. Beach: The beach was beautiful and we never had a problem finding chairs. I had forgotten about warning my kids about the possibility of topless sunbathers and boy did they see some sights! The only complaint they had was that you could only go out so far which meant there were basically no waves. The banana boat wasn't running while we were there but my kids did enjoy something they called loco which was like a banana boat only you go 2 at a time and lay flat on a float pulled by the boat. My kids loved that. They also did kyacking one day and enjoyed that too.Pool: There were 2 pools with swim up bars. The only complaint here is that it was almost impossible to find a really frozen dacquiri or pina colada as it gets so hot I guess the machines have trouble keeping the drinks frozen (however in the buffet or main lobby this was never a problem and the drinks there were great). The only problem we had at the pool was finding chairs by an umbrella. There are not a lot of umbrellas so my husband went out early every morning and put towels on 4 chairs by an umbrella as he is very light skinned. The weather was beautiful and even though it called for rain somedays it sprinkled for 2 minutes and then either stopped or poured for 5 minutes and then that was it. All day long there are activities, games, and contests that the staff try to involve everyone in for the kids and adults.Staff: The staff was very friendly and accomodating and did their best to communicate if they couldn't speak English. We also had my son who has taken 4 years of Spanish who was able to communicate and interrpret for us also.Restaurants: The buffet by the pool had only limited options and we only tried that once which was fair. We preferred the main buffet for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and were always able to find something good to eat (although the hamburgers were a little on the weird side). We didn't try the Dominican Restaurant because it didn't seem appealing. I thought the Mexican restaurant wasn't bad, but my husband and kids didn't enjoy it at all. The Italian restaurant was very good also. We didn't try the steak house because we were leary about having to pay for a steak and the possibility of not enjoying it (although the steaks on the buffet were not bad at all). Route 66 was not good at all. None of us enjoyed our meal and as a matter of fact we all went to the buffet for dinner after leaving the restaurant. The only problem with the restaurants is that they don't take reservations and sometimes you can wait forever. We found that if we were there when they opened their doors at 6:15ish it was not a problem. We particuarly enjoyed the Gala Buffet which was held in the kitchen where you actually walk through the kitchen to get your food.Casino: The casino is small but then again we are not the biggest gamblers so the black jack tables were just fine for us the 2 nights we went in.Bowling Alley: We really enjoyed the bowling but there too depending what time you get there depends on how long your wait will be. We actually went towards the end of the week around 8:00 after dinner and didn't have that long of a wait. The kids enjoyed the pool tables and fooz ball and air hockey upstairs and many nights we went back to the room and they hung out there for a while.Night life: After dinner, other than walking around, if you are not a big drinker there's not really much to do. They do have shows every night but they were only fair (the staff performs a show every night).Excursions: We did the James Bond speed boats and the snorkling with the sharks and sting rays and really enjoyed both. The snorkling was amazing and the people with the excursions were very friendly and made sure you had a good time. The snorkling excursion with the sharks also included a semi-party boat but it was apprpriate for the kids too and they made virgin drinks for the kids. We really enjoyed both excursions.We were very careful not to drink any water from the tap. They tell you it's okay to brush you teeth in the room but just not to swallow the water. We didn't take any chances and used bottled water when we brushed our teeth. My younger son did have one day of light diarrhea but we really think it was from swallowing too much pool water the day before. Other than that, no one was sick at all.Would we go back? No, but not because we didn't enjoy it only because once you've seen it there's really no reason to go back when there are so many other places you can go and see. We definately give Ocean Blue a thumbs up.One more thing, there's a CD they always play at the pool that you can buy at the bowling alley. The songs will not only stick in your head the whole time you are there, but you'll find on the ride back to the airport many people on the bus from Ocean Blue will be singing the songs and on the plane too. We were sorry we didn't buy the CD before we left and if anyone who reads this does buy one (or has one) my kids would love it if you could download it and email it to us! (tjlorden@comcast.net)  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrashed12
<Content>A brief stay in a family Paradise When my son and future daughter inlaw cancelled their planned wedding in Punta Cana, my husband, my mom and I went anyway! We saw lots of extended family groups at the resort from many cultures during our visit. We so thoroughly loved our 4 day stay at Ocean Blue/Sands that we are planning a mini family reunion there in 2008. The staff were very friendly and attentive. The rooms were clean. The location was idyllic. The grounds were Disneyland clean. The beach at the resort had beautiful sand castle-making sand. You can always find times in the morning or even late afternoon when the two huge pools are not crowded. But if you like crowds, you can find them here too. The ocean water was warm and refreshingly clear and shallow for good way out for wading--and not crowded. I saw lots of activities at the beach during the day --parasailing, water skiing, motor boats trailing groups of kids on inflated catamarands, beachfront shopping, etc. Long early morning quiet sunrise walks on the deserted beach were the best. You can walk from one resort to the next along the beach, although you mainly see surf, sand, palms and lounge chairs. The resort buildings are set back from the beach and most are not many stories tall so as not to mar the tropical isle beach scenery. This was our first all inclusive resort. experience. We enjoyed the food. The buffet was best with a huge variety of options, attractively presented. Skip the Italian restaurant-lousy food. The coffee house, Mexican and Domican restaurants are OK, but if you want a varied menu and ice cream, stick with the buffet. We were mainly going for the rest and relaxation--and got it. The lobby/bar , a huge open air pavillion with marble floors--was a favorite hang out for my Mom-- nice music and great for people watching. We enjoyed the quad ride we arranged for a separate fee. It rained on the ride back from the quad rides, but the weather was pleasant during our July 28-Aug 2 stay. My one gripe were the multiple travel agent/vacation sales people who roamed the resort property hustling their services. Avoid them like the plague and you'll enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MustangBob
<Content>Potential to be great but standard of service lets it down badly We stayed in the Ocean Sand side but it all seems affected by the same lazy, incompetent management. There are too few staff who are willing enough but are badly organised. Service in the buffet is hopeless. The system for getting into the a la carte restaurants is poor - saw several confrontations between staff and guests. It needs a proper reservations system. We never had 1 day when we didn't have to phone housekeeping for towels for our room. Despite raising our problems with the tour company (First Choice/Signature) rep, Guest Services and the Houskeeping Manager we had just about enough stress and frustration after 1 week of a 2 week holiday and asked to be moved to another hotel; we were relocated for the 2nd week to the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana - a hotel we have stayed at before. We enjoyed excellent service from happy and efficent staff. In turn we could finally relax and enjoy the remainder of our holiday. This is how it should be - OK there was no bowling alley but there was no hassle from timeshare sharks either. We have been to plenty of large all-inclusive resorts in Dom Rep, Mexico (East and West), and Cuba - Ocean Sand/Blue is not one I can recommend. I know other reviewers have been happy here but I can only speak as i find.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>PuertoricanTraveler
<Content>Awesome I came from this hotel last week and I just can鈥檛 wait to go back. This hotel had everything a family will need to have fun. For starters, the food was incredible. Its have theme restaurants like American, Italian, Dominican and an amazing buffet located at the Carey and La Tortuga; this ones have a large variety of food to choose do to have 5 specialty areas such as Sea food counter , Italian , Chinese , Beef Deserts and Salads. In the middle they also have islands with international and Caribbean food. The rooms are large and have all the amenities that you might need including a safety box. A nice whirlpool is located at the bath to the ones to enjoy a relaxing time. If you like to have a nice view in your room balcony make your request prior arrival to the hotel. The pools were huge and have a deep of 4 to 5 feet in the middle, both have a pool bar with all kinds of drinks that you can get international and locally. The hotel staff will provide you with a lot of fun exercise all day. The beach are beautiful with white sand and lot shaded areas also have a beach restaurant that serve a nice buffet. The hotel staff was friendly but sometimes you have to wait. The bowling alley was so much fun!! But the bad thing was that you had to wait in place because there are just 6 lanes. Something I recommend is to use the hotel trolley since the hotel is HUGE and you have to walk a lot between villas. This due this complex it鈥檚 conformed by two hotel in one, at the right side the Ocean Blue Hotel and on your left side the Ocean. I recommend this hotel for family that teens I can鈥檛 wait to go back!!!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>starkkiss
<Content>July 25-Aug 1 Awesome! My family and family friends stayed at Ocean Blue and were pampered like queens, kings, princes, and princesses. Anyone who has complained about this place is either ultra picky or just likes to complain. I would recommend getting the upgrade for a few hundred more dollars per family because you get a few extra perks like the corner villa by the ocean and can walk out to the pool, but I am sure the other villas are just as beautiful. The only complaint the seven of us had was that we all had loose bowels. I'm just being frank. The people were wonderful and friendly and the lanuguage was rarely an issue if you were willing to try to communicate...remember, you are coming to their country, they try to speak english for you, you can at least try to communicate with them. I think that is the key to the whole adventure, you are going to another country. If you don't want to try new foods or speak to someone who doesn't know your language, then you should stay in your own country. A few words of advice: Take an insulated mug. I got three of them from Wal-Mart for 5.97 each they were 34 oz Bubba Kegs. The bartenders will fill them with whatever you want, and will add as much liquor as you tell them to, the lid keeps the sand out and drinks from spilling and they stay cold and last much longer than having the small dixie sized cups. Remember to tip your bartender and service staff. You don't have to, but when you see the huge white smile they give or get a firm hug or handshake, that small tip is well worth it. One night we has the best service we have ever had, even here at home. We were at the Itallian restaurant, but that doesn't matter because the same people work many different places, you see them morning, noon and night at three different locations. Anyway, after we had that wonderful service, we left the waiter 20.00. He came running out of the restaurant thanking us with a warm smile and huge hugs and handshakes. Would you ever see that in the states? I think the trip is what you make of it. My friend and I got involved in the daily activities and the pool staff got to know us. They lovingly began to refer to me as Jumpy and would greet me daily. There are beach games and water games, you just have to listen for Renaldo to invite you to participate. If you have teenagers, encourage them to meet other kids, it makes the trip much more memorable if they can hang out with kids their age and go to the disco or theatre together or hang out by the pool or play a game of volleyball. The grounds are secure and have guards posted at every entrance, even the beach at night. I never felt like I was not safe. Unless you have an Ocean Blue bracelet on(which you have to wear the whole trip) you don't get in. Other reviews have mentioned the flea market. It seems that they all start at 165.00 but I was able to get a necklace, bracelet, earrings, pendant, and small shell necklace for my daughter for 20 usd. The pieces you see at the flea market are not nearly the quality of the jewelry store, but not nearly the price either. Some venders are willing to negotiate and some are not. You will see nearly the same pieces at all of the stands, just walk away and go to the next one. I only had that problem one time. The hotel does bring in a group of vendors on Friday night. I got great deals at it and it was much nicer than going to the beach. Remember, they want your money so they are aggressive but don't let that bother you just have fun with it. I could go on and on about the place. We just loved it. If you have any questions, please feel free to e-mail me. I will be happy to answer them. starkkiss@adelphia.net  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarciaR
<Content>Hotel is pretty, but the service aint. Location and property is beautiful. Transportation to and from the hotel was excellent as the representative was informative and funny.Front desk personnel was good but never welcomed us to the hotel nor did they thank me for staying with them. Restaurant staff lacked in attention to detail. On several occasions service had to be requested when dining. Also on several occassions when entering the dining room dirty tables were not turned over quick enough to support the amount of guests entering. When a table was cleaned the tables missed utencils and napkins. They were understaffed for the amount of business. Food in the buffet was what you would expect at a cafeteria, substandard. Housekeeping actually did a good job and kudos to them. The hotel promotes rentals for beach activities, however they only have one sailboat/katamaran assigned to the property for all the guests.In addition, we went to the kids club only to be told that the outdoor activities was cancelled due to the person being on vacation for 3 days, haven't they heard of getting someone else to do the job? Finally, for the most part staff throughout the property lacked eye contact, a warm greeting and a smile one would expect of a 4-5 star property. I would not recommend this property to anyone because of service and food. The location and cleanliness has lots of potential. Its a shame because its a new and pretty property.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	1	3	

<Author>luvclearbluewater
<Content>This Is A Great Resort! Very Happy From South Carolina!       Having a drink at Margaritas  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pajillo
<Content>Great place to go! Ocean blue hotel is a lovely place to go. From the moment of your arrival you will notice that this place is above average. Lobby is tastefully decorated and clean. Check in was not as fast as I thought but did not have any problems. Rooms are big and comfortable. Obviously rooms smells musty, you are in the caribbean at 100% humidity, so that makes some sense. Just bring some air refreshener or fabreeze and that will solve your problem. The best part of the room was the batrooms. They were big and beautiful, with 2 sinks and jacuzzi in every bathroom. Maid service was excellent, specially when we left $1 and instructions for the maid. Pools were beautiful and calm, specially the one closest to the lobby. Food was good, but not great. Plenty of food at the buffets, you could find something good everytime. It is true that you have to get early to eat at the a la carte restaurant in order to get to the restaurants fast.. If you get there at 7 pm, you would have to wait approximately 2 hours to eat.. In order of preference I would rank the restaurants 1- Italian 2-Mexican 3-Dominican 4- American, although service here was the best... Bowling is the worst. The scoring computer seems to be having some sort of problems that makes your bowling experience a little bit dissapointing. Overtime sport bar is the best, specially when waiting for your table at the a la carte restaurant. Premium liquors and beers are available everywhere you just have to ask for them. Disco Wave is nice, not big, but nice music and nice enviroment. That's about it, hope you enjoy Ocean blue, and remember this... HOLA SE脩OR, HOLA SE脩ORA.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Mckeowns
<Content>fantastic We travelled from Ireland to Toronto and then went with a few friends to Ocean Sands/Blue for 1 week. 3rd July - 10th July.We met some amazing people there from Canada and America!Had amazing fun at the swim up bar most days!!!Most people have gone over most things about the resort so I will keep it short and sweet.We travel a lot throughout the year,Europe and afar! So we are well travelled.This hotel is very good and is very clean etc. Everything is still quite new. I would rate it 4.5* IThe resort is not too big and not too small. Everything is convienent to most of all the rooms. The beach is awesome, white,powdery cool sand. Lots of beds cabana's umberella's are around the resort and pool. Bars are awesome, all the resturants are very very good. Some people have said don't try this one etc. We tried them all and they where all very good. The buffets are excellent ,fresh food served and cooked infront of you if you wish. If anyone complains about the food here they are moaner's or they have got unlucky and ordered something they didn't like.The service is a bit slow, but hey you are on holiday, relaxing and it is Dominican remember, chill out and you will have an amazing time!Rooms, ask for a pool view! Villa 9 or 10 is best. Villa 10 is the Elite club and Honeymoon suites and they are mean't to be gorgeous! If you are into water sports,the fine resturants,nice rooms, horseback riding etc then upgrade to the Elite club, it is worth it, check it out!Entertainment: There is something for everyone at this resort. Always something going on if you want to get involved otherwise just sit and chill out overlloking the sunset on the beach or having a latte at Mikes coffee shop. The ten pin bowling and games complex is good fun.We did not go to the nightly shows but we heard they where very good.Go and have an awesome time! We did!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>KarlaZ
<Content>Nice and clean Hotel with the bad Customer Service in Reception area We stayed with our family at the Ocean Blue Bavaro from July 14th-18th. The hotel is new and installations were clean and nice. Food is OK not great, customer service from restaurant staff is very good despite they have too many tables to attend so you don't receive so much attention.Reception: The only negative I have to say is that the personnel over the reception is very impolite, not helpful at all. They lack of training in customer service. They disconnect your services like phone lines at midnight before your check out. Your room keys will not work the morning of departure...Installations: The beach is great, pool is OK. I am no impressed with this hotel, there are better options to choose from. Definitely will not go back.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	1	5	1	

<Author>Jimbo_Pittsburgh
<Content>A very nice, but not quite great, resort My wife and I stayed at the resort during the first week of July. It is a very large, clean and beautiful resort. There were a couple things that could've been better, but overall we had a very nice experience. Our weather was absolutely great every morning and afternoon as we basked in the sun. We had a couple very heavy showers during the evenings, but there are golf umbrellas provided in each room so the rain doesn't confine you to your room. Ocean Blue is a great place to go for a relaxing vacation.We booked the cheapest type of room and it was spacious and clean. We had slight problems with a sink, but there were 2 in the bathroom so it wasn't a big deal. Our hair dryer didn't work, but it was replaced after making 2 service calls. I was forced to take 1 cold shower, but otherwise the water temperature was fine. Our biggest complaint about the room was the dampness (even with the AC running) and the musty smell in the drawers, but we were in a tropical environment so we accepted it as a side effect. The beer was not restocked in the minibar unless requested, however there was always a good supply of bottled water and soft drinks. We stayed in Villa 3 and had a garden view. We thought it was the perfect location as it was directly between the restaurant/lobby area and the pool/beach area. It was a comfortable walk to either end of the resort, and it was very quiet being away from the busiest areas. We never once took the complimentary shuttle. Whichever villa you stay in, just make sure you have a garden or pool view.The beach was very nice and the water was very calm for swimming, though there was a bit of seaweed. There is a large roped off area for swimming. Small motor boats, banana boats and kayaks ride very close to the outer edge of the swim area, but it does not cause a problem for swimmers. The water activity building is there on the beach where you can take advantage of free non-motorized activities or pay a fee for motorized activities. The 1 or 2 seat kayaks are a nice was to enjoy the water as well as get a little exercise in. There are plenty of lounge chairs and also some shade available in the sand. There is a fairly large market area on the beach. Some vendors are pushy and some aren't. We looked through all the stores to see what we wanted and then bought everything at one place as deals tend to be better when buying multiple items. Start negotiations at 50% of the asking price and don't go too much higher. Walk away if you don't like the price and normally the vendor will call you back unless you're being totally unreasonable. Shopping is better late in the afternoon as business is slow and the vendors are willing to make good last minute deals before closing down. I ended up getting 3 items that were originally offered at $45 for a total of $23. The man called me cheap but he accepted it (don't take anything they say personally...they know how to market to suckers).The 2 pools are huge and very nice. The water is very warm. One pool (closer to the beach) is much louder than the other, so make sure you pick the right one for what you want. There are plenty of lounge chairs available for everyone, however if you are interested in one of the few with a shade umbrella, get out early to claim a spot. If we wanted shade we went out by 9:00 a.m. and usually got one of the last umbrellas available. Some people go out very early to claim spots and then disappear for quite a long time.The bars were OK. There were premium liquors available, though you usually had to request them. The draft beer was Presedente, though they seemed to have a couple other bottled brands hidden out of sight. The biggest problem we had was getting frozen drinks at the pool bars. It always took a little while for the liquids in the dispensers to freeze, and then when they did the drinks were gone very quickly. Many children drink virgin daquiries or pina coladas making the supply run short very quickly. You may have a better shot at a frozen drink near the lunch buffet just off the beach. The lobby bar had live entertainment for a few hours every night, and the crowd was comfortably large at most times. Drinks came much quicker when picking a specific bartender and tipping him after being served. The sports bar was probably the best bar, though the crowd didn't really build up until after 10:00 or 11:00 p.m. (it was open all night). If you want to get served quickly but don't mind being in a very small crowd, then go here earlier in the evening and you can get drunk very quickly while watching ESPN.The food was very average. The buffet was large enough to find enough good items to eat, but not much really stood out. The service was very slow in the crowded buffet, though if you asked for help most servers were friendly and helpful. There were not a whole lot of changes in the food from day to day, so you can easily get tired of eating there (make sure the men take long pants or else they will be forced to eat the buffet every day - all the other restaurants had a dress code for men). There is a lunch buffet at the beach with offerings such as pasta, hamburgers, hot dogs, pizza, chicken, fish, rice, beans, salads, fruits and ice cream. It wasn't great, but it got the job done. The 2 buffets are your only lunch choices. The full-service restaurants were nicer than the buffets, but they were too small for such a large resort. To get in on the first seating you normally had to be in line before 6:30. Tables weren't usually turned over very quickly, probably because the servers weren't working for tips, and we actually wotnessed a couple heated arguments between guests waiting for tables and the hosts. We tried the Dominican restaurant (there was an awesome soup there) and the Mexican restaurant (I've been to Mexico many, many times...this place had OK food, but the salsa  taco bar were excellent) before finally finding the hidden gem Caribbean Grill down on the beach. I'm not sure why it was so empty every night....maybe because it wasn't near restaurant row, or maybe people were turned off by the lunch buffet in the same location. We never had a problem getting a seat there, and the food was the best that we had. They had great chicken wings, great seafood, and a very good meat sampler platter. It was also nice eating in the open air by the beach. We did not try the 2 restaurants that you had to pay extra for (a seafood restaurant  a steak restaurant which were $35USD per person). We did not try the Italian restaurant (what would Dominicans know about Italian food??) and we did not try the American restaurant because we did not go to the D.R. to eat food we can easily get at home. The little coffee/pastry shop was nice, plenty of desserts  coffee choices as well as some newspapers in different languages, though it seemed as though this is where they put the employees who understood the least English. The only place to eat after 11:00 is the sports bar...don't expect much. Try the fish fingers...they looked like grocery store frozen fish sticks but tasted much better. There were a couple times when we could not get a real meal (we arrived our first day late in the evening and ready for dinner, but the only place we could eat between approximately 10 pm and 11 pm was the coffee shop. Also, there was about an hour later in the morning when there was no other food available, so be careful if skipping breakfast. I love good food and the Ocean Blue food situation is probably the only real area that could use big improvements. It's not bad food, but I'd like to have better than average food while on vacation. This is the main reason why I usually avoid all-inclusives.We took 1 tour...the Outback Safari. It was quite an experience. It's a bit expensive ($79USD pp), but it was a very welcome adventure. If you have a problem with hot weather, dusty roads and a bumpy ride you may want to consider something that involves an air conditioned bus ride, but if you want to experience a little of the real Dominican life, then take this tour. We saw beautiful scenery, a few different animals, many different food plants  trees, several small villages, and we got a lot of historical information from our excellent tour guide. We made a few stops including one where we toured a small house and got coffee samples, one where we had lunch and had a little time to relax and/or shop, and one farm where we sampled freshly roasted coffee, fresh cocoa, fresh fruits and also some mamajuana (a local alcoholic drink, not a drug). The end of the trip took us to a beach where boogie boards were provided. Pay attention to all the children who come out to wave to the truck as it passes by, and don't forget your camera. Beer, soft drinks and water are offered at no additional cost on the truck.I felt a bit ripped off upon checkout, and I'm not sure if it was a scheme or if it was an honest mistake. We had to check out at the front desk in order to get our travel ticket for our Apple Vacations transfer. The man at the front desk insisted that I made a long distance call from my room and would not give me a ticket until I paid it. I refused and he asked me to step aside and he seemed to have made a call to the manager. He then went on checking other people out. After about 10 minutes my bus was loading but the manager had never shown up. My choice was to either fight the charge and miss my bus or just pay the charge and be done with it. I paid the charge, got my ticket and headed out. If it was a ripoff by the clerk, hopefully he put it to good use. My advice would be not to wait until the last possible minute to check out just in case a problem arises.In conclusion, if I wanted another all-inclusive vacation in the D.R., I would probably return to this resort as the price was very reasonable, it was very clean and it was great for relaxation. The few problems were easy to get past (just think...you COULD be at work). No resort is 100% perfect, so don't let any of the bad expeiences you may have read about on this site deter you from going here. Just don't go expecting a New York-style 4 star hotel...you don't even get close to that in the Caribbean, maybe unless you pay an arm and a leg.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Beach_Bumz_4_ever_
<Content>Nice All Inclusive Resort We loved our 7 night stay at Ocean Blue. Our expectations were not high due to the fact that we did not pay much for this trip. The deal seemed to good to be true. We have been to Punta Cana 3 times in the past. We always stay at least a 5 star resort. Many people in other reviews posted complain about walking long distances to get to the buffetts, pool, lobby etc... We stayed in Villa 4 and were in the heart of everything. The walking did not bother us at all and we never took the tram. Request a room facing the pool side. (There is no view on the opposite side.) The pools are absolutely awesome! They are huge and both have swim-up bars. We had no trouble getting drinks or lounge chairs. Take insulated travel mugs with you, it is less trips to the bar and it keeps your beverage nice and cold. Be sure to tip the bartender and you will get great service. See Victor at the pool bar closest to the beach and request the Victor Special (A very good fruity drink) The room was nice and clean. My husband was so happy that he could watch ESPN. Our only complaint on the room is the lighting, it was very dim. Maid service was great, we tipped her $5.00/day and gave her small gifts from home. We put a note on the bed with the tip and gift requesting Cerveza, diet pepsi and wash cloths each day and had no problems getting what we needed.. The beach was nice but have seen nicer beaches in Punta Cana. The water didn't seem as blue and the beach is roped off because there are boats running up and down the coast all day long. Be sure not to forget your sunscreen and reapply every hour. The sun is intense! The beach was clean and there are several dogs running around that belong to the vendors down the beach. They were cute and seemed to be hungry and thirsty so we fed them hamburgers from the buffett and gave them water everyday. We did not partake in the daily activities or excursions because we were there to RELAX! I heard other people mention the Outback Safari is the best excursion and worth the money. The food was off to a rocky start. The first restaurant we went to was the italian and it was horrible! Do not eat there! We were not crazy about the lunch buffet either. We ate the chicken and french fries everyday for lunch. We like the dominican restaraunt the best. The main buffett was very good. We always found something that we liked. Route 66 was entertaining and the food was surprisingly good. We did not go to the Mexican restaurant because we heard people saying that it was not good and got sick. We enjoyed the sports bar and the nightly live music at the lobby bar each night. We went to the casino several nights, not much luck with blackjack, but somebody won $1,500.00 on the nickle slots while we were there. Do not buy from the vendors that come into the resort. Go to the tents down the beach, you can get a much better deal. I paid less than $10 USD for each item that I bought. If they say that they can not take the price you offered them, simply start walking away and they will come down to the price you want to pay. Out of the 3 other resorts we have stayed at in Punta Cana, this was the nicest. We will not return to this resort because we do not ever stay at the same place twice. We like to try new places and we make the best of it no matter where we go.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>beachbumming
<Content>Disappointing but made the best of it. Our group arrived at the hotel on July 15th. It was very well maintained and clean. The grounds were impeccable and there were always workers manicuring the grounds. There is a trolley/golf cart that comes around picking up guests to take them from the front of the resort to the back areas, pool, beach, etc. Unfortunately, the cart doesn't come around that often and it is easier to just walk. The rooms were large and clean. The minibar was always stocked. The only down side about the room was that at times you lost water while showering. You would have to wait a couple of minutes to have the hot water restored and then you had to hurry before it left again and were stuck with cold water. There are no elevators in the buildings, so if you don't want to climb stairs, ask for a first floor room. The pool area was nice and so were the bartenders. Only down side was that you had to walk all the way to the beach to get towels, and sometimes they were out. They should have a towel cart by the pool, but don't. Let's talk about the food. For the most part the food was good. The buffets were plentiful, you could always find something to eat. However, after having to eat at the buffet 6 of the 7 nights, it becomes monotonous and wishing for something different. At times it took several attempts to get silverware and drinks once seated at a table. On a good note, we did come into contact with both of the buffet supervisors who were very accommodating and helpful. They both made every effort to make sure we were taken care of. As for the other smaller restaurants that are available, if you don't get there early (6:30 p.m.) you will have to wait 2 hours and once you do get in, you are told that they have already run out of certain foods. One of the wait staff actually told us that we should have come earlier if we wanted to have shrimp. Not the right thing to say after sitting and waiting for more than an hour. As for Margaritas and the Italian restaurant, well we never were able to eat there. There was always too long of a wait and after the the first experience at Casa de mi Abuela, we opted for the buffet. As for room service, if you did not purchase the upgraded package, they tell you that you are not entitled to it or you must pay extra for it.This is a very large resort and we thought it was understaffed for the quanity of people that were vacationing. We were all spanish speaking, but did notice that at times English only guests were not treated the same as the spanish speaking guests. Mike's Coffee Shop is definitely the best. Our group consisted of five couples and each of us experienced some sort of inconvenience. Our room keys would unexpectedly stop working. At one point we had 7 room keys and only one of them worked. Another couple was told that they had checked them out on Tuesday, despite the fact that there were not checking out until Saturday. They were actually told by the front desk that they needed to leave that room because someone else was suppose to be in their room. They ended up staying in their room. As for the night life, the disco was fun. The dj was well meaning but didn't know how to mix music very well. Bartenders...If you want a drink that is something other then Rum and Coke, you better tell them what you want in it otherwise you are not going to like what you get. As for tours, we really had a great time on the Jeep Safari. Highly recommend it. It is an all day tour that takes you into the back country, mountains and beaches. Lots of dirt roads and bumpy but a lot of fun. The tour to Catalina Island was disappointing. Two hour bus ride there, then a short amphibious boat ride, beautiful scenery, visit to Los Altos de Chavon and then the boat ride to Catalina Island. Make sure to bring insect repellent! There are huge blood sucking flies there. While on the Island you are given lunch. It is supposed to be an all you can eat type with lobster being the main selling point. What they don't tell you is that the lobster tail is split in half and they are the size of langostino. Certainly not what the tour guide made it sound like. The tour took a lot longer than they had said as well. We left the hotel at 7:15 a.m. and didn't return until 9:00 p.m. Make sure to eat breakfast and take snacks for later because it will be a long day. As for shopping, the best prices we got were at the beach market. You must negotiate with the vendors because they know you are tourist and they double the prices on everything.All and all, the hotel was very pretty and clean, however, it would be better if they made improvements in their administration and staffing. We had a really fun group of people which made all the inconveniences tolerable.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>2	4	5	3	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>Chuckie 1
<Content>Can't Wait to Go Back       View from our Suite - Ocean Blue  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ohiotravlers
<Content>Another Frequent Traveler Review We stayed at the Ocean Blue Resort from 6/26 - 7/3. Having read the numerous reviews prior to leaving for our trip, we really weren't sure what to expect. Thankfully, the resort exceeded our expectations! As frequent travelers, we enjoy cruises and trips to both all-inclusive and non-inclusive resorts. The Ocean Blue Resort was well worth the money paid for our trip. Now for our comments. . . If you are going to the Dominican Republic hoping to spend time on your own sightseeing - don't go. We knew this going in and realized that we would be spending our week pretty much at the resort. Fortunately, on this trip we just wanted to relax by the pool, so the Ocean Blue was great for us. Because our trip was delayed for 11 hours out of Cleveland, we lost our entire first day and didn't arrive until after 10:00 p.m. Therefore, we didn't even get to see the area via the transfer bus to the hotel. We decided to do the Outback Safari excursion and we're glad we did! Our guide, Omar and driver Leo, were fantastic. The trip is very well planned and while we don't think we really saw a typical house, it was interesting. We did the excursion 4 days into our trip and it was a nice break from the pool routine. We agree with other reviewers on the ala carte restaurants. We waited at the Dominican restaurant for well over an hour because a group of 30+ was ahead of us in line. We finally motioned to the manager that we had just two and we were seated. Because they were trying to accommodate the large group, we felt rushed to order and then we were pretty much ignored for the rest of our meal. We had friends who arrived at the same hotel halfway through our stay and the six of us decided to try the Italian restaurant. We waited again for well over an hour (as we watched groups who had come after us get seated). When we were finally seated, the service started out good, but then disappeared after our appetizers. We repeatedly asked for our next courses and finally the Manager stepped in. Low and behold, a few minute later, they tried to serve us our appetizers again! By the time everything was straightened out, we had spent over three hours on this meal. All in all, the restaurants are okay, but not worth the effort. They really should limit the number of people in a party. This would make things more enjoyable for all. If you still want to try the restaurants, make sure you check out the menus in advance which are available for viewing at Guest Services. You may not want to wait in line only to find out that you're less than thrilled with the dining options!On the subject of dinner, this hotel was better than many others we've visited. They did a nice job with the variety of foods each day. Even though they had a daily theme for dinner (Mexican, Dominican, American, Italian, etc.), there were always plenty of options and we can't imagine anyone not being able to find something to eat! Keep in mind, you are in a foreign country and they are trying to cater to many different nationalities. Not EVERYONE wants hamburgers, pizza, fries, etc. every single meal. If you travel outside of the USA, you should be prepared to be a bit adventurous. We actually found the Dominican dishes to be some of our favorites during our stay. For breakfast you have two options - the buffet with anything you can imagine for breakfast - or Mike's (opens at 10:00) for coffee, tea, and pastries (the banana bread is great!). For lunch you can go to the smaller restaurant by the pool and beach or back to the buffet. The only problem with the buffet dining is the table service for beverages. It would be better if they allowed you to serve yourself for coffee, tea, etc. and used the wait staff just for table set-up. The same problem with drinks in the evening, but you can solve that by grabbing a drink at the lobby bar or better yet, the sports bar, before you go in. There are also two bars on either end of the buffet restaurant where you can go and order your own drinks. Top shelf alcohol is prominently displayed. Just make sure you specifically ask for it when ordering. We think the pina coladas and daiquiris are much better with dark rum and had no problem getting it when ordered. The pool bartenders were all good and yes, we tipped a dollar pretty much each time we ordered. The sports bar is a best kept secret. This is the only place where we ordered the specialty drinks that they were served in huge, real glasses! The Mai Tai's were especially good and the bartenders were very friendly (much better than the lobby bar). We tipped the maid $2 most days and for the most part we didn't have any problems in our room. The rooms are clean and pretty much what we expected. We were on the third floor of building 4 overlooking the pool. It was a great location - halfway between the front and back of the resort. The pool area is very nice. Even though the resort was busy, the pools didn't seem overly crowded. There were many children who appeared to be unsupervised, but this wasn't the fault of the resort! The most aggravating thing was the number of small children who hung out at the pool bars! Maybe they should have a separate kids only bar area? The beach was nice, but nothing exceptional compared to other beaches we've visited.I normally get sick when traveling outside the USA, but managed to survive this trip without incident. Stick with only bottled water for drinking and brushing your teeth, avoid fresh/raw vegetables and limit your fruit intake and you won't need to use the Imodium you should have packed!Other not so common knowledge - If you would like a brief trip into the shopping area, without the cab fare, there is a guided bike tour available from the tennis court at 10:00 a.m. each day. Just go to the court and they will send a guide who will bike with you the 10 minutes into the shopping area, give you 10-15 minutes to be assaulted by the vendors, and bike with you back to the resort. You can also take the bikes on your own if you are adventurous. Buy a phone card at the gift shop. They have various amounts starting at $8.00. We had purchased an on-line calling card that was supposed to work in the DR, but didn't because the toll free number did not work. To close, always keep in mind that you are traveling to someone else's country. Don't expect them to speak perfect English. They have visitors from many countries and it would be impossible to accommodate everyone. Also, Puerto Rico is very close so expect many Spanish speaking guests. And just an observation - just because a resort is all-inclusive you shouldn't take that as your right to pile on and waste food from the buffets....you might find yourself wondering why these trips go up in price every year!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>shan06
<Content>Ocean Blue did not meet expectations. My family just returned from a week at Ocean Blue in the Dominican Republic June/July 2006. Each year we choose a different all inclusive for a week of relaxation, usually in Playacar, but this is our second trip to the Dominican. We always seem to have good experiences and I attribute this to being laid back, respectful of cultures, and trying our best to speak the language. We expected the same at Ocean Blue. The check-in staff was very friendly and accomodating. We chose to up-grade to the elite club so that we stayed in rooms closest to the beach. The rooms were very nice, clean, etc. The housekeeping staff was friendly and helpful throughout our stay. The disappointment involved the service we received from the bar and wait staff in the buffet restaurants. The majority of the guests staying at the resort were from Puerto Rico and other Spanish speaking countries. The bar and wait staff made it very clear that they preferred to serve those guests over Americans. We came with plenty of $1 bills to tip at the suggestion of other tripadvisor members, but it did not seem to make a difference. On the first day, standing in line at the omlet station the cook simply skiped over me and another American woman standing behind me to serve a hispanic man first. The woman behind me spoke up and the cook took reluctantly our plates. I thought at first it was an oversight, however similar incidents continued to happen at the bars and buffett resturants daily. We never seemed to get drinks or even silverware without asking at least two people and then hunting for it ourselves. Other Spainish speaking guest were served promptly. At other resorts, the staff have seemed appreciative for our attempts to speak the native language. This was not the case at Ocean Blue. After the first three days, we just attempted communication in English. Overall--The food itself was very good expecially at the speciality resturants open only for dinner. -The grounds were immaculate.-Activities staff kept things lively. -The train was very helpful as the resort is very large and it is a long walk even to the lobby especially for very young children or less able adults. -This resort should not be marketed to American tourists if the staff maintains the current attitudes to English speaking guests.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ocean Blue Resort My husband and I just got back from 8 days at the Ocean Blue Resort. Wonderful place- Rooms can be a bit musty I brought Fabreeze and it seemed to solve the problem. Staff was wonderful- When we found a bartender we liked we tipped him a few bucks and he knew exactly what we wanted each time we went up to the bar. I liked the fact that you did not have to make reservations for any of the resturants. My advice is to get there by 6:00 and you won't have to wait at all. Mexican and Domican were the best. Italian needed a little to be desired. Route 66 was good- especially if you want to sit and listen to American music. Don't miss Mike's Cafe. We sat there every night and had a cappunicino and patery- I felt like I was in a coffee house in Manhatten. Beach and pool area great. When you shop along the beach make sure you bargain with them. They come down on jewlery but not clothing. We did the Catalina excursion it was nice but all day- I recomment the Outback Safari- you get to see a dominican house - school - boogey board and lunch and of course all the rum you can consume,.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Review from Very Seasoned Punta Cana Travelers OK folks, take it or leave it but I will completely honest with this review. Let me first start by saying my wife and I have been to Punta Cana 4 times, this was our first to the Ocean Blue. We just got back yesterday, July 5th. First and foremost, if you just booked a trip to the Ocean Blue/Sand and you're reading negative reviews...stop it. I've been to excellent hotels in Punta Cana and this place is the best so far (sorry negative reviewers...perhaps you just shouldn't travel to an underdeveloped Spanish-speaking country just because you nabbed a bargain next time). I only have a few negative comments, so let me get those out of the way - and they might not even be perceived as negative to you. First, the Ocean Blue has a very small beach - probably one of the smallest in Punta Cana but I will note that I heard American tourist after American tourist walk on to the beach and comment, what an amazing beach! Honey, take a picture! So, it must have been their first time. We personally love the very long, expansive beach resorts in Punta Cana. The food at O.B. makes up for it though. Second negative is that while a big plus is that the a la carte restaurants do not require reservations (first in Punta Cana not to require 24 in advance reservations including menu selection) they accept large parties with a smile. These dining rooms are small, perhaps 70 - 80 seats, so when they do this, we found that we were told that we would have to wait at least an hour for a table for two. We never managed to get into the Mexican restaurants. From a restaurant owning family myself, I would suggest to the O.B. that they implement a cut-off policy at tables of 8, after that you have to split up into separate tables. It's better to have one upest family rather than 10. Finally, the Royal Holiday time share people can be a pest. Good thing is that they are only they during breakfast. When you see these people in white polo shirts handing out the hotel's daily activities sheets, walk on by and say NO THANK YOU and they will leave you alone. If you want a daily activities sheet, pick up one at reception, or stop by Villa 5 where Apple Vacations has a desk and keeps a stack there you for you.Here are the plus points about Ocean Blue. By the way, Ocean Blue and Ocean Sand are the same resort, your bracelet says so. Villas 1 - 6 are Blue, 7 - 10 are Sand. The food is the best we've ever had in the Dominican Republic - seriously. This is the first time I didn't pick up some sort of parasite. And, should you be lucky enough to be there on the last Saturday of the month...good for you. Go to the buffet that night where they shut down the main food service area and invite you into their kitchens. Ice sculptures, lobster tails, roast beef, presciutto, steamed fish, open bar, etc. - all on buffet served from the kitchen. I was a chef for 8 years in NY and I must say again...Ocean Blue has the state of the art equipment from the U.S. and VERY GOOD refridgeration. The Bars. Guess what? They serve top shelf. Yes, it's a limited variety, but so long as it's not just Dominican brand alcohol, great. There are only 2 or 3 other resorts in the D.R. that do this. I drank Stoli vodka every night. They also have Dewers, Johnny Walker Red, BB, Candian Club, Jack Daniels, Jose Cuervo tequila, Tanqeray. When it comes to beer, we love Presidente, the Domincan stuff. It's a pilselner, so it's lighter than a lager. Good for daytime drinking. Their rum, Brugal, is excelent. Ask for anejo when you get rum and coke or rum and 7-up. Anejo is their aged dark rum...sweet and delicious.The lunch place on the beach serves lighter fare, not very good. Go back to the buffet for lunch if you want a good quality and selection. During breakfast, the buffet offers two omlelet stations, fresh prepared crepes, donouts, fruit smoothies, and mimosa and bloody mary's. You will love breakfast and need to walk it off on the beach.The hotel is very new and in great shape. Don't blame Ocean Blue if the power goes out or if the water pressure goes weak for a bit...remember that they built the place in an underdeveloped nation...stop taking American for granted! If you have an issue with Spanish, either go with a patient, open mind or don't go at all. Re-book your trip for Disney Land. Dominicans don't learn English in school...if they attend (not mandatory). So those who speak some English went out of their way because of their love of their jobs at these Punta Cana hotels to learn a few words. I speak Spanish, so it's no big deal to me - but it always bothers me when I see visiting tourists treat these hard workers with disrespect. Let me put it this way - they work 12 straight days from before breakfast till after midnight then they get 2 days off. They make between $100 and $300 per month. Yet they smile, will always help you, and are happy to work in 100 degree weather. Tourism is the primary economy now in the DR since it outpaced sugar cane exportation and rum. Since 1990 when there were only 900 hotel rooms in all of the Domincan Republic, there are now some 26,000 rooms thanks in large part to Punta Cana. Unemployment as a result has declined significantly.The pools are nice, each one has a swim-up bar. While we were there (June 28 - July 5) there were a lot of large Puerto Rican families in from San Juan. Large, like 20+ people each and they LOVED the pool bars. They were so much fun, but I can understand if other tourist found drunkeness all day to grow annoying. The pools are large and right next to each other - very convenient. There are 2, separated by a large, 15 person jacuzzi.There is a kids center for parents to drop off the little ones when they want to run off to the beach and go topless for a while! There is a bar located on the beach too. The beach features a bunch of chairs on the beach - never trouble finding one. THen there are also covered palapas that have 4 or 5 chairs under them for shade. These are pretty much occupied by 11 AM. I'd go down in the morning and secure a nice one in the front row looking at the ocean at like 7:30 AM, then go back to sleep for another hour.There is a small flea market on the beach to the left. They sell all the same stuff as Bavaro Plaza, so don't bother taking the $6 cab. Bargain, bargain...start with a third of what they are asking and walk away when they say no. Don't worry..they'll bring their prices way down. I've never paid more than $10 for any 1 item in 4 years except for a painting, which I paid $20 for.Walking the beach is great. The Iberostar and the Riu complexes (6 resorts in 1) are to the left, and the LTI, Bavaro Princess, Paradiscus, and Palladium are to the right. If you like to body surf, we found a nice spot by walking about 10 minutes on the beach to the right - just where the Bavaro Princess and Paradiscus meet....great times.We took the Soana Island excursion. This was our second time. It's awesome. We heard from others that did the Marinarium swim w/ sharks snorkeling trip that that one was not worth it and boring. Punta Cana does not offer good snorkeling.The rooms are nice, a small tip with a note ($2) will get you more beer in your fridge every day. Trust me, just write, Senora, mas cerveza por favor with a couple bucks and you're happy. We were in Villa 3, facing the pool (odd numbered room). If you're an even numbered room, you'll be facing the LTI resort next door. Villa 6 and 10 are the suites from honeymooners. Nice digs...That's it folks. I know it's long, but I wanted to provide you with an honest assessment. The Ocean Blue is worth every penny, especially if you're paying $1200 or so for a week...that's incredibly cheap. I've paid over $3000 in other places that offered fewer amenities. Just remind youself of how cheap it is do go to this place in the Carribbean with the perfect snow white sand and you'll remeber that no place is perfect, especially when you're not paying for it! Parents - be careful w/ the hotel photographers when they bring animals around for pictures. Parrots were okay, but on Tuesday, Betty the monkey was on my shoulder when she turned toward me and bit my neck. Broke skin, and just for safety I'm going to get a shot of penicillin from my doctor. Getting bitten by a monkey in the Dominican Repoublic doesn't sound so good...and it isn't!We will not be returning to the Ocean Blue/Sand only because we prefer larger, more expansive beaches and we like to try new places. We always go with 5 or 6 star resorts to play is safe in Punta Cana and will continue to do so. I am fully aware that next time we return to Punta Cana, because it will be to a different hotel, the food and bar selection will not measure up. Not even close.Bring $100 or so for tips, fives and mostly singles. A couple of singles makes people very happy.If you have any questions, about the hotel or about Punta Cana - or even Santo Domingo, please feel free to email me at btberry@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quick objective review If you take about 50 1$ bills for the servers and bartenders the service is AAAA+. The first time at a bar I was ignored until I provided a tip. As the week went on, the bartenders would fight to serve me.The meals were good. The chicken was excellent as was the seafood. I learned to keep my selections simple and basic.The bars were dominated by the local islanders, two deep which was not what I was expecting, but then again this was the Caribbean.The only place that a tip didn't work was with housekeeping...the more I tipped the less water and towels I'd receive...the solution was to pick up whatever was need from the housekeeping carts whenever you pass one!The outback safari was a great day, the ride from the airport to the hotel is not what the island is a about. The Safari is very educational and a fun day. Also, did the horseback riding, where I finally learned to ride a horse at full run as the guide kept whipping the back for the horse and it would take off!This leads me to safety...where safety is your responsibility. First, never walk barefoot on the marble steps if they are wet..slipperier than ice. The boats do not carry any safety or navigational equipment, not even a compass...bad news if the trip back from Solana Island is made in poor visibility and rough weather...a friend had the captain tell them that he was lost, no compass, no radio, gas on empty and nothing to bail the water out of the power boat. For that reason, we didn't try the open water dive, LOL. The hobie cats were fun, but watch that your mast doesn't get tangled up with the parasailers.The drinks were good, the beer presidente was ok and coldest at the pool bar closest to the beach.We had a special dinner by the pool and a noon barbecue, which were thrown in as a day activity.The weather for late June was much better than expected. Mostly blue skies, high 80's with a cool breeze. From what I hear you can expect a day of heavy rain about once every two weeks. When it rains the best method of navigation is with the umbrella and sandals as the tram has a roof that leaks like a hose. The sidewalks accumulate several inches of rain, so no shoes.Bring bug spray for the tiny mosquitoes.You can use the water to bruys your teeth and then rinse with bottled water. Bring ammonium AD as the change in diet can cause problems. Also, they sell the standard antibiotic in the gift store for $3.Buy a calling card, as they want to charge you $3 per minute otherwise...800#s won't work.Any questions..jshark@earthlink.net  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The pros and cons My husband and I have been on several cruises and decided to take an all-inclusive vacation. We were excited to have alcholic drinks included in our base price and well as tips. The bartenders were very slow to take an order. When they eventually got to our order we were only able to order one type of beer on most days, which tasted like a very cheap beer. At one point, my husband was able to order a Budweiser, however he was served from two previously opened cans. Needless to say his beer was semi-flat. The red wine was awful, and the pina colada's were waterer down. I ordered a strawberry daquiri and it tasted so bitter. I stopped ordering alchohol after all of these problems. The servers would not even notice my empty glass of soda to refill it. Our apple representative was explicit in his attempts to convince us to tip even though the package describes that tips are included. He informed us that most workers made an average of $100 a month, so we should tip them. I would be willing to do this if they were friendly enough to give a smile. My husband and I don't speak Spanish, but attempted some basic words in order to be polite. The servers were still non-chalant to us and not very friendly.The ambience of Ocean Blue was fantastic. The pools are very large and not over-crowded. The beaches are beautiful and clean as well. We really like the speakers in the shape of rocks all over the resort. The music was played at an appropriate level as well.There were times when I went to take a shower, only to find that there were no towels in the room. I called to ask for a wash clothe, but received it too late. I used an hand towel instead, which was pretty ridiculous. Our pillows smelled awful, so I had to call and ask for new ones. The maids would mop our uncarpeted floors everyday, but as a result of the humidity our floor would remain sopping wet until eventually my husband would take our beach towels and shuffle across the floor to dry it. The food was excellent. There was a wonderful variety of restaurants and the buffet was great too. Mike's Coffee shop was excellent. The servers were super friendly and the coffee tasted fabulous. Included in our package was a free hour of bowling at the alley. The computers were not working properly and the pins would not go down automatically. We still aren't sure who won! The pool tables seemed quite old and the balls would pool on one area of the table. The staff was not knowledgeable about the goings-on of the resort. We asked a few different people where the ping-pong tournament was and they had absolutely no idea. I had a friend on her honeymoon a few resorts down the block. Everyday I called the front desk of Ocean Blue to transfer my call to her hotel, but they would transfer me back and forth and then hang up on me. The phone ettiquette was just atrocious. There was no voicemail on the phones, so I was never able to contact my friend during the seven days.Another negative aspect to our vacation were the incessant sales people all over the resort. Coming out of the breakfast buffet every morning, these representative would try to sell us a time share by offering free spa services, etc. They were extremely annoying. We decided to go shopping at the Bavaro Shopping Plaza one day. This experience was also very unpleasant. Standing outside of each shop were sales people desparately pleading for you to enter their store. They would literally put their arm in front of you and try to force you into their store. As Americans, this turned us of majorly and we left as soon as we could get a cab.Overrall, we would not recommend this vacation to anyone. However, if you don't mind sub-par service and are just looking to lay around either by the pool or on the beach, then this just might be the vacation for you.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Cary_Kathy_&_Ben
<Content>LOVED OUR TRIP! My husband, son (age 9) and I stayed at the Ocean Blue Golf  Beach. For those of you who are confused Ocean Blue and Ocean Sands are one in the same hotel. I read some pretty awful reviews before we left and I was pretty uncertain about our choice. Having said that -- WE HAD A WONDERFUL TIME. The people at the hotel are very friendly. The food is good. (I was missing having some good American food - but we were in the carribean). We always found something to eat and it was almost always good. The Dominican Restaurant (La Casa) is probably the best one in the resort. We never ate at the two restuarants that you had to pay extra for - but really there was no reason -- we found everything we could want in the others.The buffet (main one and beach) always had lots of choices and although my son lived on watermelon and white rice for a week - my husband and I loved it. (I did bring some peanut butter for him -- he ate the whole jar!)I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. Everything is conveniently located -- they do have a tram to take you around the resort but we never used it -- had to work off the calories some how! Our only issue while at the resort was that in the middle of the night (3:00 a.m.) there would be lots of paryting in the hallways with people coming back from the disco. That was more than a little annoying - but we didn't let it ruin our trip.We did three excursions - Marinarium - highly recommend. This is where you swim with the sharks and sting rays -- my 9 year old LOVED this. We also did the Outback Safari - this was hot and bumpy - but well worth it. I wanted my son to see that not everyone has the things he does -- I believe it was eye opening for him. You get to see the countryside and see how the real Dominicans live. The last excursion we did was the James Bond boats -- we had an experience on this one. Although - everyone was very very nice at ths excursion - I don't think we'd ever do that one again. Certainly do not do it if you have small children.When all is said and done we would DEFINITELY go back to Punta Cana - maybe not this hotel - but only because we'd want to experience other hotels.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to return!!!       beach looking from the watersports area  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon When we first booked Ocean Blue for our honeymoon we got on here and read the reviews. I honestly have no idea how anyone could give this place a bad review. It was paradise.At check in, we were whisked away from the main area and taken to the Elite Club where they gave us drinks and explained to us all the benefits of having the honeymoon package. The honeymoon suite is in Villa 6 which is right off the beach and is part of the Elite Club. As club members during our stay, we got great special treatment. Private check in and check out, 24 hour room service, a complimentary breakfast in bed one morning, and any help we needed. They booked our excursion, which usually isn't available at Ocean Blue, and were eager to please. Our room was gorgeous. There was a large bathroom with a huge shower, a king size canopy bed, television (with great english speaking channels straight from the usa) and sitting area, pool view from the balcony, and upstairs was a jacuzzi, then a large outdoor shower- great for honeymooners! On our dresser sat a one-time stock of vermouth, scotch, rum, two wines, and vodka. Our fridge was always stocked with beer, water, pepsi and 7-up. We tipped our maid and said hola to them and they kept our room clean and stocked. You do not have to tip, but these people are working very hard and are very poor, so what is a few bucks a day?The beach was gorgeous. A little more seaweed than I expected, but it was still blue and beautiful. There was always an available lounge chair, maybe not under a canopy, but I wanted sun so I didn't mind. Be careful of the sun! You are very close to the equator and will get burned/tanned very quickly. Also, it is very humid. Don't just drink tons of alcohol, make sure to keep hydrated with water. The boats do pass by closely, but the area is roped off and I thought we had plenty of swimming room. The pools were also great. There were a lot of kids at the pools and many activities going on constantly. It got a little loud there for us, so we mostly stayed at the beach. It may have been loud, but it was not ever too crowded- those pools are enormous. The only thing I wasn't wild about was the hola senior, hola seniora song they played over and over and the fact that the pools closed at 7 pm. I could have gone for a night swim if we had had the opportunity. The food. Okay, this is really my only complaint. My husband got diarreah for two days, and I had it pretty bad for one day. It is not that the food is bad or not cooked enough, it's just not the same as what we're used to eating. Some of the food on the buffets (and at the restaurants, we ate at all the free al a cartes) was horrible. But there was always something you could eat. I recommend the corn and mushroom pizza. I think the sun contributed, but after we ate, we would feel horrible for an hour and have to go back to the room and recover. In fact, we've been back for a week and I'm still having stomach issues. I went to the doctor and he gave me two antibiotics in case I had picked up any parasites. Yikes. The al a cartes weren't any better than the buffets. In our honeymoon package, we had one free meal at one of the pay restaurants- El Bogedon or the seafood restaurant on the beach. We chose El Bogedon because I don't eat seafood, and it was the best food we ate the whole time. We had steak and it was tender, juicy, and VERY tasty. If you don't get it for free and can afford a $50 steak for two, go there. So Good!!!As for the service, they did the best they could. I didn't have any trouble with the language barrier except for once, when we needed a bottle opener and instead we got an armload of bottled water. Oh well. We realized later that there is a bottle opener on the inside of the cabinet where the fridge is! Also, service getting water/drinks/napkins at the buffets is a little slow but that is because they're so busy and sometimes don't realize who needs something, but if you ask someone passing by, you'll have what you need quickly. One problem we had was at the beach restaurant. We went in an gave our room number and were told to wait at the bar, that it would be about a 20 minute wait. After an hour, we finally asked the host again and he apologized, telling us he had forgotten our faces. So, yeah, sometimes the service can be less than stellar, but you just have to get up and ask for what you need, and they'll be happy to accommodate. Other than that, the maids, bartenders, and everyone else are always smiling and happy and eager to please.The best part of the whole trip were the excursions we took off the resort. We got a free horseback riding on Macaow (sp??) beach. The beach there had no hotels on it and was soooooo clean and blue and clear. Very beautiful. My husbands horse was pretty, but the first one they put me on was so old it was practically bald. It wouldn't budge so they had to put me on another horse, who might have been slightly younger than my first one. The horses didn't really pay attention to the riders' orders, but they listened to our guide. Neither my husband nor I have ridden a horse since were were little kids, so we wanted to go slowly and easy. The horses just trotted along, ignoring our pulls on the reigns. After a little while though, we got used to the trotting and enjoyed it a lot. I highly recommend taking the Outback Safari excursion. They picked us up and we were able to drink and joke around in the truck with other tourists and our guide. We stopped at a cocoa farm and saw how they made coffee and chocolate and how the villagers lived. We walked through a typical house made of palm trees and saw how their houses were put together. It was just really really interesting and fun. The dominican people were great and eager to see us. I think mostly they like the tourists and welcome them, as we were treated very nicely by the villagers. Children would run up to us and bring us flowers or rice and wave. Our tour guide was great and told us a lot about the history of the country and how the people got by on their money. It cost $80 per person, but was very very worth it. All in all, we had a fantastic honeymoon and the service and accomodations at Ocean Blue was a big reason. I would recommend anyone go here to have a great time and relax. And that's the big thing you have to remember- RELAX. You're on vacation, so don't freak out every time a little thing goes wrong or you have to wait a little big longer for something. Things move slowly in the caribbean, and so should you!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable Vacation NEW JERSEY MY husband and I stayed at Ocean Blue for a week. We are avid travelers, and have been to numerous islands of the Caribbean, as well as Cancun and Hawaii. We have also been on many cruises, and have visited several European countries.This trip was half the price of a cruise, with many more advantages such as all inclusive(ten bars) with free drinks. Alcholic beverages on board the cruise ships are NOT included. There was NO pressure at Ocean Blue for tipping. On most cruises the tips are either automatically deducted from one's credit card upon arrival or there is constant pressure and reminders regarding how much tip one should give. We did tip at Ocean Blue at our discretion and free will. The advice about taking lots of single dollar bills was excellent. They surely come in very handy for tipping, if desired. When we first arrived we were dissatisfied with our room (slightly musty odor), and the view facing the back of other villas was not good. Although it was a very busy time, with many guests pouring in, our room was changed the next day We moved to Villa 8 to a room with a balcony overlooking the pool. We really appreciated that. We loved the beauty of the premises. The grounds were well kept, and were strewn with beautiful tropical flowers and trees. There were lots of the tallest coconut trees that we had ever seen. There were pelicans that resided near a mini lake. We were amused by the rows of what appeared to be rocks along the pathways of the premises, but they were actually speakers from which music played all day and most of the night.We loved the abundance and variety of the food at the buffet restaurant, and ate most of our meals there. We ate one meal at the Dominican restaurant. I had the seafood combo and my husband had the guinea hen. We did not enjoy our meal, so we went back to the buffet for dinner..We enjoyed the nightly shows. They were comparable to the shows on the cruise ships. We especially loved the African show and the Dominican show. The disco was fun. We were surprised to see so many people there nightly. We enjoyed trying the merengue, salsa and bachatta. We enjoyed the theme song and dance, Ola senora, Ola senor. We have been back home for a week, and I still can't get that song out of my head. It was nice seeing the young men and women who performed at the shows hanging out in the disco, dancing with the guests, and making sure that everyone had a good time. There were several activites at the pool during the day, such as salsa and merengue lessons, club dancing lessons, steps aerobics, etc. However, my husband and I were not able to participate in them due to the fact that we cannot withstand the heat of the direct sun while doing those rigorous acitivities. We suggest that similar activities be provided indoors, perhaps in the main lobby or some other indoor areas for those of us who cannot withstand those kinds of activities in the direct heat of the sun.We liked our room, but were irritated by the unavailabilty of bath towels and washcloths. After returning from the beach as well as some of the excursions we were ready for a nice shower, but there were NO towels. We had to call repeatedly and wait for someone to bring them to us. We had NEVER experienced this problem anywhere else that we had traveled in the past. We were baffled as to how such a seemingly well organized institution such as Ocean Blue would be so deficient with such a basic, essential service as providing towels and washcloths. We were also irritated by the shower door which covered only HALF of the shower stall. As a result of this, the bathroom floor was flooded each time we took a shower. There was a foul sewer-like odor outdoor at a portion of the premises between the main building and the restaurants. This should definitely be rectified right away, as it severely detracts from the beauty and ambience of the premises.We went on the LaRomano Tour and the Tiki Party Boat. They were OK. Maybe we might have enjoyed the boat trip more if we were snorklers. The entertainment on the party boat was mediocre at best. We did not buy many souveniers---too overpriced. Our best deal was the Barcelo Rum which we purchased at a store during the LaRomano trip. they were sold at the price of 2 bottles for $11.00, so we bought several for souveniers. The merchants who came on the premises with the outdoor flea market sold the same bottle of rum for $22 each!! Overall we had a wonderful time at Ocean Blue. The weather was glorious. We liked the people who worked there. They were pleasant, professional, and accomodating. We would definitely return at the bargain price we paid. OLa, Michael Trinidad at the Buffet restaurant. What a nice young man. The time share folks respected our polite refusals. and they were no -where near as aggressive and shark-like as those in Cancun.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jerseywonder
<Content>Fantastic holiday cannot wait to go back My husband and I, our son, daughter-in- law and two grandchildren aged 7 and 9 stayed at Ocean Blue Golf and Beach resort from the 3rd May to the 17th May. I read a lot of the reviews before going which ranged from one extreme to the other! It really makes me wonder if the people who think it is terrible stayed at the same hotel as us!We had a good flight from Gatwick which was on time and there was no hassle in getting our luggage and onto the coach. When we arrived at Ocean Blue the check-in went smoothly and we were taken to our Villa by buggie. This buggie drives around very frequently taking people, who don't want to walk, to their villas, pool , beach or to the restaurants. Our bagage followed us very quickly. We had 2 rooms in Villa 9 which over looked the pools and we could also see the beach and sea.The room was large and had 2 queen size beds which were very comfortable, sofa, coffee table, TV, coffee maker, fridge, safe , iron and ironing board. There were ample cupboards and wardrobes. The balony had chairs and a table. The bathroom was very large and the jacuzzi big enough for two! The AC worked very well infact too well and we had to turn in down as it got too cold!There are 4 a la carte restaurants and 2 buffet restaurants that are all-inclusive and two more that are not. We could not fault the food at all. There was a very wide selection catering for all tastes - in the buffet many items were cooked while you waited. My grandchildren loved both the buffet and Route 66! One thing I must warn you about is that men have to wear long trousers in all the a la carte restaurants. Mikes coffee shop was a favourite each night.The 2 pools are very big and are beautifully kept. There were plently of sun loungers around the pools and on the beach. The sea and beach were the best we've seen in the DR. It was a glorious shade of blue and very safe for the children. There are catarmans and canoes that can be taken out daily and were great fun. All the gardens and paths are beautifully kept and so clean.We went on 2 trips - the Outback Safari which was bumpy but good fun. You get to see how the people live without electricity and modern equipment. This was an eye opener for our grandson who saw children playing marbles without a computer or games boy in sight! Before you come home you are taken to a wonderful beach where you can boogie board or just swim this is really refreshing after a hot day. Our second trip was snorkelling with sharks and rays, the memory of this will be with us for a long time - it was just amazing.The staff are very friendly and helpful and there is a 'daily news sheet' printed each day advising what is going on. The entertainment team worked very hard and all had great personalities.This hotel it is certainly not a three star hotel as some make you believe! It is rated as a 4 star plus and that is exactly what it is - if not verging on 5 star. We have stayed at other hotels on DR and this is by far the best. We cannot wait to get back there. If anyone would like any futher info or want to see any of the many photographs taken please feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a perfect vacation!!!       Golf suite room  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LoopChicago
<Content>Great Beach  My husband and I got back yesterady from 7 nights at Ocean Blue. We booked through Apple Vacations and overall I feel that we got a better deal than what we paid for. My highlights are below, but my summary is great beach, pool, grounds. Need improvement on food, service and rooms.1. Beach - It's BEAUTIFUL and huge! If you're looking for a great beach this is it. Clear water and the beach is very clean. One nice part of this resort compared to others is they have plenty of covered spots (good for those that burn like me), which is nice since the sun is HOT. We went around 10am and always found a spot. 2. Room - we brought incense to take out the musty smell and it hepled. Our room was very large, but a bit dark. I will admit we had an issue with bugs (one large one) and that's an issue for me. 3.Food - overall not great. We hopped around between the ala cartes and buffet, but the best was the grill on the beach at night. Get the filet - the best thing we had in a week. The buffet was good for breakfast and lunch. I think if the food was improved this could be a great resort.4. Service - The staff try their best, but there is a language barrier. We had to ask a few times for our fridge to be refilled. And when being served the staff wasn't as friendly as I expected.5. Royal - they will approach you, but only at breakfast. I walked past them and didn't care what they said.6. Weather - absolutely gorgeous!!!!Go in with an open mind. It's a beautiful resort and was a wonderful vacation. Loved the beach and will go back!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Patrickstar
<Content>Would highly recommend this resort I read many reviews both good and bad about the Ocean Blue and find it hard to believe anyone could give this resort a 1 or a 2 star rating. They obviously haven't stayed at a Real 2 star property. I have travelled to many Caribbean islands and have stayed in 3 - 5 star properties. I would rate this hotel a solid 4 star possibly a 4 1/2 star. I travelled with my husband and my 6 year old son.CHECK IN - As we didn't arrive until around 5pm we were given our room right away rather than having to wait around the lobby. I had emailed the hotel to request Villa number 5 on the Blue side or 9 on the Sands side as they were both one villa from the beach (the villas closest to the beach # 6 and 10 were for upgraded guests only). I was initially disappointed when they gave me villa number 7 which was far from the beach. I offered the lady a $10 usd bill and asked if there was any way she could move me closer to the beach and voila we ended up in villa 9, second floor with a beautiful pool and partial ocean view. I did look at the original room they were going to give me and it was villa 9 ground floor looking at a concrete wall. Honestly that was the best $10.00 I ever spent!ROOM - Our room was spotlessly clean, had 2 queen beds plus a pull out type of day bed that my son loved! I don't really watch tv but my son loved the cartoon network and my husband had a sports channel. We had no issues with the bathroom but I will mention our last morning there my husband had a jacuzzi bath and had no sooner let out the water than maintenance called and asked if we could let someone in to repair a leak. The room below us was getting flooded! I would say it was a super fast response time by the staff. Most definately ask for a room pool side as the view from the other side is either a concrete wall or a chain fence. The rooms have a free safe where you can program your own code. No keys! Another great feature. We met our maid several times and she was extremely friendly. I tipped a few dollars every day and alway had a restocked fridge, coffee plus creamers, plenty of towels, she even exchanged our beach towels for us. Every day she would leave fresh flowers in our room. Our air conditioning worked well. Almost too well! No complaints!!!POOL - For my son the pools were the highlight of his trip. They had a very large shallow entrance to the pool which is great for non swimmers. We did bring water wings we helped when he strayed to far and a float. The pools are huge. Lots of space for everyone, 2 large swim up bars(with a public restroom hidden right behind the bar/pool area) I'm always suspicious of those heavy drinkers who never seem to leave the pool!!!! Even though reception told me the resort was almost completely full there was alway lots of available pool and beach chairs. If you wanted an umbrella you would normally have to save one by 7 or 8 am. We didn't bother and never had a problem finding an area to sit.BEACH - Gorgeous long wide stretch of beach. Again lots of available chairs but palapas were snatched up early. There was bits of seaweed on parts of the beach but the majority of it was cleaned up by hotel staff. I did walk the beach and noticed other hotels such as the LTI never removed their seaweed and there was lots of it! The water at the Ocean Blue was fairly calm with small waves. I did notice the Iberostar Resorts (just passed the vendors huts) had an even calmer stretch of beach. The Princess resorts passed the LTI seemed extremely choppy. Of course it all depends what you like!BAR SERVICE - I have read reviews of people saying they never got served. Both my husband and my self had no problem. Of course some times they were busier than others but the bartenders were great for keeping track of who was next. Neither of us drink much and we found the drinks seemed extremely strong for us. I usually ordered a drink and asked for a little rum. Instead of filling half the glass they only filled a quarter. That was fine for me! My husband ran into a woman who complained they didn't put enough liquer in so I guess you can't please everyone. My son doesn't like pop and had no problems with getting bottled water at the bars.FOOD - I think this hotels offer so many options for food that everyone should be happy. The buffets in the main restaurant for breakfast and lunch were fabulous. My son is a picky eater but was able to find all his favourite cereals or pancakes or donuts. They do cater to a lot of different nationalites and in my opinion do a great job. The choices were endless with fresh fruits and juices, french toast and pancakes, made to order omelets, and numerous trays of potatos, bacon etc. Lunches and dinners at the buffet again had made to order pasta, hot freshly made pizzas, burgers and hot dogs, stirfrys, seafood, steaks and many traditional dishes. With our picky eater we only ate in the Route 66 and Italian restaurants. Both were great! My son loved the 50's diner so we ate there twice. Despite what I read I found the a la carte service was extremely fast. Great friendly service. Twice I was give questionnaires to fill out about how they could improve. My absolute favourite was Mike coffee. Great atmosphere, coffee and sweets. I miss it already!STAFF - I found almost all of the staff was friendly and very eager to please. Children were made to feel very welcome at this hotel. I never felt as though I had to tip to receive great service but did tip with dollar bills. The resort is spotlessly clean with the gardeners working non stop, staff constantly picking up discarded drinking glasses etc, public restrooms were always well maintained. The timeshare people on the beach and outside the buffet restaurant never really bothered us. We were approached twice but both times they took a no thanks and were friendly enough about it.KIDS CLUB - We didn't use this option much but my son and I did venture in and played a few board games when he had too much sun. There was 4 or 5 children doing crafts or watching videos. I was't comfortable leaving my son but many parents did. Children did have to be signed in and out so it was secure enough.WEATHER - We had only 3 rain showers which lasted about 15 minutes. The staff immediately was out squeeging the water out of the walkways. Each room also had a large golf umbrella which I thought was a great feature.RESORT - The ground of the hotel are absolutely beautiful. Manicured gardens, walkways, lots of marble. The layout of the resort is very well thought out. I had no problem walking from one end to the other. My son loved to take the little shuttle around the hotel. They ran every 15 minutes or so and stopped at every villa and area around the property.ACTIVITIES/NIGHTLIFE - After the sun all day we normally were back in our room around 9 or 10 so didn't really experience the nightly entertainment. Our son loved the air hockey tables on the 2nd floor of the bowling alley. We bowled twice as well which was great fun. The first game is free and then they charge $15.00 USD per game NOT per person. The casino was pretty quite and had no machines I liked to play but we tried it twice. There was live music in the lobby bar and a theater with shows which we didn't attend. Overall great value for your money. I would highly recommend the hotel!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>armandopr
<Content>A good time at the Ocean Blue       bed  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK, but not 5 Star. We are 2 women in our early 40's from Philadelphia Pa, who traveled from May 26, 2006 to June 2, 2006. I was told that this was a 1 year old resort and was rated 5 stars which I totally disagree with. We had a standard room, which was spacious but the furniture was very outdated. It didn't appear to be only a year old more like 6 years. The dresser didn't match the bed furniture so they looked just put together. We had 2 full size beds and there was a sofa/day bed in the room. The beds were saggy in the center as if they were past there sleep lifetime. The sofa/day bed was so very dirty  stained that I couldn't get the stains out by wiping so we just didn't sit on it. The rest of the hotel was spotless. We attempted to use the bathroom I realized the bathroom door DIDNT shut. The door was bigger than the frame. I complaint to my Apple Rep, they fixed it 2 days later. If you are looking for an Ocean view forget it . They advertise they are Ocean Front, the hotel is on the beach but the rooms face each other not the Ocean. The rooms are at one end of the resort and the Restaurants and everything else is at the opposite end so put on your sneakers and prepare to walk, to everything except the pools, which are beautiful. The hotel is set up like a little town at the Lobby in. The setup of the buildings reminded me of an old western town just with updated buildings The staff was very pleasant. Only had 1 rude bartender at the swim up bar.He had numerous complaints. The restaurants were okay, except for the Maragarita. Went at 8:00pm left at 9:45pm never being served. Mikes Coffee Cafe was great a must visit even if you don't drink coffee. The shows are the typical island type. Beware the OUTBACK Safari Ride. This is an all day ride bumping thruogh the forest part of the town. Not the beautiful mountain range and rainforest you iamagine from the brochure.This is Not 5 stars hotel. Maybe a 3. This may be good for first time traveler but for those of us who know the difference should look elsewhere. I asked why the water was not as blue here as when I stayed at Breezes on the other side of the island, I was told because this hotel was not totally in the Carribean. Don't know how true that was but I did notice a difference. All in all the trip was just okay. I would not return here.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>clynchGreenvilleSC
<Content>A Comedy of Errors Our experience was less than favorable. It was like a comedy of errors. Our week started out with no orientation. We were taken to our rooms and we had to fend for ourselves from that time on. The facilities were fantastic and the people friendly. This resort is very large and one has to do a lot of walking to anywhere that they want to go. If one wants a breeze one has to ride the shuttle. The sun is very hot in DR. Our room was very nice, however when we turned the air conditioner to a bearable level the floors being tile sweated and it was like walking on a wet walk. The cold water did not work in our room in the middle of the week. The people who told us that they would tell us our travel arrangements at the end of the week promised that they would be back on Friday night. At 10:00 Saturday morning the day that we were to leave we still did not know when we were going to be picked up for our flight home. There are nine restaurants on this resort and the ones we liked were the Italian and the Dominican Republic ones. The others were not up to par at all. My wife loved the coffee shop with its desserts and different kinds of coffees. I got sick on the food from the buffet on Thursday and that is when I found that the restrooms in the public areas are far and few between. The resort allowed outside vendors on the property one night and they would get mad at you if you did not give them an audience. Also, Ocean Blue has a number of resorts in the Carribbean and they had people trying to get you to listen to their presentation to buy into them. They were obnoxious many times. The pools were gigantic and were very nice but they are mostly in the sun. This is a relatively new resort and the trees have not had the chance to grow and produce much shade. I was very disappointed in this resort and felt like that I wasted my hard earned money and time in going. I will have to say one thing for the DR though and that it is that it is easy going through customs to get in and out of the country. Overall I would give this resort a C-.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HeatherMarie80
<Content>A super Great time!       8:30am view from our balcony..villa 6  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Week at Ocean Blue My family and I visited Ocean Blue the first week of May 2006. The weather was absolutely wonderful, and the resort is very pretty, clean, and well kept. The first night there, however, the power and water were off for an hour or so. It happened two other times during our stay. It certainly was an inconvenience, but I guess it's something that happens on a regular basis.We stayed in villa 5, which was one villa back from the beach. The resort is very large, but we were very close to the pools and the beach. It was a little bit of a walk to the restaurants, but walking never hurts anyone! Trams also run all the time throughout the day and night and you can catch a ride on one of them. Every other night they spray for bugs -- a truck drives around with a fogger on it. It smells terrible!I read in other reviews that it was nearly impossible to get chairs and umbrellas by the pool or at the beach, and this was not the case when we were there. There were plenty of empty chairs at both the beach and pool. Also, shaded areas were available on the beach too. There is a lot of water sport action going on at the beach with motorized boats, windsurfing, and ocean kayaking. It's not very quiet. My daughter and I went kayaking one day (free), and never having done this before, I was concerned about all of the boat traffic. Just watch where you are going. Both pools are huge and kept clean.Our room was average. It had a musty smell, because of the humidity, which I guess should be expected at places like this. The air conditioning could never be regulated -- it was always super cold and even after adjusting the temperature, it would always revert back to about 64 degrees. The lighting in the room was terrible and extremely dim. The furniture looked well worn for a new resort. I guess I expected better, but it was ok.We tipped our maid $10 the first day and we got clean towels and a well stocked mini fridge, but service went downhill the rest of the week. I don't believe in tipping for poor service, so she never got any more from us. When our tissues ran out in the bathroom, I propped up the box as a reminder, and she left us about 10 dinner napkins. Toilet paper was not restocked, and my husband had to grab a roll off of a maid's cart one day. That is unacceptable. I thought the maid service stunk!Restaurant service is slow and the language was sometimes a barrier, but overall it was fine. We ate at some of the ala carte restaurants and mainly at the buffet. Service at Route 66 was the best. The food is definitely different and interesting, but again, you are in a different country. Bar service was very lacking. You never received the same drink twice. Everyone made them differently. Several times my daughter asked for a 7 Up and got a Pepsi!!A few other things...throughout the week, we were constantly bothered by representatives from Royal Holiday to come and listen to one of their presentations. They denied it was a timeshare, but it had to be along the lines of that. Everytime you went into a restaurant or were just walking along, they attacked you. I was extremely annoyed by the end of the week. They're also on the beach and try to catch passersby!!!There's not too much going on at night. There is an open air theater where they put on a show each night. We went once, and it was ok. They have a very small casino -- not too much going on in there either. We did go bowling one night (free of charge -- one game per person). That was fun. However, if you want to bowl another game, it costs $15 per person per game!A tip for travellers, take lots of $1 bills for tipping, etc. No one ever seems to have change for larger bills. My husband did go to one of the bartenders and changed larger bills for ones. They were the only ones who seemed to have change.All in all, it was a fun trip at a fairly nice resort. I think I expected a little better accommodations, but the resort itself is nice. If I was to return to Punta Cana, I'm not sure whether I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Blue: Hate Royal Family! My husband and I had a wonderful time at Ocean Blue...BUT if you hate tele markerters and very pushy sale people. DO NOT COME HERE. This is the only reason why we would not go back. They are at every entrace to the buffet resturants (You must go thru them to enter) and they are scattered around the resort (entrances to rooms, beach, bars, and walk ways). They are extremely agressive and will not take no for an answer even after 7 days of saying no. At the end, I hated to go in alone without my husband. The 5th day, I said I had already talked to someone and said I was not interested in the program...HE said in a loud and agressive voice You have not talked to me . I have been in Sales all my life and have never been made to feel bad to walk into a resturant! By the way that is the only reason why I would not go back to Ocean Blue!The good stuff...great layout, good food, wonderful bath tub, beautiful beach, and wonderful staff! Go to the pool it's wonderful after a hot day at the beach!The okay stuff...room did smell a little bad z(very musty even after running the air) and dinners were a little small and cold. We loved the Mexician rest. The great stuff..trip to Santo Domingo(great history lesson), drinks, lobby bar, staff again, and apple rep was wonderful. The best is Mike's coffee shop! We spent every night there enjoying the sights and cheese cake!Get rid of Royal Family and it's the best!  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Ocean Blue We stayed at the Ocean Blue from April 15-22, 2006 and had a wonderful time. We were a group of 12 and enjoyed ourselves at the resort, plenty of sun and lots of laughter. The pool is gorgeous and clean. The maids gave us everything we requested and evengave us extra towels. The staff was extremely friendly and helped us have a great vacation; they went above and beyond to get us everything we wanted. The beauty of this particular resort was not as lush with plants as they are a fairly new place. But it was laid out nicely and remained extremely neat and clean. IAs far as the complaints from other people who visited this resort - I don't know what they were expecting. The only complaint I could possibly make about this trip (and it would be the same about the other two resorts that we have previously visited) is the food. I guess, as Americans, we expect the food to be of our culture and in some ways, it is. They try! But on the whole, we are in THEIR country and must learn to adapt to THEIR food and customs. If you're looking for great food and wonderful drinks, I would suggest a cruise or an American resort; not the Dominican! The food was better than 3 years ago. And that was better than 2 years earlier when we visited for the first time. But the friendliness of the people and the beauty of the country evens out the trip!  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean poo This by far was one of the most disappointing vacations we hand been on in a long time. First let me say that we(my husband, my eleven year old son and myself) along with my girlfriend and her husband and their two sons(ages 11, and 9) went with us. We all felt the service was horrible. My friends room smelled very musty and that never went away. Their toilet was leaking the whole time they were there. They called to get it fixed which took forever and then never really stopped leaking. The second night her first son became violently sick with vomiting and diarreaha so severe that we had to call in the doctor by the morning making us miss our excursion. The third night her second son became ill with the same symtoms. She spent 150 dollars american money between the doctor visit and the medicine. Now mind you 2 excursions were missed due to sickness. My husband and son also suffered from diarreaha. The service all around was horrible. Not one time could we get a drink served to us at the pool or beach even after a 20 dollar tip was given. We set out approximately 6:00 am to get chairs at the pool or beach or else nothing was available. Never in all of my travels did I have to fight to get chairs at a pool. All inclusive, well the resturants were not open all hours, they did have certain hours you needed to be there or else it is too bad. The little market on the grounds was very expensive. I bought pringles 3 containers and 1 gatorade for the price of 23 dollars (american). My girlfiends family is still sick and it is now May16, 2006 She is still seeing a doctor and getting stool samples taken to see what it is. Oh and by the way I questioned several people at the pool and several of them told us someone in there group was suffering from the same symptoms and had been in the room at least a couple of days. Weather was great., pool great rooms ok. No night life, and if you want a bottle of wine to drink you have to go to the steak/wine house and purchase a bottle (while zinfendel) was 42 dollars a bottle. I did not like the people on the grounds bothering us with marketing questions. Food ( if that is what you call it ) bad. Our travel agent told us to buy a phone I believe it was cingular so we did for approximatley 500 dollars between the phone and the calling card and we were not able to use it. Verison was the only one people seemed to be able to use out there. They told us internet wireless could be bought and the whole time we were there they were out of wireless cards, and kept say tommorrow. My husband and I own a business and it was important for us to be in contact with our offices and they assured us(meaning our travel agent) we could keep in contact and that was not so. If you call chicago from there be prepared for a very large phone bill at the end of your vacation. All in all Mexico is the way to go.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>VAF
<Content>Just an O.K. resort       View from our room.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>grandeprairie23
<Content>Best Holiday Ever Me and my boyfriend went to the Ocean Blue in Punta Cana for 2 weeks from April 13 - April 27. We had a wonderful time there. The only thing we had problems were our resort had maintenance problems for 1 day where the power went out for 5 hours. But the resort reinbursed us for that day which was $150 CAN. Also, any of the restaurants you eat at make sure you pack a pair of shoes and a pair of pants, they have a dress code. Excludes the buffet restaurants. At the Italian restaurant it opens at 6:30 pm make sure you get there early its the hardest restaurant to get in at. I found the food tasted the best there. We tipped our made $2 US a day, we had no problems getting towels, our fridge was filled with 7up and pepsi, and bottled water. We had lots of shampoo and soap. Our rooms were extremely clean and very air conditioned we were in villa 4. We tried there lobster dinner on the beach at supper time it was $35 US per person. We did not enjoy it, the lobster does not taste the same in Canada. The food was fair, I ate a lot of hotdogs, hamburgers, fries, and fresh fruit. They always had fresh fruit; papaya, pineapple, watermelon, mango. The beach and the ground of the resort are absolutely beautiful, the beach is really big same with the swimming pools. Everything is clean, I never seen an bugs or spiders.We tried snorkeling, kayaking, and parasailing at the resort. Never had any problems. Overall we had a good time. The drinks always had lot of rum, that was there speciality drink. They have lots of slush drinks. We did 5 tours in Punta cana. There also is a market on the beach on the resort with 10 stores. When you bargain with them give them less than half of what there asking. The will ask for the most money they can get. Also me and my boyfriend got pictures done wtih a monkey and parrots. The pictures cost $8 US per picture. You can get these photos done between 9am-12:30 at the pool or down at the beach, you have to look for them.I hope some of this info is helpful. I would go back to this resort and recommend it to anyone. I was leary from reading previous reviews. Overall we had a relaxing time. The weather was hot and humid. It rain for an hour on one day we were there.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Phylharmonic
<Content>I loved the Ocean Blue My husband and I are 47-48 years old. We traveled with my 47-year-old divorced girlfriend to the Ocean Blue (April 24-29, 2006). This was my first trip to Punta Cana. Before our Punta Cana vacation, we've only traveled to Cancun twice (and stayed at the Moon Palace). I am very happy with the Ocean Blue Resort. We went for a 5-day vacation to get a little sun, sand, beach, and pool. Our rooms were located in Villa 4 (Rooms 4309 and 4310). Our room maid, Dora, kept our rooms very clean. I was pleased with our room. The rooms are dimly lit but that didn't bother me. We only visited one of the nice restaurants (My Grandma's House). I was very pleased with my seafood combo. We mostly ate at the buffets so we didn't have to adhere to the dress code. There is enough variety at the buffet for anyone to get satisfied. I particularly liked the evening meal with the oriental food buffet. We met our Bartender Edwin at the Beach Bar on our first night; he remembered all three of our names the next day and was our friend for the rest of the week!! Victor at the morning swim-up bar also became our friend. The two pools were good-sized. There were plenty of beach chairs but the usual fight for the first umbrella. My friend and I enjoyed the morning stretch on the beach and the water aerobics every morning with Reynauldo and Romeo -- the pool activities directors. These kids were fun, fun, fun! We also played water volleyball in the afternoon. The extent of our vacation was to wake early and go to bed early (10:30) so we didn't do any night activities. My husband did go to the Casino one night. I spent $44 for a 1-hour Catamaran lesson with Leo and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. I also enjoyed the morning walks on the beach. I would come to the Ocean Blue again. I am a very happy customer.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SD-Chi
<Content>Nice, not Great.       Beach in the morning  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hola senor - hola senoria We stayed at Ocean Blue from April 14 - April 24. My self, husband and 2 girls, ages 5 and 8. The check in process and staff at this point were great. The resort may have been filled to full capacity since it was Easter week, however you would not have known it. My focus is only to report to those parents who are curious about the kids program. So many others have written reviews on the food etc.Here is the scoop. The programs are truly for those ages 7-12. The younger children stay in the building and color, paint, or watch a movie during the open hours. The kids club opens at 9:45 and closes at 12:30, then re-opens at 3:00 and closes at 6:00 PM. The kids snacks are popsicles and popcorn.They do have a mini kids program nightly in the theater, where the kids can go on stage and dance. After the program they bring the kids to the disco. One thing to note, the staff does not bring the children back to the theater like in other resorts so heads up.The rock climbing is for ages 7 and up, and new rule is you have to wear socks with the rock climbing shoes so bring a pair.A tip on hair braiding 鈥?bring your own comb if you have fear of head lice. Some of the beads sit out in the sun so long they get hot and melt. Either bring your own 鈥減ony beads鈥?or check the beads out carefully before you have them added.We did go to the beach for braiding, instead of the hotel.Snorkeling at the Marinarium is a must. Our host was 鈥淪harkey鈥?and both parents and kids had a blast.We did have our pictures taken with the hotel photographer, $8 US per picture, and if you would like on a CD $5 US dollars per picture. You can pick which ones you would like and do not have to pay for all. For us- it worked out for a great family photo.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful vacation spot! Our first trip to Punta Cana. The Ocean Blue is beautiful. It is new, very clean, well designed. There are 10 vilas; nine restaurants, and an incredible swimming pool. The swimming pool is the highlight! My family (husband and I, three small daughters) thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The Ocean Blue is perfect if you are interested in relaxing and sunbathing by the pool or ocean. The employees were very helpful and friendly, although the service was slow at times. There are several excursions offered, although we opted to just relax and chill.I read several reviews before going, and had myself convinced we had made a dreadul mistake and was completely stressed out. And while I found a kernal of truth in several of the reviews, I must say that we had a very positive experience. If I offered one piece of advise it would be to keep in mind that you are in a third world country, and set your expectations accordingly. If you are looking for the kind of service you'd get at the Ritz, then I'd suggest that you don't come here. But if you are looking for a clean, beautiful place to relax and enjoy awesome weather, this is it. I found the staff to be extremely helpful, friendly and welcoming. Tip: bring a supply of one dollar bills and tip! In a country where the average wage for a typical resort worker is less than $100/month, a tip here and there is very much appreciated. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Vacation We have stayed at the Ocean Blue the weeks of 04/17 鈥?04/24 (actually returned a day earlier, but more about this later). PropertyThe resort itself looks really nice outside. It is not too big and not too small and everything seems to be conveniently located within minutes of walking or even faster if you take a trolley (you do have to wait for one 10-15 minutes, so we didn鈥檛 use it much). The architecture of the villas is very attractive. Not a lot of palms or other trees/plants on the property, but what they have pretty well taken care of. About twice a week, at night, a little truck drives around the property and sprays fumes (I guess this is to get rid of bugs). The smell is pretty strong, so not pleasing to be outside when they do that.RoomThis is what spoiled it for us. We arrived in the morning, around 10:00 am and didn鈥檛 get a room till 3:00 pm. We were given a room in villa 4, on the first floor. I usually don鈥檛 like staying on the first floor, but this time I didn鈥檛 mind since I traveled with a small child (23 months) and since there are no elevators in the buildings, staying on the first floor would be convenient - no dragging of a stroller to upper floors. As soon as we walked in the room, a strong musty/mold smell hit us. The bedding was damp and smelled bad. The furniture in the room was very tired looking. I don鈥檛 know on which flea market it was picked up. The bathroom vents had rust all over them. We did have enough water in the small fridge and you can always get more in one of the bars 鈥?no problem at all with bottled water. The patio is big, which is nice, my little son loved playing on it. Towards the end of our stay, we were disgusted with the room that we decided to leave early. Perhaps dampness and bad smell is not an issue on upper floors, so do make sure to ask for that.FoodWe ate mostly at the main Buffet Restaurant. Good, no problems, always found something to eat, although some dishes were completely weird. They do offer wide variety. The service is lacking though. They are not too quick to respond to you and the language is certainly makes it worse. Asked for milk for the baby, the waiter asked if I want red or white wine ?? We ate once at the Dominican Restaurant and it was very good and the service was speedy too.PoolsPools are big and nice We only went to the kiddy pool, but from I could see people were having a great time in the pools (the swim up bar definitely contributed to it :)BeachThis is were we had another disappointment. Not enough beach chairs at all and no huts. The water was sandy and a lot of sea weeds. You have to go in a few feet to get to more or less clear water. Boats are running all the time - noisy. That鈥檚 about it. If not for the awful room, we would probably had a better stay at this resort. We will not be going back to Ocean Blue.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jhanni
<Content>Worst service ever We had a group of six families (21 people) for the week of 4-13 to 4-20. When we arrived our rooms were ready. Two rooms had broken safes, one had a broken toilet, one had no electricity. When my one friend put her air conditioning card in on the wall, the whole thing fell off so she had to change rooms. The rooms are so dim that you can hardly see what you are doing. (My sister in law paid the technician $5 for 3 60-watt light bulbs). The next day there was no water for 1 1/2 hours around dinner time. The hotel and grounds are very nice but this is definitely not a 5 apple resort. I have stayed at the Iberostar and both Sunscapes and there is no way the Ocean Blue should be ranked amoungst the others. The hotel was full 600+ rooms and one bartender working the pool bar and beach bar. Most of the time you walked away empty handed because you got tired of waiting. The one bartender told me he hadn't had a day off in 28 days....no wonder he was moving slowly. The food was mediocre at best. The waiters in the ala carte restaurants were pretty good but not at the buffet. In the morning you would get a cup of coffee poured and never get a refill. They were definitely short staffed. My kids won a balloon toss at the beach and were told they would win teeshirts at the beach party that night. Well the beach party was cancelled (they didn't tell any of the guests, everyone went down to the beach to find out it was cancelled). We asked about the shirts the next day, the activities staff told us at the show tonight. Well, needless to say we left without any teeshirts. There were only two shows the entire week we were there which were awful. There were two female bartenders working in the lobby bar and I watched as about 15 people waited for drinks while one of the bartenders stood there cutting limes. They wouldn't even make eye contact with you. We have no problem tipping, but this didn't seem to help--they were very short-staffed. I enjoy the friendly-warm people of the Dominican Republic but none of them seemed to be working at the Ocean Blue.The resort is pretty and clean but the lousy service and technical difficulties outweigh the ambience.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation I have just returned from a 7 day stay at the Ocean Blue. I have never been on an all inclusive vacation before so I went in not having any real expectations.I travelled with a friend who is an avid all inclusive traveler so her expectations were pretty high. Overall both of us had a fantastic time and would suggest this resort to anyone. We stayed in Villa 7 and I would recommend that location if possible because it was pretty much right in the middle of everything so it wasn't a far walk to the beach or the restaurants. The resort itself is well spaced out--not too big and not too small. The beach was very clean as was the pool area. There were a few times where there were no lounge chairs on the beach so it's best to get your towell out there as early as possible.The food was better than I expected at both the buffet and the restaurants. We went to six of the a la carte restaurants and the best was the lobster dinner on the beach, definatley worth the $35! The shows at the theatre were good with a decent variety and there was plenty of seating. If you plan to eat at the a la carte restaurants, the best time to go is between 6:30 and 7:00 because after that there was a bit of a wait to get a table.The disco was a great time but be prepared for a younger crowd, mostly in their 20's which was fine for us because we both fit into that category. The music was a good mix including lots of Latin. The entertainers (in the blue shirts) were great and be prepared to be constantly pulled onto the dance floor.The only downside I can mention was the amount of solicitors pretty much everywhere. They wait for you in the morning at the buffet and then approach you again in the afternoon either on the beach or at the pool. We found if we firmly but politley said no, they didn't hassle us too much.We went on an excursion to the Marinarium to go snorkling with nurse sharks and manta rays and I would suggest to go there if you get a chance. It was an amazing expreience and the staff were so freidnly and helpful. My friend didn't swim very well and the guide took her the entire way to see the sharks and then back to the boat again. They just want you to have a good time while your there and go out of their way to make sure you do.All in all it was a great trip and I would go back in a flash.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unexpected, excellent Vacation!!!!!!! Im Wengler Sky Auction we arrived April 8 2006 We just returned from this wonderful resort, We stayed in a Junior Suite 5126 for 7 days and had the best vacation ever. ! We absolutely loved it in Ocean Blue! This hotel is really first class! The first night i thought the shower was broke and called the guest service and they were there in 5 minutes. We just didn鈥檛 know how to operate shower. The food was excellent especially at La Casa de Buela! Also the buffet is wonderful. The beach is quiet and clean. But the best thing is the staff polite. But its normal when you have a general manager like Alberto Smith, I have the opportunity to speak with him in the lobby bar, with his enthusiasm and disposition his employees follow him and have his line up. But better than that I lost my PC DELL in the lobby and I knew Julisa Guest service She is wonderful, the Duke it鈥檚 a nice person, he love the money but he is a resolved. Anyways days latter before leave I went to guest Service and was there the Pc with my entire Document, and all the money, for me was UNEXPECTED. ). Anyway we will definitely go back next year. And the next.......  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MimigirlJackson_NJ
<Content>Our stay 4/3-4/10/06 Our stay began with a pool room view on the 3rd floor in Villa 5. Great location, in front of pool and close to beach. Room was very clean, not musty like I was told, great a/c, spacious, and nice balcony overlooking the pool and ocean view as well. We could have upgraded $60 per nite to a room closer to the beach, but declined to be more central in the resort. Our reviews of the restaurants are as follows: Italian - Good, Dominican - Good, Mexican - Good, Buffets - Good. The service in the restaurants is a little slow, you must be prepared to wait and be patient. A few nights were better than the others. Getting to the dinners early is best, less crowded. The lack of communication in speaking to the Hostess was the biggest problem. Speaking spanish is definitely a plus. Sometimes the wait to get in was 15 min. to 1/2 hr., but worth the wait. Everything does taste different than you are used to. We are not picky, so all went smoothly. It was my birthday the night at the Dominican Restaurant, My husband tipped them to get a cake, with my name(spelt wrong, but its the thought right?) and after the lights went out,we thought a power failure which occurs occasionally, the cake came out with candles and all. The strawberry shortcake was awesome, drizzled in dark chocolate. Most chocolate they use is the dark which I love. You occasionally get fruit, bananas, pineapple covered in chocolate at the buffets. Ummm. The Swim-up bars are cool. The pools are beautiful, clean, and very large. Each day there is a schedule of events which can keep you busy, entertained if you wish. The beach area is terrific, one of the best of all the resorts. The setup of the resort is terrific. Flows well, and trams frequently circling the paths make a long walk a great ride! The daily photographic sessions with the Monkey,and various birds are fun. They post them in the Photo Shop and for $8 they are yours! I did buy one! The usual friday night vendors that come are expensive, but talk them down. They set up in the front by the lobby. You can usually offer 1/3or 1/4 and they will take it. They irratated my husband with their badgering, I just say no I am not interested and move on. Also on the left as you enter the beach there are huts with vendors you can really bargain with. Same badgering, just say no and ignore them. Noone ever got physical or threatening.Through the resort we booked golf. My husband Golfed 5 of the 7 days at the White Sands course right in front of the resort. 9 holes, nice course, he would play 2x(18 holes). A little challenging even after so many times in a few days! Ask for a free round, you'll probably get one like us. Price was $70. He brought his clubs. No caddie required. The DR cigars he bought were well enjoyed! About $8 ea. some less. We took a 1/2 hour helicopter ride which was our highlight! About $114 per person and worth every penny. Flew up the coast, circled the resort and saw the various sights. It was awesome. Great pictures!! Also 2 hr.Horseback riding at the Pat Ranch was awesome. ($50)Not your traditional horse from America. Paso Fino type gates! which was fun. I am experienced, my husbands first time!! Horses were great!! Ended up on the beach and stopped eventually for a fresh coconut milk break. Unfortunately, stopped to help save a trio stuck in the undertow (yelling help... help!!!!) on a deserted part of the beach. That was scarey!! I prayed they wouldn't drown, and thank God he spared all their lives. Please BE CAREFUL when you swim alone. Our experience was fabulous. The employees were all happy and nice. We did tip our room cleaner when we got there($20) and asked her to keep the fridge full of water and she did. We would put a few in the freezer section which was nicely defrosting while walking on the Hot beach. Not many shells at all. A few tiny ones. The beach walks brought a few laughs of the topless women that walked along. Us Americans aren't used to that. Most were older, real older!!;) Anyway, your time is what you make of it so make it great and thank God for the opportunity and the wonderful life we have at Home!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Wedding - Video/ Photogragher is a scam though Perfect wedding! Food, Wedding co-ordinator and staff amazing.Still waiting for our wedding video we paid for. Can not get a reply from the Video/Photo shop guy to get a tracking number for the video he said he sent. Been two weeks, hopefully it is on it's way. Amazing time, Amazing place.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thatswatt
<Content>Perfect Just came back from an excellent week at the ocean blue. I went down with a group of 17 and everyone agreed...a great time had by all.We arrived in the evening on Thursday and check in was fast. In less than an hour our entire group was back at the lobby enjoying a few drinks.On Saturday we were married...went off without a hitch. Unfortunately it rained the day of our wedding so we had to get married inside! Although we are lacking the classic palm tree pictures our wedding coordinator did an excellent job of making everything beautful and as stress free as possible.Highlights of the resortThe staff: The people that work at this resort are absolutley amazing. They are so friendly, helpful and generally awesome. They always want to give you a drink, talk to you, or just generally be friendly. All you have to do is say Hello to these people and they will do anything for you.The food: The buffet is great...especially breakfast. They had different food out every night. Everybody was always able to find something to eat. The staff at the buffet are also great. All the restaurants were good except Route 66. We especially loved Le Cana...at the beach. Other members of our group thought Italian was the best. In other words, the food is good.The resort itself: The resort is beautiful. Not too big, not too small. You can walk from end to end in about 7-8 minutes...and that is strolling at a leisurely pace. The singing rocks make the journey particularly enjoyable.The Beach: Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful...very central and you can walk for miles. There is a row of shopping huts right on the beach next to the resort.Downsides:...not really any! 1 member of our group had trouble with their safe. Nothing was missing they just had trouble getting it to close....and the repair men work on a dominican schedule...a little slow to respond!...could have been a little more nightlife.Overall we would return to this resort in a heartbeat. Please enjoy it as much as we did!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Darlox
<Content>Perfect for the tourist who wants a less-raucous vacation! This resort is very nice! I think a lot of the negative comments are from people who might not have been this resort's target audience... Read on, but if you're the type of traveller who can muddle through in a couple different languages, and doesn't want every destination to be as Americanized as Miami Beach, you'll probably love this resort!!Ocean Blue was an outstanding property that seemed to cater mostly to Europeans, not Americans -- though there were just a TON of Canadians there when we were. Most of the staff spoke Spanish, French, German and English fluently, with English being their weakest language in a lot of cases. If you spoke either Spanish or French (which we did), you could carry on a conversation with anybody on the property. The front desk and front-line-hospitality staff all spoke fluent English, of course, but it definitely gave you the impression that Americans were not this resort's #1 target audience. Asking pool attendants for things in English occasionally got you nowhere, but doing it in Spanish or French got immediate comprehension and results!FOOD:For an all-inclusive, the food was outstanding. Even the main buffet restaurant food was delicious, with separate meat, seafood, pasta, stir-fry and hot dessert grill stations for made-to-order stuff in addition to the 5 islands of steamer trays, each with different contents. The Mexican, Italian and Dominican restaurants were delicious. The American restaurant (Route 66) was not very good, with poor BBQ ribs and tough steaks. Again, you have to pick your audience here -- all of the seafood dishes were great, and so were the local ethnic dishes such as the stewed goat. If you're a pizza-and-ribs sort of person, you'll be disappointed, but if you have widely-ranging culinary tastes, it was good enough to surprise us from an all-inclusive!ROOMS:The rooms were large, comfortable, and well-kept. All rooms had a large jacuzzi tub with shower, double sinks, and a spacious balcony with furniture. Every room had its own fridge, kept well-stocked as a complimentary mini-bar with water, a selection of sodas and beer. We did discover that you got MUCH better housekeeping if you tipped a dollar a day or so, than without. Folks in our group who left nothing got two clean towels, two bottles of water, and two beers. We left $2 a day, and got a stack of towels, a fridge literally FULL of water bottles, and six-packs of beer.WATER:The beach and two pools were great. The beaches all seemed a little seaweedy, with a lot of kelp growing just off-shore. Having walked a couple miles up the beach in either direction, though, this seemed common of the area, and Ocean Blue was no better or worse than anywhere else. The pools were outstanding! Two swim-up bars, sloped beach-like pool areas, partially-submerged built-in water lounges, and bubbling mini-spas around the edges. Plenty of lounge chairs, though perhaps could have done with a few more umbrellas or sun shades.STUFF TO DO:Other amenities included a bowling alley, pool hall, foosball and ping pong tables, air hockey, nice full-range coffee shop/cafe, an almost-24-hour sports bar (11AM-6AM), full spa, full service watersports center, an exercise room, casino, all-night disco and nightly live shows in the theater. The live shows were completely corny, but still fun to watch -- even if you were laughing _at_ them instead of _with_ them... More bars and mini-buffets than you can even count. If you can walk 50 paces, you can get a drink and a quick bite somewhere.Overall, everyone in our group had a great time! Ocean Blue is definitely not for all American tourists, but if one of your pet peeves about vacations is too many obnoxious American tourists then this place is DEFINITELY for you. The crowd was much less raucous, much better dressed, and generally more polite than what we found at some of the other resorts, even just visiting. Had a great trip!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rainbowfish
<Content>Mixed feeling More good then bad! We stayed at the Ocean Blue from March 29-April 4.I cant say that we had a great vacation but it was just ok. The main reason is due to sickness. My 9yr old son was sick the 2nd evening and the entire next day. Then my husband and I became sick as well. I was violently ill had to have a doctor in to hook me up to IV to rehydrate me as I passed out 5 times in the bathroom. We will never know what it came from maybe we brought it from home. Doctor gave me antibiotic for stomach after 24 hours was feeling a bit better. Maybe it was from hotel. I did hear several people complaining. The hotel rooms were very nice but a bit dark. The pools were awesome. The kids loved them and as long as we were out by 8 to 830am we usually found chairs along with umbrella. You could go to pool much later for chairs only. We always noticed empty chairs at the beach. We loved all the activities for the kids. We had 2 and a half rainy days so that was great to keep the kids busy. We did not like the ala cart food. Thought the buffet had better food. Food overall was just ok. By no means would it ruin our vacation. We could survive again but have had better food on our stays at Iberostar. The service was great at the ala cart restaurants. It was also ok for dinner in the buffet but seems as though breakfast was slow. Never had coffee until we were almost through breakfast. Again something Im not used to but didnt ruin vacation just small things I have come to expect at the Iberostar. Our room was not cleaned one day. Again ok with us but I believe service is lacking somewhat at the hotel. The staff are all incredibly nice always a smile. I wonder if they are a bit understaffed? The employees work sooo hard and for so many hours I dont know where the happy attitude comes from. Very impressed with the whole attitude.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dave9895
<Content>Good value My girlfriend and I spent 10 days, 9 nights at Ocean Blue (March 23rd - 31st)...and for the most part had a great time. My thoughts are listed below.Punta Cana: We did not leave the resort once we got there. The cab ride from the airport to the resort was hilarious. The guy didn't speak a word the entire trip, drove like a mad man, and how he didn't kill one of the guys riding along the side of the road on old motorcycles is beyond me!!! The guy would pass when there were cars coming the other way....he would pass on a corner when you couldn't see what was coming....it was funny, yet scary as he## at the same time :) The way they live is incredible. The living conditions are like nothing I've ever seen. It's nothing but poverty....very sad. Resort: The grounds are beautiful. Very well maintained, very well laid out. Seriously, the only negative thing that I can say about it is that it is VERY slippery when it's wet. Food: We stuck with the buffet. We heard and read mixed reviews on the various restaurants, and to be honest...we were very happy with the selection and quality of food at the buffet. We are usually not buffet people, but it was really good. Entertainment: Wasn't really impressed. It's a really nice venue that they have...but I've seen better entertainment at other resorts that I've been to. Honestly, the entertainment is not the most important thing to me. I would like to see them have more choices for adults to mingle at night. Most people hung out atthe lobby bar which was nice....but we usually ended up at the sports bar. The bar tender (Livio) was absolutely the best!! He was so nice to us the entire trip, and I would go back to the D.R. just to see him!! What a good guy! He didn't speak a lot of English....and I speak NO Spanish...girlfriend speaks a little, but not much. But we managed to communicate with him and had a great time. Pools: The pools were large, beautiful and very clean. Beach: The beach was probably as nice as any I've been to. (Hawaii, St. Maarten, St. Barts, Aruba, Mayan Riviera) They really are gorgeous!Rooms: The rooms were not bad at all. The do get a little musty smell some times...but it's freakin humid there! Not a big issue. Like others have said....your clothes always feel a little damp. It would have been nice to have laundry facilities there...luckily we took enough clothes to last for a month!! :) We were in Villa #8, 3rd floor, overlooking the pool. I would NOT want to have a room on the back side of the resort with the Garden View....there is no garden. All rooms have a nice large balcony. The rooms are VERY dark...not sure what the deal is with that?!?! Staff: I thought for the most part the staff was very nice. Our maid was very friendly after the first few days. I think they are very timid people by nature....but they seem to open up once you do. They TRULY do appreciate tips....the bartenders, the maids, the wait staff in the restuarants etc...even though it's an All-Inclusive....a few bucks from you means a heck of a lot to them. We took $100 in $1 bills to use for tips. Weather: sigh...it wasn't as nice as I had hoped. The first 3 days were gorgeous! 4th day was mostly cloudy and rainy. The 5th days was torrential downpour for most of the day. Day 6....more of the same. Clouds, sun, rain. Day 7 was pretty mice...day 8 was mostly cloudy....day 9 was gorgeous...and the day we came home absolutely poured the entire day! Luckily we got plenty of sun the first 3 days because we only had 2 other REALLY nice days the entire trip. Advice: Take plently of sunscreen (I used 30 on my face and 15 on the rest of me and got great color without burning), chapstick with SPF protection, insulated mug...and yes, take a couple rolls of toilet paper. You'll thank me later.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Canadians have a great time@ the Ocean Blue We stayed at the Ocean Blue the week of March 18-25th.When we got to the Ocean Blue one of our suitcaseswas missing.It was left at one of the earlier stops from the airport.We told our Rep and had no problem.The bus went right back to the other resorts and we got our luggage in about 20 mins.Our check in went fast.Our rooms were not ready until 3.We left ourluggage in the lobby.The Bellman Watches them and we went to the Buffet for lunch.After spending our last two trips in Cuba we were a little unsure of what to expect with food selection.All I can say is that we thought we died and went to Buffet Heaven in comparison to the 4 star resorts in Cuba.All week there was lots of selection and something for all.Even Hienz ketchup and mustard.We loved Mikes coffee and tea house.Great cheesecake!!!The resort is big to walk but a trolly comes by about every 15 minutes to catch a drive to the beach or lobby.If you forget anything at home,the store on the resort has a good selection.It's a little pricey but at least they it!The pools are HUGE!!!The second swim up bar with Victor is the busier of the Two swim up bars.The beach is Beautiful.Not much shade and all the reviews that say that you need to put your towels out early are true.I went down to the beach @ 7;15 in the morning and only one shaded space was left.Lots of spaces by the pools,but none with shade.There is a photographer that goes around and takes photos with a parrot;a monkey or cockatoos.You can buy them in the photo shop on the resort.They also take fun in the sun pictures if you want.The quality is excellent and the pictures a good keepsake of your trip.The rooms are very clean and if you don't have hot water right away,try running the water a few minutes;this usually worked.Our room in Villa 9 was close to the pool and our view was a vacant lot.We really didn't spend any time in our room so a great view was not our priority.I think you should know our maid was a man.I left stuff for him every day.Our fridge was always stocked and if you need diet pop they have diet pepsi. We always had facecloths and lots of towels.This resort was very,very clean and the staff are trying to make your stay wonderful.The only downfall is the reps from ROYAL.They are all over the resort to get you to buy time shares.After a few days of saying NO they just left us alone.We would recommend this resort to all.Our Transat Rep Emily was GREAT!If you need anything,she's very helpful.I think we've seen the last of Cuba! It's the DR from now on!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A satisfied stay at the Ocean Blue Our travel group decided on the Dominican Republic's Ocean Blue Golf  Beach Resort, with a little help from our travel agent and Apple Vacations. With the damage from the recent hurricane to Cancun, and the subsequent increase in travel fares to the Mexican Carribean (who was the marketing genious here?) Punta Cana became very attractive. Our stay started 03-20-06 and ended 03/27/06. The flight down was great, but that has nothing to do with the resort, so I won't mention anything more of it. We arrived at Punta Cana's thatched roof airport and after a very brief check in, were whisked away to our resort by air conditioned bus. What a resort, the Ocean Blue is huge. It takes a few moments to walk from one end to the other and that suited us just fine. I would recommend the biggest group you can find to travel there with. There were seven of us for this trip. The resort is big, but there isn't really a whole lot to do in Punta Cana. There is more than I had read prior to traveling there, though. If you are adventurous, take a banana boat ride from the beach (whoo yeah). You can take little day trips if you are into that and some folks had good things to say about a few of them, but we stayed at the resort. That is why you are reading this, right? The outside areas were very clean. They scrub the stone and concrete every morning. This is no small task. The climate is very warm and humid; perfect for spending the 85 degree days at the beautiful huge pool area. There were plenty of lounge chairs and of course, the guests planted there towels on them very early in the morning as they do at other resorts, and left them there all day to mark their territory. Yes, you can get into an argument over it if you want. Try not to though, you are on vacation. We just adapted in our own special way. Punta Cana is about 5-10 years behind Cancun. The people there are ascending the ladder, but just haven't been doing it as long. Oh, about the people; they are as warm as people get. They are a gracious, sincere race and I cannot remember one instance where we were upset with any of the staff. Things do run a little slow there, but that seems to stem from their laid back approach to life. We have traveled together before and we all tip regardless of the all-inclusive packages. If you order a round, give the bartender a dollar or two. A buck will get you service while others who won't tip wait. It got us some warm hugs, too. You young men will love the se帽oritas there.O.K., the resort is huge and there are bars convenient to everywhere. They are in every eatery, on the beach, at the pool, lobby, etc. Their beer, El Presidente is a good pilsener (light, not heavy). You can get your Budweiser at the lobby bar if you ask, but why; you can order that when you return home. They make all kinds of island style mixed drinks and the old mainstays. They were all tasty. Oh, you may have read the people don't speak English, they do, just not perfectly. We speak very little Spanish and got along wonderfully with them. It was actually fun, you just have to be patient. Some spoke English or French quite well. As I said, they are going up the ladder. The food quality was about average in the buffets. I don't care for buffet style eating, though. Others in our group were quite happy with it. There is a big selection, but the buffet is the only place to get breakfast and lunch which was my biggest complaint. The dress up Casa de mi Abuela was our favorite and the staff and food was excellent. We ate dinner there twice. The American style Route 66 was also a pleasant surprise. We were quite satisfied with our visit there. We were also satisfied at Margaritas, but would rank it third of the sit down establishments. We never made it to the Italian I Mascherati. We also eschewed the two premium restaraunts. The nightly entertainment, a staple of these kind of resorts, was good. Very colorful, but loud! That was a complaint of the whole group. The rooms are spacious and indeed dark. I don't read in bed, but I could see how it would be difficult. This would be another issue they need to resolve. The air conditioning worked fine in our room. Good thing too, without it you would wilt and die in that climate. Stuff does not fully dry. That is not the resorts fault. Yes, sometimes the rooms smell musty, but again, fault the climate or turn down the A/C, freeze your room and run the ceiling fan. They do have a problem with face towels (don't call them washcloths, they don't understand the term). They don't seem to have enough of them. We just enjoyed it and made it our weeklong joke. The maid corrected me, they are called facia toallas. She did bring us a couple. The water did stop running one time. It quickly recovered and didn't ruin our trip. All in all I rate the Ocean Blue a 3.5 out of 5 as resorts go and 4 as Punta Cana resorts go. It's not perfect, but with a little more practice, could become close. We would definitely return and that about sums it all up.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>birchhill
<Content>Great vacation and Value It always amazes me that people can have such different experiences at the same place. We are a family of 5, w/ 3 teens/preteens. We are former New Yorkers. We have been to several AI's in both Punta Cana and Mexico. We stayed at the Ocean Blue from Mar 10-17. It is a lovely property and we had a great week.Some thoughts on AI's: An AI experience is not the Ritz or the 4 Seasons. If it was, you would be paying a lot more for your vacation. Few, if any, AI resorts, are true upscale traveling. So, no matter how many stars they have, set your expectations accordingly.Know what is important to you before you read reviews. Windy beaches are not great for sunbathing but they are for wind surfing. If you're not a big drinker, do you really care about the strength of the alcohol content in your drinks (they are free, after all)? If you have young children how important are the a la carte restaurants, when your kids really want nuggets and pasta from the buffets?On to the Ocean Blue: I won't redescribe the property or the rooms since that has been done and then some. Everything is clean, neat, and no bugs (at least the fewest we've experienced anywhere). Everything in our rooms worked fine. We had no problems w/ mold, the safe, door locks, the maid service. We don't get overly bothered by leaky showers (put down a towel), whether there are 2 or 4 beers in the fridge or what time they clean the room. We're on vacation. What we want is a great beach (we don't really get people who go to the Caribbean to sit by the pool), fun things to do, good weather, and decent food and service. Though Ocean Blue can't take credit for the weather (which was beautiful), they delivered in the other categories. Yes, you do need to get up early to get shade at the beach or the pool. Yes, it probably helps if you speak a little spanish (my high school spanish worked just fine, and it was MANY years ago). If you don't, learn a few words - fork, spoon, napkin, water, please, etc. Yes, the service can be slow - take a chill pill, you're on vacation. We did not tip and felt we were treated just fine. If you can, sit in the same general areas so the staff recognizes you. The food is fine - like every AI we've been to, it starts to get old by the end of the week. You are told to try to go to the a la carte restaurants after 8 pm b/c people are lined up when the doors open at 6:30. However, even at 8:15 we were told there were 30-45 minute waits, often b/c of large parties (not sure how they got reservations). So, we only ate at the Italian, which was mediocre, and then just stuck w/ the buffets. My sense is that though there are several restaurants, they are small, and there just isn't enough seating (combined w/ the slow service)to accomodate the number of guests on the property. Was this frustrating? Yes. Did it ruin our week? No. (We don't have high expectations for American or Italian food when we are in the Caribbean, after all). The resort could do a better job of trying to faciliate places for teens to meet each other. The basketball court we were told about did not exist. Hopefully they will build one - there is plenty of room. We took out a Hobie Cat, wind surfer and sea kayaks. My daughter did the climbing wall. We did the ATV rental trip and drove around Punta Cana which my sons loved. The folks we spoke with who did the all day safari tour felt it was very worthwhile. We played football in the water (no waves - very calm if you have young children). We played pool and went bowling. We went to several of the shows and they were fine (do people really expect Broadway?) We read a lot and walked on the beach. A fun time was had by all and for what we paid, it was a great value. Go and enjoy. Questions? Just ask.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KKAP
<Content>Great Place to Stay! Before traveling to Punta Cana I read several bad reviews of this hotel. People are too picky. You go on vacation to relax, not nit-pick every little thing. First of all, I found the service to be excellent. Our maid was great, we always had clean towels and lots of water, and we didn't even tip until the last day. As for the food, this resort had a wide selection, so if you can't find anything you like, you are the one with a problem. I thought the food was fantastic, especially dinner in the main buffett. People talked about getting up super early to lay towels out, this is only the case if you want shade, and most people lay be a pool to get some sun, so this wasn't a problem for us. The beach was great. Even though the water is roped off, there is plenty of room to swim around. Also, some of the water sports were included in the all-inclusive package. We went kayaking and had a great time. All in all, the Domincan Republic is not the United States, it's not the same. Things will be different, and all it takes is an open and flexible person to deal with these differences. If you need people to act the same way you expect to be treated in the United States go to Floridia. Personally, I found the hotel and staff to be above average.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>soccerdude
<Content>ocean blue was great My family visited the ocean blue resort in punta cana from march 20 thru march27.We had a fabulous time. We booked our trip thru apple vacations.We flew out of chicago via United airlines and arrived in Punta cana a 3:00 pm in the afternoon .It was wonderful to feel the warm air exiting the airplane.After getting our luggage we looked for the apple reps and found them.We were put into a van with three other couples and we started our adventure.The countryside around punta cana is very rural and the people do not live very well. after dropping off the two couples at their resorts we arrived at ocean blue.The stAFF at ocean blue unpacked our stuff and grinned at all our luggage.We are a family of six,so you can imagine!My husband got us checked in,I got us two drinks and the kids changed into their suits and went off running.We were put in villa 5 ocean side on the third floor in two rooms facing the pool.The rooms were not connecting but right next to each other.There are no connecting rooms at the resort.This is since you can have 5 people to a room if you want.However.we had six and we wanted space.The rooms were great and the maid kept them well stocked with drinks,water beer and soda,except we asked that the kids rooms be without beer.We loved our view of the pool.Each day we would watch people walking from 6:00 until 7:30 in the morning putting down towels.It was funny seeing alot of peple in their pj's.On march21 we had our first full day at the resort.We ate at the breakfast buffet which was loaded with everything imaginable from pastries,donuts salmon,eggsfrench toast,fruit galore,cerals,bacon sausage,no one left hungry.Off to the pools and beach.the beach is beautiful with many shaded ares if you so desire.Their are two pools with the one closest to the beach as the one hundreds of families gathered to laugh and mingle.We always smiled to the staff with a hola and they smiled back.The staff work very very hard.If you smile and say hello and please and thankyou you will receive great service.The food was fine for our family at the buffet always enough choice for the picky eater wheather at breakfast at the main buffet or lunch at the beach.the ala cartes were ok,do not expect 5 star service or quality like you would at home.We preferred the buffet in the evening since it was ever changing for the whole family.The casino was small,not vegas even in a small sense.We did not attend the evening show,instead preferred to go to the lobby bar with live music until ten.After ten in the evening you ahd acouple of choices,stay in the lobby and mingle,or go to the disco which opened at 11:00p.m. or go to beach bar and relax with the ocean breeze and a drink. We had a wonderful time at ocean blue.Also we met somee really wonderful people from Paris,belgium,canada,maryland newyork,minnesoda,chicago,germany.Our kids mat so many friends that they were busy all day long.I will end this review as saying go to ocean blu resort with a smile and to relax and you will have a great time.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time MY husband and I had a great time at the resort. We arrived at the hotel around 11pm and it was a bit confusing for us to try and figure out how to check in,but once we found the check in on the right side of the lobby it went smoothly. We requested a king bed, were told we had one and when we got to the room there were 2 queens(a little disappointing) and some of the tile was coming off in the bathroom. we decided not to try and change rooms because we did not want the hassle. we were able to get a burger at the sports bar-not to good, went to bed. Next day was great. we found the people very friendly and helpful. food was good. our meals at the Italian, American were really good. We got there at 5:45 to eat at 6:30 because of the lines.Other people we talked to did not have good meals at these restuarants. It is kind of hit or miss. Buffets were great, spa massagegreat, ok workout room,needs to open earlier than 8am very crowded early. Lobster at seafood place very good. Not the best place we havebeen to but we would go back and take the kids. Safari adv. very fun. nice getaway for us  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>4katz
<Content>Loved the Ocean Blue We stayed at Ocean Blue for our 10yr anniversary and loved it.The rooms were very nice and spacious and a little musty but if you kept your air conditioning on the smell went away. (only suggestion bring wash clothes with you)The pools are wonderful, and the pool bar where we met other people from the midwest, boston, and canada was a great time. Great drinks!!!We ate at the Dominican (our favorite) garlic shrimp and garlic fish. We also ate at the Mexican and Italian which were also good. The buffet for breakfast was very good, for even the pickist eaters. The fresh bakery, breads, juices, and fruits were so good. The beach buffet was also very good with chicken, burgers,hot dogs, pastas and both buffets a good variety of desserts.The lobby bar was very nice to sit and have cocktails and listen to the jazz, and meet people from all walks of life. (Tip for families with children 14yrs old and up they will serve liquor to them at the lobby bar, they do not check the bands to see if they are under age, they are very liberal with the 18yr drinking age)  Yes the food is different here, and also the language. So if you expect everything to be the same as the US then you shouldnt go to Punta Cana. Enjoy the differences, enjoy the local food and drinks,your on vacation, be adventurous!!!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice resort but.......       pool #1 from balcony  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An enjoyable honeymoon in the Carribean We went to the Ocean Blue for our honeymoon. Personally, I found this to be a real good time with only a couple of small setbacks.First, the good/great things about the resort. We booked through Apple vacations but they ended up putting us in Villa 6(along with Villa 7) is the best to stay. We tipped our maid a nice big portion the first day and she kept our room stocked with towels and drinks everyday. It did take a while to have our room cleaned each day but it was worth it. The food was good there but it was a touch on the bland side. I am not much into salting my food, but I had to salt everything while I was there. The Italian and the beach restaurants were amazing with there service and the food. We ate there and the buffet exclusively. I will tell you why belowThe bars, like the maid service, I tipped big the first day and I had there attention the whole time. Also, the Sports Bar was fantastic! The beach was nice and that is where we stayed almost the whole time, beautiful weather. Shopping was touchy, I had a small problem of one of the vendors grabbing my wife's arm as we were walking along, but the best thing is to do is get about 3,000 pesos and stick to your guns on bartering. Offer about 2/3rds less than what they want and if they negotiating just tell them that you are leaving. They will accept...TRUST ME!!!The bad or poor, Route 66 was horrific. We went there the first time and we tried to get a menu, but kept telling us to hold on...we were one of the first people in the place, so we left. We tried it one other time, but they got my wife's order right, but failed twice that night, again we left. The Mexican restaurant was about the same. I had to walk to the lobby bar to get drinks and bring them back. When we did get served our food, it was cold. DO NOT go the Casino unless you want to hand them your money, the blackjack dealer was a tad shady and had to catch her once when we won. The last was the bowling...we were the only ones in there and one of the workers decided that he was going to play...RIGHT BESIDE US!!!! Annoying!!!Overall, my wife and I enjoyed ourselves tremendously and it was a great honeymoon, but we probably would not go bact to the Dominican, unless the price was right.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't have been better I Chose the Ocean Blue Resort on a whim...Not really knowing what to expect.My husband said If it's bad it's your fault...Well, it was great  he now tells everyone about our trip.Check in/out service was great. very quick. We got there before 3pm so our rooms weren't ready but they quickly gave us the arm band and told us to have lunch and start using the pool, etc. Just have your suit ready to change into and they even watch your luggage all day.The pool and swim up bar area is where we spent all of our time. There were plenty of chairs available. If you want shade get up early to get chairs. We never did that but instead always had lunch between 23 to get a break from the sun. Phillipe, the bartender, at the far swimup bar close to the beach was awesome. Very fun and made us all of his special drinks. (They don't skimp on alcohol in theis resort. You'll get plenty)We didn't feel the need to tip during the week at the outside bars and still got great service. On our last day we brought the big tip down and thanked them for all they did during the week. They really appreciated it.The food was really good. We like the Dominican and Itailian restaurants best. The buffets had plenty to choose from. I want to say again the drinks were good with lots of alchol. It would be a great place to travel to with frineds but there were plenty of opportunities to meet people and some new friends. We met some great Canadians who we played cards with nightly. We're from Wisconsin and met a lot of people from the midwest also. Meet people by the swimups by day and then hook up for drinks in the lobby bar in the evening.Last but not least-very relaxing. If you want stuff to do  places to go it's there. If you want to just sleep in  then go to the pool/becach and relax it's what we recommend. We'll be back again w/more friends in tow for sure.ENJOY!!!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel poor service Spent the week of March 7th-14th 2006 and had wonderful weather. If you go brush up on your spanish because the help can speak very little English. The resort was beautiful but the rooms smelled very musty I don't think they are cleaned very well. The food was very tasty and the variety of restaurants was wonderful but the service was horrible. The employees enthusiasm was definitely lacking. If you flashed the waiters and bartenders cash things seemed to pick up dramatically which wasn't fair since it was suppose to be all inclusive. The other thing I thought it lacked was no wait service at the pool or on the beach it was all self serve but I guess that is normal for the area. I guess I was spoiled in Mexico and Jamaica. Also if you did not get to the sit down restaurants by 6:30 when they opened and put your name in you may as well forget about eating there and go to the buffet because you won't get in, even though a couple of times we saw many empty tables.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A positive among the negative After reading all of the negative reviews I guess you have to remember that not everyone is going to be happy. My husband and I returned to Punta Cana for the second time in 2 years and we thought this hotel was even better than the first. The hotel was so nice!! Everything is so pretty. There is nothing cheap or trashy about it. All the workers were so friendly. The man who checked us in remembered us everytime we saw him around the resort. Granted, their English is a little broken, you must remember we are in their country. The food was OK. It seemed to be their version of other countries foods. But, there is so much to choose from you should be able to find something that you like. We loved the Mexican resturant. The lobby bar was great and we loved all the bartenders there! The guys on the sax and keyboard were very good. Sometimes it got kind-of loud but, there were plenty of other places you could go and hang out. The bowling alley was a lot of fun! The pools were just wonderful and the pool bars even better!!! Our room was super. There was nothing that we didn't like about it. We always had hot water. I wish the ocean wasn't roped off so close to the shore but, as fast as the boats were going by I wouldn't dare go past the ropes. I can't think of anything that wasn't up to par about the resort. If you want a wonderful week in paradise then this is the place. It was the best money we spent on a great week of relaxation.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok ... But Just returned from staying 7 days at the Ocean Blue, which included the all inclusive package. Overall, the vacation was OK but with unpleasant expierences. In particular, the grounds are well kept and clean. The resort, compared to other places, is not overwhealming because of its smaller size and ease to get around. The rooms are clean, however, they is a constant musty smell present. The pool is very nice, however, shade is woefully lacking and, moreover, the hotel does not provide any where close to an adequate number of umbrellas or tables. While we were there one of the hot tub was broken and never repaired (this made the other hot tub always full).The bar offered all the usual tropical drinks, which were just fair, however, anything outside the norm was impossible to get (e. g. whiskey or Coke or a gin and tonic). In addition, at various time during our stay some of the bar equipment was always broken, which prevent you from getting either ice, beer, or a certain type of drink. There was no bar service at the pool or in the lounge areas either - it was always self service, with the wait staff always expecting a tip. And although bottle water is included (do not drink the water or brush your teeth with anything but bottle water), the wait staff always appear to be mad when you ask for one.With respect to the food/restaurants, our expierences were not always positive. Specifically, expect a long wait to get into the La Cart resturants; and once in, the service will be very poor; and, moreover, do not expect to get what you ordered either. Also, while the La cart resturants have a dress code this can by passed by giving the greeter a bribe. Overall, the food was only fair and, for the msot part, down right bad. Twice during our stay private parties took over one of the restaurant, which added to the wait time. However, on the positive side, the main buffet was very good (it exceeded our expectation). The lunch buffet (at the beach) was OK, however, it always had dirty tables and poor service.Be prepared to tip, even for things that should be included (perhaps bribe would be a better word to use). For example, you always have to tip housekeeping to get them to provide you with an adequate number of towels and wash clothes and, moreover, to stock you bar with water and beer (it was to be included in the all inclusive package). Also, when we checked in it took another tip (bribe), to get the rooms we were initially confirmed with (we need adjoing rooms because of a 19 month old baby). In addition, and this was very annoying, the hotel does not take credit cards, or offer ATM servcie (the ATM has been broken for weeks), or does it allow any charging to your room (for purchases from the shops), or does the front desk make change. Be sure to bring an adequate supply of cash with you, particularly ones and fives.Overall, the wait staff (an d guest service) at the resort is poor and lacking. From my perspective, this is directly due to the lack of management present or avilable to talk with. It is highly evident from the poor servcie that the staff has not been adequately trained.Finally to note, although entertaiment is included with the all inclusive package do not expect much. The boweling center is lame as is the gambling Casino (from my expierences traveling around the world, this one was the worst). And, moreover, the kid's recreational center is horrible. Most the toys are broken, the grounds is dotted with unsafe objects and dangerous conditions (e.g. open pits and the staff spitting in the children playing area). The beach area is not that great either; trash is always present; the swiming area is very small; no bar service; the ocean is always full of seaweed; and the free snorkling is also poor (they expect you to book one of their excursion if you want beeter). Sadley, through all of this the Apple or resort representatives were never available or were they willing to assist you for any reason unless it had to do with a tip or booking a paid for excursion.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Pudlock
<Content>Ocean Blue Golf  We visited Ocean Blue in Oct./05, I booked to go back in Nov./05- Arrived Feb. 20 to Mar. 6/06. We had 2 rooms confirmed via: e-mail that was close to everything for my handicapped mother, and another mother  daughter who was meeting us there. WE HAD TO WAIT 4 HRS. FOR A ROOM. Duke in guest services said the room was being cleaned. He lied - the room had late check out and the other room had people in there for 4 more days. Danillo, gave us rooms which were in villa 3 and villa 4 (separately us from our friends) We were supposed to have adjoining rooms in villa 3 on the ground floor. My friends mother fell one night, went to hospital, cutting her lip, broke her front tooth, and had to had a cast put on her fractured wrist. There are no handrails on stairs, yet they have handicapped rooms? There are no benches to sit on in front of each villa to wait for the trolly that drives you around. Therefore senior citizens have to stand for 15 min. to wait for trolly. The hotel knew of our friends accident and showed no concern DURING THE WHOLE VISIT.! These senior mothers we were with are both in their 80's. The shows ------ compared to Oct. /05. I was told by the Ent. Mrg. (Edward) this was a FAMILY resort, yet animation team was allowed to dance with young woman guests like they were in HEAT! 15 yr. olds were drinking and doing shots in the disco, and was allowed. They have a Meet the managers cocktail, but it's only on introduction and then you never see them again. The managers do not mingle with the guests to hear ideas on how to improve the resort. They fired all the good, fun people who did mingle with guests from Oct. /05. No one knows what's going on unless you go to guest services and pick up your own daily schedule and TRY to read a jammed up activities schedule for 2 weeks. The shows are usually switched, so don't go by schedule. I was going to enter the Karaoke one night and the guy didn't show up to do the Karaoke! The set up for the resort is good and the food is excellent. THere is way too much DIS-ORGANIZATION in the hotel. The keyboard player  sax player in the lobby are EXCELLENT also. It was very frustrating  disturbing to wait 4 hrs. for rooms we were promised 3 months ahead, and confirmed Jan. 20 (l month before arrival) Try waiting in the lobby for 4 hrs. with 2 - 80 year olds. Carol Pudlock, Cleveland Ohio  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>poor mangement and terrible entertainment mom and i stayed for 10 days and after 2 mom had the misforture of falling down and breaking her wrist. Mom is 81 and in great health and walks better than I do. There was noone at the resort that asked about her or cared . Thats not a safe place. No hand rails on any steps to restaurants or the lobby. A big problem with communication. Noone spoke english. We were supposed to have rooms with another mother and daughter that were next to each other and the resort. We planned it 4 months ago and said everything was all set. They didnt accomadate us, even after saying it was all arranged. The night life was dreadful! The entertainment was horrific!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Be Warned We just returned from a trip to the Ocean Blue with another couple. She is pregnant, so we most certainly were not looking for a party atmosphere and all of us have lived in Europe at one point or another, so I would consider us extrememly well traveled. That being said, here goes the review:Yes, the resort is gorgeous. I had been to Punta Cana before and the Ocean Blue definitley puts the other resort to shame in terms of the layout, the rooms, and the pool area. Therefore, it is an even greater shame that their employees just don't seem to care about the resort, or it's visitors.Our friends had no hot water the entire time we were there. Yes they sent maintenance up (every day since they were never actually able to fix it), but who wants to spend their entire vacation waiting for maintenance? Thank God we were in a room next door to theirs so that they could use our shower. The most upsetting part about this is that there was never an apology, never an offer to transfer them to another room, nothing. Just sitting and waiting for maintenance workers EVERY DAY. On the final day, the pins in the back of their toilet popped out and the bathroom flooded. When they called customer relations, they were told to wait until nine when maintenance would be in. The only reason someone came up to stop the water from gushing was when the maid saw what was happening and placed a frantic phone call. Lovely.My key ceased working twice during our four days there. The first time luckily I I ran into a worker who let me into my room. The other time I called from our friend's room, then waited for an HOUR AND A HALF for someone to come. When they didn't, I called for a third time and was promptly YELLED at by the man at the front desk. I need to clarify here that I am not at all a yeller, so I promise you I was not being rude or antagonizing him in any way. Finally, someone showed up, but with another key that did not work! So I was put in the back of a golf cart and taken up to the front desk (now over two hours from when I had initially wanted to retire for the evening). When I got the front desk, the man who had yelled at me basically tossed the key at me, and completely blew me off when I asked him why he had been so mean. He quite obviously did not care that I was on the brink of tears. Very nice.Our husbands had wanted to go to this resort because it is billed as a beach  golf resort. Please do not go here if you are planning on golfing. It was actually funny how little anyone knew about the golf course that is ON THEIR PROPERTY! Every concierge we asked had a different answer as to how much it cost (mind you we were actually staying in something called the Golf Junior Suite) - when the tee times were, where to catch the shuttle (or if there even WAS a shuttle), etc... Basically, no one at this resort knows anything about the resort and would rather you leave frustrated and angry rather than them having to actually DO something to find out the answer for you. I have never gotten so many blank stares or I don't knows, or irritated looks when they had to remove their cell phones from their ears to help out.These are just some of the examples of what happened during our trip. I hate to be such a complainer, but I just really don't want anyone to waste their money when you could go to MUCH nicer, more pleasant places like Turks  Caicos, Bermuda or even the Bahamas. Our friends will most likely be writing their own review as well, so you will see that we are not making this up.One last note, when we were leaving through our Elite Club private checkout and told them of all of the issues we had, again we were promptly blown off and then informed that we owed $30 for a bottle of wine. Talk about wanting to scream in frustration!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DeLorean_Guy
<Content>Nightmare on Ocean Blue Street Beware. Very disappointing despite reading many rave reviews. A non-functioning Rainforest bathroom and electrical problems in our room are some of the horrors you may experience here despite so many fabulous reviews.My wife  I (both 30) stayed Feb. 25 - March 4. Below I've tried to list facts about the resort, mixed in with our experience, which may change your mind about staying here.=Food=Having stayed at the incredible Breezes resort in Varadero last year, we were not ever expecting to find better food at a resort, but we were wrong.The food here is absolutely fantastic. The Fried Chicken puts KFC to shame. Spoons are scarce however. Ice cream and yogurt are available at the buffet, but there is often nothing to eat them with.=Room 2110=Our bathroom was the bane of our trip. The ceiling literally rained on us all week despite 3 calls to have the leak fixed. Our showerhead was broken off the wall, and twice in 7 days we had to call to have the stopper in our whirlpool tub unplugged. At night, we found it nearly impossible to sleep as our ceiling light continued to flash and flicker hours after turning it off.=English=YES! Everybody on the resort speaks English. Some better than others, but they all know a bit. The staff was very intelligent, as many of them knew four languages: English, French, Spanish and German.=Activities=The staff is very friendly and enthusiastic. They try hard to have you participate in water aerobics, learning the Ocean Blue dance, beach volleyball, etc.=Beach=Ocean Blue/Sand's section of beach was by far the best, up to 4 times deeper than the other resorts. Because there are so many boating activies going on in the water, a safe swimming zone is roped off.=Got Kids=If they're impressionable, you might want to cover their eyes as many of the women go topless.=Other=The entire resort lost water/plumbing for about half a day, but it was a minor glitch. Mixed drinks were always great, even though each bartender made them differently. The staff usually played really great music by the pool.=Conclusion=We did have a good time though, mostly because we avoided our bathroom, and lounged by the main swim-up bar all day long. That being said, we would never return to this resort.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sherrilit
<Content>Absolutely No Customer Service When we pulled up to the resort, we were overwhelmed at how beautiful everything was. From the decoration in the lobby to the pools, the beach and rooms, everything looks perfect on the surface. We were all checked in as VIPs at the Elite Club since this was booked through business, where you have concierge service and supposed 'special treatment' throughout the stay. It's only when you run into some issues that you start to realize that from top to bottom at this resort, nobody understands the importance of customer service or respect for the customers/clients. -No hot water for the entire trip, we had to shower in our friends room since maintenence was completely unresponsive after 4 days of phone calls.-When a pipe burst in the toilet early one morning, the front desk said to call back in an hour when someone else could help (only when we called back telling them their hotel rooms would flood did we get any type of action).-When spa appointments were running late, we didn't receive a call telling us - we were told upon arrival and were told to sit and wait.-When our friends were locked out of their room, it took well over an hour for a new key/security to arrive. When we called to check the status, we were yelled at.-This is called a Golf resort. Not one person knew costs, locations, how to arrange tee-times.-Upon check out, we asked for a bellman to arrive at our rooms and confirmed this in person. A bellman never showed and when we confronted the concierge who we spoke with, she had no resolution nor did she apologize for her mistake.At the end of the day, it was vacation. It was warm, sunny and mostly relaxing (other than the horrible service). The overwhelming theme here - no service, no apologies, no resolutions offered. If you do choose to go here, please go into it knowing exactly what to expect!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>1Tango
<Content>Ocean Blue            
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ralphNewYork_NewYork
<Content>Loved The Blue       View to the left from my balcony  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bcsystems
<Content>Above average resort in central location on the beach       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gatineau71
<Content>Above average, very clean and quiet resort Frequent Travelers. Just came back from a week at the Ocean Blue. This resort is new, clean and well located on the beach. Definitely one of the best place to stay in Punta Cana. From my experience, the few people I heard complaining were mostly people who had never travelled, or people who expected a party place, which the Ocean Blue is not. The place is couple/family oriented, quiet, and is above-average quality-wise. Overall Atmosphere:Quiet. Very well manicured property. Pool area extremely clean. Nice beach. Front area comprised of the Lobby area, 脿 la carte restaurants, Internet Caf茅, Bowling alley, shops, casino, Mike's coffe shop (Starbucks style) and the terrasses has a mini-Vegas feel. It's quieter, but really quaint, clean and nice. The Central portion, where all the villas are located, is nice and quiet. The nice promenade leading to the pool area adds a nice Ramblas-style) design element. Pools are very nice, large and clean. Unfortunately, more shaded areas would be required. Beach is very nice. Lots of chairs. Unfortunately, more shaded areas would be required. As for the pool, you have to get up at 7 a.m. to be able to get a shaded spot. Check-in/Check-out:Fast and effective. While we were there, we never saw line-ups at the front desk. Rooms: Regular rooms are large and clean. Mini-bar filled-up everyday with 2 seven-up, 2 pepsi (750ml) and 7 bottles of water. Deluxe rooms are not worth the price difference. Best regular rooms are located in villas 4-5 or 8-9 (more central, between beach and buffets, restaurants), 3rd floor (nobody walking on top of you), pool side (other rooms are facing adjacent hotels).Restaurants: Buffets are good. Superior to those of 4-5 stars Cuban resorts, but of course, you can't expect to get the exact same thing than what you have at home. Your still in a third-world country.脌 la carte restaurants are also quite good. The Mexican and Italian ones were our favourites. If you don't want to be disappointed, ask the waiters what meals they recommend. Their recommendations were always excellent. One other advantage: You don't need to make reservations to the 脌 la carte restaurants, it's first come first serve. There's always availabilities in one of those.Tipping:I never felt like I needed to tip to get good service there. There's so many staff anyway. You don't see the same people regularly (Unless you're the kind of people who spends time at the bar). This being said,we spent about 30-40 US dollars in tip. Mostly for the Maid, and the 脿 la carte retaurants. They appreciated.Swimming area at the beach: Because of undertow currents, swimming areas at the beach has been narrowed. Therefore, at the Ocean Blue, like at other hotels in Punta Cana, the depth of the swimming area vary from about 20 feet from the beach to 30-40 feet. You may want to go for a stroll a bit farther (at the Princess, for example) to get a wider, more sizeable swimming area. Overall: Certainly above average. Very good place. I'd go back there anytime. If you want a clean, relaxed place, you can't go wrong by choosing that place.Better than the Gran Paradise Hotel.. (Ocean Blue offers bigger rooms, more variety of food, more 脿 la carte restaurants, a bit fancier, etc.) Better than the Breezes (less crowded, pool area is so much better, more quiet.)  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great everything! I stayed at this resort in Feb. 2006 and had the best time! The resort is beautiful and very well kept. The service is superb, they do anything to make thier guests comfortable. You never have to travel far to a bar, as there are about ten of them. All the drinks are included, so you don't have to worry about bringing any cash. My only recommendation would be to get a room that faces the the pool, because you can see the activities that are going on and join them if you like. If your room does not face the pool, you'll be looking at a neighboring resort and a bunch of palm trees! Overall, my stay was great, the beach was sandy and the ocean water (and pool) quite warm! The perfect vacation!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No comparsion to other Resorts My family and I just returned from The Ocean Blue Beach and Golf Resort in Punta Cana.2/19-2/26/06.We have been to this area 3 times and stayed at the Iberostar Resort previously. The beach is beautiful,pool area beautiful and the food was really good. This resort was not up to the standard that we are accustomed to. Service is horrible, nothing is ready at the time it is suppose to be. No towels, no luggage and nothing for the kids to do. AT the Iberostar Resorts the staff is lively and fun! This is a very laid back resort with not much to do. I would not return to this hotel. WHen I travel I do not expect much I realize that I am in a different country and I take that into consideration before I judge the resort. This is not my type of resort and I am being kind.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again!! We were very disappointed! The people were friendly and our maid was wonderful. The resort was beautiful and the weather was excellent but that was it. Our first experience on an all inclusive vacation was not a good one at all. There were a lot of issues with things like no beer in our room like we were promised. We complained but never did receive the beer. No towels for the beach we had to wait for 2 hours to get towels. Not enough loungers on the resort, there were some loungers trucked in. An ATM that was out of order, access to money was a cash advance on your credit card in the casino but only if you were playing in the casino. The casino was very small with a lot of the slots not working. Gift shop prices were outrageous!! A couple of the resturants had a $35.00 extra charge per person, I already paid enough for the vacation. After 11PM, only place to eat was Overtime sports bar, service was very slow with 4 choices ( 1.5hr for burger and fries ) and the food was cold. Drinks that included milk products gave us upset stomachs. Food was not well labelled in the buffets, did not know what you were eating, food very bland. Sit down resturants, appetizers came out twice and our main meals came out twice definately needs some organization.Tours were okay but streets very dirty! After 11PM resort was like a ghosttown, nobody around very quiet. Not a place to have great party. Tried to change $US into pecos at front desk for tips, they say NO come back, go back and get same response. Hassled to no end by people from Royal promoting another resort, we would run away. No bathrobes in our room as promised. Water was sometimes cold when we showered. Beach buffet had very little variety of food. All beer was draft except for BUD, draft beer YULK! Music at the pool nonexistent except for aerobics time at 4PM. The list goes on and on. I was very glad to come home to the freezing cold and eat food that I recognized. I don't plan to go back. Not a good bang for your buck. All the things that fustrate you and should not because your suppose to be on vacation and worry free.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Beaches! We just returned from a one week stay at the Ocean Blue Golf  Beach Resort. It is a beautiful island with the nicest beaches I have ever seen. If you are a beach person and if vacation to you means sitting by the beach or the pool and taking it easy, then this is a great resort for you. The good stuff: Beach, pool, Mike's Coffee house, the gardens and grounds, the flamingos, the Jungle Safari tour, the Apple Vacations Reps, sea kayaking and large rooms.There were some aspects of this trip that would make us choose a different venue next time. Our room left a lot to be desired. The pillows were very lumpy, the bedding had a funny smell, and a warm shower was a rarity. The food was typical All-Inclusive food. Some of it good, a lot of it not so good, some of it unidentifiable. Ever had chicken wings in your stir fry? I have now. One big disappointement was the humpback whale excursion. We had read all about the humpback migration and were excited to go whale watching on this vacation. From Punta Cana, the only way to get to see the whales was to take a plane to a location that was about 5 hours away by car. It cost $250 per person which was more than we wanted to spend. If you are excited to go whale watching, don't choose Punta Cana. To see a bit of the island it is worth your time to take the Jungle Safari tour. You will spend a lot of the day in an open backed bus/jeep, but it is worth it to see how people live. Our tour guide was amazing-funny, smart, spoke great English, and was a wealth of information. We saw some beautiful countryside, had a great lunch that was probably the best meal of the trip, went bodyboarding at an amazing secluded beach, and met some local families. I wish that someone had told me to bring pens and pencils for the local children. They will come up to the bus to say hello and it would have been nice to give them something. The Jungle Safari promotes education and gives to the local people by donating a lot of their profit to building local schools. I believe that they have built 8 schools in local, remote villages. As for the staff- most of them were great. Most had limited English, but were quick to smile. Our room service did a good job and for the most part the wait staff did as well. There always seemed to be confusion and angry customers at the front desk. They would be smart to hire people for the front desk who spoke English well. We tried to tip often knowing how little the service staff gets paid. I wish that I had brought small gifts for our room cleaners to take home to their families. Beware of the time share sellers. They usually wore white polo shirts and would hover around the fountains outside of the lobby and near the entrances to the buffett. Get away fast before you waste a lot of time trying to tell someone that doesn't speak your language that you aren't interested. If you are interested in getting a massage at the spa, I would warn you that it will not be the best massage that you have ever had. My massage was ok. I asked her to focus on a few stiff spots, but she didn't seem to understand. They put a warm towel on your back while they work on your legs, but when the warmth runs out you end up with a cold, wet towel on you which isn't very relaxing. Not sure that it was worth the money.The weather was beautiful for most of the trip. Before we left on vacation we went online to check the future forcast. It said 84 degrees and rainy for the next 7 days!! It was probably about 84 each day, but the rain would typically pass through quickly. It rained for a few hours in a row on two of the days that we were there. Typically though the sun was hot and there was a nice ocean breeze.We tried the bowling alley which was fun and the pool tables upstairs were decent and free. The casino was pretty dead when we went in. The disco was hopping the night we were there and had people of all ages dancing. We didn't watch any of the evening shows. All of the restaurants were ok, but we mostly went to the buffet. My husband is a vegetarian and he was able to find enough meatless food to keep him happy. There is a small town nearby that you can bike to for some shopping. Other than that, there isn't really anywhere close by to go for an evening out of the hotel. If you are looking for somewhere that has nightlife like Cancun, then look elsewhere. There was little to do at night.All in all, a decent hotel, and a beautiful location but if you prefer a little luxury or attention to detail, this may not be the place for you.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Crazy Canadian Cousins Say, It was a GREAT time, Eh!!!       Dominican Country-Beautiful  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible for Honeymooners!!!! My husband and I stayed at the Ocean Blue for our honeymoon in late Sept 2005. We were very impressed by everything. The staff were falling over themselves to help you any way they could, wether it be another drink, more towels in the room, answering questions, getting an interpreter (as we don't speak Spanish), etc... Our room was beautiful. Lovely view of the resort. Nice sized balcony and very large bathroom with jacuzzi and double sinks. The food was wonderful in all the resteraunts and because we went in low season there was never a wait to be seated and food was served very quickly even though it was prepared fresh. The decor in each resteraunt was very unique and original. The beach was incredible and very private. It was nice to see the police patrolling the beaches every now and then for our saftey and to keep locals and panhandlers for nearby villages away. Very clean beach and lots of lounge chairs avalible. Beach is also very close to resort and took only a few minutes to walk there from our room. The pools were very clean and well maintained. The staff would always come around to give merangue and salsa lessons (which were so much fun and great when you could dance them in the disco at night) or to organize beach volley ball games or the 2005 beach olympic games..The activties were a blast and everyone took part in them. The activities are a great way to pass the time if you get bored laying in the sun. We also went on the Safari day trip. What a blast!!! We left the resort at 8:30am and picked up several other people from nearby resorts. We went up the mountain and stopped to see all kinds of animals at a wildlife preserve, stopped at a coffee bean/cocoa bean plantation owned by a Domincan family, walked through a typical Dominican home, went to a beach and spent on hour or two bougie boarding. We stopped at a ranch and ate the Dominican Flag for lunch. Beans, rice and chicken. Great meal.. We were home by 6:30pm and the drinks flowed non stop. Everynight we went to the show in the theatre. Music, singing and dancing. Very entertaining and different every night. When the show was over it was off to the disco. The disco was good but limited music selection and lots of strobe lights. We met so many new friends there from all over the world and we still keep in touch. People from New York, England, Belgium and Germany... Really great to make so many new friendships and more places to travel to in the future. In closing, the resort was great. We would go back in a heartbeat. A few things though.......The bedding an pillows in the room had a damp smell but then again it is a very humid climate and learn to barter before going into Bavaro to shop. Know what the exchange rate is and look in a few shops before settling on a price for something as all the shops carry all the same merchandise. We got a couple of beautiful oil canvas paintings to bring home as a reminder of our honeymoon for very cheap. Have fun and enjoy the beautifully hot weather!! Teresa and Laszlo Karaszek.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jmacn710
<Content>Just Fabulous!! We recently returned from the Ocean Blue ( we left the kids and husbands home)! After reading many reviews - most of them great - we decided to go to the Ocean Blue. Neither of us had been to the DR before. From the time we arrived at the hotel until we left on 2/1, we were treated royally. Wellington was at the lobby to greet us and to make sure that the check-in went smoothly. We were lying by the pool one hour after we arrived! We had a couple of minor problems when we arrived - the room location was incorrect (Wellington moved us), and the safe didn't work (a maintenance man arrived promptly to fix it!) No big deal! This could happen at your local Holiday Inn or Sheraton! We were thrilled to be in 80+ degree weather and a few glitches were not going to ruin our time.The hotel is lovely, the grounds are gorgeous, the pool spectacular, and the beach amazing! We LOVED the food too! What better way to sample another custom than with the food. It beats any 99, Chilies or Applebees! We were presented with some of the most elegant meals that would compare to any fine restaurant in any large city. Their style of cooking is different than ours and we loved it. If you don't like one restaurant - you can move to another! It was great going from restaurant to restaurant and sampling all. Traveling is all about the customs of others.At times the staff was a little lax but always followed through,. You are on vacation and shouldn't be looking at your watch. The Dominican people are relaxed, and that is why we went there too! (No hurry - No worry).The workers throughout the resort were so very friendly and always singing or smiling and very accommodating. We were impressed with the staff going out of the way to make everyone feel special and to make sure that everyone was having a great time. The young people who work around the pool areas were so much fun, and we looked forward to the dance lessons and other games at the pool. The bartenders were wonderful also! As for the nightlife, the performances were lots of fun to see and the dancers were amazing. At 10 p.m. the Disco opens and many of the dancers come over and again teach us some traditional steps. What fun! It is a great place to have a place like this after a wonderful day relaxing at the pool or beach and a non-forgettable dinner. However, I would say, if you are travelling with children, leave the Disco to the adults. This children on the dance floor were cute for the first 10 minutes, but after that I would say it is bedtime. Many of us adults at the resort left the kiddies at home just for that reason! Addressing the language difficulties - every single staff member went out of their way to 'try' to speak our language and many spoke several languages. We were the embarrassed ones that we were guests in their country and relying of them to communicate with us!All I can say is that we were sorry to have to return to the cold of NH but would love to return to the Ocean Blue again. We asked our travel agent to keep us posted of other great deals to this hotel. We were sad to leave.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>julieannmarie
<Content>Needs a lot of work Ok, the good stuff--beach was gorgeous, nice pool, friendly staff, some fun activities. Bad--- our room had many things wrong with it, we were too lazy to change after getting all set up. Bathroom door was warped and would not shut, sliding doors to patio were extremely difficult to open and close, broken vanity mirror. Called one night for towels around 5 thirty.Afterwaiting for well over an hour ,we left for dinner. Came home, fell asleep, and at ten to eleven, there is a knock on the door, it was housekeeping with 2 tattered bath robes. (guess they thought they were towels.) at the buffet thefood is not too tasty, the only thing I liked was the pizza, which was excellent, and the fresh fruit juices. To be fair, I do not eat any meat, just chicken and fish, and some of the chicken dishes were ok. We ate at the Route 66 place one night, it took forever and the food was lousy. The kids club was basically non-existant. Out of the 7 nights we were there, the mini-disco happened 1 night, and it was terrible. It was a hotel employee clapping her hands to 2 short songs while the kids followed her in a line. That's it. Bowling was ok, but we are non-smokers and there were a lot of smokers in there, made us a little sick. Both air hockey tables were broken, no attempt to fix them was made. I asked if they might fix them soon, and the response was a simple No. We were very bored at night, there really was nothing to do. The shows start at 10 and they are not on every night. We just hung out in the room, with very few tv stations, terrible selection (they had on an old Eminem concert every night, yuk!) No Olympic coverage, no major networks either. The time share people bugged the crap out of the tourists, we just ran away from them. It is nearly impossible to get a beach cabana (in very poor condition) or a pool lounge or umbrella,unless you get up at 6 am. Who gets up at 6 am on vacation? The early birds got up and took everything! I like to sleep........ The banana boat was fun, only $7 per person. Did the helicopter ride, very expensive, nice, but not worth $300. If you want to just hang out at a beautiful beach and drink, this place is ok. But there are so many other choices, I would pick a different resort. Here are some tips---make sure you bargain when buying anything from the beach vendors, pay half of what they ask for the first time. For drinks, a lot of people brought insulated mugs, kept the cocktails nice and cold, and did not have to make so many trips back to the bar. I did not go to the spa, it was a little pricey. I heard the scuba diving was good. Punta Cana is very pretty, just do a little research and find a resort that suits your needs. Have fun!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not for families! We visited this resort first week of February. The resort wasy very, very clean, excellent beaches, good food, but this is not a resort for families. There was not a lot for children to do there ( organized activities). The care at the kids club was very poorly organized. One morning a 2 year old took off out of the kids club running down the beach and the girls there did not even notice until another Mom told them! The persons working in the specialty restaurants were definitely rude, pretended not to speak english, put up no shorts signs when we showed up to eat with the kids there! Our children are 11 and 10 - we complained to our signature vacation reg - Omar - who is awesome! He was frustrated for us too! You must watch your kids at this resort - the other advisor who suggested this is not kidding! We were there the same week and it's quite true! I can't believe people found the Dominican friendly and appreciative of you spending your hard earned vacation dollars in their country. That was not the case for us! We have been to Bahamas, Cuba, Mexico ( two times) Florida and Grand Cayman and we will not go back to such a bad attitude! We take vacations to get away from the bad attitude!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what we had expected! We stayed at the Ocean Blue Golf and Beach Resort from Feb. 11th-18th, 2006.Rooms: Beautiful, very clean. We had villa #5 overlooking the pool and view of the ocean. Huge bathroom and great balcony. Beach/Pools: the beach was very nice, could be a little cleaner. Shopping was fun on the beach! The pools are EXTREMELY clean and spacious. However, nearly impossible to obtain a lounge chair and you have to get up at 6am to obtain an umbrella.Staff: Curteous, but slow. A few dollars can work magic!Food: oh, where to begin! Thankfully we had packed snacks from home! We found the buffet near the beach to be downright horrible. There were flies everywhere, the thought of the area makes me ill. We found the main buffet to be better, not by much! Descriptions were not given for the food, making it very difficult to distinguish what you were eating. The food was not fresh (hotdogs were served for lunch, then served the next day for breakfast in a tomato soup-like sauce, yes...for breakfast!) I had food poisoning on the last day of our trip Overall, I would not recommend this resort to anyone! I would recommend Punta Cana and would love to return, but certainly not to this resort!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the worse experience of my life if you want to spend your vacation constantly going and asking for things that were promised by the hotel and paid by you, then this is the vacation for you. if you want to experience false advertisement, this is for you. if you want people smile at you, but not doing anything else you asked them, this vacation is for you. if you want to waste your time going on activities that were told to take half hour, but instead taking 1 hour, threfore messing up all your other plans, this vacation is for you.if you want to spend your time miserablem because you just can't understand why this is going on in 5 star hotel, this is the perfect vacation for you. in summary, bad food, bad entertainment, awful people , horrible sertvises, if this sounds great, book your vacation right away.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel/food/people I stayed at the hotel with my entire family in June 2005. When we got to the hotel, it was absolutely beautiful. We're from Florida so the carribean is the place for us. There were a total of 36 of us in our group. Not one person complained about anything. The staff is great and courteous but a typical island no problem slow. The hotel was relatively new so things were still being worked out. None of us got sick but I think that is because we've stayed in Punta Cana so many times that we know the drill on what to eat and not eat. The buffet was great...I have a 2yr old and she ate everything COOKED and had a blast. The pool is incredible, the beach is unbelievably clear (which is great if you have small kids and are a little paranoid of the ocean like I am), and the restaurants are great!... If I could give one piece of advise is to be patient. Remember you're in a different country and in the U.S., we're used to fast pace...not the case here. This is definetely a place to sit back and relax, drink and be merry, and take your family to a safe, fun, clean hotel. If you're anything like me, I go on vacation to disconnect from reality and I definetely did at the Ocean Blue. I would recommed this hotel and as a matter of fact, I am already booking for my entire family again this July. Hope this answered someone's questions. Remember, disconnect, relax, and enjoy. They also have great excursions and ATV rides, but don't forget to bagain with them. Believe me, they need the business and despite what a lot of people say, the do work with you. Happy Trails!!!Sylvia CastilloMiami, Florida  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Started out good then turned ugly!! Lets just wrap this up in a nut shell. The resort was great, food good and entertainment good. The presidente was probably the best part of the trip. Let me just say that if you have kids make sure you keep an eye on them all the time. DO NOT LET THEM OUT OF YOUR SIGHT especially on the stage without another adult around. We had a little problem with one of the workers there touching one of our kids in a way that was unforgivable. We were told that he had been fired but it is not going to end there. We are currently making sure this guy does not do the same to other kids. The resort is trying to sweap this under the rug and they seem to be winning so far. I don't know if this will be allowed to be seen, if trip advisor had any sense they would let it through. Believe me this is not B.S. this is factual. There was a police report made.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>1	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rcosca
<Content>Five star facilities, Three star dining This was one of the nicer resorts (physically) that we've stayed at, but unfortunately the food was not good, and the service was so so. We only stayed for 3 nights, but the best food we had was at the buffet on the last night (we decided we'd rather get our bad food quickly instead of waiting for it.) We ate at the Mexican restaurant, where the food was average and the service was average. We ate at the Dominican restaurant, where the food was a little better, but the service was atrocious. Lunch was to be had at either buffet, the buffet by the beach was pretty bad, the buffet in the middle of the resort was much better, but nothing to write home about. The drinks were good, and the service at the bars was good, but the cups were quite small (I hate AI's that do that.) The disco was actually one of the better (i.e. actually fun) hotel discos we've seen, and the sports bar was okay at night, and the coffee shop was great (although not open in the AM?!?) A lot of the staff do not speak any English, which I heard some people complaining about (it doesn't bother me, but if you want a resort where everyone speaks English, this may not be the place.) Oh lastly, it is windy in January!!! Not quite as warm as we would have hoped for (due to wind chill). Basically, we got a great deal on our trip, and I feel we got our money's worth, but I would have felt ripped off if I paid top dollar. This is a five star resort with three star food and food service.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, Clean, Friendly and Fun, Fun, Fun Stayed at Ocean Blue for a long weekend (Friday - Monday)with two other couples and had a wonderful time. We've been to the Bahamas and Aruba, and we can honestly say that the staff at Ocean Blue are by far the friendliest and happiest. They go out of their way to be friendly. Ask for Duke at the Lobby......he took great care of us! Our room was very nice (Villa 6) right by the beach and pool. No musty smell and no bugs in this room..BEAUTIFUL.As all other reviews we found the grounds to be awesome. Ocean Blue was also the cleanest resort we've ever been to. All day long you see maids and workers cleaning, polishing, buffing.We made sure we tipped our maid and bar tenders and we had great service. Made a reservation one night for the seafood dinner and wouldn't recommend it if your used to eating Maine Lobster. It was lobster, but not what we're used to eating. The dinner cost $35 pp not worth the money. The buffet was o.k., it's buffet! Had fund at the Sports Bar and Disco.For those traveling through Apple Vacations, there is very nice Apple Rep.(Luis) who actually lives right at the resort. He has a desk set up in the lobby of Villa 5 and you can make all of your reservatons through him. I also suggest you take the hour and go to orientation the day you arrive. It is very informative.We did take a day and go on the speed boat/snorkling trip. It was a great time and definately recommended. For anyone traveling to Punta Cana, we would definately recommend Ocean Blue because if we ever go back, we will definately stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ocean Blue- 3 couples...one week! Just got back from Ocean Sands on the 12th...I've been reading trip advisor for 3 mths before my trip and some of the reviews were wrong and some were right on the money!I'll break it down to sections. After travelling the last 6 yrs to the caribean it was a nice tripBEACHES- Gorgeous nothing nicer yet!POOLS - Absolutely wonderful and huge! great swim up barsROOMS -very nice no musty smells at all and no bugs!SERVICE- very slow but they are really nice and the resort is so big and so new they're working out the little details. but all and all they do their best at the front desk and guest services to make you a happy camper..BARS- Lobby Bar great fun tip the bartender and the service becomes alot faster for you..it's a 3rd world country you do the math.A LA Cartes -ONE WORD -BUFFET the buffets were great! awesome donuts/omlettes and pancakes...DOmincan - we 50/50 on this oneMexican- goodROunte 66 -okSports Bar- great we had a great super bowl party there on the sundayMIke's cafe- really nice - great hot chocolateItalian was our favoriteBeach resaurant awsome!All and all you got what you paid for but if I could stay there for free again I would but next time I'd try another resort...IF your expecting a 5***** Mayan Riveria don't you will be disappointed but .....We all had a great time had a few too many and no one got sick other then the normal..skoots..lolIf you go have fun and stick to the Buffet and enjoy the beautiful views and do the Caribean festival swim with the sharks..great time! I recommend this for adults as there is nothing really for kids to do one disco, that's all but we were all so pooped by midnight it didn't matter. SOOOOO I hope I helpedHave fun from the 6 of us in WAterloo, Ontario, 2 thumbs up ..Canada.P.s anythings better then the igoo's here right?lol  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hotpeenk
<Content>Great Resort       some ppl made these out of sand! awesome  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>weekendwarriors1
<Content>The Best Deal Ever We stayed at the Punta Cana Ocean Blue Resort from February 6 - February 12, and have only awesome things to say about it. For the money that we paid, we felt like we got a great deal. Unlimited food, service, drinks, entertainment and relaxation is the overall theme. The resort is really nice, as are the pools and the beach. I took a snorkeling trip down the strip of hotels and I think that the Ocean Blue's beach was the nicest and most spacious out of them all. The waitstaff were very, very good. Everything in our room was perfect. We liked the food - not like Chicago food - but what can you expect in a third world country at the price that you are paying? I think that people expect way too much out of this hotel. I have read many previous ratings about this hotel and cannot believe how picky and unreasonable some people are. If you expect to be waited on hand and foot, and everything to be perfect, get a reality check. You need to rethink your vacation options. This place is for familites and couples, who can afford a nice vacation and can be ensured a great time. The crowd was mostly Canadian and European, with few Americans, which made for an interesting group of people to meet. I recommend seeing the shows at 10 PM and doing to horseback riding and snorkeling. The facial at the spa was good as well. The best drink was the Rum Punch. Awesome. The best restaurant was the beach front one called Bucanero, but it costed $70.00 extra for 2 people. The bowling alley was really, really nice. The night club was pretty good one night we went, but we were tired of hearing the Meringue and Salsa music and wanted to hear more disco, trance, etc. Just want to say hello also to 2 couples that we met - Tony and Charlene and Jill and Kyle. Thanks for making our trip more fun.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jillycMaryland
<Content>A Great Place...great experience My husband and I returned yesterday from our 8 day stay at the Ocean Blue/Ocean Sands hotel Punta Cana. First, let me say that my husband is well traveled and I am moderately well traveled. This was my third trip to Punta Cana and my husband's second in less than one year. Ok....here goes...STAFF- The staff here was way better than the staff at our previous hotel (The Grand Paradise Bavaro.) I found them smiling, caring, attentive and neat in appearance. I felt they went out of their way to help in any way and this included servers, maids, bar, cooks and grounds keepers! Never did I hear the phrase It is not possible as seemed to be the mantra or theme of the Grand Paradise. Ocean Blue/Sands Staff gets a A+. Checking in was a breeze and we were wisked away to our room quickly...not like at the grand paradise where we had to wait and wait and then fight about which room we paid for. The animation team was great and provided good fitness and fun activities for everyone. They flowed with the mood of the crowd. Go see a show as we only saw one and thought it was well done and energy and the costumes! I was told the show we saw was not even their best show! WOW! The FOOD-was good! My husband is extremely picky and I am cautious of foreign food but we were delighted with the food here. The Chinese food is the best I have ever had at the buffet. We went to the Mexican and Italian and were really happy with those resturaunts. My husband remarked at how much he enjoyed his food. At the Grand Paradise last year I lost 16 pounds because I couldn't eat the food. The GROUNDS and POOL are Beautiful! Very Clean and nice...every room has a jacuzzi tub and we loved that tub to the point we are putting one in our home now! The SPA Metamorphisis-is breathtaking as a facility. I found the massage to be lacking and pricey for the service. I did have a massage at the beach and it was better, but my therapist talked to the other therapist the whole time, not that professional or relaxing. I did visit the spa at the hotel next door, LTI, and had a much better experience with better prices and service. It was also a Metamorphasis Spa as well. Ocean Blue Spa B-. The Beach- was great and on one of the best sections of beach and clean. The Cabanas are really nice, but you better get up earlier if you want a cabana. They could have a few more chairs it seemed. The sand is beautiful and the water very nice. Beach A. We saw quite a few families there with children and the children seemed happy and content. They were many couples and groups also and this resort seemed to cater to everyone. THE BAD...my husband got food poisoning our last day (he had it our last day at the other hotel as well) he is going to the doctor today. I am just fine, no problems. I blame the lobster he had from the buffet. I didn't hear of anyone sick to the extent he was at the Ocean Blue like I did at the hotel Grand Paradise. (At the Grand Paradise, it seemed every fourth person was sick with food poisoning, really sick.) But until the last day, were were happy with our drinks and food. The time share people were not as agressive as the ones from the other hotels. We did agree to listen to the program and I was promised a massage in exchange for our time. Up front I explained that I would listen for 30 minutes and asked if I still got the massage. I was told yes.(I think the time share deal is over an hour and I just wanted quotes and time.) (We were interested since this place is so beautiful and clean.) At the end of 35 minutes, I was given all the info we needed to make a decision and I told the rep. that we would talk about it in private. I asked for my massage voucher and was denied because we didn't stay for the hour. This turned into a huge argument between me and the ROYAL staff (time share company). I explained that it wasn't about the massage, but the integrity of the company. I never did get my massage and they lost a potential customer. I heard one lady say that they took her friends on a tour of the grounds and kept them for 6 hours and pestered them the whole time and the man finially got really mad and they brought them back. I heard other people say the same thing. Be weary. All in all, this is a great place! Noelle in guest services is kind and attentive and caring and helpful. I love their staff (minus the time share cronies) and will return. Good Luck! God Bless!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel was beautiful!!! But staff need training!! First of all the hotel and the grounds were beautiful. We checked in on Sunday 1/29/06. We had upgraded our suite to the Honeymoon suite. Never again!! We were in villa 6. Not worth the extra $3 Thousand Dollars!! We were told the fridge would be stocked with premium alcohol everyday! Not, only the first day. Some day's we only got 1 wash cloth  1 handtowel. If we wanted more we had to find the maid and request them. Great view of the ocean and the pool. Absoutely no HOT water the whole time we were there. We complained everyday and were told the hotel was full and try using water at a different time.We did and still no hot water. The food was ok. Nothing spectacular about anything there. The staff didn't communicate in English. They need to have English classes if they are going to be in the tourism field. We definetely will not go back there.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Good Time Had by All Just got back from Ocean Blue in Punta Cana. Went with my husband, our ten year-old daughter and twelve year-old son. We flew out of Hamilton and the Westjet Flight was great. Anyone who can leave from Hamilton, should do so. Arrival back home was 4:00 a.m. and I was in my house by 5:03 a.m.While the resort itself was lovely and the beach to die for, it was out first visit to the Dominican and I found the service to be not so great. When dining in the buffet restaurant I found that getting a clean table was sometimes next to impossible. I know the brochures advertised poolside waiters, however, in the seven days we were there, I did not see one. The food itself (while there is plenty to choose from)was merely satisfactory but I have not been to the Dominican before and had nothing to compare to. I only tried the Italian a la carte and Route 66. The Route 66 was horrible and the Italian was OK. Our friends loved the Mexican and loved the Dominican restaurant. Anyone going with kids, they probably won't like it very much. There is also a great little coffee house near the main lobby. Nice place to go after dinner or on your way back from the beach. The lobby bar seems to be where all the action is at night. Great music, but you may have to wait a while to get a drink. Saw the entertainment 3 nights, and it was short and enjoyable. The Country Group Sugarland was staying at the resort the week we were there and performed one of the nights so that was wonderful. Shows don't start until 10:00 though. The bowling alley was a great hit, as was the internet cafe. You will also love the tropical animals that they bring to the pool and the beach. They will take your picture with the animals, a different one every day. The cost is $8.00 but they are so worth it. He got pics with a snake, monkey, parrot and tropical birds. On the upside, the rooms were spacious and the bathroom large and the whirlpool tub was a real treat. And I did not see one bug in our room and believe me, my kids made me inspect everywhere. Our view was terrible though. We faced a bunch of field. I had requested Villa 9 (right by the pool and beach) and got Villa 7, however, I wish someone had told me to request a pool view and I would have insisted it at check-in. The resort is fairly large, however, walking from one end to the other really wasn't that far. I especially liked how all the restaurants and entertainment are situated in one area of the resort near the lobby. Great if you have kids as they can wander around without going far. There is a trolley that you can use, however, by the time it comes by and moves so slow, it is much quicker walking. Didn't have much problems with mosquitoes. A few bites on the nights that it had rained. There are lots of tours to go on. We only did the Manati Park and Swim with the Dolphins. Kids loved that and the banana boat. Water was beautiful beach or pool and the colours of the ocean are spectacular. Overall, had a fantastic time. Would definitely go back to Punta Cana but would probably try a different resort next time.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Is A Nice Resort, Would Definitely Come Back!!! Please Read!!! First of all, we booked thru Apple Vacations. We also used them last year to go to Cancun. They are wonderful!!! Although we like Cancun better, this is our opinion:After reading all the complaints, with a few exceptions, I have come to the conclusion that some americans are EXTREMELY hard to please. Let me start by saying....YOU ARE GOING TO A 3RD WORLD COUNTRY. You are leaving the comforts of the United States, in search of new and exciting. If you are looking for all the comforts and luxuries of the United States, STAY HOME and visit some of our nice hotels a mile or two away from your home. Vacation is what you make of it. #1: THE LANGUAGE BARRIER: We do not learn Spanish so other countries can visit us, likewise, it is inappropriate to think they would learn our entire language to accomodate us. Learn a few phrases in Spanish.....Make it a part of your vacation and enjoy learning, it will excite you when you actually get to use it on them. Otherwise, it is just as much your fault for expecting more than you have a right too. They try their best.....You should do the same.#2: FOOD: My Husband and I thought the food was wonderful in the Mexican restaurant, as well as the buffet, which are the two places that we ate. I don't recall anything that was that horrible. I do remember a couple of items that I did not care for, which I left on my plate, just as I do in America.#3: THE ROOM: Our room was on the third floor of Villa 5. I must say the rooms were extrodinary. They had TV with English speaking channels, a mini-fridge in the room, stocked with Pop and Water. We had a king size bed and another day bed. We had patio doors that opened to a nice balcony that overlooked the gorgeous landscaping, as well as the HUGE pools. The rooms were nice and clean, no critters. They had in-room safes and all the necessities we needed. In the bathroom we had a Jacuzzi tub for two, double sinks, a toilet that flushed and hot water, all which were very clean.#4: THE POOL/BEACH: The Pool was alittle chilly, but why would they heat it in 87 degree weather. You get used to it and the swim up bars are ready to serve your drinks. The beach was gorgeous. I went topless almost the entire time I was there on the beach and yes, my husband and I got called over to look at the mini-mall items. They are a 3rd world country and they try to get you to look at things. That's why they are there and frankly, that's why you are there. If you don't like.....don't buy.#5: ACTIVITIES: The entire time we were there (4 days), we saw aerobics every day by the pool. There were staff getting people to join aerobic and dancing. Some chose to participate, some didn't. My husband and I played a form of baseball, which we enjoyed very much. We also participated in beach volleyball, which was also very entertaining.#6: LOUNGE CHAIRS: We never had a problem getting lounge chairs. As far as towels, we brought 2 of our own just for laying out, so we didn't have to bother with them, as we didn't lay out much.#7: SERVICE: The service in the buffet was very good. They always smiled and cracked jokes in broken English with us. The service in the Mexican restaurant was good too. The service in the rooms: we chose not to have our rooms cleaned, but there was fresh towels and such hanging on our doors when we would return. I handed out Caramel Kisses and mini-Reeses Peanut Butter Cups to the all the maids one day and they always smiled and were happy for the treats. We were very happy with the service. #8: TRANSPORTATION: There was a trolly that would pick you up and drop you off if you chose to ride it. #9: ENTERTAINMENT: We went to the theatre and watched the entertainment. Not bad, just wasn't our cup of tea. We did go to the Disco Bar twice. They open at 11:00pm and have boxes suspended from the ceiling that you can sit, ly or swing in and watch people dance. This was really cool. We went twice.We also visited the casino and played Blackjack twice. Didn't play to win big money, just played for fun. Played $20 a night and left. As it gets dark early and the pools close, we paid one of the employees a couple of US dollars and he let us skinnydip in the hot tub for about 5 minutes. #9: MASSAGES: My husband and I both got massages and enjoyed them thoroughly.#10: EXCURSIONS: My husband and I booked the Party Raft/Snorkeling Excursion. We had a wonderful time snorkeling and then the Party Raft was OUTSTANDING! They had a Michael Jackson impersonator, as well as a Celine Dion impersonator. They had a Limbo Contest and alot of dancing. We really did have a wonderful time. All alcohol included, US $62pp. (Kon-Tiki). I was alittle concerned when a guy with the brochure in an unmarked pickup truck picked us up, but turned out ok. We did not try any other excursions. To bring this to a conclusion, we didn't have any complaints and thoroughly enjoyed our time, as we believe vacation is what you make of it. We went to have a nice time and we did. We chose not to complain about the little things, that also occur here in the states. This is truly an extroadinary resort.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Futzy
<Content>Great Vacation 1/24/06 to 1/31/06 We just returned from our week stay at this resort. I will not repeat the same old comments others have stated except for the food was ok for the price, had no bug issues, and did not get sick at this resort. The beach and pool are both beautiful. We did not attend any shows, our entertainment at night was the casino and Sports Bar late at night. THANKS TO ALL THE GREAT PEOPLE WE MET THAT MADE IT FUN, including the workers at the casino. My husband played golf at The White Sands Golf Course and said it was ok. He highly recommends the course at The Punta Cana Resort. It was beautiful and challenging. Well worth the money. I recommend doing the Horse Back Riding on the beach if you never did it. The guide took some great pictures of us so bring your camera.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value! I found the resort to be an excellent value for the money it cost us. I found the accommdations to be great, the staff was always friendly and the grounds are excellent. I would also recommend taking some of the off-site day tours, in particular the dune buggy tour. Our guide was great and it is an excellent way to see the country and meet the locals. Remember to bring small gifts for the children if you plan on doing these trips as handing them out is a blast in itself!All in all, I would say that our experience was a good one and we would return to the resort again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An honest review from a seasoned traveler!       hotel view from the beach  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BILLJ_GA
<Content>Great for the Price As the previous reviews stated, the grounds/pool/beach are very nice. No need to say more. About the service, I had no problems at all and was really impressed. Maybe it was because I met Wellington upon check in. He and the luggage carrier took us to our room. The bell boy waited outside while Wellington described the room. Which was in bldg 5 with a pool/ocean view. I would highly recommend this bldg. After Wellington was finished, he let the bell boy in to bring the luggage. Wellington was first class and always asked if all was ok when we ran into him. The maid service was good and always completed by 1PM for us. We always tipped 1-2US per day. On the last day the maid made a towel crane and the room was always cleaned very well. The rooms did have a musty smell, but I have yet to stay in a resort in the Carribbean on the beach that did not. I have been to Punta Cana 3 times now and numerous other Carribbean destinations and always have experienced this smell that comes with the territory.I think the main thing to getting good service is to smile and attempt some Spanish with them. They deal with so many rude people all the time and are scared to be nice to someone who may try to take advantage of them and be too demanding. These are laid back people. When my friend called the front desk for coffee for the in room coffee maker, they said 10 minutes. In dominican time that means 2 hours. So... I just walked out and found the closet maid and asked her for it, smiled and and said thank you and she asked if I needed anything else and I asked for an extra towel. No problem. I saw many people yelling English at people thinking if they got louder they would understand. Also, if you plan on staying at the beach allot and using the same bar many times, tip the bartender good on your first drink(5$) then throughout your stay give him 20dominican pesos from time to time (30 pesos = 1US$). Basically, treat these people as friends and they will treat you like family. One night my friend and I were walking around and a group of the workers from the Beach restaurant just completed closing up and invited us over. They opened up a bottle of wine and the 5 us us attempted to chat. Us with our broken Spanish and them with their broken English, but we all laughed and got along great.Well... That's it. Sorry for all the text. But I would recommend this resort to others. Actually I will be going back in May for a wedding and look fwd to it.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stevenayla
<Content>A lot of potential, but needs work We just came back from our Honeymoon at the Ocean Blue Beach  Golf Resort. I want to begin by laughing at a little something I noticed. It seams that each unfavourable review, no matter how relevant and well written, receives a negative review from readers that are asked whether the review was helpful. Do not fool yourself. While some people may just be difficult to please, the web-site is here to assist you in making the right decision. It is better to know in advance that to figure it out after having spent a lot of money and having looked forward to a vacation.With that being said, we are avid travellers and have stayed at over 10 all-inclusive resorts in Cuba, St. Martin, Dominican Republic, and Bahamas. In previous trips to Punta Cana, we stayed at the Sunscape Grand and the Grand Paradise Bavaro. Both of these hotels are in the same price range, but were better, in many ways, that the Ocean Blue. FOOD - As stated in many other reviews, the a-la-cartes leave something to be desired, both in terms of food quality and service. I found the service, overall, to be worse than at both the aforementioned Punta Cana hotels where we have stayed. The food was best, and very good, at the buffet. The buffet also changed themes every night, and, funny enough, many of the themes were based on the restaurants (i.e. Mexican, Dominican, Grill), so you had the chance to taste the best dishes from the restaurants, at the buffet. Unless you want the experience of an a-la-carte restaurant, bypass them altogether and eat at the buffet. With regards to lunch, make the trek back to the buffet, where the options and food quality are much better than the grill by the beach, which was often lacking condiments and serving cold food.Mike's Cafe was definitely a God send, as at least there was always good coffee and desert to look forward from 4 PM onward. You must try the Frappucinos, which are often overlooked but possibly their best drink (trust me, I tried them all...lol).TIP: Bring some snacks such as chips and candy (Skittles) as you may crave them and they cost a lot in the DR.ROOMS - Regretfully, we had a bit of a disaster, which could happen anywhere, but has not until now. Our room, a ground floor room in Villa 5, with 2 beds (we were on honeymoon, remember...lol), and a great view of a chain link fence and the back side of the LTI resort (what were they thinking for a Honeymoon couple?), had a leak in the roof. When the room above showered, the water would leak into our washroom. So much water actually accumulated on the roof, that when the technician pushed up the roof, all the water came pouring into our washroom and we had a mini flood. The technician went upstairs, came back down in about 3 minutes, and said the problem was fixed. Ya right! We asked for a change of room, but due to the methods which they use (create a room list every morning), we could not change rooms until the following day. Regretfully, this is indicative of the lack of customer service which really drags down the resort as a whole. With so many empty rooms (the resort was perhaps 60% full), every effort should have been made to immediately change our rooms. The following day, our rooms were changed to face the opposite direction in the same building, with a view of the pool and a king size bed. Horray!This being said, the rooms on the Ocean Blue side has more antiquated furniture, while the rooms on the Ocean Sands side has the more modern dark chocolate wood furniture. Villas 4, 5, and 6 on the Ocean Blue side, and 9 and 10 on the Ocean Sands side are the best, as they are closest to the pool and beach. The best feature of the room is the washrooms, which have a double sink and nice marble throughout, notwithstanding that ours got flooded. The other nice things about the rooms are the mini-bars that are stocked with water and pop, and the free safe.Chambermaid service was inconsistent. In our first room, we would get the nice towel art and fresh flowers, while in the second room we were lucky when we got the necessities (2 body towels, face towel, etc.).TIP: Bring a linen spray or a plug-in air freshener, as the rooms, mattress, and pillows smell musty/sweaty.TIP: Request a high floor, as the crack under the doors on the low floors tends to allow a lot of creepy crawlers to enter the room.SERVICE - As stated above, this is where the resort really lacks. It seems that few people take interest in their clients. At the buffet, as was stated in previous reviews, the tables are often not set, or you are often not served a drink until the middle of the meal. When I attempted to get one myself at the bar, the bartender asked my to tell the server to get the drink. Catch 22. The entertainment staff also seemed half hearted getting the guests involved, but sure put on huge smiles when dancing on the day of the Manager's Cocktail Party. Perception is everything!It was our honeymoon and Guest Services did not do anything to acknowledge such. I did not expect a room upgrade or anything like that, as there are people who pay more for other rooms and what's right is right, but, it is all inclusive, so it would not have been too hard to offer breakfast in bed, or a bottle of alcohol in the room (which you would feasibly get from any bar), or a letter thanking you for choosing their resort. Such was not the case, which means that they think little of their clients. It is the small touches which mean the most, and such were absent at this resort. If you are thinking of going on your honeymoon, choose another resort and reap the benefits that most other resorts will offer.You will also be hounded, every day, on the way in, out, to, and from the buffet, from people at Royal Holidays, attempting to sell you expensive timeshare (aka vacation credits).I was most amazed by the fact that I walked by the Resident Manager (equivalent to the GM) on at least 4 occasions and tried to make eye contact to say hello each time, but he never so much as looked up and greeted me or any other guest that was around. At the Sunscape, the General Manager would make you feel like you were family each time he saw a guest. Once again, when in a foreign country, it is imperative that you make your guests feel like they are at home, which was not the case at the Ocean Blue.Finally, many of the staff members seemed really discontent and would not crack a smile. We all have our days, but, a guest should not be made to feel like they are inconveniencing you by requesting their towels, or a drink, or assistance with the room. Guests are made to feel very isolated at this resort, and must rely on each other to assist.GROUNDS - Now the good parts. The grounds are absolutely beautiful. Everything is well manicured. There are flamingos behind the buffet. Everything is kept clean. There are two enormous pools. The beach area is the nicest of any of the hotels on the strip. The ocean area, however, is quite narrow (cannot swim in too deep) as the boats must pass close to the shore to avoid the coral reef which is not too far out. Nevertheless, there is more than enough room to dip, snorkel, and swim, but not as much as other resorts. The grounds, in addition to the buffet, are the saving grace of this hotel, and, assuming nothing else goes wrong, can make for a very pleasant holiday in and of themselves.TIP: The train takes you all round the resort, and picks people up at Villa 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, and 10, near the beach restaurant, at both entrances to the buffet, and next to guest relations. It goes around the resort at all hours of the day and it a real treat when you are too tired to walk.This is an honest review which you can take as you like. You know yourself. If you are looking for a place that offers paradise and near perfection in terms of food and service, try the Sunscape Punta Cana Grand. If you are looking for a newer resort, with more amenities, and do not care much about the quality of the room and service, this resort may just be perfect for you. Be honest with what you need to make you happy, when deciding. If you have any questions, feel free to ask.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BeachBum06
<Content>An excellent and relaxing vacation. The Ocean Blue and Sand Beach resort has been open for over a year and, from our experience, it will mature into one of the leading resorts in Punta Cana in its class (it is not designed to be an exclusive and luxurious resort).The grounds and buildings are beautiful and well maintained. The pools are the largest I've seen so we were not disturbed by watersports (they had volleyball nets and water polo nets) or PADI training while swimming. The beach is phenomenal. Soft and clean sand and crystal clear water. The sand was clean at least to the swim line.I didn't find too much trouble with the language barrier. I brought along my pocket guide to Spanish and that was sufficient (along with some spirited charades). I felt that as long as I was nice about it, they'd take to time to figure out what I wanted. Customer service spoke English just fine. Everyone who we encountered was friendly and accommodating.We upgraded to Ocean Elite Club - Junior Suite Deluxe package. The food at Buchanaro and El Bodegon was exceptional (they cost extra (~ $35pp), but it was included in the package). We also ate at La Brasa (Caribbean BBQ) and La Casa (Dominican Cuisine). Both were above average in my opinion. The buffets were average. Great selection, but I've had better and worse food quality.The overall VIP package was great. Quick check in (they had our flight info and were expecting us). A Concierge was always available to help us with scheduling. Most of the VIP staff was very helpful; Evelyn in particular made our vacation memorable. (Note to Apple Vacationers: I did see reps on the premises and they had clearly marked concierge desks. Whatever went wrong on earlier reviews, seems to have been fixed)The deluxe rooms in Villa 6 are great. Marble bathrooms with a whirlpool tub for two and a separate shower and two sinks. The fridge was stocked with soda and water and they brought fruit daily (nice after a day at the beach). The cigars were a nice touch as well. They did stock us with liquor (I don't think this happens for other Villas), but we didn't take advantage of that.The game room was a disappointment. From what I saw, unsupervised kids have damaged all the pool tables (balls are messing, cues are dinged), air hockey tables and foosball tables. Bowling was fine.We had one problem with our scheduled dinner on the beach. It appeared to be a miscommunication between guest services and the restaurant staff. Ultimately, I called guest services and told them to explain to the staff what was expected and the problem was solved. It was a bit of a hassle, but in the end we had a nice dinner on the soft sand under the stars. Once the staff knew what was expected, they went above and beyond to make everything better.I booked through CheapCaribbean. $750 per person including airfare. The upgrade to the deluxe package was $150 per person (an excellent value since the 2 dinners alone are valued at $70 per person, and we had a spacious room with beach front access, free watersports, and a lot of extras).Note: Ocean Blue and Ocean Sand are, as far as the traveler is concerned, the same resort.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lauren
<Content>Beautiful resort We spent New Years at the Ocean Blue Golf and loved it. The resort is beautiful and the staff are very friendly. The beach is in our opinion, is the nicest on the strip. We walked both ends of the beach and couldn't believe how busy other beaches were there. The Ocean Blue is big and has plenty to do. There was air conditining everywhere. You could always escape the heat. The lobby is approx. a 10 minute walk from the beach, however, there is a shuttle that continually goes back and forth all day long. Each villa has its own courtyard, and every room would have a beautiful view. They have a bolling alley which was a hoot. You get a coupon for a free string at check in, make sure you go, it was fun. There is lots of air conditioning and we found the rooms to be soundproof. The hotel was full and we never heard noise coming from the other rooms. We ate at all of the a la cartes, and they were all good. The only complaint, if we were to try and find one, was the service in the buffet was not the greatest and unfortunatley, they are not set up for you to serve yourself coffe, water, etc. Other than that, everyting was perfect.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bshoshana
<Content>Why we were blue at the Ocean Blue We (a couple in our 40's with 2 teens ) just got back from a week at the Ocean Blue yesterday. I will rate our vacation according to the following categories.1. Arrival- We flew in from Cleveland on Delta. No problems at airport, except we had to buy a $10 tourist card for each person prior to clearing customs. We had transfers included via funjet, which contracts with VIP tours in the DR. Found the VIP tour rep, who sent us with a porter and our bags to find bus #44. After a 10 min trek thru the parking lot, finally found the minivan which took us on our 40min drive (with ac) to the hotel. So far, so good.2. Check in- We had only internet confirmation of our reservation, which confused the clerk at the front desk. After a 15min delay, he got a supervisor over who figured it out. We were assigned to our junior suite, #2109 and pointed in the general direction. Got a map of the hotel, a voucher for 1 game of bowling, and were told to tell the bellman where to send the bags. Some language barrier, but both my daughter and I speak some Spanish, so we were OK. No welcome drink.3. The room- A very nice 1st floor large room with 2 queen beds and a sleeper sofa (twin). Nice sized balcony with 2 plastic chairs and a table. Working TV with satellite (had cnn as well as movie channel), small fridge with water and soft drinks, small dresser, adequate closet with inadequate hangers (but I had brought extra, so was OK with that). Safe didnt work so called front desk who said they'd send someone in 15 minutes. Bathroom was nice sized with 2sinks, shower, and jacuzzi tub (which we didnt use).After a half hour, luggage still not there. After 45 minutes, someone came to check the safe and confirmed that it wasnt working, and said they would get someone to fix it. It was about 3pm by now, and I sent my starving family to the buffet to eat while I waited for luggage and the safe to be fixed. Luggage came in about an hr. (tried to get bellboy to fix safe but he couldnt). Family came back and I went to eat. Someone else came to fix safe while husband was in room, but couldnt. Came back just as safe expert arrived with some kind of recoding machine and finally fixed it.Well, at least we were all unpacked by then!3.The pool- 2 beautiful large clean pools, uncrowded, unheated (but didnt real need to be). Everything is very close together, but they have trams running for those who dont want to walk. A swim up bar in each pool. One jacuzzi (We didnt go in). One free standing bar in between the pools, a bar at the beach, and a buffet and bar combo between the pools and the beach. Adequate supply of plastic lounge chairs in good condition, with some umbrellas and tables.Waterpolo area in pool. Shallow kiddie pool area. 4. The beach- Lots of canvas lounges (often full tho) covered by some poles with canvas coverings (you can see photos on other reviews). Ocean was full of kelp and water was quite sandy. Not much swimming room-rope barrier was in place to protect us from many boats,etc. ++ fumes from boats. Rock climbing wall on the beach (very limited hours). Bocci ball, volleyball on the beach. Shack set up for water sports, rentals etc. Drink service at pool and beach was entirely self service, tho there were some busboys going around picking up used glasses. We were issued a towel card (one per person) at the front desk. Often, there was a lack of clean towels and we learned to reuse our towels rather than risking taking back our towel card. They keep saying Quince Minutos (15 minutes) for a new towel, when it can really be and hr or more.5.The food- Dont quite know where to begin.The buffet at the pool is open from about 10:30 to 5pm and has hamburgers, hot dogs, fruits, basic salad, pastries, icecream, and several varying hot dishes and breads.Fruits were very good. Otherwise, food there ranged from ok to terrible. Very little seasoning to foods, heavy on the starches. Often ran out of ketchup. Strange icecream flavors (very heavy on the rum raisin, prune?!, and coconut, and a pink one that we think was bubblegum). Other buffet was open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Food was better there. For breakfast, there were made to order omelets and pancakes, donuts, pastries, fruits, breads, lox (no bagels), cheeses, and a hot table with different meats, cooked items and again lots of starches of varying types. Oh, also cold cereal, juices and juice drinks. Lunch was similiar, except no omelets of pancakes-different meats etc instead. Ditto for dinner, with the addition of a pasta station and sometimes a psuedo-asian section and some grilled meats (sometimes steak, chops, etc.). Fair to good quality in general. Had to eat at the buffet the 1st nite, after that could reserve specialty restaurants every day from 7am-3pm at a manned computer at the entrance to the buffet.6. Specialty restaurants. Food was quite variable. Dominican was the most pleasant, as far as service and speed of service. Dominican food in general was very starchy and not very seasoned, but it was interesting to try it. Appetizers were the best there, as was the drink they brought (kind of a fruit punch with alcohol). Mexican was not authentic at all. Soggy tortilla chips, OK salsa, an appetizer buffet that was OK. Main dishes were made with (I kid you not) Velveeta cheese and were one step down from Chi Chi's. It was here that we waited half an hour for dessert while our waiter made himself up a food plate from the buffet and ate it. American restaurant not too bad but service was OK. Velveeta cheese again here, on the hamburger. Italian- avoid the pastas- get the shrimp tempura (dont know how that became Italian, but it was good.)7. Coffee shop- Very good. Good cookies. Pies and pastries not so good. Coffee and coffee drinks are good and the service is fast and pleasant as well.8.Service- This is where the place fails miserably. With the above noted exceptions, and some friendly bartenders , for the most part the service was simply awful. Tables were very slow to be cleared at the buffet. The staff would watch you looking for a table, sit in a section, not bring you any silverware etc, and then finally redirect you to another section, only to make you wait again for silverware, coffee water, etc. Several times my husband or I went up and got our own silverware or coffee, only to be rebuked by the same waiters who couldnt be bothered to get it 1st. I often felt invisible while waiting for a drink at the bar-no acknowledgement at all while they either cleaned something, rearranged the glassware, or left the area. Of course, sometimes they were serving other people (who got there after me).Service in the room was no better. My daughter did sleep in late (til about 12 to 2pm) so we didnt expect the room cleaned early. However, it didnt get cleaned at all.We had to make several calls to the front desk on 2 occasions to finally have the room cleaned by about 6 or 7pm by the poor night maid who got left with the work (we tipped her). This was after tipping the day maid $5 to get us enough towels and water for the 4 of us,and $2 on the night before.Finally, we were stood up by the bell boy on the way home- waited a half hr and finally carried our own luggage to the lobby. No apology was offered.9. Activities- Bowling was fun, however the scoreboard malfunctioned and it was $15 a game after the 1st free one. There were 2 air hockey tables (one working), several pool tables, and 2 foosball tables (with some broken parts). There was a disco that opened at 11pm (OK per my dtr), a casino (dont go there) that opens at 7pm and closes at 3am),shows at 10pm-11pm (contests, song and dance, one folkloric act from Santo Domingo- they tried, but were just ok to terrible), vendors one night at the resort (bargain very hard- dont pay more than one third of what they ask), ping pong at the pool, and a kids center at the pool. No organized teen activities. Dance lessons at the pool, and water aerobics-pretty good. The music at the pool was very repetitive and annoying. The activity staff seemed pretty hardworking, but were mostly friendly to only very attractive young ladies and men, if you know what I mean. My 17 yo daughter was hit on by an employee at the disco who gave her his phone # and asked what her room # was. She was completely creeped out, especially when he showed her photos of his family.10.Insects and other wildlife. Mosquitos at dusk, mostly attacked just me. Lots of millipedes crawling around the room. Crickets and grasshoppers in the halls. Bats flying around at night. Most excitingly, my daughter discovered a large tarantula while attempting to open our safe one evening. After a bloodcurdling scream, my husband ran over (we all ran the other way of course) and killed it with a shoe. We asked the maid about it, and she said they were very rare, but then we saw them mounted for sale for souveneirs at the beach!11. Shopping- There are vendors at the beach. Again, they ask exorbitant ammounts of money($11 for a keychain) and then seem insulted when you offer them a fair price. It is possible to bargain, but there are really no bargains here. We took a cab to Plaza Bavaro which was even worse- stall after stall of the same souveneirs at inflated prices, and people yelling at you to come into their shops for the 1st sale of the day where everything is 50-99% off.12. In summary, I would not return to this resort or this island. They both have alot of potential, but for the price we paid (close to $7000 US for our family of 4 on a holiday week) we could have had a much nicer experience either on a cruise or at an all inclusive in Mexico (which we have done in the past).  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gorrini
<Content>very nice place to stay   showReview(4322331, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Samyjo
<Content>Absolutely beautiful and relaxing       swim up bar  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Good   showReview(4254509, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>leafscrazy
<Content>Very nice place for quiet vacation               More photos  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just like the photos!   showReview(4244066, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drexyl
<Content>paradise found at the ocean blue       my new beach buddy  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChicagoHollyanne79
<Content>great place   showReview(4242676, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BeachSnob71
<Content>Just got back   showReview(4239127, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mercedesnani
<Content>"Fabulous Resort"   showReview(4150874, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Chelski07
<Content>Relaxen ohne Ende!   showReview(23444928, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>rafaCartagena
<Content>muy buen hotel       tomando un coco  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jipe3367
<Content>top hotel   showReview(23025044, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Quebecois024
<Content>Vol dans chambre d'h么tel   showReview(23011005, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>1	5	5	5	4	5	1	5	

<Author>Vitra
<Content>magnifico hotel   showReview(22224011, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Grissell
<Content>Excelente el Hotel   showReview(22060178, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>el-matadorpr
<Content>Realidad del Hotel   showReview(21894847, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>mitjayo
<Content>Tr猫s complet.   showReview(21713862, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>sobrestimado
<Content>Buen Hotel   showReview(20910814, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xiho
<Content>HORRIBLEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(19830998, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	2	3	1	

<Author>Elviajerolatino
<Content>Excelente lugar, lo recomiendo       Pcsina  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Categoriaf
<Content>Buen Hotel       Edificio  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PettePuertorico
<Content>Lamentable situacion   showReview(18697806, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janetamerica
<Content>Excelente experiencia   showReview(18658200, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lareti
<Content>Una experiencia desastroza   showReview(18038085, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	1	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Mayte1984
<Content>No compensa por el precio que pagamos   showReview(17894857, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>JC_77181
<Content>Vacances correcte 脿 part...       au th茅芒tre  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>kabepp
<Content>pesima atencion a los dominicanos   showReview(17637511, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	1	1	4	

<Author>osquiNely
<Content>Maravilloso Lugar! osqui N liza   showReview(17631326, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tetelle76
<Content>superbes vacances , le reve!!!!   showReview(17224180, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>chikopr_59
<Content>de lo mejor...excelente   showReview(17161355, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>kittyrose
<Content>una decepci贸n   showReview(15155893, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	1	3	1	1	

<Author>Roxy63
<Content>S茅jour paradisiaque 脿 l'Ocean Blue       Plage  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>clioBilbao
<Content>un 10 para los "Panas" animadores increibles   showReview(14798580, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>LegardeurCarmen
<Content>Probl猫me d'air conditionner ,et petite serviette pour se laver   showReview(14025896, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>smokete
<Content>Manque de services   showReview(13961449, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	1	1	3	

<Author>yves-eric
<Content>Correcte   showReview(13722176, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	1	4	4	

<Author>holaCaen
<Content>Merveilleux souvenirs       arriv茅e dans la chambre  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>blouma83
<Content>paradisiaque       capitaine cook  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KarlosVLC
<Content>Horrible vendedores multipropiedad para un buen hotel   showReview(12977809, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>JACKLANDRY
<Content>Presqu'un 5 茅toiles !!!       Plage magnifique !  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>blanche58
<Content>MAUVAIS HOTEL   showReview(12887233, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>cnfede
<Content>Bastante peor de lo que imagin谩bamos   showReview(12839653, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>torry21
<Content>Eine schreckliche Woche......   showReview(12656747, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>sannddd77
<Content>脡poustouflant       palmier  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vitox
<Content>El mejor hotel que he visitado   showReview(12513464, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>GuilloSantoDomingo
<Content>Me sorprendio agradablemente.       Mis padres y yo.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Jack_lulu
<Content>Quelle surprise   showReview(10869710, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MartinandMel
<Content>Site superbe!!   showReview(10718348, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>willipondio
<Content>excelente servcio - excelentes empleados   showReview(10436277, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Konchobar
<Content>Entre r锚ves et r茅alit茅s...       Une plage malheureusement abandonn茅e  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	3	1	4	5	4	

<Author>johamher
<Content>"Me fascin贸, que belleza"   showReview(10014601, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Grandevoyageuse
<Content>Tr猫s beau voyage   showReview(8707390, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>popular
<Content>Bon hotel r茅cent 脿 bon prix   showReview(8465045, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>bostoniana
<Content>nos encanto el ocean blue es un paraiso       el bar de la piscina  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>profgwada
<Content>hotel paradisiaque   showReview(8352110, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jackalx17
<Content>No lo recomiendo   showReview(8283018, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Monli
<Content>Mis mejores vacaciones   showReview(8263779, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenni1205
<Content>super hotel recien casados divertidos   showReview(8247690, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wepaaaaaaaaa
<Content>Mis Vacaciones 2007       La barra en la picsina (Lo q se gozaaa)  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>fofiepop
<Content>Excellent s茅jour   showReview(8044249, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Turistiando
<Content>Ideal para gente joven.   showReview(7957163, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shrapnel
<Content>tres bonnes vacances   showReview(7363573, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>angelacamila
<Content>Ocean...Fantastico!!!!       El grupo q fue.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Buck91
<Content>Super!   showReview(6821349, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Mlle_titi
<Content>Super belle vacance               More photos  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Jeritza
<Content>Brutal, Me facina a mi isla vecina Republica Dominicana!!!!!!!!!!       mi hermana Jaidie disfrutando de la piscina.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Albi1
<Content>Un site vraiment tres bien       Picine Ocean Blue 2  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ficello1
<Content>superbe vacance...wow   showReview(6063702, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>supercy
<Content>MERAVIGLIOSO   showReview(5812229, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alamary
<Content>Satisfaction assur茅e, plaisir garanti       Patio "villa" n掳4  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lune de miel reussi grace a cette hotel magnifique !!! que du bonheur       la plage de l'hotel  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mi peor experiencia   showReview(5421984, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>MAGNIFIQUE   showReview(4725765, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mitchikidou
<Content>Bel hotel mais service pourrit   showReview(4463216, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

