<Author>FresnoTraveler
<Content>Bathroom a disappointment Staying here is like staying in an upscale college dorm. The ambiance is basic but with a nod toward the plush. It's obviously geared toward long-term business travelers. My one big concern was the bathroom. It was not up to a three-star standard. The ventilation system is almost nil. Worse yet, the gap between the bathroom door and the frame was ludicrously wide, offering little privacy in terms of noise and, ahem, odors. A real disappointment.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shario
<Content>Enjoyed Club Quarters We just got back from a one-night stay at Club Quarters. Lots of pluses but one very big minus, which is why I didn't give it four stars. We Pricelined the room for a very good price, so didn't indicate any preferences. We apparently got a room on a smoking floor, which I didn't even know existed anymore in San Francisco, and after we left I felt like I had just smoked two packs of cigarettes! I know I should have asked to change rooms, but we weren't going to be spending much time in the room at all so I decided to suck it up. Anyway, if you don't like smoking rooms, be sure to ask for a non-smoking room because they do not do a good job of covering up the smoke smell.That negative aside, I like the Club Quarters chain a lot. We have also stayed at a Club Quarters near Wall Street in New York. The rooms are small but functional. We like the Club Room, open to all guests, which has free coffee, tea, magazines, newspapers and internet. They also have a self-service laundry, which is very unusual, and a small but nice fitness center. The location is good for public transportation options. You can walk to BART, Muni, Chinatown, North Beach, Union Square, Embarcadero area and the financial district. It is primarily a business area, but tourists may enjoy it. I didn't particularly because I work in the area so felt like I was still at work. There is a movie theater showing independent and foreign movies across the street at the Embarcadero Center that is quite nice.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JasmineMarti
<Content>Nice Hotel at a Great Location This was my first stay at a Club Quarters hotel, and I chose it for its location at the Embarcadero area of San Francisco, which I find to be a terrific location for a base to explore the city. The hotel is quite nice. I found the bathroom to be surprisingly small for an American hotel, though. They serve great coffee in the lobby in the morning, and there is free internet access in the lobby from a statinary computer they have. Also, the hotel has no parking, so if you rent a car be prepared for very high parking rates at area garages. Generally, you don't need a car in San Francisco, necessarily, but I was on a business trip, and had to travel to the suburbs as well.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LilOne27
<Content>Very comfortable for the price My girlfireind and i just got back from a girls weekend at San Fransico. We had a great time.....our room was a kitchnette on the fifth floor. We asked for a quieter room in the hotel and i believe we ended up on the west side of the building. Every day we ran into our maid and she was very polite and asked us each day if we wanted our room done.....we were helping conserve water and put the do not need service door hanger on, but she wanted to make sure we were taken care of.....very polite and all other staff was very helpful in answering questions. I would stay there again....  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	4	5	4	

<Author>JastClark
<Content>CQ SF exceeded my expectations. My wife and I live in the South Bay Area and attended a weekend wedding in SF (Oct'08).For some reason there were alot of events in the the City that weekend and every hotel I tried was sold out. I then managed to book Hotwire for 3.5* hotel (plus it was a good price)... I got the Club Quarters hotel. I looked up CQ on Trip Advisor and after reading some of the reviews I was slightly nervous that the Wife would be angry at me for lack of romantic stay in SF.I pre-warned my wife I wasn't able to book a super romantic hotel. I called CQ in advance and asked for quiet room as high up as possible. When we arrived the Clerk was very polite and gave us room 1105. Upon entering our room we were pleasantly surprised (helps to lower your expectations in advance). I think they upgraded us to a suite. We had views of City skyline and partial view of Bay. Queen bed, kitchenette, couch, etc. Nice breezes when the windows were open. Starbuck's next door made for easy mornings and kitchenette handy for some late night snacks. The hotel back corner we were in was very private and quiet and we enjoyed our weekend stay (especially for the $200/weekend_night price I paid). The Wife is a tough customer but she actually really enjoyed her stay and said she would stay there again.I found free parking pretty easily around the corner on the street (most SF hotels $30+/night for parking).I think alot depends on the room you get. I got lucky (for a change). Overall, the hotel is not one of these swanky uber-hotels but it was clean and fairly new, the staff was always timely and courteous, and great location in Financial District.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>bordeaux8
<Content>Value for money if you're a member I checked into the club quarters when I couldn't get a room at the Hyatt Regency for a conference I was attending. Club Quarters admits both regular visitors and also members of its club, who get a discounted rate. Overall, I think the place provides pretty good value for your money, especially if you are a member. It is well located in the heart of the business district and very close to china town and the embarcadero. I loved the free internet; it always amazes me that the more expensive joints (yes Hyatt, that's you!) always stick on these little ticky-tack extra charges; at Club quarters, it is clear their goal is to provide clean, efficient hotel rooms at a good price. The room was pleasant in a mod sort of way, and it seemed designed in a practical way, with a nice desk for work, and a shower-only instead of a space-consuming tub. The other reviewers are right about the noise although - you can easily hear people in the hall outside, though I didn't notice much noise from my neighbors. I think they get a pretty considerate bunch of guests, who seem to be pretty quiet. I will consider joining the club to try out other branches of the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>ksherms
<Content>Paper Thin Walls You know it's bad when you sneeze and the people in the next room bless you (actually happened). We could hear the lightest of sounds from both of our neighbors, and they weren't loud people. I can't ever imagine staying here again; it's the biggest lack of privacy I have ever experienced in a hotel.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>StacySeattle
<Content>Not for Light Sleepers, but Good Overall I stayed here for 3 weeks for a business trip. I specifically asked my travel agent for a hotel close to Embarcadero Center with a kitchenette and that's what I got. The location is really great, and I was able to eat somewhat normally during my stay thanks to the Safeway a couple blocks away. The hotel is adjoined to Elephant  Castle though for those Strongbow and Shepherd's Pie cravings. And this Seattlite was thrilled about the Starbucks on the corner for my morning fix on the way into the office.The room was kept clean yet complied with common-sense environmental concerns (sheets/towels not changed daily). I really liked that they had water bottle refill stations on the floors to minimize plastic in the landfills.The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, and didn't judge me when I asked for that extra complimentary box of delicious cookies. :)I really only have two issues:1.) Considering the length of my stay I was disappointed that I wasn't given a better standard room (like one with a decent exterior window) or even perhaps a free upgrade. To be fair I didn't ask, but I would think some system to recognize long stays would be in place as part of a standard client-service program.2.) The walls are ridiculously thin. The weeknights weren't too much of a problem since the hotel mainly caters to business travelers. But I could literally hear the conversations of the people in the next room just as though they were in *my* room and that was a problem one weekend night at about 2:30 am when my neighbors got home from the club.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pattayainsider
<Content>Good location, good value I liked this hotel. The location was good. You can walk to Chinatown in 10 minutes, to the Embarcadero Bart station in 10 minutes, to the Powel /Market Street cable car in 15 minutes. Union Square was about 15 minutes walk away. THere were lots of coffee places nearby. THe room was a little on the small side, but acceptable. The bed sheets were really comfortable, and the bed was also really comfortable. There is free unlimited purified water with free bottles you fill yourself. THe adjacent restaurant Elephant and Castle was good and not expensive for what it was. There is free internet in the lobby lounge, and free wifi throughout. My room was quiet, but the room doors were not as solid as you might want. Nice amenities in the bathroom: great soap, shampoo, mouthwash.THere is a nice desk/work area. The financial district location was good for me. Others may prefer to be closer to Union Square, but it wasn't too far away.THere was a sign in the lobby that sometimes you can get an upgrade to a suite for only $25 a night, most likely on weekends.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>hopskotch
<Content>Good hotel in a great location       Hotel Room - Bed  Desk  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>Poohlicous
<Content>Not Bad This hotel was average, the rooms were basic and adequate. There was only one bed, so my friend and I had to share. Parking was ridiculously expensive, but that's SF. I would recommend this hotel for business travelers.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>LouieSD
<Content>Great for the price Room was clean albeit small. Bed was comfy, there was a desk and chair, and quiet for us on the 4th Floor. Parking is expensive in SFO--$30, but since we only paid $140 total for room per night, we can live with it. At the Hilton--$50 parking!Neighborhood seemed safe, drug store and Starbucks nearby. Walk to cable car or Chinatown or embarcadero.Desk people helpful, next to pub with office workers for happy hour and breakfast.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lvtravelgirl
<Content>loved it free bottled water in hallway was awesome.the hotel was clean and great.we upgraded to a suite upon arrival.the only thing that was bad, was rooms only have 1 bed. me and my friend had to share a bed, but luckily we are both small females.i would definetly stay there again.walked to many locations closeby,chinatown  embarcadero.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>GDV
<Content>super clean and very comfortable we stayed at club quarters san francisco for one night at the end of an awesome trip around san francisco, lake tahoe and santa cruz. we checked in pretty late and they upgraded us to a suite. tons of space, front desk was very nice, free bottled water, very clean, great area about a 5 minute walk to the waterfront market.will stay there again and will use other club quarter locations.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>euphemus
<Content>Businesslike and clean I was at a conference at the Palace Hotel last week (really nice - but full) so was looking for a mid range alternative within walking distance of the main SF attractions (my wife was staying with me too). Club Quarters was pretty easy to find but doesn't have it's own parking lot so you have to pull up outside, check in and then park at 1 Embarcadero across the street ($30 a night).Our room was pretty small but clean and comfortable. The bathroom was also small but the shower was oversized so overall not too bad.The location is fine. Close to Chinatown if that's your bag. Close enough to the Business district, Union Square etc. Someone commented that Fisherman's Wharf is 3 miles away. It really isn't. It's probably just over a mile to Pier 39 and another half mile or so to Fisherman's Wharf. However, as Fisherman's Wharf is something of a tacky nightmare, proximity to it is of questionable benefit.I kind of knew what to expect with Club Quarters and have to say you get what you pay for. However, this property is in no way a let down - it really is fine for the price and assuming you get a higher floor, quiet. The only improvement I would suggest is a slightly warmer welcome from the front desk. The guys were, well just a little clipped in their style. Fine for me but not very welcoming to some people.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	2	4	5	

<Author>tammigop
<Content>Ok stay, nothing special- kind of weird We stayed here for the San Francisco Marathon... and it was a great location for that... I can imagine this place is good for business travelers who are in the financial district... but it left much to be desired in the way of warmth. Everything is VERY sterile here... and the rooms are the oddest shaped I've ever seen, and had we not opted for the superior room, we would have been staying in a hole... all the lighting is very institutional... I also felt very itchy in the bed, perhaps the sheets were too rough, or perhaps there were bugs- not sure.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	1	2	2	

<Author>sdmermaid
<Content>Should of been called "Close Quarters" I recently attended a training course with a work colleuge at this hotel, which lasted four days. It was a long four days. When we arrived, we were encouraged by the stylish lobby, and well appointed communal area. When we reached our shared room, however, any excitement we may have had quickly evaporated. The room was clean, and nicely furnished, but very tiny. There were two twin beds that were about two feet apart. We could not open the front door, bathroom door, or closet door at the same time. The bathroom had a door similar to a shower door, which did not have a knob but a magnetic catch, leaving space between the wall and the door. It did not feel very private. Our window looked out into an alley, where we were entertained daily by the homeless folks who liked to feed the pigeons, or engage in some other activities which I will spare you from. Some of the other people attending the course with us, and also staying in the hotel, were not so lucky. More than one person had to change rooms due to insects. One poor girl woke up with bug bites! The meeting room was below the lobby, so below ground. There were no windows, so spending eight hours a day in there was not enjoyable, no matter what material we were covering. The a/c was very loud, and made hearing our instructor difficult. I did like the location of the hotel, being within walking distance of many tourist attractions. However, I will not be staying there again, nor would I recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	5	5	4	

<Author>fitter32
<Content>Loud, Loud, Loud!!! I'll get right to my biggest complaint. This Hotel is loud! You can hear everything that is happening in the hall, and I mean everything. I have never stayed in a hotel with so much hallway noise, and believe me, I've stayed in some busy hotels in places like Bangkok and Paris. I had to find a pharmacy so I could buy earplugs. I don't think I can emphasize enough how loud those halls were! The hotel is clean and the staff is professional, but if you are in San Francisco for pleasure, in particular, there are probably better places to stay. The hotel is very close to China Town which is nice, but it's also in the business district, so many of the small cafes and restaurants are closed on the weekends. That was disappointing! The hotel claims it is only 1.5 miles from Fisherman's Wharf... it's actually a little over 3 miles away. The Golden Gate Bridge, and Golden Gate Park are also quite a ways away. That's all fine and dandy, just don't advertise you're closer to tourism landmarks than you actually are. I will be staying somewhere else when I go back to San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Ciina
<Content>Would stay again This was a very nice hotel with a very practical room. It was easy to find parking nearby. We parked the car and walked or went by cable car or Muni.There is 3 computers with free internet connection, free coffee and a nice lounge on the groundfloor.The gym was ok.We would surely stay here again if we could find a good price.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>ricci87
<Content>not 3.5 stars, but ok While not worthy of the 3.5 stars given it by hotwire (2.5 to 3 are more like it), there's nothing really wrong with this financial district hotel, if you can get it at a reasonable rate. Rooms are smallish, but adequate for a business stay, or a weekend, tho romantic, it ain't! The main problem is that it just isn't close to anything. Tadich Grill is the only name restaurant nearby, altho the hotel's own restaurant isn't bad, if you like beer and pub food. Skip the expensive breakfast there and go to McDonald's a couple of blocks away. Hotel is close enough to Muni and Bart so it's easy to get anywhere. A couple of desk clerks didn't speak English very well, and/or were very busy, so it was easier to go across the street to the Meriden and ask the concierge there for assistance.I'd stay here again for the $89 Hotwire rate, but I wouldn't be excited about it.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tommy1_d
<Content>Great location but... *** 2.5 rating ***Pros : Terrific location, and it seems to be easy to get some prices that are a deal for a room in downtown SF (~$100 on Hotwire and such sites), clean functional rooms.Cons : Noises from the halls come straight into the rooms which can be fine during the day, but not at 2 am ! The air conditioning system in my room was a disaster : Stop it and some kind of irregular beat would start emerging from it. When on, it was quite loud, not exactly the sweetest sound to sleep to. The covers the room designers have chosen for the beds is one of the saddest ones I've ever seen, military style in all shades of ugly green.Overall, if it wasn't for the location, I would say avoid it But if you need a room in downtown SF, this is not a bad choice. Just don't count on it being romantic and pack your earplugs...  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>humanone
<Content>Club Quarters SF a great find. We visit SF often and were thrilled to find an inexpensive place in a great location (walk easily to Ferry Building gourmet world, Chinatown and North Beach) at a reasonable price, especially since the building was new and very clean, as compared to the vintage lower priced hotels. The complaint about small room and small bed must have been from two people trying to stay in a single person room; we had a standard, with Queen bed, and it was large enough. Nothing bumped into anything and there was room for luggage next to the bed and next to the easy chair and next to the work desk. True, few amenities, no luxury, and since I never depend on hotel shampoo, who cares if it is mediocre. Our towels were very fluffy, even though we only got one washcloth. When we asked for extra toilet paper (my mistake; I didn't see the extra roll already there) two rolls were delivered within 5 minutes. The air conditioner and heating unit worked perfectly (from the thermostat on the wall) and was unusually quiet. And by the way, new buildings in San Francisco are not allowed to have windows that open, because of the overuse of utilities that would occur. Noisy guests can be found in any hotel, even 4 star hotels. As for the restaurant downstairs, why would anyone eat there when there are dozens of Zagat rated and dozens of moderate restaurants nearby, including a dozen in the Embarcadero Center across the street and in the Ferry Building 3 blocks away; do your homework!! iIn short, we will return to Club Quarters in San Francisco whenever we can.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lipsticktraces
<Content>Great stay except for the wi-fi       Hotel room  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>skpmetro
<Content>Decent Hotel, Small Rooms Location: If you're looking for nightlife you can walk to, don't stay here. Since it is in the financial district, there is not much to do after business hours or on the weekend. I made this mistake - thought everything was hopping everywhere in San Fran. Not true for this neighborhood. However, it was a quick walk to Pier 1 which has a great farmer's market and a good selection of restaurants. There are plenty of places to eat/get coffee during the day.Rooms: I reserved a standard room. It was tiny, tiny, tiny! It was like a shoebox and there was really poor air circulation - it got quite stuffy. If you stay here, try to get an exterior room and ask if they have any spacious rooms.Decor/layout: This hotel is pretty clever in this arena. While it's small, it makes the most out of it's space and provides modern furniture and fixtures. The front desk is attractive as is the common sitting area. The bathrooms are modern and clean. Ironing boards and irons are housed in a cabinet by the elevators for all to use and then return - there are several and I never had a problem getting one. The hotel also provides complimentary water bottles and filtered water to grab whenever you need.Extras: An Irish restaurant/pub is just on the ground floor so that's convenient. They have a large menu. Food is decent. A laundry room is provided - it's darn cheap. Free internet.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	2	4	

<Author>canatraveller35
<Content>Great location, so so service The hotel is located very conveniently near Columbus Avenue (North Beach restaurants), Union Square (shopping), and the Ferry Building. There is also easy access to the BART system and cable cars. The hotel is clean and comfortable with free internet and free bottled water which was great. They are, however, slightly light on the amenities as we only received two towels and a fairly horrible 2 in 1 shampoo. The bathroom is very small and there is also a lack of face cloths and hand towels. On the second night, the cleaning staff forgot to clean our room entirely which we noticed upon returning to the room at about 6 PM. When we inquired at the front desk, the night manager became quite uptight and tried to blame us essentially accusing us of forgetting to remove the do not disturb sign which was not the case at all. We did not get so much as an apology and he was rather rude. Individuals like this should not work in the service industry or should be confined to 1 star hotels next to the highway. Upon returning to our room again at 11 PM we noticed that he had dumped a couple of fresh hotels on the bed but did not bother to even remove the used ones from the floor of the bathroom. This individual gets a rating of terrible, and knocks the rating of the entire hotel to a neutral / average.Still the rates are quite good for a downtown hotel and if they actually remember to clean your room it is almost like staying in a nicer place.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	2	2	5	

<Author>puinting
<Content>Not bad, great location CQ is not a bad place to stay if you're not looking for comfort. We stayed here for a weekend wedding at the City Club. We were on the 4th floor. Location of this hotel is great, right by Embarcadero, china town, little italy. So, if you're not one to hang out in your hotel room much, this is the perfect place to stay. The biggest complaint we have is the towels. They are so worn that they practically scratch your face when you're drying yourself. A couple of our neighbors and some outside noise in the alley really wasn't bad. We'd stay here again for this price. Oh, they still have the old school TVs. You wont find any plasmas or LCDs here.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chap4Chap
<Content>Good choice for business traveler I booked a room at Club Quarters before reading some of the negative reviews here at TripAdvisor. I had selected the hotel based on location and price but a couple of recent reviewers had really roasted the place, so I arrived with some apprehension. My experience was uniformly positive, so I'd like to offer a counterpoint. When I checked in the staff was courteous and pleasant and I was informed that I had been given an upgraded room which turned out to be a small suite. The room was clean, everything worked (including the HVAC), and I never heard a thing from my neighbors. The complimentary WiFi connection seemed quite fast and never dropped out. I found the bed comfortable and the linens fresh.Don't get me wrong--this is not a posh place. It's utilitarian and doesn't offer a lot of frills. The bathroom counter tops are not marble, but the things that mattered to me were just fine. Since I had a suite I can't answer the complaints about room size, but for someone like me, who just wants a comfortable, safe place to spend the night rather than a hotel experience, the Club Quarters fit the bill exactly.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Michparis
<Content>Great financial district location Hotel has not parking, we were told that it would be 37 dollars per day, however because we stayed at Club Quarters on a week-end we were able to park on the nearby street for free !Our room 534 was on a non-smoking floor, facing a quieter street. Decor is spartan, room is very clean, nice bed, large shower only. Towels are changed every other day. Extra pillows and blankets are available in the hall-way although get yours early as the linen closet is not refilled during the day. There is a filtered water fountain with plastic bottles. The TV is dated. The clock-radio is more recent. The room is small.The window DOES NOT open and we did not like that. The heating system is probably 30 yrs old and difficult to adjust.The Club Quarters is 2 blocks from the end of the Embacardero, 20 minutes walk to fisherman's wharf and the retro trolleys are nearby. Chinatown begins 4 blocks up from hotel. The front desk staff is efficient and correct, not friendly, just very professional. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel, buffet style, for 14 dollars. Okay food, nothing great, ours had to be sent back to the kitchen as our french toasts were so cold the butter did not melt. Our request was meant promptly.Still, if you only want to spend 100 dollars per night and be close to the water and the ferries to Alcatraz Island, you would appreciate this hotel. The business center was very plush, 3 computers and printers with local newspapers, obviously catering to business people in the financial district of SF.Micheline and JordanSeattle, WA USA  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>DomJC
<Content>Doesn't Deserve a 4 star rating AT ALL While the property is in a good neighborhood, and has excellent neighbors (Le Meridian is across the street) this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Period. Strictly speaking of San Francisco, I have stayed there many times in the last 10 years, and usually keep to hotels I know will provide good service, value, and a resonable room size. Upon checkin, I went to my room (there was no one to assist with luggage at the time) and when I opened it, it was literally the size of a broom closet. The bathroom door had to be completely shut in order to enter and exit the room, and the bed was up against the side wall next to the window. There was a small desk with a chair, but when sitting in it, the chair knocked against the end of the bed. I contacted the front desk and asked for a different room and was told that the hotel had been completely booked...this was the only room available.Normally I'm not a claustrophobic person, but this room was so small that I felt that I had to leave immediately and walk around. I spent most of my time across the street in the Le Meridian and down the Embarcadero at the Hyatt (both of which I've stayed numerous times) in their lobbies conducting business and working on my laptop as the room itself was only suitable for sleeping in and showering.I've since seen other Club Quarters in other cities and have intentionally not stayed with them for fear of a similar disaster. There is no way that this hotel deserves anything more than a 2-star rating, especially in a city like San Francisco that has so many exlemplary places to stay that are in the same price range.Do yourself a favor and stay away from this hotel. It truly is the proverbial wolf in sheep's clothing. If you need to stay in the Financial District, go to the Omni, the Embarcadero Hyatt or Mandarin Oriental and you're bound to have a much better time.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Weekendtrippers
<Content>We couldn't run out of there fast enough. First off, I'd like to thank Hotwire for negotiating this hellhole for us. The hotel (if you want to call it that) lost our reservation too, and if we had known what we were getting into, it would have been better off left lost.Everything about this place is so horrifying that we almost couldn't believe it. We spent upwards of $200 for a room that must have been 100+ sq ft, and barely fit the double bed. My boyfriend and I had to continually stand up and switch positions so that one of us could move around the place. The TV is hooked onto one of those 80s TV wall mounts because there isn't a spare inch to put the thing. Our window faced the garbage, and didn't open (you would understand this gripe if you knew what the ventilation and A/C were like).There was one towel in the bathroom and the closet was like a stand-up coffin. Our door was maybe 1 foot away from the door next to us. Our neighbors did provide endless entertainment - screaming down the hallways, bringing security guards to the door, and one drunken person who thought our room was his and tried, persistently, to open our door.The one luxury they offer is a complimentary bottled water vending station, where they stack washed water bottles and you get to fill them yourself with tap water. The receptionists were nice, but that's about it. Needless to say, when the sun came up, we ran. Fast.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	2	

<Author>CSquaredC2
<Content>Great hotel off the beaten path I stayed here at the beginning of December after getting a deal from Priceline. I discovered Club Quarters for the first time in Chicago last summer. Before that, I had never even heard of this hotel. From what I gather, it's a membership hotel, but they open the hotel to non-members on weekends. All the rooms are clean, comfortable and modern with free internet access and water; and all the rooms have a shower versus a tub. This hotel had a 24 hour fitness center, but I didn't have the opportunity to use it. The hotel is nice, but one thing you should be aware of is that every room is different. Some rooms are very small, some are larger. I've stayed at the Chicago hotel twice and the rooms and layout were different. I don't think this hotel has a parking valet - at least they didn't the night I stayed there. I was here on a Saturday night and chose to street park, which ended up working well since after 6pm and all day Sunday, street parking was free. As for the location, if you're looking for the hustle and bustle of Union Square, you may want to rething this area. It's in the Financial District, which I guess is more happening during the workweek. Right across the street from Embarcadero Center, it's about a 10-15 minute walk to Union Square, and is right next to the Transamerica building. I did a lot of walking to Union Square, which is about 10-15 minute by foot, and also would walk over to the Civic Center area which took about 35 minutes. If you know where you are going, you can map out a route in which you avoid some of the infamous San Francisco hills. As for safety, it can get pretty quiet at night and mostly what you'll see is homeless and tourists. Since once I parked, I kept my vehicle in one place, I walked everywhere and had no issues walking at all hours of the day and night.As far as price, this is a great alternative to Union Square and I give this hotel high marks for it's individuality. It's like a very nice boutique hotel.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>otsumami
<Content>Convienent and clean I stayed at this hotel for a conference at the Moscone Center; it was significantly less expensive than the hotels closer to the Moscone Center even with the special conference rate.I arrived quite late the first night and was given a room at the very end of the hall; it was a smoking room, despite having requested a non-smoking room through Expedia. There were no more non-smoking rooms available that night. However, the front desk called the following morning by 8 am to let me know a non-smoking room had become available for me.The rooms here are definitely small, but it also seems to be dependent on where the room is located. My first double was so small that the bathroom door, room door, and closet door all opened into the same space, but my second double was quite comfortable, albeit still on the smaller side. Cable TV is a plus, as well as the complimentary wireless Internet access (which, incidentally, may vary in signal from essentially nonexistent to reasonably strong.)A significant perk of the hotel is the complimentary refillable water bottle dispenser near the elevators on each floor. These are plastic sealed bottles which can be opened and filled with cold filtered water. Another perk is the club room on the ground floor, where I was able to use the complimentary computers with Internet access and also print documents, including ones that I sent to the printer via laptop while in my hotel room and then used a unique document code to print out once I was down in the club room.It was about a 10 min walk to the Moscone Center from the hotel and about 3 min walk to Chinatown. The nearest BART station was about 5 min away, even with luggage. I would easily choose to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	5	

<Author>naja58
<Content>Do not fall for this trap! Not worth 3.5 stars! Booked this hotel via Hotwire since the price was OK for a stay in San Francisco. The hotel was rated as a 3.5 star equivalent to a Hilton. I was a bit apprehensive at check in due to mitigated reviews I had read. Although the hotel is clean (the least really you expect), this is in no means comparible to a 3.5 star rating Hotwire has. The rooms are small and only have twin beds or a single queen. As mentioned in other reviews, the accoustics are pretty bad. Although the hotel was fairly fully booked when I stayed we thankfully had quiet neighbours, but indeed the least amount of talking in the hallway can be heard in the rooms. The beds are more military style with the actual cover that doubles as blanket, which I doubt if cleaned after every guest. Ammenities are a pure minimum, If you do not care giving in on quality of your stay, this is probably a decent choice. But please do not let the star rating fool you, this hotel is certainly not worth more then a 2.5 star rating!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>alferrari
<Content>disappointed with stay Not sure why this hotel is ranked so high on the list. the hotel itself seems okay but the room i stayed in was absolutely tiny and i kept mistaking the bathroom for a closet. the area is convenient in that it is near the bart but is otherwise not in a particularly desirable area and does not have any good restaurants close by. it was incredibly cramped, the staff were not helpful, and i certainly would not stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>ROKChicago_IL
<Content>Wonderful location and perfect long weekend hotel My husband and I stayed at Club Quarters San Francisco for a long weekend and we highly recommend this hotel for its location, nightly rates, and it is also well maintained. We are seasoned travelers and we were at first uncertain about staying in a smaller scale hotel, but it was a pleasant surprise and we'll definitely stay there again when we visit San Francisco in the future!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Caring_Bear
<Content>Great value My thoughts based on other reviews here.... I stay in SF about 10-12 times a year, so I'm familiar with the Kimpton hotels, etc.Couldn't stay at any of my regular places because I was only there one night (on a Friday) and all were either booked or required a Saturday night stay. It was fleet week (unbeknownst to me) so the city was incredibly busy.Rooms seem to be average in size. What the place lacks in personality it completely makes up for in business amenities. I especially like the fact that I can order from numerous local restaurants via room service. Also like that I requested an early check-in (arrived at 1PM) and they were able accomodate. There are also levels of late check out that you can pay for, which is a life saver for those who may need to leave town late but want to grab a shower or a nap on the way out. Location is good if you need to be in the Embarcadero or Financial Districts, but you'll need to take a cab to get to most other places. It's central, s not more than 5 minutes from most destinations like Union Square, Nob Hill, etc.Only real problem is that getting a cab quickly in this location is not easy. Plan on walking a few blocks or have the front desk call ahead. Overall the service was as good or better than I've experienced at other higher end boutique hotels in SF.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SenatorK
<Content>Small Rooms but Convenient Location I was looking for a cheap 3 star in the city and Hotwire gave me CQ for $99 a night. I was very happy about this deal until I called the hotel and found out parking would cost $33 a day nearby. Oh well, that's the big city for you! Us country bumpkins from the OC just ain't used to payin' to park our tractor of an SUV!Rooms are small but clean and comfy. Perks include free wi-fi and bottled water. There's also a laundry and a gym with weights. A British-style pub and Starbucks are right next door. Pro: Walking distance to the Ferry station, Embarcadero Center, Cable Car station, and Chinatown. Con: Few staff members in lobby as it's expected that you check-in and out by yourself. No bathtub. Trivia: When the hotel was being built, the crew found a Gold Rush- era trading ship buried underneath! Huzzah!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dc_chuck
<Content>good value in SF The hotel is located next to Le Meridian hotel in the financial district. It is very quiet there on the weekend and everything is near if you are a good walker: 45 mins to Pier 33 or 30 mins to Union Square. I got a queen room shower stall only for $130 (no view, very business like in the room). For the price, I highly recommend if you are visiting to see the city. The room is not for a romantic weekend or an anniversary.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>MrBen1
<Content>Smart hotel, good location We stayed here on the first night of our holiday in the US having flown from the UK. Having been to San Francisco before and simply using it as an entry point to the US, we simply wanted a comfortable easy to reach hotel where we could sleep off the jetlag!Club Quarters was very reasonably priced for central San Francisco, and it's easily reached from SFO using the BART to Embarcadero station, which is five mins walk from the hotel. Cable car lines are also nearby and Union square is 10-15 minutes walk.The room was smallish but fine for the two of us for one night., the bed was comfortable and the shower adequate. The front desk staff were helpful and efficient.The only downside we had was that our room was as far from the elevator as it is possible to get, right round the other end of the building, which meant it took a while to get to and from the room. Also the wi-fi signal wasn't very strong - i wonder if that was due to the room location.For the amount paid (about $100), this is a decent stopping point in SF.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eco_parakalo
<Content>Great for single, business travelers... I had a pleseant stay at the Club Quarters. The hotel itself was a 15 minute walk from the Embacadero BART stop, which was a $5.15 dollar ride from the airport. It was very close to Chinatown and Union Square with the Wharf relatively close (20-ish minute walk). The actual hotel was nice. The rooms were tiny, but they were very clean and modern. The bed was comfortable and the wireless internet was excellent. They have three computers in the lobby with internet/printers, a nice gym and a little observation deck at the top floor with a view of the San Fran skyline. Room service was very nice and the front desk staff were professional and very accomodating. The front desk staff is excellent, and went out of their way to help me when I had a sticky situation. When I return, I will definately be staying there again!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mooth
<Content>Fine for Single Business Travelers There are lots of good things about the Club Quarters. Rooms are a bit small, but no problem with one or two people. Outdoor deck was nice for some fresh air. Fitness room was decent. Coffee in lounge was way better than that in rooms, TV was kinda small for at hotel. In some ways, the location is good. Not big on nightlife, exactly, but close to Ferry Building and Embarcadero Center.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>yiuyiu_tai
<Content>Liked my stay, but would recommend that travelers keep looking The biggest downside is that I would have preferred to stay somewhere closer to the BART station. That said, the hotel stay itself was nice. We had a small but cozy room. Average for what one would expect from a business traveler's hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	-1	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CarlOjai
<Content>Excellent Hotel This is a great hotel in an excellent location! Everything you need is within easy walking distance including a large supermarket. Excellent restaurants are also close by. The rooms are very nice and although on the small side, they are average in size for San Francisco. The lobby is a real plus as it is very large and a very comfortable reading or lounging area. Coffee is provided in the morning as is many newspapers and magazines. A large screen TV is also available plus 3 free computers with printing capability. I read all of the previously written reviews and was concerned about some of the negative comments about the hotel staff. And of course some of the staff was better than others but on average they were very helpful and courteous. Peter was the best at helping with restaurant recommendations.You can't go wrong with this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>pnav
<Content>Affordable and Great place We stayed in club quarters during labor day week end. The hotel and location was just great.. Every thing is so close by.The Embcardo center is just opposite the hotel, which has couple of good places to eat. Easy to get cabs, munis etc. Union square is about 15 min walk, China town is very close by. The location just rocks!!!. The rooms were neat.. bit tiny.. But we hardly spent time.... No complaints!!!!! and of course Affordable when compared to other hotels aroundl....  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>GoodVedderBest
<Content>Nice, affordable choice Found a great deal online for this property, as it was much cheaper than others in the area. Room was setup for business as is mentioned in earlier reviews. Not a big deal. Everything seemed to be in nice shape. Bathroom was a bit cramped and tv was a bit small, but it wasn't a big issue. I wasn't planning on sitting in the room much anyway! Found the front desk/check in to be extremely easy and quick. Top marks for this.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>IntrepidTraveller05
<Content>Nice hotel, lacks customer service. After having stayed at the Club Quarters in Rockefeller Center, we decided to try our luck at the one in San Fran. We really enjoyed our time in the New York hotel, and thought that this experience would be similar. The hotel itself was not as impressive as their New York branch, but the stay itself was pleasant, no complaints about noise or the room.However, the main reason we booked a stay here was for the weekend 'deal' available to CQ Member company employees. The advertised rate was 69 dollars a night for Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights. We booked about 2 months in advance to ensure we would be able to get the special rate. My boyfriend spoke on the phone with their main booking agency and they were very helpful, but told us that there was a special event going on Saturday evening, so that we would not be able to recieve the discounted rate that night. We were OK with that, but the rate was expected to jump to around $130 for that one evening. However, upon checking out, serious flaws in their seamless check-in/check-out was made apparant. The most serious problem I see with the electronic check in check out that they have is that their staff is totally un-oriented with their own hotel policies when a problem arises!! We checked out electronically, and our reciept was for 450 dollars, and had quoted totally wrong prices for each night. The staff we discussed our problem with was friendly, but had no idea that they even OFFERED a special rate to corporate members on the weekends. He seemed to think that we should have been paying more on a weekend, and was totally confused with something that is clearly displayed all over their website. Frankly, I was extremly upset, since we had stayed in the financial district on a weekend -- obviously not the most exciting place to stay in the city, but we had done it for the special price. We could have stayed somewhere nicer, with close attractions, not payed a lot for cabs, if we had known earlier that we would not indeed, be recieving a special price. We even showed the clerk our confirmation that quoted the prices we would be paying. He said that prices were subject to change based on room availablility. That's pretty much BS, since you can't charge someone MORE for a service once they've booked it. The whole experience left a very bad taste in my mouth, and I found it insulting that if you went to the clerk for check-in/check-out, they directed you to their electronic machines for check in. The Motel 6 will personally check me in, but not a hotel room that I end up paying 160 dollars for?! Come on Club Quarters, have some class.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	-1	4	

<Author>D4real
<Content>Great stay ! Great location, easy walk to the embarcadero where you can walk along the piers with views of the bay or catch a trolley to Fishermans wharf. Also short walk to Chinatown, a little longer but still mostly flat to North Beach for Beach Blanket Babylon  tons of great restaurants as well as a few jazz clubs. I spent 3 nights here with my teenage daughter  was totally comfortable walking around late at night, even though the area is on the quiet side. Rooms were small but adequate, bottled water available in the hall  ice in lower level made lack of refrigerator a non-issue .We both appreciated the public use computers in the lobby for directions, checking flight status,  e-mail. It was an easy walk to Bart station  from there to SFO. Front desk was very helpful  offerred directions  maps readily.Overall I would recommend this no frills hotel highly.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	-1	5	3	5	

<Author>JRBAKER24
<Content>Great location  My husband chose this hotel because of the location-he ran the SF Marathon and wanted a place close to the start of the race. We arrived early, and thought we would have to leave our bags and explore the city until 3pm check-in time, but Shawn was able to check us in immediately. We asked for a fridge for my husband's medication, but none were available, we were told to check back. Later, Peter was extremely helpful in relocating us to a room with a refrgerator, and even gave us a complimentary breakfast for the trouble. The hotel room was extremely clean, and so convenient to everything--tons of restaurants, Starbucks, etc... It's in a good part of SF, so we felt safe. The complimentary bottled water was great, but they need to consider recycling receptacles for the discarded bottles--that's a lot of plastic.We would absolutely highly recommend this hotel to anytone traveling to the Bay area. Yes, the rooms may feel small, but are spotless and while you're in the city-don't spend so much time in the room! The hotel staff was top notch, we loved San Francisco, and the hotel was a big part of it!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paubri
<Content>Great Stay at Club Quarters I spent three nights over a weekend at the Club Quarters San Francisco and had a great experience. The room was clean, comfortable, and very nicely furnished. The property is a bit different from other hotels. The hotel isn't set up for every feature to be a profit center and there are good deal more self-service options than you would find at a comparable property. The room was not the most generously sized, and might have been an issue if I were on a business trip where I was doing a great deal of work in my room. For my purposes, however, (a place to sleep and relax) it worked very well. There was a bit of a noise issue as others have mentioned, but nothing that interrupted my sleep at all. Also, the bathroom only has a stall shower, not a bathtub, so if that's an issue this may not be the place for you.The room had a good desk with plenty of available light, outlets available at the work station, and two phones in the room, one of which was cordless. Each room has its own direct-dial phone number, which is a nice feature.Vending and the ice machine are located on the lower level along with the fitness center (treadmill, stationary bike, and a rack of dumbells) and complimentary guest laundry facility. The ground floor features three computers with high speed internet access, a complimentary guest print me printing station, a nice guest lounge and the check-in desk. Each floor has a water dispenser with empty bottles for complimentary chilled water. Most of the stuff one would expect to pay for at this level of property (internet, laundry, printing, etc.) is provided at no charge, but the trade-off is the self-service nature of much of the facility, including self-service check-in and check-out. That being said, any time I had a question the folks at the front desk were great and very helpful! The location is accessible to many of the tourist areas on foot or via a short cab ride. It's also within blocks of a BART station for service to SFO or OAK airports. If you're on an expense account and looking for all of the 4-star bells and whistles this might not be the best option, but if you're looking for good quality accommodations, great service, and if you're a bit flexible, this is a great place to stay! I plan to stay here again when I return to the City.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>newlywed518
<Content>Wonderful! - some advice My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon in May. We went ahead and went with the upgrade to a queen sized bed, which is still a great deal! The room was a bit small, but not as bas as I had imagined it by reading other reviews. The bed was really comfotable and the staff kept the room very clean. We thought it was awesome that they offered unlimited, free, filtered water, along with bottles to put it in. We saved a lot of money because of the water. We would each fill up a bottle before going out to site see and it would last us pretty much all day. Another great thing about the hotel was the 11th floor sun deck. After a long day of site seeing, we would go up there and relax and just take in the view. The security is great! You feel very safe because you need your key if you want to go anywhere in the hotel. We loved it!The location is perfect. China town is about 3 blocks away and the all the bus stops were very close so we saw everything we wanted to see. The restaurant that is attached, called Elephant  Castle is pretty good! They have a pool table and lounge area downstairs. A little piece of advice...the best thing we did was buy city passes. You get unlimited city transportation and if you buy the $54 pass, it includes admission many museums, the aquarium, a bay cruise, and much more. Our honeymoon was wonderful and we will definately stay at Club Quarters when we return.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>aus99
<Content>Try it for yourself. In early May I stayed for two weekend nights so got a great rate... $62 pn. I had read a number of reviews here so was prepared for noise and a small room. Perhaps because of that expectation I was very pleasantly surprised: no noise at all and the room was more than adequate for one or two people who are not planing to live in the room. The free wireless connection was great and the desk in the room was perfect for laptop use. The plastic bottles and cold water in the corridor are a real bonus. Check in was easy and despite arriving at noon I was able to move in to the room immediately. Clean, comfortable, central... all very good and I doubt you'll beat the value for money.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>SanDiegoMytime
<Content>Loud A/C The hotel staff was great. We arrived early before 1100 AM and immediately had a room. The room was small more for business but we weren't in it very often. The room was very, very clean and looked remodeled, however ours had a shower only. Great location for sure if you plan on walking alot or going public transpo. Our room's A/C woke us up a few times but if you can stand traffic noise then open the window. They have a really neat water machine at the end of the hallway and a pretty decent pub next door. I reccommend this hotel for those who need to budget somewhat.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>53mainline
<Content>One of the BEST !!!! They went out of their way to recommend restaurants within walking distance of the hotel . We had a family member stayingat a hotel in a city nearby and they made arrangements for themto and from our hotel. The staff was beyond friendly almostlike family. The food in the restaurant at the hotel was very good.We will be staying at this hotel in the future. The rooms seem to be smaller than average but was perfect for two people.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAWheels
<Content>Great Rates My wife and I enjoyed our stay at Club Quarters, however, be advised that the standard rooms are too small for two people for a stay of more than a few nights. For San Francisco, you can't beat the rates, though, and the rooms, while small, are new and clean. We stayed 5 nights so we took advantage of the laundry room in the basement, which is where the ice and vending machines were located as well. My wife is disabled and in a wheelchair full time. We found the accessible bathroom to be excellent with a roll-in shower and an ADA toilet with grab bars. Also, the sink was elevated for wheelchair patrons. Strangely, the accessible rooms were located at the far end of the hallways, once you leave the elevator lobby so, if you're traveling with a walker or someone using a cane, beware. In addition, since the room was a too small for two people, we tried to upgrade to a larger room but the only accessible rooms are the standard ones. The hotel is across the street from the Embarcadero, which harbors shopping such as Banana Republic, Victoria's Secret and other mainstream stores. An ATM is located in the first set of buildings facing the hotel. The hotel does not have an ATM. In addition, there is a Tony Roma's there and a Chevy's, if you're desperate. Otherwise, you can try Schroeder's restaurant, an old German restaurant dating back to 1893, which is a few blocks away on Front Street. Also on Front Street is the Irish bar Harrington's. If you want to venture out, try Scoma's down in Fisherman's Wharf. The prices are too high but it's fun to eat by the water and the food is good.In closing, the Club Quarters is great for the lone business traveler. Upgrade to the bigger room if you're traveling with two or more people and, if you have disabilities, call in advance to quiz them on the room. Perhaps they have some that are closer to the elevators.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wheezy_Dave
<Content>Very clean and comforable The Club Quarters gives you a very inexpensive, but still clean and comfortable option in San Francisco's financial district. Picture a corporate dorm--the rooms are a bit smaller than your typical business hotel, but are very clean and the bed was comfortable. The shower is a small alcove off the small bathroom (no tub), but the water pressure was fine and it got the job done. Other than some doors closing in the hallway, the room was pretty quiet.The location is convenient to the downtown landmarks--it's about a 25-minute walk to Moscone Center (it's all flat). My conference didn't offer shuttle service directly to Club Quarters, but I was able to catch buses back to nearby hotels. And it's across the street from Le Meriden, so you can get a cab there if you need one. Parking is around the corner at the Embarcadero Center for about $30 a day--not sure if there are cheaper options in the neighborhood or not. I didn't check out the attached restaurant, Elephant and Castle, but some local friends had eaten there and said it was pretty good. Overall, Club Quarters is a nice choice, and well worth the bargin price.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heidihair
<Content>Great location, VERY clean and quite cozy We went to San Francisco on business and stayed at Club Quarters on Clay Street for 2 nights. We arrived and found our room ready as promised -- clean and well appointed. The rooms are smaller than your run-of-the-mill room, but it felt cozy to me.The linens were spotless and the pillows were divine. The bath was smaller than most but well laid out with ample shelving/counter space. I really enjoyed the non-tub shower; it was all-tile with silver fixtures and a very adjustable shower head with wonderful water pressure (rare in bay area hotels sometimes). There was also a nice large mirror with great lighting for getting ready.I know others who have stayed here mentioned that their room's window didn't open, but ours did and it was great to be able to let the bay breeze and watch the bustle on the street below. Maybe just ask the desk clerk if you prefer a room with an operable window?The small sun deck on the 11th floor had a great view in both day and night, it was an enjoyable place to sit and relax.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelH0und
<Content>Great Value/Great Location/No problems We stayed here for 5 nights in January for around $90 a night. The location is terrific. It is close to several restaurants, 2 wine bars, a movie theatre complex and within short (relatively flat) walking distance to many of the major sites. We avoided the attached restaurant, but walked to other options within 0-3 blocks. Our room was modestly furnished but it emphasized the clean feeling of the space. The free internet access was very convenient as were the various newspapers available in the main floor lounge. We received polite service including the arrangement of transportation to the airport. The hotel is across the street from the Le Meridien, so if you need a taxi or a fancy restaurant, you can catch it there. The walls are thin but we didn't hear much except for the door--2 door rooms are arranged right next to each other in an entry alcove. We will return on our nexxt visit.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>greatbeginnings
<Content>Great place, good service, nice people I usually stay at Club Quarters Embarcadero when visiting San Francisco. I lived in SF for 15 years and so know the city well and like the location, which is downtown. Very safe, clean and convenient. But, ready yourself for it being quiet (not festive) at night. (Another thing I like about it.) However, it is near BART transport and an easy walk to North Beach and Union Square. The rooms are very comfortable, not fancy but have everything you need and well appointed. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. They have free computer access and coffee in the sitting room, with CNN on the TV. The only black mark is the restaurant/bar. Just don't go there - bad food, too expensive, poor service. Use their in-room fridge and buy breakfast in advance, using the in-room coffee maker. Also, get their advance rate by booking early, which I usually get at around $110 per night, incredible for SF.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrs_nuts
<Content>Far exceeded expectations I've been traveling to San Francisco on business for roughly seven years and have stayed at a large variety of hotels there. This my my first time at the Club Quarters and I was a bit leery due to the rate of $89. Wow was I impressed! This hotel was much better than many of the boutiques I've stayed in and even some of the well-known historic hotels in the city. The room was small and only a double bed, but I did expect that. It's the perfect place for a business travel -- very close to Market Street (and even a Starbucks a mere 20 feet away). The one suggestion I have is to bring your own shampoo, conditioner, etc.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Lporr913
<Content>Excellent Place to Stay! The ease of check in and check out was superb! The dollar value for the room was excellent! The location was great!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meltraveler
<Content>Great location, good value. Safe and ideal location for a vacation to San Fran. The free internet computers in the lobby was a nice perk. The only drawback was that the walls are very thin and the rooms are close together...so if you are a light sleeper this may be a problem.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>TaminatorSF
<Content>Most basic business hotel Stayed here a while ago. Room is small but clean. Window faces the wall! Restaurant breakfast is so so. The only great point about the hotel is free internet.Okay, one more great thing was on the following day when I needed to catch a cab to a business as well as later on needed another cab to go to a different hotel, they had a town car waiting for me as complimentary! Of course when I needed to go to the airport a few days later I called for the service and gave them a big tip!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	5	5	5	

<Author>Kaycj
<Content>No complaints This is a no-frills but clean, modern and comfortable hotel clearly designed for the business traveler -- the male business traveler. Room decor, colors used, furniture, bathroom, etc., were very masculine, but nice. I don't know if they're all this way, but ours had a shower stall only. The hair dryer was the small, wall-mounted type. One major recommendation I would make to women staying here is to definitely bring your own toiletries. Rooms were smallish, but my husband and I did not feel cramped in the least. In fact, I was impressed with how space-efficient this hotel was. Why do you really need tons of floor space in a place where most of the time you're there you're in bed asleep? I was concerned about the noise problem other reviews here mentioned. I specifically asked for a quiet room and got it. I did hear room doors opening and closing, but that's it. I guess I lucked out. One little bennie we discovered: a computer and printer in the lobby we used at no extra cost. Great for printing out our Southwest boarding passes! Enjoyed our one night and would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>jaypeaznuts
<Content>Great hotel, location and amenities Club Quarters San Francisco is a great travellers hotel. The hotel is clean and modern. There is free high-speed internet access (you can bring your own lap top or there are computers downstairs in the common area.) The bed was extremely comfortable. The room was a bit small, but my fiancee and I are both over 6ft tall, and we never felt cramped or in each others way. Check-in was a breeze, and the staff was excellent. I actually saw one of the desk attendants walking a party from the hotel around the financial district to help them find a place to eat on labor day eve...talk about service!!! The room had a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker. (I'm not sure if all do, so you may need to request.) In addition to all of this, there is a gym with some pretty decent equipment and a roof-top deck w/ somewhat restricted views of the bay. I read some negative reviews about the location, and I'm not sure what those people are smoking. The hotel is about 3 blocks outside of North Beach. It is also about 5 blocks form market street, along which there is access to muni, bart, busses and ferries. In my opinion, that's a damn fine location. Booked a last minute trip to San Francisco for labor day weekend. I am not sure of the exact price that was paid for the hotel as it was a package deal, but based upon my guesstimation and arithmatic, it was probably around $65-$75 per night....an absolute steal for this beautiful city.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>46red
<Content>great hotel at a great location I was very happy with the location, very close to china town and also to the embarcadero. We walked to dinner most nights in chinatown and little italy. I was a little worried when I saw the reviews saying that the rooms were small, I can tell that the people who wrote them never stayed in new york city hotels because our room was twice the size of the average hotel room in nyc. The room was clean and more than enough space for two people. I was also happy that we did not have the homeless people hanging out near the hotel like many of the other hotels had. I felt secure here.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nellrose
<Content>I left my love in San Francisco We stayed three days in San Francisco . It was the first time I visit that beautiful city with my boyfriend. We visit Fisherman Wharf, Cliff House, Planetarium, Mission Street, Downtown, Chinatown. It is a big city with so many places to go nearby. We visit Berkely, Oakland and Sausalito , too. We took also a Golden Bridge tour. We keep the Alcatraz tour for a second visit. We spent two night at the Hyatt Regency in Burlingame and one night at the Club Quarters. The first hotel is big and confortable with a beautiful view of the bay. The second is an ideal hotel at downtown, everything is near!!!! I strongly recommed these hotels, they are not expensive, 3 star hotels and extremely clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>EXTREMELY THIN WALLS! Club Quarters is a hotel chain that contracts with large companies for discount hotel stays during the week. On the weekends, they lift their private club restriction and allow other travellers to stay at relatively inexpensive rates.We found that this Club Quarters, in San Francisco, is in the financial district - a great location for business travellers during the week, but on the weekend the entire neighborhod is completely dead. The hotel has no parking at all. Guests are instructed to park at a pay garage around the corner - for $28/day. So much for saving money on the hotel. Our other complaint was that the walls are paper-thin. Other reviewers have mentioned that there seemed to be a party going on all night in the hallway, and this was definitely our experience. If you're looking for a party atmosphere at 2 am in a low-cost hotel, this is the place! But if you were hoping to get some sleep, you're out of luck. In addition to screaming, yelling, laughing, and slamming doors, we could also easily hear normal noises (tv, talking, flushing toilets) from the rooms on either side, above, and below us.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Evanescent
<Content>It's only business CQ bills itself as a business hotel, and it is that, but nothing more. Most of the rooms are VERY small, with double beds, small bathrooms and only one hand-towel. We spent one night in a room that was more like a cell--its window looked out at a bare concrete wall just 3 feet away. And it reeked of tobacco! But the second night we were moved to a much larger room on the top floor, with great views, and no smell. On the holiday weekend we were there, most of the patrons were foreign tourists and youf couples. We had no issues with noice. Being in the financial district, there was always street parking available, which saves about $35/night.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>GAHighRoller
<Content>OK Place - Be Sure That You Like the Neighbors in the Next Room Stayed here April 30 - May 3 as a good alternative to the Hyatt down the street, where my meeting was located. The place is nice and the room is adequate for a single traveler. The savings averaged $50 per night over the Hyatt. However, the walls are so thin that you can hear the TV and the conversation of the people in the next room. Be sure that you like them, because you will hear everything that they have to say.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>iWonder
<Content>Good hotel, great location I just got back from a trip to San Francisco and a stay at Club Quarters. I found the previous reviews to be very helpful. It was in a great location and the room was fine - clean and met our needs. I agree they were a little skimpy with the bathroom towels, but immediately brought up a couple more when I requested them. We had to find an blanket in the guest closet in the hallway (the bed only had the top sheet and bedspread on it) - which was fine; I just hope they clean those blankets regularly! The staff was easy to deal with and allowed us to have a late checkout, which we needed. The only real complaint I have is with the parking - parking is at the Embarcadero Center garage, which is fine, but expensive. Even with the parking expense, it was still cheaper to stay here than anywhere else downtown. I didn't have any trouble with thin walls, but I travel with a white noise machine anyway since I'm a light sleeper. I also liked the free internet access - helped with getting directions to places outside of the city and just to check on a few things. All in all, I would defintely stay at Club Quarters again.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff Needs Friendliness Training! I spent four nights at the Club Quarters in April 2006. I arrived at 1:30 (after a long flight from the East Coast) and was told that check-in time was at 3 - ergo, room not ready. Fine. I had a nice lunch in the adjoining restaurant. Came back at 2:45 or so. Nope - room not ready. Went for a walk down by the Bay. Returned at 3:30. The desk staffer, a young woman of Asian heritage, was extremely rude in informing me that the room was still not ready. Funny, don't I start paying for the room at 3 pm? I must say that the young man who had to inform me of the room not being ready the first two times was very helpful and professional. The young lady, however, could not have cared less that I had to sit around waiting for my room. This was NOT a good way to welcome a first-time visitor, and certainly doesn't make me want to direct return business to this hotel. Too bad for them, as I was here specifically seeking a location for extensive group business. As for the room, it was sort of small, there were not enough pillows, and they're sort of skimpy on towels and bathroom accessories. And, yes - very thin walls! The bed was extremely comfortable, however, and the water pressure in the shower was absolutely wonderful. The hotel is also in a great location.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>190671
<Content>Good deal for the Price Spent two nights in San Francisco and went for this hotel as its cost was competitive in comparison to most of the other San Francisco hotels and in a decent safe area.The rooms were smaller than a standard room in the US but were very clean and still large enough for two sharing.The staff were helpful and courteous and the free internet access is a bonus.For a tourist wishing to get around the city, the hotel is slightly out of the way from the main sites as it is in the business area but Fishermans Wharf was walkable and took approx. 20 minutes. Most areas were between $5-10 dollars to get to in a cab and the Embarcadero centre is right across the street for those of you looking to shop.The pub next door was pretty good for a drink although the food was not that great. Traditional English Fayre but lacking in flavour. Having said that, if you are jetlagged and in want of something on the doorstep it would suffice and again staff were friendly and helpful.I would be happy to stay here again if visiting S.F. although a hotel more central to the main tourist areas would be preferable id they could match the price.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thisiskristine
<Content>Nice, cozy place Nice, cozy place, right by the financial district. It's also a short cab ride to downtown, Little Italy, and Fisherman's Wharf. Chinatown is walking distance, but you do have to climb hills! It's nice little place, I would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Accomadations - As Usual This place is a great place to stay if you want a location where you have access to all the sights and sounds of San Francisco. Three blocks from Chinatown, Two blocks from the Famous Cable Cars and Four blocks from BART and a heafty walk to Pac-Bell SBC (ATT) Ballpark. My girlfriend and I took our three grown children for the Chinese New Year's Celebration weekend, and were able to walk back after all the festivities without having to fight the massive crowds. The next day, we hopped on the cable car to ride down to Fishermans Wharf for sour dough bread, clam chowder, chocolate and to see the Sea Lions at Pier 39. Then we took the other line back up to Chinatown for dim sum and walked down to catch BART to go under the trans-Bay tunnel. This place is a private, members only establishment during the business week because its in the heart of the business/financial district. But on the weekends its open to those who know about it. Rooms are neat and clean but a little small for a family trip (that's why we needed two rooms), but the location is worth the cramped space (esp. if all you need is a place to sleep.) Parking is $28.50 per day in the Embarcadero Center underground garage, but the security is really good there.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for Business in the Financial District My stay at the Club Quarters San Francisco was great and exactly what I hoped and expected. The hotel was booked solid when I arrived, fortunately I made reservations ahead of time. Due to the solid booking I was upgraded to a suite! The location is best for those traveling to San Francisco on business, particularly if your meetings are in the financial district. I walked to every meeting and only needed to take BART twice to get to and from SFO. For those with good health and light luggage, it is an easy 4 or 5 block walk from the BART Embarcadero stop. If you enjoy running - the hotel is two blocks to the Embarcadero drive, allowing you to run along the bay.Each room has free and easy internet access too - a huge plus for the business traveler. All was clean and aestetically pleasing, comfortable bed.Attached to the hotel is the Elephant  Castle restaurant which makes eating easy when you are too tired to go out and find something. The restaurant is open for three meals.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dcgolf
<Content>good value for the money I stayed here on a weekend at a discounted/weekend rate for government employees. The hotel is in the Financial District, so it is not as close to the tourist stuff as Union Square. If you are familiar with the MUNI bus system it is not that big a deal-- as you can get away from the area fairly easy. Not the Ritz-Carlton, but a good value for the money. Internet in the lobby was good. My one person room had a shower but no tub. It would be nice if one could serve croissants with the morning coffee, but I guess they wanted to promote the elephant and castle pub next door. Unlike other budget hotels, there was a temperature control in my room. I would stay again for the weekend rates.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than Expected I did not know what to expect after all the reviews. However, after staying there this past weekend for the Cal-USC game, I can say this was a lot better than I would have imagined.The place was very clean and was roomier than expected. Yes, the TV was nothing special, but I can watch TV in the bar downstairs.The place was very modern, free internet, and very clean. It reminded me very much of the HOTEL at Mandalay Bay - not that big and without the flat panel TVs.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>juthu
<Content>A great room I moved here to find a cheaper location in SF. It's a little claustrophobic compared to the posh high end hotels, but I find it sort of 'european'..an economy of space. My room had everything i needed, desk, office chair, easy chair, and a very comfortable bed. The shower is walk in w/ a hand held spray, very nice!My only complaint is windows you cannot open, and a very lint/dust clogged AC filter. Security is nice, requiring a room key to use the elevator. And my favorite thing, free use of computers in the lobby. They also provide coffee maker in room and in lobby. and a nice place in the lobby to sit, read, watch tv. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AZ89
<Content>Great Value and location...but ..as just about everyone here has mentioned, the walls are paper thin...my boyfriend and I felt like we were sleeping with the couple next door. Definitely bring ear plugs if you are a light sleeper.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average quality, but nice The Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco is a little bit hard to review. It has qualities of both a business hotel and a budget motel.Physically, the rooms are very small, but very clean. They are well appointed, but with the quality of linens you would expect to find at a Motel 6. The bathroom is the smallest Ive ever seen in a hotel. The hallways of the property are very narrow with low ceilings, so it's a bit clausterphobic, if that kind of thing bothers you. I could hear every conversation and person going by in the hallway, but could not hear from other rooms, so thin doors, thick walls.The lobby area is a nice area to relax in and is well appointed. The facility is clean throughout. The location is right in the heart of the financial district, so it is very good for business travelers. MUNI and BART are a few blocks away. I would stay here if traveling alone, and maybe as a couple if you dont mind being in cramped quarters. This hotel would be better than any 2* hotel in the city, likely at a similar price. It is hard to describe, but picture Motel 6 making an attempt at an upscale property - clean and well-appointed with cheap material.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CLUBCHICK
<Content>Small, Efficient, GREAT PUB downstairs!! My husband and I travelled to San Francisco for the Nike Women's Marathon Oct 22-24 and stayed at the CQ for 2 nights. We had two rooms, and although I requested adjoining rooms when I made the reservation, when we checked in, we were unable to get them. Instead, we were given rooms that were sort of across the hall from each other. The hotel is located across from the embarcadero center, so we spent a lot of time walking through the shops and just enjoying the sights and sounds.The hotel is clean and nice. The front desk was friendly and check in/out was a breeze.The rooms were definitely small. They weren't as tiny as I'd feared, but the smaller of the two rooms we had was not something I would choose to stay in again. There are either two twin beds in the room or one queen- much smaller than most of us are used to.The door to the bathroom was odd- even fully shut, it had a noticeable gap that you could see through, or worse, smell through... sorry to be graphic, but this is a terrible feature of this hotel. This hotel is definitely geared toward the business crowd, with high speed internet free in the rooms, as well as internet on tv for a fee. I would think if a businessperson had a co-worker/client/etc to their room the bathroom door would be a real inconvenience. did i mention the bathroom doors need to be replaced?!I also was disappointed in the walls. They were very thin, and when the person in the next room didn't shut off his alarm clock for 30 seconds at 4:50am, I got the pleasure of lying awake listening to him get up, take his shower, and get ready for his day. I had my 18mo son in the room with me, and I can only imagine his crying in the night must've interrupted our neighbors' sleep as well. Also, the hotel is literally around the corner from the fire station, so although this is a nice safety feature, be prepared for sirens at all hours-- more sirens than normal, anyway.The bathrooms/bedrooms were very clean, and the showerheads were wonderful. Overall, I'd recommend this hotel if you're travelling on business. Otherwise, I'd suggest something a little more comfortable for a vacation.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ajslc
<Content>Great value, very clean I've stayed at several SF hotels in the past and this is a great hotel for the price. We upgraded our room to a room with a mini fridge. Our room was about the same size as many rooms I've stayed in other SF boutique hotels. So it was small as I expected but comfortable. We had breakfast and dinner once at the Elephant Castle next door. It's a little expensive but it's a good. There are several great sandwich shops around but most are closed on the weekends. We walked 10 min to North Beach for some good italian dinners a few nights. Viva is our favorite for Italian. The Specialty Bakery  Cafe on Sansome St had the best sandwiches and cookies.The area around the hotel is very safe and very quiet on the weekends. The Bart station is just a few blocks away or walking to Union Square, North Beach, Chinatown, etc is about 10-20 min walk.The Club Quarters is a great hotel that fits my budget and we'll be back again soon.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lindsay1
<Content>Handy hotel in beautiful City Spent ages on the internet trying to find a suitable place to stay in S.F. Every time we saw something that seemed O.K. the reviews were terrible. Husband had stayed in the Club Quarters in London and a workmate suggested here.Stayed here for 4 nights in Sept. Check-in was slick. We travelled with our daughter and had two rooms they were on the 4th floor in a little corner and we heard a little noise from the street but that's all. The rooms (both slightly different) were O.K. for size. They were clean and well serviced.  Bed was very comfortable. Only downside was that the bed was not properly made. The mattress cover had elastic at corners to fit on to the mattress and this was not secured properly! A quick bed make was all that was necessary. Incidently we stayed in 4 different hotels whilst in the US and the bed was not made properly in any of them. Maybe that's the American way!!We had breakfast in the Elephant and Castle on two mornings and could not fault it.The internet access was great as it meant we could keep in touch with our son easily without having to send expensive text messages.The Club Quarters is in a good location for the Bart system to and from the airport. Also it is an easy flat walk up to pier 39 along Embarcadero. It is not too far to Union Square and Chinatown. All in all we would recommend this as a base whilst in San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, nice hotel This hotel was nice, and really met our needs. We traveled to SF for a long weekend to visit my parents. We booked an efficiency queen room, which was nice, because it provided a kitchenette and little extra space. We had no view, which wasn't really a problem since we spent little time in the room.  THe hotel is located in the heart of the Embarcadero in the shadow of the Transamerica Pyramid. It's a great location just a five minute walk to BART and the MUNI subway. It's also walking distance to Chinatown and Jackson Square. We hiked all the way to North Beach, Coit Tower, and Pier 39.  The hotel reminds me of a European hotel more than a standard American hotel. The room was clean, servicable, and nicely decorated. It was also small, and certainly not luxurious. Expect what you would find in a mid-priced, modern Paris chain hotel. The room service was really delivery from the restaurant downstairs, and was very reasonably priced and quick (imagine that in a regular hotel) The drawbacks are that the walls are VERY thin. We heard the neighbors, everyone that walked down the hall, and sadly, they were subjected to our baby crying quite a bit. This is not the place to stay if you want quiet. However, if you want a clean, safe, nice place to sleep between excusions into the city, this is a great place to stay. You really can't beat the location or the price. A note for anyone travelling with a baby: bring your own crib. The portable crib they provided was little short of frightening. It was metal and looked like it would collapse at any moment. The sheets and blankets for the crib were stained. Needless to say, we didn't use it.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay ... again Stayed for the third time this year. Nice, compact room. Very clean and stylish. Comfy bed. Powerful, effective aircon. GREAT free wireless internet access that's easy to access and use. Staff helpful.. open the gym for me at 2am and kept laundry behind front desk so as not to disturb my afternoon sleeping habits. As before I went to the Hyatt for breakfast as it is pretty grim in the hotel's pub/bar. This hotel is great value and real find and would recommend it to anyone on business.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Club Quarters great value-recommended Having stayed at the CQ in Chicago (on Wacker Ave) I was glad to find one conveniently located in the Financial District in SF. The rooms are comfortable, well-appointed; guest services were great; nice observation/sun deck in the shadow of the TransAmerica tower.Like other reviewers, I think the whole parking situation needs to be explained or documented better. That was the only reason they didn't earn an Excellent from me. I read someone else's account of having difficulty, so I phoned ahead and had them explain it. It was quite easy to stop in front, unload luggage and drive just around the corner to the entry, but the in/out policy, need to prepay and have a yellow slip, discuss the need to keep the slip with the attendant each time...it was a hassle and cost us a bit the first time out because it was not explained when I phoned. I don't usually get a car in SF anyway, so it won't keep me from staying here, but be sure you get the full 4-1-1. Also, no attendant was there Monday morning and we had to exit using the entrance ramp or miss a flight; the posted hours were 5am to ?? but no one there at 5:15 and no one answered the call button.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A++++ I highly recommend anyone working in corporate America to find out if their company partners with Club Quarters! Basically employees like myself are entitled to VERY REASONABLE rates on the weekends in all locations across the USA and in London. I stayed at the Club Quarters San Francisco and the service was great, room was comfortable and clean...all for $114 a night!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glover
<Content>Great for the price! We too stayed here at the $75 weekend Priceline rate. We got the standard Priceline room - no view and airfreshener obscured smoke. But we'd stay there again at the price. Room was small, but very chicly decorated in spare and clever way. Bed was comfy. Not too soundproof though. We also liked the cool automated check in and out and convenient location. The service didn't dazzle us, but we didn't really require much so it sufficed.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tucci
<Content>Great Stay! What a surprise! Hotel is clean and very modern in a cool, business-like way. Front desk was very efficient and helpful with restaurant recommendations and driving directions. Room was clean with decent space for 2 people. The bed was very comfy with crisp sheets. Bathroom was clean with nice towels. Great location...close walk to the Embarcadero and shopping. Many parking garages close-by. If you want breakfast eat at the restaurant downstairs (elephant  castle?)- there aren't many options in the area since it is the financial district but the food is good so you won't be disappointed. The hotel is a great value!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....don't tell anybody!!! This hotel has to be the best kept secret in town!!!!! The room was great for one....stayed for four nights. It's in a great, safe neighborhood. It's quiet (no street noise). It's very clean. The staff is friendly and accomodating. What more could you want??? What if it's more geared to the business client? What difference does that make? Seems to be more of a plus than a minus to me. One drawback--no tub in the bathroom. Big deal!! I always use a shower anyway. One of the best hotels I have ever stayed at and I would recommend it unconditionally to anyone!!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Limited Use of Free Stay Coupons I have been staying at this hotel on and off for 9 months, building up plenty of night on the house coupons. I was fine with this as it's a great location, a big enough sized room for one person and relatively cheap compared to other hotels in the financial district. However I when I tried to use my night on the house coupons this month I was informed that they aren't valid for May and June. I will no longer be staying here and will switch to another hotel where I can actually use my points!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>2	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel Loved this hotel. Great location, very clean, staff very kind and helpful.Sure the room was small but laid out very efficent. Very secure felt very comfortable and safe staying here.Great balcony on 11th floor with wonderful views of city and bay.Food in adjoining restaurant was excellant, has a huge bar with a pub atmosphere. When we return this is where we will stay.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Reina_Lovers
<Content>Fantastic for the price My wife and I visited San Francisco April 15-18th. We stayed at Club Quarters 2 nights and the Palomar 1 night. Of course the Palomar was more lavishing but you need to determine how much time you actually spend in a hotel room. We are in our mid 30's and travel approximately 2-3 times a year. We like to site see from dawn to dusk and rarely spend much time in the room except to shower and sleep. Although Club Quarters rooms are small, they are extremely, extremely clean. Our room had a modern look to it with a desk and internet access if needed. The bath room is tiny with a stand-up shower (no tub) but like I said, it too was very clean. The walls or floors are thin because we faintly heard a couple somewhere around us. The front desk was very freindly and offered assistance when needed. The cable cars are only 2-3 blocks away and the F-line to Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39 is only a 5 minute walk. All in all, for the $75 a night we paid through Priceline, I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wardour_Waddler
<Content>I like it ... but Hmmm ... this is an interesting and different hotel. Boutiquey and feels small and intimate - but not stupid prices. Very much focussed on the budget business traveller and not really for the family. Positives:Easy, electronic checkin. Nice furnishings, art and touches. Limited gym, but open 24 hours (if you ask), Good shower and basic room amenities ie. TV/Coffee etc.. Unlimited free wireless broadband in room. Very friendly and staff try very hard to accomodate. Location is great. Good value. Powerful aircon for a cold room at night.NegativesNo minibar (vending machines in basement), No Iron or board in room (you have to go to your floor's guest storeroom - where they had run out of irons when I stayed - so grab early!). Rooms are quite small, but actually fine. Walls do seem a little thin - I could hear next door's television. I liked it over all and will definately use the club again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Daisy11
<Content>Nice, no-frills hotel CQ San Francisco is a nice, no-frills hotel. Good location in the financial district - walking distance to attractions and easy access to public transportation. I was familiar with this chain through work (CQ is a business-travel hotel) so I knew to expect small rooms. However, if you're more interested in seeing the city than a posh hotel room this is a great choice. The room was very clean and included a small coffee maker (with all necessary supplies), glasses and coffee mugs. They also have a fitness center and computers with free internet access available for guests' use. All service people I encountered were helpful and courteous. Couldn't beat the price and location.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay some where else! The rooms are very, very small! (My bathroom is bigger) Not a good location for families. There were no in room amenities (glasses, ice bucket, towels, etc.) The parking is not at the hotel and is $30.00 per 24 hour period. The staff is very snotty and not helpful. I would not stay there again and I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad Rooms are small but clean, the staff were not very helpful or knowledgable. No parking for this hotel and they send you to the parking Garage across the street which charges 35.00 a day to park!!! (I almost had a heart attack when I heard that) Located in the financial district, 5 minute walk from China town and about 25 to Fishermans Wharf. Because of the location nothing is open on the weekends, I was shocked to find that even the Starbucks nearby was closed!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joshua-bwi
<Content>Location... Location... Location.... Parking... NOT!!!!!!! Well here's the deal. $65.00 per night on Priceline for Jan 14 - 17. Can't beat the price. Paid $115.00 extra (total, not per night) to upgrade to a suite. As I have stayed in the Club Quarters Hotels before, it is VERY NECESSARY to upgrade so that you can turn around in your room without hitting anything. The suite is nice with a full bathroom double/queen bed and refrigerator. The room is well appointed. Wireless or wired broadband is available FREE. PARKING IS IMPOSSIBLE!!! Hotel has a deal with the Embarcadero Center across the street for Garage parking (in and out allowed) but the garage is NOT 24 Hours!!! There are NO 24 HOUR GARAGES around. Meters must be paid every day except Sunday and they start at 7AM. Street parking is available but as I said, the meters start at 7AM and many parking zones with meters are for trucks only during daylight hours. If you are driving or renting a car pay extra and stay somewhere else (Or park across the street at the Park Hyatt at night for about $40.00 for valet (plus tip) - no in and out allowed) and on the street any other time. If you are not driving the hotel is fine. Service is ok. Hotel staff is not very knowledgable about such things as where you can park, etc. Hotel is only a few blocks to the middle of China Town.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel We stayed for 6 nights in this hotel in Dec 2004. First, let me give a location info for others. This hotel is located in financial district right across a shopping mall called embarcadero. During the weekends and holidays, since all offices are closed, the area is almost empty. It is close to market street. once you get there it is not a problem to get anywhere using MUNI (the name of public transportation). we didn't have any problems with safety during our visit.It seems the hotel is for business people who will stay there for short periods. Yes, the rooms are small as mentioned, but after all how much time will you spend in your room other than sleeping? The room was modern and it was very clean.Staff is friendly. We had a heating problem in our room and someone came promptly and solved the problem.There was a guest closet on the floor which had ironing tables, irons. Also there were tea, coffee bags. There is a coffee machine in each room. Overall we enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Avenger
<Content>Not bad at all! I was pleasantly surprised by club quarters after reading some of these reviews. The hotel was nicely done, the rooms were clean and were not that small at all- but maybe we got lucky. Yes, you probably couldn't open both the front door and the bathroom door at the same time, but why would you need to do that? The room was comfortable, well equipped, nice big bathroom, all in all, GREAT value! My only complaint would be that yes, the walls are pretty thing- you can hear whole conversations, but it was only in the morning, so it didn't really bother us. Great location, nice staff.. would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean  I stayed in a Director category room, equipped with microwave and mini-refrigerator (thankfully not stuffed with expensive liquor and candybars). Other rooms may not have the microwave and refrig. My colleagues and I agreed that the rooms are the cleanest we have ever seen. Ok, the rooms are on the small size, but my room was perfectly fine. A real high-back desk chair, free wireless internet (though frequently very slow). Better to bring (or borrow from the front desk) an ethernet cable to connect to the data port. Warning, internet using the phone line with a dial-up service is not free and can ring up a hefty charge. Ironing boards and other amenities located in the guest closet on each floor. Very tiny excercise room is almost worthless; free weights only, two treadmills, one bike, one eliptical machine. Friendly front desk staff loaned me an umbrella. Located in the heart of the financial district within walking distance of the Ferry Building, Union Square, Chinatown, and Little Italy. BART station 4 short blocks away. California St cable-car line 2 short blocks away. I spent a week in San Franciso on business and enjoyed my stay at the Club Quarters. It is a place to spend the night, not a resort destination. No pool or lush grounds, but a very nice lounge area with two free computers to access the internet if you don't bring your own computer. If you usually stay at the Ritz you won't be happy. If you stay at Holiday Inns, you will love the Club Quarters. I usually stay at Hyatt or Marriott and I was happy here (although if the company would pay for the Park Hyatt across the street I would stay there). Great value!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>windypark
<Content>Nice Room, fine value I thought the room was very nice, though small. I had to ask for some of the toiletries: lotion, for example, was not in my room to begin with. But overall I liked the hotel. The common room w/ big screen TV and free Internet computers downstairs was a nice amenity. The location was perfect for what I needed (near the Embarcadero Center).  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Frills! The adage You Get What You Pay For lives on at C.Q. I was excited to stay there after receiving a $75.00 per night rate through HOTWIRE, which identified C.Q. as a 4 star hotel. Although it was obviously a great rate for S.F., do not be fooled by HOTWIRE's rating system. This is no 4 star hotel. The rooms (AND HALLWAYS) are reminiscent of life on a submarine! The rooms are so small, you are unable to have the bathroom door and front door open at the same time, since they will ram into each other. The t.v. set-up reminded me of a hospital room, in which the t.v. is suspended above one's bed by a metal arm. The room service was pathetic. It's offered by an adjacent bar and restaurant and took 45 min. for cold pancakes and bacon Sun. morning. In sum, this is actually a good deal at any rate under $150 night, considering it's located in an excellent spot 2 blocks from the Transamerica Building. However, other than being clean and well kept, there is nothing more to write home about. Definitely not for the claustrophobic!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hiking_the_NPs
<Content>Just what we were looking for! We stayed in CQ Sept. 10 - 12. We had been hiking all week in Yosemite, so it was great to be in such a clean place! The rooms are a bit small, but ours easily accomodated the queen sized bed and our hiking gear. For the price - you can't beat this place! We enjoyed how close it was to everything, and public transportation to those that weren't so close. The afternoon cookies in the lounge were awesome!!!Only complaint - the walls are a bit thin... we had to complain about our noisy neighbors - but one call was all it took to get someone to come and calm them down. We immediately fell back asleep - no harm done.If we go back to SF, we'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More Bang for Your Buck at CQ My friend and I stayed here on Sept. 11. I personally like the Club Quarters. It's a nice, clean, up-to-date hotel. Being a budget traveler, it is rare that I get to stay somewhere this nice so inexpensively. It was easy to get to Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf from here, and when it was time to go, the BART station was only 2-3 blocks away. I would definitely recommend staying at CQ to anyone traveling to SF, or to any city w/a CQ. The Financial District is quiet on the weekends, but it's easy to travel to other places in the city using Muni.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KeepItLight
<Content>Pleasantly surprised After reading some of the negative reviews, I bit my nails when Club Quarters popped up my screen after a Hotwire purchase. On our recent visit (9/10 and 11) we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived to find modern accommodations, free wireless internet access, helpful staff, and ample street parking if we did not feel like being robbed by the parking garages. The location was great; in the heart of the financial district, close to Chinatown and the Ferry Building (excellent outdoor farmer's market on Saturdays). The only downside is that the walls are a bit thin, so if you have a noisy neighbor I can see how sleep may be a problem. Perfect for a business trip or short stay. I'll definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Short Stay Just Fine My wife and I stayed from Aug 27-30th in a room with a Queen bed. CQ was just right for us. We toured SF heavily and only used the room at night for sleeping. The property is in the financial district, so it was very quiet on the weekend. The bed was comfortable and everything looked new, modern, and clean. We only take showers, so not having a tub was no big deal. The free internet was great. I was able to do some SF research and print directions to attractions. I would only recommend CQ for short stays. Also, don't bring large pieces of luggage. These cozy rooms don't have much storage and you'll be stumbling over your gear.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoeDavOC
<Content>Perfect   showReview(2447789, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ats262m
<Content>Worked fine for us!   showReview(2354884, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Elziti
<Content>Smaller    showReview(2293948, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should be Called the Tight Quarters, It Like a Cruise Ship in Hotel Form!   showReview(2207668, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 3-star property   showReview(2131706, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Functional    showReview(1726269, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>gradgirl
<Content>Pretty Good!   showReview(1720578, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay/teriffic location   showReview(1370848, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Freqtourist
<Content>For business travelers only   showReview(1231293, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Efficient hotel   showReview(1030288, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Preis Leistungsverhltnis   showReview(20550950, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas emball   showReview(20550951, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19643355, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>trs bon rapport qualit prix   showReview(17440627, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne volontiers   showReview(17440626, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retournerai   showReview(16591229, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(16591228, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis Leistungs Tip   showReview(13197600, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11659272, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfekte Ausgangslage   showReview(11659274, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11659271, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans hsiter   showReview(11659273, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Hotel in Super-Lage   showReview(11443521, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ordentlich   showReview(11443522, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sans probleme   showReview(11443523, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hervorragende Lage, ausreichende Ausstattung   showReview(11443511, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous savons o sjourner lors de notre prochaine visite  San Francisco   showReview(11420268, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(11351477, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11351476, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs bon htel   showReview(11333533, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

