<Author>AmKayD
<Content>Great Location, Friendly staff, Excellent Breakfast..... Stayed in this hotel from 24 dec 2008 for 3 nights. reservation was done through travelocity for US$156.34 per night including free breakfast for 2. during checkin, requested to have the room in the south tower but was told that additional S$50 for the upgrade. rejected it and was put on the 19th floor in the north tower. this is my first time staying in fairmont. the room had a king size bed, a balcony, bathtub, minibar full of beverages, a nice selection of tv channels. the room looks a bit old due to the wooden furnished. you can double confirm this when you checkout the wooden bathroom door. but besides this, the accessories in the room are top notch. you do not need to bring toiletries at all. they have shampoo, conditioner, moisturizer, dental kit, sewing kit, mouth wash, hair dryer, iron + ironing board, umbrella, bathroom slippers and the list goes... The TV is a flat screen CRT which is ok and nothing fancy. feather liked pillows is nice and soft. there are also some magazines to read. the room had a magnificent view facing towards the Singapore Plaza direction. the room gets cleaned up twice a day. In the morning and late afternoon which is a plus. the morning breakfast can be taken either at the 8th floor near to the swimming pool or at 2nd floor in the plaza market restaurant. the food serve at the swimming is more limited. i feel like it targets more for the western tourist since it lacks of the eastern cuisine but it is enough of you are a light eater. pasteries, cereals, buns, juices, fruits etc. plaza market restaurant however has a more variety of food. they have the fruit juice station where you can request to have your own fruit mixed! u also get to taste some of the eastern cuisine like curry chicken, roti prata, sambal, congee(porridge), soup. From my observation, most of the staff working here are from the mainland china although English is well understood and conversed. Overall, the service was excellent and the hotel was clean.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MouMou
<Content>World of Difference: North Tower vs South Tower Rooms The last I wrote a review on Fairmont Hotel, was on Dec 6 2007, and rated it excellent. This year, on Dec 7 2008, I booked into the hotel again. This time, I stayed at the North Tower room, 1419 on Dec 7 2008. The room faces the pool. I finally figured out the vast difference in the reviews for Fairmont Singapore. There is a GREAT difference North Tower (Fairmont Rooms) vs South Tower (Deluxe Rooms).North Tower rooms are definitely shabby and trapped in time. I agree with some of the reviews in this website. Definitely not worth paying for. My brother  his family checked into the South Tower Room. It's a great positive contrast. Refer to my review on Dec 6 2007.The hotel shares the reception and the check-in time is EXTREMELY slow. Service staff is trying their best but overall service is slow. Guests could not be checked-in on time. I waited 2 hours from check-in time (2pm) and finally checked in at about 4pm. My brother could not check-in till 6pm. Service personnel tried to make it up by upgrading him to the club floor. What really puzzles me is that the long lead-time for check-in is consistent year-in year-out.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RichD1975
<Content>Excellent hotel Got a deluxe room at 拢125/night through lastminute.com and was upgraded to a Fairmont room - very long and thin but spotless and well-appointed. Open screen at the end of the shower meant that the floor got wet and slippery but that is my only gripe. Friendly staff, great location (above a v good mall for the shopaholics), not much to complain about.Excellent pool - they'd come round with cold towels and fruit kebabs occasionally which was a nice touch.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cityriver
<Content>Brilliant hotel!!! Highly, HIGHLY recommended. I stayed for 3 nights and simply cannot say a single negative word about this hotel. Beautifully presented; impressive entrance, extremely professional and attentive staff and my room was perfect. Couldn't fault the location as I walked almost everywhere. Can't wait to stay there again when I go back!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>allanhFife
<Content>fairmont was great we booked the fairmont for quality and location and we were not dissapointed.everything from the time we arrived till the day we left was superb.i was a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews about the hotel but i can honestly say that this was one of the best hotel stays i have ever experienced.could not fault anything even though i tried  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alanyeo76
<Content>Not very personal service       coffee making facilities  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>brlau88
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Service We were extremely satisfied with our stay at the Fairmont. Here are just a few reasons:- Below rack rate room when booked through Hotels.com- Free room upgrade from the front desk due to a longer than normal wait to process our check-in.- Free breakfast voucher - Luxurious room and bath- Complimentary water- Great location, right next to Raffle City Shopping Plaza and City Hall MRT station- Friendly staff who are customer-focused- Nice pool and gym facilityYou get the picture. Rooms are normally going for 2x what we paid for so look for a deal. If you find one, book it and enjoy your stay. You'll be glad you stayed at the Fairmont.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ritafant
<Content>fantastic and breathtaking views!       day views from our bedroom  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hzxaa
<Content>Best in town We had a wonderful time staying at the Fairmont Hotel! Although we booked a deluxe room, upon arriving we were given a free upgrade to executive. The room was perfect, with nice view to the city. The service is excellent in Fairmont, the staff is really nice and helpful. The ladies spa is fabulous, a must try!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>albertst
<Content>wonderful city, wonderful hotel We chose the Fairmont for a 10 day holiday stay because of its location and a good price for a 5 star hotel. (and after reading reviews on Trip Advisor) It didn't disapoint in any way. We previously stayed at the Sheraton Towers 4 years ago and enjoyed that, but wanted a more central location for 10 days. It was a wonderful experience, we felt so relaxed after our stay in SIngapore and that was certainly due to the Fairmont. We will definetly return next year for another holiday in this wonderful city. Many friends had said 10 days was a long time in SIngapore, but we still haven't been to the zoo, Changi or Sentosa, so there is plenty to do there!Our room was on the 21st floor (quick lifts) in the South Tower. Very comfortable and quite spacious with a view on the pool side looking out towards the Padang. The Raffles City Shopping Mall attached is lovely, with a sensational Japanese restaurant bazzar downstairs.The turndown service was great, lovely to come back each night to tidy room, soft lights and music and fresh towels. The bathroom was good, large with a goood sized bath, and a good shower that did splash a bit onto the rest of the floor. The airconditioner was silent and easily adjustable from the bedside console, as were the curtains and lights. Our room came with breakfast included and we alternated between the more traditional restaurant and the poolside buffet, service was personable and very responsive. We felt very well cared for. The buffets were wonderful, fresh tropical fruit juices individually prepared, cooked western breakfast on demand and Chinese and Malay fare with a wonderful array of pastries, the fresh fruits were outstanding. Breakfast on til 11 am as well helped jetlagged guests from Australia!The Fairmont staff were always welcoming and responsive. We had an extended checkout until 4 on the day we were leaving, and the offer of using the courtesy lounge by one of the staff whilst we were sitting in the foyer with our suitcases waiting for a taxi.Cleaning staff were always evident, and housekeeping responsive to our requests for cleaning whilst we were at breakfast. Sheets crisp and changed daily, (only on the last day of 10 days was a card left to say if we didn't need sheets changed to leave card on the bed, sure more water could've been saved!)My husband swam every afternoon in the circular pool on the 8th floor, never too crowded and for some reason a pleasant breeze blowing!Position is wondeful, CityHall MRT is at Raffles City Shopping Mall which is attached to the Fairmont. We walked every day, walking distance to the National Museum, History Museum, Peranakan Museum all highly reccommended. Easy MRT to Chinatown, Little India, Arab Quarter, Orchard Rd, Newton Food Markets, and on and on. Across the street is Raffles with a nice bakery, and good range of restaurants and bars. As you can see we loved the city and the hotel experience was a great one, perhaps the South Tower made the difference for us to the previous post, but thanks to TRipAdvisor we had read previously that the South Tower was the way to go. We will return.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>RampantScot
<Content>Like stepping back to a shabby 1980s Just checked into Fairmont, Singapore (used to be Raffles Plaza...I think!) and not impressed. Been to Singapore many, many times and this was first visit to this hotel.Booked corporate rate of SGD305 plus local taxes per night through company (preferred hotel) but not worth it. Check in was fine, efficient and friendly. Great location but really shabby decor and very, very dated.Shocked to see graffiti on one of the doors in the hall way on the way to the room. Not typical for Singapore.Room on 7th floor is large, corner room but looks like a scene from a 1980's Dynasty show, all I need is my shoulder pads to really fit in. Dated furniture, dirty marked walls, wall paper is that material like stuff....like wool stuck to wall paper. Lots of gold coloured metal lamps, dated and battered furniture. Air conditioning has no adjustable temperature setting that I can find, still quite hot and humid, not good in Singapore.No wifi and cable link costs SGD28 plus tax per 24 hours.......even though I just needed an hour for work e-mails. It鈥檚 SGD28 for 24 hours minimum!Booked for 5 days but checking out tomorrow and moving to one of my regular hotels down the street for same price or less.If you get this room for SGD200ish, it's OK. If you are used to decent Singapore hotels, stick to Conrad, Pan Pacific or Mandarin Oriental. I could get the same rate or cheaper and they are more comfortable, modern and better maintained.This booking taught me to stick with my tried and tested favourites......and to check Trip Advisory before I book!Photos to follow!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	3	4	1	

<Author>onBusiness015
<Content>Great Place for business and tourism The hotel is First Class. Nice room, great view, good location. It is attached to a shopping mall! We were on business and enjoyed the good location, you are centrally located. There is a nice ppol which is shared with the Swissotel, nice poolbar. We had a great stay.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sayuna
<Content>Great hotel, fantastic location Stayed at Fairmont during the F1 weekend and a few days after. The city hall location above MRT is superb, not to mention the many choices of restaurants and cafes underneath the hotel -- super convenient! Loved it more than staying around the Orchard area. Hotel room is lovely, a nice touch with wooden floor. Ordered room service a few times - reasonable prices and good quality. Only problem with the room is the bathroom design. Aesthetically it looks very nice but unfortunately they didn't extend the shower area with glass door or something to prevent the water from leaking which creates a mess and slippery floor every time. Overall, highly recommend the hotel and would definitely return!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>WinstonsCrew
<Content>Good location Selected the Fairmont based on internet searches after comparing room facilities, pricing and general location. We have previously stayed at other Fairmont hotels in USA and Canada with no concerns.Stayed for 2 nights on the way to Europe and a further 1 night on a return leg home via Malaysia. Pre booked a King Signature Classic room (Executive Club levels with lounge offering complimentary daily breakfast / evening cocktail hour /hors d'oeuvres) via internet a couple of months earlier. Stayed in North Tower with obscured city views on both occasions but hotel was not able to accommodate request to change to South Tower for the more spectacular harbour views.Room was clean and comfortable but typically Singaporean in terms of average room space and the expensive prices that go with it. Room came with small standing balcony.The adjoining and much higher Soffitel shares a common small and crowded pool area.Fairmont is in a good location with shopping mall/mini market/restaurants etc situated at rear and below main hotel lobby.Staff were couteous with service average to good.May consider choosing another hotel on our next visit through Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>sxymo
<Content>Loved the Fairmont! My fiance' and I stayed at the Fairmont for the the F1 race, Sept. 27-Oct. 2, '08. We had a fantastic experience, at the race and the hotel. We were on the 12th fl. of the North Tower and had a great view of the skyline and down below-the pool. Although we didn't get in the pool, people were always in the pool and seemed to be having a great time. Our room was big and spacious, the bed was terrific and the feather pillows-heavenly! We didn't use the room service or mini bar options, but the housekeeping services were great...we loved coming back at the end of the day to a sparkling bathroom and a made up bed with the corner turned down and an orchard on it. Bottled water and ice was always replaced as well as well as unused bathroom amenities. The lobby was gorgeous and the staff was friendly and very accommodating! The Fairmont is in the best location for sightseeing...the bus and MRT lines are right in the vicinity, so I didn't have far to walk carrying all of my shopping bags. A mall and supermarket (although pricey) is also in the hotel, below the lobby.We had the best time and we will return soon.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>summer08Brisbane
<Content>singapore sling My husband and I had the time of our lives. We couldn't fault the hotel, the room, the room service, cleanliness. Everyone was so friendly and welcoming and the concierge was definately our best friend. I would highly recommend this hotel. We are looking forward to our next stay.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WharfTrader
<Content>Good but not great stayed here for the F1 GP - great location for that and for the rest of the city as it seems to be half way to everywhere (most of the sites, business distrcit, shopping, Clarke/Boat Quay) - lobby is nice - check in was quick - staff friendly - room was ok - good size bathroom - they were a bit stingy with the towels though - balconey a nice touch (i think all rooms have one) - pool area very pleasant - though little airflow so boiling hot even for Sing - Ink Bar a little disappointing, a bit clubby for the clientle - breakfast was good on the Exec Floor - had some in room dining which good but portions a little miserable - overall the staff were excellent - though a little pricey, reasonable value for money all told  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Turkeyjay
<Content>Exemplary The hotel is approximately a 20-minute drive from Changi airport. The airport shuttle bus costs SD$9 per adult, taxi cost ~SD$14. It is conveniently located next to City Hall MRT station and the Raffles City shopping centre. It is within walking distance (through the airconditioned malls) to the Singapore Flyer. Check-in time is 2pm, but we were given a room straight away even though we arrived at 9am. Check-out time is 12 noon, but we were also allowed a late check-out of 3pm at no additional cost.We stayed in a Raffles Inc Club Room, which we found was excellent value for money. The room was large and included a balcony and impressive electronic day and night curtains. It was immaculately clean, comfortably and stylishly appointed. There was a very impressive Lavazza coffee machine in the room to make your own in-room espresso 鈥?perfect after a long flight. Our bags were sent to our room very quickly and there was a complimentary fruit platter and bottled water on arrival. Staying in a Club room allows you plus an invited guest entry to the Raffles Inc Lounge. This lounge offers breakfast from 6-10am (you can have breakfast at 2 other restaurant choices in the hotel if you want, but it is quieter in the lounge), from 10-5 tea/coffee/water/softdrinks and biscuits are available. From 5-8pm is happy hour 鈥?complimentary alcoholic beverages are available (beer, wine, champagne (Moet), top-shelf spirits (Johnnie Walker black, Skyy vodka, Bombay sapphire gin, Baileys etc) and hot and cold dishes changing daily. There is also a live cooking station with 2 hot dishes prepared to order, and a delicious selection of desserts. There is a free broadband internet terminal in the lounge, plus some magazines and other reading material. There is also a private gym on this level (23rd) for guests staying on the club floors.There are 2 swimming pools with sunlounges on the 8th floor. There is also the 鈥淎lligator Pear鈥?alfresco restaurant that overlooks the pool area 鈥?nice for breakfast.All of the staff that we encountered were very friendly and helpful. This is my second stay at this hotel and I will definitely stay here again next time I visit Singapore.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnsonFive
<Content>Great People, Great Location I took my wife here for her birthday surprise. When we stayed it was in fact Raffles Plaza, but l doubt the feeling would change.We booked a club room, and it was everything we expected. We took breakfast in the restaurants, and came to get to know the chef. Why us l do not knowm but breaky was indeed a delight, picked a served by the head chef.Location is excellent, and all staff, be it reception,club lounge or conceirge were excellent.It is a pleasure not to be ripped off by taxis again.Absolute recommendation.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WarwickshireGenie
<Content>Luxury We had a fantastic stay. This hotel was everything we hoped it would be. The staff were so helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Our room on 7th floor overlooked Raffles and had 2 balconies. It was a very high tech room with electronic day and night curtains, CD with speakers in the bathroom, internet access and a range of international power sockets. Attention to detail was fantastic, for example someone came and replaced some fresh grasses in the bathroom.We didn't have breakfast but did eat in the hotel's Italian restaurant, which was good.The kids loved the outdoor pools.We were granted a late check out of 4pm and after this we were able to use a hospitality suite.The location of the hotel is great within easy walking distance of many attractions. It also is incorporated into a large shopping Mall and underground train station.Should we return to Singapore we will stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>39er
<Content>Never Again I have stayed at this hotel four times before and after it became the Fairmont. I wont be staying there again. The hotel is functional good location but tired and the staff are not to be trusted. Our holiday was ruined when we discovered that my wife's camera with irreplacable family memories had been stolen from our room. I reported it but no action was taken. The manager phoned to say that we could take it up with the police. That was as we were checking out and heading for the airport. Petty thieving by staff reduces the standard of even the best hotels to that of a cheap boarding house.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	1	1	

<Author>palurosi
<Content>great location stayed on stopover to Australia with 2 and 5 yr olds. Great location as you can get around easily to shops/cafes etc with going outside as it was so humid when we were there! Hotel was great except the pool was under renovation.... the one reason we booked this hotel!! was very disappointed although they offered a shuttle bus to use of a pool (2 much hassle with stroller etc so didnt) Room had 2 double beds and fabulous bathroom etc. Breakfast was included - amazing... every food you could want was there! staff very friendly and helpful throughout our stay.short walk to merlion and singapore flyer and mrt was right beside us. perfect location and a lovely hotel.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travel_freak_mas
<Content>Not a bad choice I stayed in this hotel, deluxe room, for three nights and found this hotel is really wonderfull. The room condition is excellent, the location is perfect, the staff are kind enough. The gym, steam bath and sauna are awesome. I would really recommend this hotel.However, if I have to spell out some weakness, I will recommend this hotel to provide some free fruits for guest inside the room (most of the hotel in Singapore doing that). Another part is the bathroom design in the room. The shower area do not have a curtain, everytime I took my bath, the water will spill to the main area of the restroom. Kind of difficult to describe over here, but if you have chance to stay here before, you will understand what I am trying to point out.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>IlliniRon
<Content>Excellent Hotel for Business in Singapore       Comfortable Bed  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brit-abroad-in-Asia
<Content>Functional! In my opinion, the Fairmont hotel is a functional business hotel. The rooms are not large, but are clean and the bathrooms are nice. The location is convenient for most of Singapore and being directly over Raffles City, its easy to pull in some shopping time outside work hours. The amenities are disappointing - the gym equipment seems to be quite old and its difficult to book a tennis lesson. But, on the positive side, the business centre is efficient and the internet connection in the rooms works well, if a little expensive. All in all a good place to rest your head during a business trip, but I'd be disappointed if I was on holiday in this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>JazzieB
<Content>New name but same quality experience... Recently stayed at the Fairmont Singapore for 3 nights. Have stayed at this hotel every year now since 2002 and athough the name has changed our experience has not. When I found out that the hotel had become a Fairmont (from previously being Raffles the Plaza and before that the Westin Plaza) I was slightly apprehensive about any potential changes, especially after reading some reviews, but can honestly say that we were as impressed as ever. If anything I think the customer service has gone up a notch - certainly in the lobby area the staff seemed more attentive. I always book through a local Singapore agent and have never experienced a problem with a booking and manage to obtain an all inclusive rate. I would strongly recommend booking a room in the South Tower as these are more modern and are well worth the extra few dollars. One of the many things I love about the Fairmont is that you can step outside your room onto the balcony and take in the atmosphere and city buzz from above and the views are just amazing. For someone who used to live in Singapore I think that the location is just perfect - shopping centre and MRT attached (just 3 stops to Orchard Rd), within walking distance to Suntec City, the Esplanade, Sim Lim, Bugis, Boat Quay, as well as all of the 'just over the road' places such as Raffles Hotel and Chijmes. I did pay more this year for the hotel but it seems that all hotel rates in Singapore have gone up and this one by no greater proportion than any other. Have also stayed at the Oriental Hotel, The Fullerton, Mandarin, Pan Pacific and others but keep coming back to the Fairmont. Can't wait for next years visit!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MagdalenaH
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Fairmont Singapore for work. The hotel was excellent from the time I checked in, to two weeks later when I checked out. The lobby is beautiful and relaxing. Reception was very friendly and quick. The room had plenty of space and was nicely appointed. Turn-down service every night and they set the music to classical so you feel really relaxed when you come back each night. The bed and pillows were very comfortable, and had great sheets. All lights / curtains are remote controlled. Excellent spa bathroom with great Miller Harris products, walk-in rainfall shower, over sized tub, and glass vanity/sink. Each room has a balcony. The hotel is directly attached to Raffles City shopping center and you can access the subway without leaving the building. Grocery store is located in the shopping center downstairs; very convenient for snacks. Nice gym. Great location: close to downtown, across from the Raffles Hotel (have a Singapore Sling at the Long Bar), and across from Chjmes. A couple of subway stops from Orchard Road. I was happy to return home after two weeks, but sad that I had to leave my beautiful hotel room!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlainAntwerp
<Content>Nice singapore stopover We stayed for 3 nights at the Fairmont Singapore on our way to Bali. We initially booked the hotel when it was still called the Raffles Plaza. Overall our stay was nice and we enjoyed the facilities of the hotel. We booked a slightly more expensive room in the South wing which was really nice: excellent and large bathroom, nicely sized room, nice view from the room and all amenities were fine. Hotel pool, though sometimes crowded as pool is shared with the large Swissh么tel nextdoors, was a nice place to relax, though it was sometimes hard to get a bed in the sun (pool deck is in full shade as of ~4pm). Fitness facilities are nice as well.We ate outside of the hotel so have no clue on restaurant service.Check-in was extremely smooth as we could check in as early as 9am. Overall, a nice stay, not stunning but for the price paid very happy!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonSW35
<Content>Did Expect More Very old hotel, that clearly needs a fresh-up. Interior design and furniture were old and in 80s colours. Good facilities and very good location, but everything from breakfast room, pool  room, left us feeling dissapointed, we expected more from a chain like Fairmont.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>nz08
<Content>Great location, reasonable hotel Overall we were happy with our stay, though it wasn't without a few niggles.We stayed en route to Sydney and New Zealand, for two nights. I booked when it was still Raffles the Plaza. Overall it worked out well for us at the rate we paid.Good:- upgraded due to hotel being busy and having booked early. So in North Tower, but on executive floor. We weren't allowed to use the executive lounge, but with our 11 year old so with us, this was fine.- room large, comfortable  clean. Great views from the high floor - over the Esplanade, part of the Padang and the city. - Location was great for us - across from Raffles (we had booked afternoon tea) and up from Suntec Mall where we did the Hippo tour from. Also walkable to National musuem.- Bell boy was very sweet to our son.Could have been better:- the room rate on check-in was more than on my reservation. After quite a while conferring with management, the original rate was confirmed.- there was no bed for our 11 year old, despite several emails after the initial booking to correct where this had got lost. On phoning reception they said that would be SIN $30 / night additional cost. When I'd returned to reception to show them my emails, again the original rate was finally agreed.- we went out to get food, but the bed wasn't there when we returned. In all, it probably took 3-4 hours for the bed to show up. After an overnight flight from London we finally got the bed at about 2300, having put our son to sleep in our bed.Singapore in general we really enjoyed. We would recommend:- Afternoon tea in the Tiffin room at Raffles. There were a couple of tour groups, but they sensitively sat smaller parties in a slightly separate area, which was nice. You are also encouraged to leave by the main lobby, which was a nice touch. Do book ahead though - we booked ages in advance (it was a Saturday). There definitely was no getting in on the day.- Night Safari- National Museum, including History of Singapore wing.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>blschwar
<Content>Great Location and Great Hotel! When I made my hotel reservations, this hotel was originally called Raffles Plaza Hotel. I had wanted to stay at a Raffles chain but could afford the original Raffles so decided to book at the Plaza. As the trip neared, the hotel changed it's name to the Fairmont. Apparently Fairmont owns Raffles and decided to change the name of the hotel to avoid confusion.This hotel was fantastic. We were upgrade to a HUGE room that was perfect for our two day visit to Singapore. We really liked the location and service was impeccable. And the price was great too.You have to check out the pool area, surprisingly large for a hotel in the middle of the city. Breakfast by the pool was great too!  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AndrewEC1
<Content>Superb service       Immerse yourself in a luxurious bath  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>businesstraveler450
<Content>Still a great hotel Stayed at this property several times when it was the Raffles Plaza, and was a little concerned to read on TripAdvisor that since converting to a Fairmont, the level of attention and service had deteriorated. Not at all true, in my opinion. Still the same high quality of service and amenities. Towels refreshed twice a day, bathroom amenities replenished, etc. Stayed on the Executive Floor and the Executive Lounge has maintained its excellent qualities. Of course, the location is excellent, and the Raffles City mall has been upgraded to the point of being unrecognizable. Definitely where I'll continue to stay when I travel to Singapore on business, which is frequently.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RetiredWazza
<Content>Get a view when you're sick       The view from the sick bed  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>RubyNYC
<Content>a beautiful I.M. Pei designed hotel The I.M Pei designed hotel is reminiscent of the Four Seasons hotel in New York. We were graciously checked in by Karen, who informed us that our travel agent had booked a two-bedded room. When I explained that we were there to celebrate our 25th anniversary, and that a king sized bed would be more appropriate, she immediately congratulated us, changed the room, and asked if we would prefer champagne or red wine.We had little use for the concierge, as a wonderful doorman (whose name I've unfortunately forgotten) showed such concern in answering our questions, making recommendations and providing directions, that we required nothing additional. He never let us leave the hotel without our being sure of how to get where we were going, and being wished a good day.Our room was lovely, and the bathroom impressive, The tub was big enough for two (and a perfect place to share the champagne), and a wonderful overhead shower occupied the balance of the bathing room that was seperated from the sink and toilet areas by a glass wall. The modern furnishings and great view of the city enhanced our experience.The international buffet breakfast that was included in our package was opulent and tasty, served alongside the lovel duel pools.I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>j889814672
<Content>Raffles Inc. rooms very nice I stayed 5 nights in April 2008 at the Fairmont for a conference in the Raffles City Convention center. The overall experience was nice.Check InCheck in was fairly slow, but this was my first time to the hotel so they had no guest history, and they did upgrade me to a Raffles Inc. room.RoomThe room I had was spacious, well lit, and well laid out. It was nice to be on the Raffles Inc floor as the room had recently been renovated and one had access to the breakfast and evening snacks. Two small complaints with the room, however, one is paying high prices for internet connection, and the 2nd very important issue is that the air conditioning didn't work. I complained 3 days in succession about this, and I know that efforts were made to fix it, but this is an older property and while the rennovation was nice, it clearly didn't touch the a/c system. In fact most of the common areas of the hotel, the gym, and the restaurants were quite hot. Because I was only in the room to sleep, I never made a huge issue of it. TV channels in the room were very limited.GymThe gym was well equipped and had some of the latest Life Fitness equipment including ellipticals, treadmills, and cycles. It did have some older equipment as well. There was also a complete selection of weight machines and free weights.DiningDining in the hotel is nice, but quite expensive. Other options are readily availble in the basement of the attached mall, and across the street at Chijmes.LocationExcellent. Walking distance to a number of restaurants, and the attached mall is quite nice.I will stay here again, but I'll probably make certain that I get a room that will cool below 25C next time, and I probably won't risk anything other than the Raffles Inc. floor.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>MariaPaula
<Content>Not a 5-star, but a good 4-star I stayed at the Fairmount in December 07 during 7 nights. Halfway through the week, it went from being called the Raffles Plaza to become the Fairmount.I stayed on the Raffles Inc. floor (25th or 26th floor) in the North Tower. It was a huge corner room with big 2 big balconies (1 towards CHIJMES and the other towards the Financial District) and great finishings. I did not see the issues other reviewers saw about tired carpeting and bathroom, everything looked renovated (and trust me that I looked).I expect to be blown away by 5-star hotels. This hotel is a 4-star level.The biggest complaint is that the internet service was not free. One had to call reception, get a code, enter it everyday (and some days it did not work, but we were reimbursed), and I don't remember the price but it was not cheap. For a high-tech country like Singapore, that is just ridiculous. Sure we had access to the internet in the business lounge, but who wants to wait around for a computer to free up and have people lurking around?I loved the mattress and the electronic controls in the room. A few disappointments when the hotel changed management: 1/ the bath supplies offered by Raffles were more exotic and luxurious than the ones offered by Fairmount, 2/ No more chocolates on my pillow! 3/The turndown service became less efficient.The breakfast and happy hour at the Raffles Inc lounge were phenomenal. All kinds of choices, and all delicious.The service was spotty. We noticed that some customers were mostly ignored, while others were served promptly. Luckily for us, we were always in the latter group. Some of the reception desk people were professional but cold, others were very helpful (I dislike over-the-top, fake American-style friendliness, but expect a minimum of assistance).Great location for everything, although it's faster to walk half a block to get a taxi rather than wait at the hotel door because the traffic blocks the entrance for the taxis.So overall very good, but not fabulous.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	1	

<Author>guynz
<Content>Great Location, Fantastic Hotel We visited Singapore and were after a hotel with 3 things; Great Location, a good swiming pool and luxury. This hotel delievered all of these things and more.We were surprised at how nice the rooms were, one of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in. Toiletries were lovely.The pools were good for a 'city' hotel and our teenagers were able to spend a few hours per day cooling down. These pools are not flash but they are better than what you need for a hotel in a large city.We found the location to be excellant. Close to shops, the underground and lots of tourist atrractions.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Maxydog
<Content>Hospitality Plus       Great view from the balcony  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MXvoyager1
<Content>mmm... not that good, average the hotel is nice almost brand new service is not that good front desk staff is a little dissapointing, delayed answers Rooms are smalls. we ask for a rooms with intercommunications (since we have childs), they preconfirm, but we get opposite rooms in the same floor, Do not expect too much, is like any JWmarriot (Asia version)8th floor Pool is very nice and restaurant by the pool is awsome and the service is great (this saves the stay)  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	1	2	2	

<Author>skyfriendbrighton
<Content>Sick of the North Tower... This is a huge hotel, linked to the Swissotel next door. The lobby has just been refurbed and is impressive. Unfortunately, it is effectively two hotels in one, the North tower and the South tower. The North tower (I am there now) is depressing and faded, with stained acrylic carpets, chipped sanitary ware and drab decor. The bed is really hard and uncomortable. I made mine bearable by using the bedlinen from the other bed in the room as an extra mattress pad. I mentioned this to the receptionist, and she said housekeeping would come to help. No-one came. The airconditioning cannot be controlled by temperature - only fan speed. It was really stuffy in the room and I woke up on my snooker table like bed bathed in perspiration. I have stayed here many times and the AC problem is immensely irritating as it is NEVER effective. There were hairs in the bathtub, and the satin coverlets were dirty. Room service was prompt, but the dish I ordered was not what I was expecting. I think this was my fault rather than theirs, but the items were not charged and there was no fuss either - so kudos for that. All rooms have balconies, but the sliding door doesn't fit well, resulting in traffic noise that requires earplugs. In summary;Rooms: Depressing, grubby, stuffy, beds like pool tables, noisy. Why bother? Better at a youth hostel. I bet the ones in Singapore are clean and well run.The South tower however, is superb, lovely beds, icy air-con, sparking bathrooms, Bose sound systems, flat screen TV, effective sound insulation - I loved staying there. On the Fairmont website there is no way of telling which tower you are in. Honestly, to stay in the North Tower is to waste your money. My company put me up here and I have had enough of it.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	4	2	3	

<Author>Waterwise
<Content>Adequate... We spent 5 nights at the Fairmont. We were upgraded from a 鈥楧eluxe鈥?room to an 鈥楨xecutive鈥?Room on the 22nd Floor. This entitled us to enjoy the 鈥楨xecutive Club鈥? a lounge offering all-day snacks and free cocktails in the evening- no kids allowed. We have 2 young ones so no value to us. There is also a small gym up there for 鈥楨xecutive鈥?guests. The room was fine- modern d茅cor, surround sound, flat screen TV, electric curtains, etc.. Nice spacious modern bathroom, king-size shower. We think it a waste to have all linen changed every day but there is really no option but to have ones towels replaced every day as nowhere to hang them up, simply a large basket to throw them in! We had booked a room with king-size bed (and cot) but were given 2 doubles. Best they could do was push doubles together and make up bed with king-size linen. Coffee/tea making facilities- there is a smart expresso machine. If, like us, you drink tea, take your tea bags with you. The 2 provided don鈥檛 go far! The cups are designed for an expresso from the coffee maker so you could just about use one bag for 2 cups (there is all-day coffee and tea from the 鈥楨xecutive Club鈥?(if you don鈥檛 have kids!)). With our air con set to its lowest speed and highest temperature (30degC) we were freezing. The 鈥榚ngineer鈥?was assigned to fix this. The following night with the air con set at its highest speed and lowest temperature (20degC) we were in a sauna bath. The following day the 鈥榚ngineer鈥?returned- we then returned to the arctic and simply decided to 鈥榬ug-up鈥? At least we could open the door on to the little balcony- something you cannot often do in high-rise hotels. Our package included breakfast. Breakfast is standard hotel buffet style. Seems like hotels try to outdo each other for the most obscure dishes for breakfast- you look at half this stuff and wonder just WHO would want THAT for breakfast. If you came down from Mars there鈥檇 be something you鈥檇 like. No particular reflection on this hotel in particular (there almost ALL the same) but is anyone else out there sick of the breakfast offering of leather for bacon and sausages that look more like they鈥檙e boiled than grilled or fried? Whilst I鈥檓 about it has anyone ever met one of those motorised toaster machines that makes a piece of toast (as opposed to warmed bread) in one 鈥榩ass鈥? Singapore hotels cater for a very cosmopolitan clientele including many UK/American  Australasian clients. Amongst the okra sambal, the sio mai, chicken curry, steamed pork buns, chick pea curry and miso soup there was nothing as simple as baked beans in tomato sauce. On one morning only were there some soggy little hash browns. Amongst the salads, dozens of cold meats and cheeses and fruits I had never even seen before there were no mushrooms saut茅ed, grilled or cooked by any means whatsoever. Take the tea鈥?the coffee is well and truly stewed.The hotel pool on the 8th floor is great and good for kids including our littlies. There is a separate kids鈥?pool.The concierge was helpful  forthcoming on tourist info except when we sought info on the harbour cruise. He sent us off to the Esplanade (20 minute walk) which is where he had advised the boats left from. With 2 little kids in tow we trudged the length of the Esplanade. We had another 20 minute walk to the 鈥榤erlion鈥?fountain to find where the boats actually DO leave from.Whilst the room was tidy and new some parts of the hotel look a little jaded. The furniture in the 鈥榣ounge鈥?off reception are reminiscent of grandad鈥檚 favourite old chair you wish he鈥檇 get rid of.One benefit of staying here is that the hotel is part of Raffles Square (with THE Raffles across the road) which is full of ritzy stores and restaurants aplenty). Reception is friendly and helpful, the service is generally very attentive.The hotel is unremarkable, a not untypical modern and rather soulless Singapore Hotel-not much not to criticise it for, not much to recommend it for either.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pendle44
<Content>Quality Hotel        Super doorman !  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jrr3087
<Content>The Fairmont Singapore CHECK IN/OUTWas swift and efficient nothing to complain about. Staff were very friendly and helpfulSERVICES:I could not fault a single member of staff they were all very friendly and enthusiastic. They were all very knowledgeable and nothing was too much bother. SPA: The spa is a Willow stream spa, which I believe is the signature spa of Fairmont, and its defiantly does not disappoint. It was a very relaxing experience, a little costly but you pay for what you get! My group all had the de stress massage and all commented on how much they enjoyed the experience and how professionally it was conducted.There are outdoor pools, they were busy bust still enjoyable.LOCATION:Very good, right in the heart of Singapore with all the amenities that you could possibly want right on your doorstep. The hotel is also located virtually in a transport hub with busses and trains and major roads all located very close by.ROOM:Was modern and well maintained, with all the mod cons that you would expect from a newer hotel in Asia. Plasma screen tv鈥檚 electric curtains etc. Bathroom was very nice with an amazing 鈥榬ainfall shower鈥? Room had high quality toiletries as you would expect.Always had a very good night鈥檚 sleep linen was of high quality as were the selection of pillows that were provided (Feather and synthetic) All rooms have small balconies that allow you to enjoy the atmosphere of the city.More than ample working space.No problems with noise.HOUSEKEEPING:This was an area that I felt needed some improvement. The room was in need of a good hovering under the bed etc and the windows did need washed. For the 3 nights that we were in the hotel our toiletries were never replenished which was disappointing .The room was always cleaned before 12 which was good. All in all the problems that we encountered were nothing too serious and when brought to the hotels attention was dealt with promptly. RESTAURANTS  BARS:Where to start there are so many outlets to choose from! The hotel is actually part of a large complex that also includes the Swissotel which is a staggering 70 floors high. Right at the top you have a selection of fantastic bars which have impressive views of the city. However the fine dinning restaurant equinox was a disappointment. The food was good but the service was poor. It took over 30 minutes for our drinks to arrive which is completely unacceptable in an outlet of this calibre. Here鈥檚 hoping that this was a one of event. It is worth having dinner in equinox if not for the views alone. Reservations are a must. We did have room service in the mornings because of the nature of our trip. The selection is good however we did have a few problems getting the right drinks on two mornings鈥?possible language problems鈥?they did however amend the problems very swiftly. Tried out some of the other bars located throughout the complex and there is something for every age group including a nightclub (Ink)We had dinner in Prego one night and the staff again were very attentive and professional. They had all the Italian classics that you would expect and they were all of a very high quality. I would recommend this outlet for any occasion lunch, dinner or just a light snack. OVERALL:I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Fairmont Singapore. It has all the facilities that you would expect from a city hotel and an outstanding team of staff that will endeavour to make your stay as relaxing as possible. It is on the more expensive side but as always you do get what you pay for and I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Ellana
<Content>Good Location We stayed in a standard room at corporate rates. The room was elegant and well appointed however the bathroom was in need of refurbishment, particularly the tiles. We had a balcony overlooking a large courtyard garden but was unable to use it as the air conditioning unit from the adjoining shopping centre was far too noisy.The staff gave great service but there was no tour desk and it was really geared around business guests rather than tourists.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>splatnz
<Content>NIce Amenities and Pool Area Just checking-out of this hotel at the moment and thought I'd take a minute to write a review...Likes - Great bathroom amenities from - Nice sunny pool area with two large pools- On top of the Raffles Plaza shopping centre- You can charge your room when dining at the Swissotel and Raffles hotels next doorDislikes- Very small rooms for the price- Rooms could do with a makeover (eg old carpet etc)- Some of the Fairmont President's Club benefits unavailable (eg Aveda Travel Kits)- Fairly average housekeeping (eg replacement shampoo and soap etc just thrown onto the bathroom bench top)OverallProbably overpriced for what it is, if you get a good deal I'd recommend it though. Staff are very friendly though especially Raj at the President's Club desk and the location is good with an MRT station just downstairs and Suntec city a 5min walk away.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>NigeriaWorldxplorer
<Content>Excellent...! I had read some reviews so made sure i booked my room in the North tower and once i got tot he check in desk i was told that we had been upgraded to a junior penthouse suite, not sure if this was completely random or because we were on our honeymoon, either way it was a nice surprise, a minute later the person checking me in said oh i am sorry sir i made a mistake you were not upgraded toa junior penthouse suite but a penthouse suite! So up we wentm nit sure what to expect, the room was an apartment, we had 2 sitting areas, a huge dingin table, remote control curtains all round, huge bathroom, extra storage room, it was an amazing surprise and balconies all round with a beautiful view as we were on the top floor of the hotel, i then regretted that we were only there for 2nights! The hotel staff were most helpful with any information we needed or any assistance, i didn't experience the $5 charge for the texi service we would just go to the front of the hotel and wait for a taxi, and there was no extra charge we knew of, also the hotel is right on top of a mall, and the bar makes some pretty interesting cocktails, you have the famous long bar across the road and a whole bnch of other bars and restaurants a couple od minutes away, over all i was very happy with the location and helpfulnes of the staff, i would highly reccommend this hotel although i am not sure how the south tower is as i had made sure i was booked in the north tower as was told it was a little dated...  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cinmor
<Content>Nice Hotel I stayed at the Fairmont in March 2008. I found the service good. However the rooms are a little small and dated. The only really trouble l had was the night club below, which is in full swing on Saturday and Friday nights. The music is very loud as is the DJ and it goes until around 3am and l could hear it very clearly from my room. Otherwise the hotel is well located, however for business l will be staying a little furthure away from the action next time.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>NoOneWillAnswer
<Content>Good Location Stayed three nights, south tower, facing CBD/Merlion. Recommend that room orientation for the views and sunrise/sunset. Good: Views. Immediate access to public transportation. Charging privileges at Raffles/Swissotel/Fairmont. Attached to shopping mall -- which includes a full grocery store with wine shop on the lower level, nice to be able to buy a piece of fruit or a bottle of wine whenever you want. Bakeries/food outlets also downstairs in the mall if you're jetlagged and looking for something small to grab-and-go. Breakfast buffet at the MarketPlace. Balcony. Speakers in bathroom for Bose. Pool.Bad: Three errors at checkin, requiring two follow-up calls and visits to the front desk to fix. One bedside reading lamp with a burned-out bulb, reported at checkin and again midstay, never replaced. Gooseneck reading lamp at the chaise wouldn't stay in place so was basically worthless. Front support leg of the chaise broken. Bathroom's glass basin is attractive but becomes very messy in use. Bathroom shower's glass enclosure is too shallow and bathroom floor floods unless you keep your body very close to the shower wall. Speakers in bathroom not hooked up to tv. Final insult was a SG$5 charge for the concierge desk to arrange a metered taxi to take us to the airport -- this after we paid SG$120 for the hotel's private arrival transfer. Have never been charged anywhere anytime for a concierge to get a taxi.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>jonathan19280
<Content>Smooth and efficient I stayed here for 4 nights on business and found every aspect of the hotel to be extremely well managed and maintained. Service was superb at all times, the food excellent, with a lot of choice to cater for all tastes.The rooms were a good size and mine actually had a small balcony overlooking Raffles. The Fairmont is well situated and actually connected to a shopping mall for those who might not want to even venture outside in to the humidity.Overall, highly recommended for business travellers or a short stay over.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>manarak
<Content>good for business I stayed a week on corporate rate at the fairmont south tower in a standard room in early february.what to say...let's start with possible improvements:- while about 10000 wireless access points in Singapore provide FREE internet access, it is high time that hotels do the same. Maybe they could limit the speed of the free access to 512kbps or something, but asking for more than 20SGD a day for that kind of commodity is not acceptable.- cleanliness: the room itself was quite nice, but it was not very clean. usually i am not very sensible to a little dust here and there, but the cleanliness of that room was sub-standard. for example, there was a lot of dust under the TV commode and it seemed that a guest had a bottle of coke or another sticky beverage explode on the table. the table itself had been cleaned, but the lamp and other parts of furniture were still dirty, as well as the floor where that happened (sticky dried-up drops).also in the bathroom, i would find a long dark hair everyday in the middle of the floor after room cleaning.mold between tiles in the bathroom is not much of a hygiene problem, but it would just look nicer if it was regularly bleached out (a few chlorine every 3-4 months could take care of that problem)the room cleaning staff is not thorough. additionally to finding dust and sticky stains in some places, I found two DVDs hidden by another guest under the bose radio. These were bad-quality porn DVDs, so I left them there.- room service/equipment: the staff should focus on better attention to detail: the remote command of the bose radio was missing the battery and therefore didn't work.- irritating: when you call a lift and briefly press the button, it will light up, but can deactivate if you are too quick. that happened a few times, and was quite irritating, especially because the button lit up, so i thought the life was coming...- while the bad's mattress was ok, I wasn't too satisfied with the pillows, which are apparently filled with a synthetic foam, which caused me to sweat.now the positive:- my request for a non-smoker king size room was granted without trouble.- the staff was quite friendly.- the hotel is situated right next to the historic raffles, and on top a shopping mall and above the MRT (underground) station city hall.- there are direct entrances from levels 2 and 3 of the mall into the elevators, so it is very convenient for getting quickly to the room from the mall without having to pass the lobby.- if you have to check out late, they can give you access to a complementary guest suite (no bed) to wait on your plane.- 2 bottles of water are replaced every day- i will not post a list of everything that worked as expected, you can assume the rest of standard services was provided and working well.Overall, the Fairmont was not bad to stay in for business, but I feel the rate was too high (even the corporate one) for the delivered quality. Therefore, the Fairmont gets a rating of 3 from me.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>wendy1461
<Content>beautiful, SAFE Singapore The Fairmont has again lived up to its name. I have spent time in Canada staying at Fairmonts in 2004 and this one in Asia is no different. Neat, spotless, modern rooms with all amenites that you would expect from a 5 star hotel. Staff in the whole of the hotel are sweet and nothing is a problem for them. The hotel is above a shopping plaza which includes a supermarket and for those who love shopping, just step out of the foyer and there you go SHOPS..GO GIRLS!!! The hotel is located next to Raffles and you must go to the Long Bar for a Singapore Sling just for the experience. The hotel is just above the MRT which is a cheap way to get around the city, maximum s$1.80 for a one way trip. Orchard road is great for shopping, but I loved Little India, Kampong Glam  China Town. Eating is very cheap especially when you eat where the locals eat. Newton Circus is a must specialising in seafood. The locals are in a league of their own...the nicest, friendliest people on the planet who will help you even if you kind of look lost!!!!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wategos
<Content>Fairmont Hotel Singapore "Splendid". Stayed at the Fairmont, Singapore for five nights during February, Chinese New Year. Plaza suite on 23rd Floor was, large, clean and devine. View overlooked the historic Raffles Hotel. Turn down service every evening. Large bathroom with raindrop showerhead and other beautiful appointments. Bose sound system, electronic blinds. Breakfasted on Plaza floor, there are other restaurants to choose from. Shopping Plaza directly under hotel. Restaurants from budget to five star in close proximity. A well stocked supermarket in same complex. Short walking distance to several key attractions. All staff from doormen to housekeeping were helpful and welcoming. Simply, one of the best hotels I have stayed at throughout the world. Can't wait to return.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>gemilang
<Content>Crash Bang Wallop The hotel itself is all right given the rate and the location but what I cannot forgive them for was that they crashed my car (under the valet service). Rather than help, the valet driver ran off not to be seen again. The rest of the hotel staff stood around as various Singaporeans shouted at my wife (she wasnt even in the car when it crashed, let alone driving it, but as she is female and living in Malayisa they just assumed the crash must be her fault). I was given a copy of the police report saying the hotel/valet would pay for the damage. When I asked them to do this they changed the police report to remove this line. I could not even get them to put in writing how and why the crash occurred. A long way short of five star service.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Global_traveller2000
<Content>Dear me, what happened here?! I dislike giving bad reviews, especially to such a lovely hotel that has been providing me with memorable stays throughout the years. It certainly wasn't very memorable this time, I can guess that this has something to do with the management change, lack of staff and too-full occupancy. I arrived from Changi at 4pm and waited at the entrance for the bellboy to come and collect my 6 pieces of luggage. No one came. The kind cab driver had to run in and call someone out to collect the luggage. Check-in was with a sour Indonesian receptionist who kept insisting that I should join some Fairmont Club Privilage Program although I kindly said I did not want to. In the end, she decided that I should join and she filled the membership form on my behalf (shocked!). OK, I thought, I'm only here for 3 days, thank goodness.I was given a Deluxe room on the 13th floor facing the Raffles Hotel. The room was called Premier Room the last time I stayed there, so no complaints there. The room was clean and comfy until I decided to take a shower. The toilettries used to be the wonderful Amrita Spa range of products (now called Willow Spa), but this time, they somehow managed to change it into a not-so-pleasant range called Citron by Harris Mueller London which smelled something like dishwashing liquid! Thank goodness I found a Body Shop downstairs and managed to grab a couple of items before I showered. If that wasn't the end of it, the water from the shower flooded the bathroom and I almost slipped and fell when I stepped out of the shower stall. Terribly bad design and choice of floor marble there, quite alike to the Traders Hotel in KL. I called housekeeping to clean the flood up and they were very apologetic and promised to bring this matter up to management. There were a few other problems that night, mainly the air-conditioning not working properly, resulting to a hot and stuffy night (the technician came the next morning to repair it) and there was a rather irritating man downstairs whistling the whole day and night for cabs to pull into the hotel. Since I couldn't possibly get a new room or a new hotel around CDB as everything was fully booked, I managed to spend quite a number of quiet nights at the Long Bar opposite and the City Space upstairs. Breakfast was still as good and quiet and the hotel's location is still great. My verdict: This wouldn't be a bad hotel if they managed to clean the management up, take in more staff to cope with the high occupancy and try to maintain a bit of its Asian image instead of trying to push the hotel to achieve Fairmont London image. Too much change is still worse than no change. I might give this hotel another try if things improve, since I owe Raffles the Plaza most of my best stays in Singapore.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	1	4	5	

<Author>adls
<Content>Great location, decent hotel, shame about the room cleaning (or lack of it) We stayed here on a 4-day family holiday with our baby. We had previously stayed at the Swissotel the Stamford which is actually in the same hotel-shopping mall complex as the Fairmont. We liked the Swissotel for its great location, and decided to stay at the Fairmont this time because we had a better deal for it on Expedia and it was essentially the same location.The Fairmont is quite a businessman鈥檚 hotel: it鈥檚 smart, clean and efficient 鈥?but somehow lacks character and charisma. The building, lobby, elevators and rooms are all modern, clean, relatively spacious, but you don鈥檛 get much of a sense of occasion or opulence. There鈥檚 nothing grand or magnificent about the d茅cor, just functionality. In that sense, I would say this is better suited for those in suits, and maybe less so for those expecting a romantic or exotic holiday.The room was quite large by Asian hotel standards. There was room enough for a cot for baby to be moved in (at no extra cost) and yet leave absolutely plenty of room for all 3 of us (mainly baby) to run around. And the cot was not a flimsy little crib, but a large proper baby鈥檚 bed with baby blankets and even a gift soft toy 鈥?nice touch. The furniture was again functional rather than grand or elegant, but at least the chairs were comfortable. The bed was definitely on the firm side 鈥?which I personally like, but which may probably not be to everyone鈥檚 tastes. The pillows were agreeably large and long, but they were too soft and shapeless and failed to give good support. I appreciated the cleanliness, but the room did show some wear and tear in places: the cold water faucet leaked a little when turned on, and the carpet was well worn down in the middle of the room (even patched over in one place).The service at the front door is excellent. The porters are exceptionally warm and courteous, and instantly made us feel welcome as we stepped out of the taxi from the airport. Check-in was efficient and reasonably friendly too. Throughout our stay, I was also impressed with being greeted by name every time I called down to the front desk (or 鈥極n-call Valet鈥?as they like to call it).Unfortunately, the good service did not extend to the room cleaners. We stayed for 4-days/3-nights. During that time, we only had our room cleaned ONCE. On one day, we were out almost all morning but came back to the room briefly at around 2pm to get a change of clothes (Singapore is a hot, humid country). The room was not cleaned all morning. We left promptly after changing and did not return until after dinner. But when we got back, not only had the room still not been cleaned, but we got a little note under our door saying that it wasn鈥檛 cleaned because we had a 鈥楧o Not Disturb鈥?sign on the door for the brief period while we were changing. After retiring to our room exhausted after a day out with baby, the last thing we wanted to do was vacate the room again at night while we called the cleaners back for cleaning (assuming anyone was still around to clean after 5pm !). Altogether we received this irresponsible little card on TWO days during our stay, suggesting it was OUR fault that the room wasn鈥檛 cleaned. This is unacceptable. Why can鈥檛 hotels like this just get their act together and clean the room quickly during the day? Is it unreasonable to expect that at a world class hotel, if the cleaner finds your room occupied when she comes round then she will check again later a second or third time until finally each room on her floor is cleaned? Since when has it become OK to just see a 鈥楧o Not Disturb鈥?sign once and assume the room cannot be cleaned at any other time of the day? Couldn鈥檛 someone simply have politely phoned us in the room to ask when would be a good time for them to clean the room? Sadly, the Fairmont is not the only hotel I鈥檝e stayed in recently to suffer from this lazy attitude towards room cleaning 鈥?but I really would鈥檝e expected better from a decent hotel in a country like Singapore. Having an uncleaned room for half our stay certainly spoiled our stay a fair bit.We didn鈥檛 have breakfast in our package. If you like eating, you don鈥檛 come to Singapore for bacon and eggs ! Downstairs in the Raffles City Mall alone, you can find a great variety of eateries. Try Kaya Toast, Singapore-style soft boiled eggs, and Kopi-O for a proper local breakfast. The Mall is also directly connected via an underground 鈥榗ity鈥?to the MRT station and nearby attractions like the Esplanade and Suntec City. Raffles Hotel (home of the Singapore Sling), Chijmes, the old civic center are all literally just across the street. Orchard Road or Chinatown are both just a couple of stops away on the MRT. This convenience of location is exactly what we loved about the Swissotel on our previous trip, and what makes staying here at the Fairmont this time brilliant. With our baby along this time, we really appreciated having a supermarket and some drug stores downstairs so that we could buy all the usual baby products (formula milk, diapers etc) instead of having to carry huge amounts on the flight.We didn鈥檛 use the hotel鈥檚 facilities much. We were too busy seeing Singapore, tasting its excellent food, visiting the world-famous Zoo, shopping on Orchard Road and so on to bother with the swimming pool etc (we didn鈥檛 even bother finding out where the pool was). If you want to enjoy a hotel like a resort, the Fairmont probably isn鈥檛 the place for you. If you want a hotel as a convenient base for you to see this remarkable island, then I would recommend this hotel (or the Swissotel) 鈥?with the condition that they sort out their room cleaning service. There was a cable internet connection in the room, but there was a charge. I usually rely heavily on the internet during my trips, but as this was a purely family holiday and the charge looked rather steep, I resisted the urge to use this service on this trip.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>Cornish
<Content>Good Location       View from balcony  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Stroppers
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at this hotel for one night on route to Perth for christmas. Great location, and easy to reach from Changhi on Singapore's clean, efficient underground system. The room was modern and clean, and the staff were polite and helpful. We also booked when the name of the hotel was 'The Raffles Plaza', but cannot understand how anyone could mistake it for the Raffles itself. When booking, you only need to look at the hotel photos, read the description and look at the prices to know that it's not!!! The Raffles itself is literally across the road, and is a must stop for the Long Bar with its famous Singapore Sling, and nutshell covered floor!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ucartech
<Content>Nice stay at Fairmont Stay 3 nights at Premier Deluxe room in South Tower. The room name is now changed to Deluxe room since the hotel change name to Fairmont.Overall, we had a nice stay, with room and bathroom was big. However, for 3 nights stay, they never provide us new bathroom amenities like soap, shampoo etc even they were already half empty. Breakfast is so so with the ambience isn't as nice as their neighbor hotel Swissotel.At the end, I recommend to stay at this hotel if you book for south tower room.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>fast_eddy47
<Content>loved the fairmont Initially booked it as the raffles the plaza and on arrival found it had changed its name.we travelled as a party of 4 and had adjoining rooms on the 15 floor premier deluxe rooms overlooking the bay and it was a great view.the rooms were large,clean and well appointed.we paid $A168 each per night which included a full breakfast which included everything you wanted and more,could not fault,and highly recommend for a quality stay,being attached to the MRT underground rail was a plus and the Raffles complex/malls was excellent for food and shoppinglate check out was a plus being 4pm.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MassiLond
<Content>Disappointed I stayed at the Fairmont Singapore for a couple of nights between Christmas and New Year's and was disappointed by the value for money aspect the hotel and service.Rates were at the medium-high end of the spectrum and - possibly because the room had been booked through travelocity - breakfast was not included. Having booked through Travelocity also meant that cancellations and refunds were not possible under any circumstances. The hotel is massive and very impersonal. The room and furniture were a bit run down. Toilet not even flushing properly. The TV was a small-ish old style TV and for the rates in question a plasma screen is now standard.The most commonly used expression by staff at the front desk was a very polite unfortunately this cannot be done, and at no point I had the impression that staff were prepared to be helpful if that involved any thinking and not simply reading their script. Reading the commitment turning moments into memories at the back of the front desk made the whole experience even more grotesque. The ony positive was the fantastic Spa. But there again the services do not come cheap even for guests.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	4	2	2	1	

<Author>Buggy12
<Content>Good location but very dated When we made our booking this hotel was called Raffles the Plaza, not the the name change made any difference to our stay. The hotel decor is very dated and it seems as if this place hasn't been refurbished in many years. Having read other reviews I think we were unfortunate in that our room was in the north tower and was quite dark and dingy, with old looking furniture. Sounds as if the south tower may be more modern with better views.The location is excellent though, right above the City Hall MRT station, which takes you to all the main attractions and straight out to the airport too. It's an easy walk to lots of shopping malls, Orchard Road, the Fullerton, Boat Quay and Clarke Quay.In all an average hotel but well placed. I would look for somewhere different next time.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>frappeo
<Content>Still a great hotel after the name change       Fairmont Singapore - spacious living area with a big desk near the balcony  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Trufa
<Content>Very low quality place Let,s say I don,t like to be mislead. I booked this hotel on the understanding that it was associated with the well known Raffles (the one and only), so first surprise came when the van I too booked at the hotel web to pick up us at the airport took as to ... Fairmont Hotel. We were to stay just one night, on our way to a cruise, so I didn,t make a fuss when registering, but of course I did when I saw the room : North Tower, old and awful forniture, the bathroom was desolation ... when we went our for dinner, I remarked the carpets by the Front Desk, all stained. Maybe it,s not expensive but for a few more dollars I,ll go to the Hyatt next time.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anonymous8
<Content>Consistently Good Stayed at the Fairmont Singapore for three nights recently. I was here when it was still called the Plaza two years ago - not much have changed as the re-flagging of the hotel took place in December 2007 only. Stayed at the Raffles Inc floor on the 25th floor - where the in-room changes are more noticeable. The in room espresso maker is a treat. The gym/spa is, as before, impressive. The food at the Szechuan Court was average, while the breakfast buffet at the Market Place was good. Service was average - except for check out when the porter lost his way and arrived very late. The location of the hotel is great - right above the Raffles City mall and connected to both Suntec Mall and Marina Square. The MRT station (City Hall) is also right under the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>SwedishCath
<Content>Wonderful stay We stayed at the newly named Fairmont hotel for 9 nights over Christmas and New Year. Overall we were impressed and enjoyed every aspect of our stay. Our room in the South Tower was modern and well kept with a lovely view towards the Marina Bay allowing us to watch the New Year fireworks from our balcony. The bathroom was large and light and the shower fantastic. The amenities were generously replenished thoughout our stay.It was a luxury having our room serviced twice a day with fresh towels and robes and new sheets on the bed every morning.The in room safe was large enough for our laptop and other valuables.It is a shame that the previous reviewer JamesVki did not ask about breakfast. We had breakfast in the hotel every morning (included in our room rate), either at their Market Plaza restaurant on the 2nd floor or by the pool on the 8th floor. Both breakfast buffets were extensive with western and asian choices. We preferred the Market Plaza because the staff were more attentive and the selection wider.We found the reception staff and the concierge to be very polite and helpful. I used them for a number of queries about Singapore. It was also possible to reserve a table in one of the numerous hotel restaurants by using the in room reservation service on the phone.The food and drinks in the hotel are not cheap but not outrageous by Singapore standards. Raffles Hotel next door was even more expensive (unsurprisingly). If you want to eat cheaper then there are plenty of options in the food court in the mall under the hotel. Also Chinatown had excellent food at excellent prices.The location of the hotel is perfect. We were in walking distance to Marina Bay, Clarke Quay, Suntec City and of course Raffles Hotel. The MRT under the hotel was very convenient for trips to other sites around the island. We can recommend going to the races at Singapore Turf Club, a 40 minute ride on the MRT. Book a package at their restaurant @hibiscus and enjoy a fantastic view of the races.All in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Singapore. Excellent rooms, good service, perfect location and a reasonable price.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JamesVki
<Content>It was OK       The Room  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Scousie
<Content>Great Stay at Raffles the Plaza We stayed at Raffles the Plaza for three nights on our outbound stopover to Australia. We paid 拢90 per room including breakfast booked through asiabesthotels.com (this website is great!).  It was our first time in Singapore and the hotel was a great choice. The City Mall is underneath offering a huge selection of shops and eating - we were still finding floors we didn't know about on our last day! There's a bank as well which is really convenient and lots of beauty places for a bit of a pamper. There's another mall linking the City Mall to the Suntec Mall which we didn't find out about til our return trip!The City Hall MRT station is right underneath the hotel as well which is really convenient. We used this to go to the Singapore Zoo and it also goes direct to the Airport. The hotel itself was very nice and was excellent value for money. The room was spacious and the beds were really comfy. We had a small balcony overlooking the city with nice views. Staff were pleasant and helpful and there is also a hospitality room made available to guests either arriving early or leaving late with a shower, tv etc which is really convenient if you arrive at 7am and have a midnight flight out as I did!Breakfast was a buffet with a wide range of food in european, asian and american styles, available til 11am and very nice. Pool was lovely!Overall this was a really good, convenient, modern hotel with all the facilities you would expect from a decent 4 star. Would definately consider this hotel again when visiting Singapore.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>HappyTravels-7
<Content>Loved the Club Inc       Lounge refreshments  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>piraniaAthens
<Content>Best location, accomodating staff, modern feel.. Book the South Building though!       room view  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>jfoote
<Content>Great Location and Hotel in Singapore       Budget Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Arthurbowns
<Content>Faultless hotel       Pool on the roof  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Public_Dave
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at Raffles the Plaza for 1 night this week. It was a short trip, taken at short notice. I called the hotel just 2 hours before I got on the plane to Singapore, and their reservations staff were very helpful and got me what turned out to be a very nice room at a reasonable rate. The location indeed, is excellent, particularly on a short trip, because it is right off of the highway to the airport. The attractive lobby looked much nicer than the last time I stayed, back right in the aftermath of SARS in June 2003.The front desk staff was very helpful and efficient. She also remembered my name when I checked out 7 hours later. The room was large, well appointed, and had a generous portion of fruit for my consumption, which came in handy after the subpar airplane food and the late night of work I had ahead (there was also chocolate). Shower worked beautifully, and the bed very comfortable. The breakfast the next day also hit the spot, with a nice mix of local specialties in addition to well-rendered international staples.Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Malingshu
<Content>Great location I stayed in Raffles the Plaza for 5 nights on a business trip and was very pleased with the quality of the room, service and location. Breakfast was booked as part of the room rate and was well worth it - a good selection of Asian and European food. The cafe at the pool also does a less extensive breakfast menu but the location is lovely if you want to get away from the airconditioning. On the advice of previous reviewers I booked the South Tower and would recommend this because of the views over the city and Straits. Most windows in the North Tower look into buildings. The best thing about Raffles the Plaza is its location above the MRT station and shopping centre. Having also recently stayed in Orchard Road, I would recommend staying here instead because the streets are less crowded and there is more green open space.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Sawyersinaed
<Content>Disappointed Stayed here Nove 7-9th, 2007. The website is deceitful as you think you are staying across the street at the Real Raffles. Over priced rooms for what you get. Stayed at many 5 star hotels in Sing adn this was the worst. Dated and aged furnishings, had to change room to over looking pool as the street side is extremely noisy! The pool is a concrete hole on the roof...nothing spectacular about it. Next time we are heading back to the Shangri La....now thats a 5 star! Very disappointed wit the quality and the overpriced facility.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>ChrisSakhalin
<Content>Second time here - starting to show its age This is the second time we have stayed here, the last being the same time in 2006. The hotel is still good but the rooms are starting to show their age a little compared to last year. Best go for the rooms in the South Tower as they are the most recent to get a facelift. They are quite large and spacious. We had two interconnecting rooms and there was plenty of space for 2 adults and 2 children.Breakfas is average for this class of hotel. A good selection but the whole affair seems to be functional. We ate once then used the cafes in the attached mall which offered a more family friendly selcetion for about a quarter of the cost.Pool is good for a dip. Service was fine for us.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ChelseaTraveller
<Content>Make sure you know what your getting Firstly the hotel itself looked great, but I was expecting the old colonial hotel not this modern tower. Perhaps I should have paid more attention to the word plaza it makes all the difference.To add further insult I was then shunted off to the Stanford hotel next door (which seems to be related to Raffles) because they had overbooked. Now the Stanford is a fine conference hotel, and the Plaza management tried hard to do right by me; but at the end of the days Raffles is the most famous hotel in the world, the stamford is just another bog-standard 4 star business hotel.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	-1	

<Author>shaunsia
<Content>Excellent location and staffs but shame on the internet access       Picture  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reddygirl
<Content>wow! excellent stay and benefits although this a belated review, my husand and i stayed there for our 10th anniversary (a little late, but we got there) in 2004. a lovely experience from start to finish. we booked through qantas holidays, and received the club floor upgrade, which, when we looked back at all the extras we recieved, was superb value. check in was efficient. staff gave the air of being well trained and polite. i found them at all times through out stay to be very friendly also.breakfast was in the club room, with no kids, and efficient service with a smaller choice than downstairs (which was tried once for the variety however was too noisy) but still marvellous. lovely coffee and the food was of excellent quality. pastries were superb! what a surprise when we arrived for the afternoon cocktails and canapes! in fact, i still rave about them three years later! veuve cliqot champagne, top shelf spirits and as for canapes, no soggy cheese and biscuits here, there were hot canapes, french cheeses, juices of all varieties, all sorts of cold canapes, beautiful desserts plus more, and well, we certainly gave the champagne a good go! in fact, we only ate out twice at night when we were there, and regretted it as we were so full from the food at the hotel! the room was lovely and we were given a note congratulating us on our anniversary, lovely fruit, and chocolates in wooden boxes (which were superb, i'm a raging chocoholic and i still have the boxes!) each night, along with turndown service of dimmed lights, linen folded down and soft music playing, which was just amazing. plenty of bottled water was supplied each day. the marble bathroom was divine with a fantastic rain shower and excellent toiletries. the location was terrific, having a shopping centre attached to the hotel complexes. visited the vertigo bar next door at swissotel (where i stayed in 2007, see another review) a tip - go during happy hour (singapore people seem to arrive much later) and the bar was crowded with aussies, poms and kiwis. the cocktails while a little expensive are reasonable during happy hour and are fabulous. the view is recommended!.(we also visited raffles for a singapore sling. expensive, but am not sure i thought raffles was any better than where we were) the pool was a welcome retreat in the heat of singapore. quiet when we were there and wonderfully clean.getting taxis was not a problem as they were waved down by staff and we never had to wait more than a very short while. we did not find the location a problem, as singapore is not a very large place and i felt everything was in short reach. chijmes was around the corner and has several terrific eating places and shops there.check out was as check in, with marvellous staff and no problems. they even tried to locate something i wanted to buy, nothing seemed to be any trouble.in short, the best hotel i have ever stayed at in my life. nothing so far has topped it - (but surprisingly the swissotel, whilst not as flashy, is almost as excellent). a lovely ambience, terrific staff, excellent facilities, superb service, terrific location, a very classy well run feel all round.just a joy to stay at.i have told my husband i want to go back!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wine_Gums_Addict
<Content>Book a club room!!! Fab fab fab hotel - great location, service and facilities. Can't fault it at all.We stayed here for 3 nights en route back to London from Australia during our honeymoon. As it was our honeymoon we booked into a club room which was well worth it as we got delicious complimentary breakfast in the plaza club lounge each day and fab 'free' cocktails, proper French champagne and canapes each night from 5pm to 8pm. A further nice touch was that we were offered to use the lounge for cocktails etc in the evening even after we'd checked out. Check out time is 1pm standard which is better than the usual 11am or 12 noon.We were put in a corner room on the 25th floor which was amazing as we had dual aspect double balconies, a large lounge area, large bed, desk area etc, and the usual robes, slippers etc. Also we had champers, chocs, fruit and flowers - don't know whether this was standard or because we were honeymooners.The facilities at this hotel are fantastic and the service top notch. I would not hesitate to stay there again or recommend it to anyone . It is quite a 'businessy' hotel but although we were on our honeymoon we still thought it was fab and much better than some of the more traditional 5 star honeymoon hotels we'd stopped at in Oz. The inc bar on the ground floor is fab, and the hotel is connected to the Swissotel Stamford the Plaza via the Raffles City shopping mall, which is good to go to for dinner or drinks from the 72nd floor - apparently the tallest hotel in Asia. The location was fab, v central, opposite the old Raffles hotel. Taxis and the fab MRT are very cheap in Sing though so everything is at your doorstep when you need it. I'd recommend the Night Safari and a trip to Sentosa to go to Underwater World which was great. Also Clarke Quay is great for bars and restaurants, try Clinic, and have a go at the reverse bungy if you're an adrenaline seeker...  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>iamallovertheplace
<Content>Great hotel in the centre of everything Stayed here for 5 nights and had a room overlooking the memorial and across the cricket pitch to downtown. There is a lot to like about this hotel, the rooms are big and have everything you need, with a great bathroom. The lobby is attached to a shopping mall where there are numerous places to eat, either Western or Oriental food, including a new donut shop, where the queues are extraordinary. There is pleasant pool area on the 8th floor, with two small pools. It is quite a restricted place, so you may need to get there early if you want a lounger.The hotel is in a good spot - you can walk to most places - Orchard Road is 15 mins away or a hop on the MRT. The old Raffles hotel is across the road and you should try the entertainment on the top floors of the Swiss Hotel next door - the views are great, especially at night.You can't go far wrong in Singapore - the top hotels are all very good and this is no exception - certainly worth a stay.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MollyCardiff
<Content>Fantastic - perfect hotel in perfect location We booked 3 nights in a Premier Deluxe room in the South Tower en route to Australia on the strength of reviews from this site, and then 2 nights in the Pan Pacific on the way back (please see separate review).Raffles the Plaza met all of my (high) expectations - Check-in at around 9.30pm was friendly and efficient. Room no. 1439 overlooking the pool with views over to the city and the bay to the left was as good as has been described on this site - huge comfy bed, gorgeous bathroom (the reviewer who complained about the rainfall shower flooding needed to just put the shower mat down!) and lots of little touches (fab Raffles branded toiletries you can buy in the real Raffles shop across the road for expensive prices). No furniture on the balcony (this seems to be the norm in Singapore) but we sat on towels drinking beer and watching the world go by. Fab.We had Breakfast included in our room rate and ate at the Plaza Market Cafe on floor 2 - amazing choice of just about anything you might want, probably the best hotel breakfast I've ever had.I tried the room service one evening and again, great choice, excellent service, not too bad prices.We had massages in the Amitri Spa, quite pricy but fantastic - try the lovely ginger tea they offer you as you are taking to the relaxation room before and after the treatment. Obviously staying mid week there are a lot of business travellers, but the hotel appears to cater equally for tourists, which was different to our experience at the Pan Plaza.We managed to squeeze a lot of sightseeing into a short space of time and I don't think you can beat the location of this hotel for being central to all of the main sites. Opposite Raffles, walking distance to the bay, Boat Quay and Clarke Quay (both great in the evening), the business district, China Town, Chijmes (gorgeous in the evening, restaurants all lit up with fairy lights and live music), Orchard Road (a bit of a trek, but easy on the MRT) etc. etc.Don't miss seeing the view from the 72nd floor of the hotel next door, the Swisshotel, (connected to RtP by walkways).My other 'must do' sights were: 1. Night Safari (you can get a tourist bus from outside one of the hotels on Orchard Room - look at their website, or a taxi is less than $20)2. The Zoo (the best zoo I have ever been too, lots of the animals are roaming freely, but safely! - so cleverly done). I wouldn't suggest you do the Zoo and the Night Safari in the same day unless you are v. fit and used to the humidity - exhausting).3. The cable car ride to Sentosa, and then up to Mount Faber (Sentosa itself ok for a day trip - we saw everything we wanted to see in a few hours -I was pleased I hadn't booked to stay there).4. Walking through the streets of ChinaTown - a refreshing change from the millions of malls all over the city. Don't stick just to the main tourist streets.Overall, I was throughly impressed with Singapore - it's not the sterile boring city some people have said at all. I'd love to go back one day, and will definitely stay at Raffles the Plaza if I do.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelBoo2
<Content>Luxury for the weary shopper       Pool  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nonnapn
<Content>Business meets Pleasure The Raffles The Plaza is right across the street from the old Raffles Hotel and while you may prefer the other for its significant history and its colonial ambiance, this hotel is pure sheer quiet elegance and superb service.The lobby while not as brightly welcoming or bustling as the neighboring Swissotel The Stamford, gives off a subdued and comforting feeling. Reception and check in are handled well and quickly -- even if there is queue, someone quickly steps up and attends to you immediately. The front desk staff are efficient and professional.The rooms, specially those in the newer wing are very modern and furnishings are classy and yet extremely comfortable. I have stayed in their premier executive rooms which have large walk in closets, a very inviting divan with a reading lamp -- just the place to lounge around in when reading or watching something on the very new lcd t.v.The bathrooms are huge and come with a bathtub and a separate shower stall with an overhead rain shower -- so great for relaxing after a long business day --Just like its sister property, The Swissotel Stamford, which it is connected to, Raffles The Plaza shares the same restaurants and mall and is very conveniently located beside the City Hall MRT station. I have noticed that most of those staying at the Raffles The Plaza are businessmen and corporate types -- now that is really mixing business with pleasure!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ColmDAthlone
<Content>The perfect hotel for a couple of days in Singapore. We stayed in Raffles The Plaza while transiting to and from New Zealand. It really was perfect. The rooms are large and bright with a very comfortable bed. The staff were friendly and helpful and we were made feel very welcome.The hotel is very well located, a 10 minute walk to Orchard Road but there are several large shopping malls within a few minutes walk. In particular Suntec City is very close. Don't miss the breakfast buffet. It's 40 SGD per person if not included in your room price. I could have stayed there all morning sampling the enormous variety.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>SamSteel
<Content>Overall a Good Hotel, Some Inconveniences The rooms are nicely decorated, and there are many conveniences with the Spa and Fitness center conveniently located downstairs and the Fitness facility is very well equiped and open for hotel guests during off hours. I really enjoy their Yoga classes which are reasonably priced at $15 SIN. The rooms are very well cleaned (in the morning with turndown service in the evening). They keep filling the ice bucket in the evening even after I told the manager not to bother with it. I think they want to tempt me into using some of the overpriced minibar drinks. The only complaint I have about the room is that there is no door on half the shower stall, and the rain water shower invariably ends up splashing out of the shower a getting the whole bathroom floor wet. A real inconvenience as I am here for work, and just want a quick - hassle free shower in the morning. The internet service was also a real dissapointment. They advertise the Superior room with Internet Access. Access = Pay For Use. And pay you will at about $30 SIN per day. The hotel is in a great area and within easy walking distance from Chinatown for those late nights out, Suntec City and other spots of interest. The MRT is conveniently located in Raffles Plaza.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>caetanomi
<Content>Excellent!! I stayed 7 days in a superior room and i must say that this hotel has everything. I have stayed in a lots of 5-star hotels and this is by far one of the best stays due it's genuine class and service. Rooms are nice and very clean and you can tell that things are run well by the atmosphere in the hotel. Location is great as wel. The only minus was the breakfast room that was quite noisy.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adelisj
<Content>I like Singapore Had 2 night stopover in Singapore on way to Australia. Wish i had more time here. Beautiful city, safe and friendly. We had 6 month old baby with us and arrived 9pm local time to find we had been upgraded free of charge to grand room. This consisted of large corner room with 2 person bath, office area, living area with 4 seats and flat screen tv, huge bed, minibar, 2 balconies one facing out over the original Raffles Hotel. Cot was already in room with welcome pack for baby including toy and toiletries. Breakfast is brilliant in the communal area shared with sister hotel Stamford. Hotel is on top of Mall with multitude of shops and dozens of different eateries. with access to MRT.Go to the night zoo its excellent.Hotels gave us free late check out until we left for the airport at 7pm which was excellent as gave us an extra day to explore knowing we could come back to the hotel and have a nap and pack before leaving for the airport. Alcohol is expensive as in all of SIngapore and didnt appreciate being propositioned by a lady of the night in the hotel bar, although this is open to public. Could not fault the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adrah
<Content>Great everything Great location, good service and nice room. Stay at the south tower room, nicer.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>britishvisitor
<Content>Good Place to Stay We stayed at Raffles the Plaza in mid-August. Good standard of hotel in a position which is easy to get to the trains and to walk to many of the main sites. Breakfast by the pool had a good choice and the room was clean and attractive with balcony. The only downside was the high cost of internet at(roughly) 拢3 for 15 minutes. However, just across the road there is an internet shopat 60 pence for half an hour.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>TannadiceTerrors
<Content>Great location, Great Value, Great Hotel Myself and my husband stayed here for 3 nights at the start of our month long tour of the Far East and Australia.Our next stop was Perth, Australia and our Australian friends had recommended Singapore as a stop-over to help with the jet lag. It worked because we were over the jet lag by the time we arrived in Perth. Unfortunately we did have bad jet lag in Singapore.We absolutely loved our stay at Raffles The Plaza. It was fantastic value for money, brilliant location a(right opposite Raffles) and had really helpful staff.After our long trip from Edinburgh, the raindrop shower was fantastic in our deluxe room. Our room had great views and had lots of clever electrics e.g. automated curtains, lighting etc with controls beside your bed. The breakast was included in our deal and it was first class. We had it sitting beside the pool area one morning which was lovely. The concierge was very friendly and highlighted places of interest on a map. Hopefully we will go back to Singapore again soon and if we do, will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Samsie
<Content>Nice hotel overall We as a couple spent a very nice couple of days here earlier this month.Check in was efficient even though we arrived late at night. Although we had paid for a standard room we were upgraded to a suite due to availability. A massive room awaited our arrival; the shower area alone took up one full length of the bathroom!.We also had a separate area to put our suitcases and there was plenty of drawer space.The only problem we encountered on checking out is that a film was charged to the room when we were not there. The receptionist took the charge off the bill and blamed the maid for the viewing!. Pool area was okay (water bit cold though!) and not landscaped in any way. The bar staff were very helpful.As for the person who complained about the greedy family perhaps he/she does not realise that not all situations are as they appear particularly with regards to children. Some children can appear to leave lots of food behind; it does not mean to say that its been wasted. As someone who has studied food issues in children I would hazard a guess that perhaps the child only ate the inside of the croissants and left the outside (some children have texture issues). Anyway this is not something that should really be commented on by another guest, its really not their concern and certainly not worthy of a comment in a hotel review.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BettyBlue
<Content>Superb Spa This is a beautiful hotel - the ideal place to relax, unwind and be pampered in Singapore. The highlights for us were(a) the Amrita Spa - excellent value for luxurious pampering treats.(b) the outdoor pools on the 8th floor - one for adults and one for children. These are very popular with hotel guests, and the ideal way to cool down on a hot, humid day. (c) The restaurant beside the pool - Alligator Pear - has superb food for a late lunch. Our only complaints were that(a) the beds were not very big -2 small double beds.(b) the hotel did not give us our gold breakfast cards - which we should have received at checkin because we had prepaid for breakfast - but tried to charge us for it (not cheap!). When we highlighted this, they searched for, and eventually found, our booking vouchers (from Trailfinders), and removed breakfast from the bill.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>WizzyDerbyshire
<Content>Great hotel- Beware the greedy folk at the breakfast buffet!!       bedroom- sorry a bit messy  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pinkrose
<Content>Lovely hotel with a great location We stayed here during a vacation touring Asia. We thought Raffles the Plaza was just what we were looking for. It was well decorated and maintained. The staff was professional. We had a large room with nice extras such as bathroom toiletries, robe and slippers. We could walk right out of the hotel to get to stores and restaurants. There was also a huge mall the hotel was connected to with some very good food. The Raffles Hotel was right across the street.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EmaAustralia
<Content>Lovely Room at Raffles Fantastic Location, We caught a cab directly to the hotel from the airport it was late around 11pm and the ride cost us under $20.00 singapore dollars, we were quite happy with that, Breakfast was hotel buffet standard, we enjoyed the fruits and bakery items. Close to the marina and quays area we walked to both quite easily using a map that i asked for from the info desk at hotel. We stayed in the new section near the pool area our room overlooked the The Raffles Hotel. It was a great size and very comfortable, we were even more suprised with the size of the wardrobe and Bathroom. Lovely ammenities could not fault room at all.I had a quick dip in the pool which was lovely and there seemed to be a bit of renovation going on in the pool area, although we were not at all disturbed.Loved the idea of being able to axcess the shopping centre from our room. Overall very happy and would stay again ! We booked this room through [--]  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IanWriter
<Content>Excellent hotel This is an excellent hotel. I found the staff to be friendly and efficient. The room was are a generous size, the bed was comfortable, the furnishings and decor well thought out, the min bar was well stocked, the bathrooms were beautifully designed and well equipped, and the restaurants were very good indeed. There is a neat bedside console that controls everything from AC and lights to alarm clock and remote conrol of the window curtains. Overall, the hotel has that certain blandness of style common to virtually all high end hotels of this type -- lots of marble, wood paneling, and beige as the dominant color -- but that seems to be what the clients are comfortable with.The one gripe I have is that the hotel charges a daily rate for internet access. As a general rule, the cheaper the hotel, the more likely it is to provide internet for free, and the more expensive the hotel, the more likely it is to treat internet access as a profit center and pile on the charges. A backpacker dive can be counted on to provide free interent but the deluxe hotels of the world dont give it away for free!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>boahboo
<Content>Loved This Place Can't believe other people had a poor experience of this hotel's reception staff - we couldn't fault them. We stayed here in March with our 8 month old son and staff couldn;t do enough for us. they sterilised bottles, provided filtered water, arranged transport to raffles hospital when baby was sick. our jetlag meant we were up with the baby at un-godly hours and he chose to play in the reception area, where all the staff knew his name, gave him treats, played with him and chased him round the lobby! the staff get 10 out of 10 from me.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TanyaMumOfTwo
<Content>Loved location and rooms! Customer service nothing special. Our family (myself husband and two large teenagers) have just returned from a wonderful trip to Singapore. I will be posting a Trip Report on the forum in the coming days but thought I'd do hotel reviews first.My agent originally had us booked into the Pan Pacific but when she received notification of soft furnishing renovations at the time of our visit to the Pan Pac she recommended that we stay elsewhere. Based on TA reviews, the location, plus a very good rate that gave us our fourth night free and included breakfast, we booked a King and Twin (connecting) at Raffles The Plaza. The excellent location of this very elegant hotel cannot be praised too highly. With divine views over the Esplanade and the harbour to the Merlion (we were in the South Tower, Premier Deluxe Rooms, Level 19) opening the curtains from the master switches next to your bed each morning was exciting in itself! Walking out onto the small balcony an adventure!Situated above Raffles City Shopping Centre and the City Hall MRT station meant that most of Singapore was within easy reach. We had created our own itinerary and these four days whilst at Raffles The Plaza gave us easy access for our first four days of self made touring.The rooms were very spacious with ALL the mod cons, decorated in my favourite soothing shades and with very comfortable beds and bedding. A big plus for us was the couch/chaise at the end of the bed so one of the children could comfortably stretch out on it while we other three lay on the bed watching a TV show together before bed.The buffet breakfast each morning was a real treat and the smiling staff were professional and attentive. The offerings changed slightly each of the four mornings and with such an extensive choice we were never bored. Only minor issue was that the tea was never actually really hot. I'm not sure if it was the actual urn of water used, or the solid silver teapots that were then used on the tables.The pool area was clean and inviting with towels on offer and carried to our lounge chairs for us. A dip in the beautiful round pool at the end of a hot day was always welcome. We used the area only twice - once late in the afternoon and on another day well after our return from dinner. It was never crowded or noisy as the twin pool is the shallow version and if there were any younger children then that pool is where they swam.So my only real complaint is that of a lack of customer service from the front desk staff. Their attention was robotic at best and harrassed at worst. We arrived at 10pm as expected so the lobby was not busy. I had had a very bad start to our holiday with my British husband not being allowed to leave Australia with us due to not having a Re-entry Visa (this is a whole other story!!!). So it was just myself and the two children checking in - not knowing if my husband was actually ever going to be able to join us I was a bit tired and teary - and I explained what had happened to the girl as she was completing our check in procedures. I received a sympathetic smile and that was about it! Now I wasn't looking for anything major but where the Qantas cabin crew had gone out of their way to help me (and I will be writing a letter to Qantas complimenting them on their customer service) the staff at this hotel barely seemed to care. Maybe this sort of thing happens all the time and they were immune - but I think they should have picked up on my signals and been a little more caring.Then really the only other time I had anything to do with the staff was breakfast in the restaurant on the 2nd Floor as recommended here on TA (terrific), pool guy (attentive), luggage guy (great) and then check out (awful!). It was busy - about a 15 minute wait at approx 12 noon - but only had two staff on so not good enough. She rushed me through (as we had no extras to pay for) and I don't even think I received a thank you for choosing Raffles the Plaza! Just not what one would expect from such an otherwise professional and tasteful hotel. This front desk area is what is letting them down and I think you can see that here on other TA reviews. Having said that, I would still recommend this hotel if you can get a good rate as the rooms are generous and this location at the bay end is superb (I might just point out here that the last two nights of our trip when we were doing all our Orchard Road shopping were spent at the other end of town at Royal Plaza on Scotts and I will post another review for that hotel tomorrow night!). Look out for my trip report and feel free to PM me if you have any questions. Cheers  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	3	4	

<Author>Mark_from_Thailand
<Content>Service is variable here I have stayed at the Raffles many times. It is the recommended hotel by my company.I have read some of the reviews below  have to say my experience is it can be very variable, depending on who is on duty  how busy they are!I have experienced some of the longest check-in queues  'jobs worth' attitude there but I have also experienced amazing customer service (late check-outs to 10pm on one occasion, v attentive concierge).The rooms are nice, slightly above average business style rooms - many with great views. All 'necessities' are there - Internet, fruit, big TV, comfortable bed etc.Location is good - right next door to Chijmes, shopping centres, subway etc.I think, as with many hotels, it all depends how busy they are.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>Scott_and_Amanda
<Content>Very comfortable Only stayed one night, but room was very comfortable and luxurious, and well located across from the more famous Raffles.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>PDR123KL
<Content>4-star experience, 5 star price This is a more than adequate hotel in a good location but very expensive and poor value for money. The hotel is now quite old (used to be the Westin) and it shows - but the rates are really top notch. Incredibly for a 5* hotel, there are no parking facilities for residents or guests - it is the inconvenient and expensive shopping centre car park at silly hourly rates or the car valet for even more - or take a hike. For a few $$ more stay at the Ritz or Fullerton, for a similar experience for a lot less, stay at the Carlton across the road.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	4	4	1	-1	3	

<Author>J0ey
<Content>We were so looking forward to this trip however ...... We love Singapore and visit at least once a year.There is no doubt that this is an above average hotel in a great position however customer service really let this hotel down.I have watched with interest the steady flow of positive reviews and have given a lot of thought as to why our experience was so different. I think the length of our stay was the contributing factor.We stayed for longer than the average guest,instead of the usual 2 or 3 nights we were booked in for nearly 3 weeks. After the first few nights the cracks began to show.We upgraded to the executive package which meant we could have breakfast and evening drinks/snacks in the Executive Club.Despite staying for nearly 21 nights not one staff member remembered our name or indeed used it while we were in the club. We were mostly ignored in the club and attended to our own drinks whilst watching the manager and other staff focus all of their attention on other guests (regulars of the hotel).The reception staff could be best described as surly and at times everything seemed too much trouble. Even when enquiring about a service listed in the in room brochure, staff would stare blankly and claim they did not know what you were talking about.On the positive side:The rooms are hard to match in a hotel of this price bracket in Singapore. The room was very well appointed. The bathroom was a delight and included a rain drop shower which was a novelty. We also enjoyed the in room coffee machine and CD player.The view was spectacular and the location is so central you could almost ignore the customer service problems if you are staying a short period of time.The pool has a limited number of deck chairs and it can be hard to secure one during the busier periods of the day. The pool facilites are shared with the Swiss Hotel next door, a large number of airline staff stay at this property and spend a lot of time at the pool. My advice is to arrive early and enjoy the pool before heading off to the shops etc which tend to open at 10 or 11 am.Unfortunately the poor customer service extends to the Pool Bar staff and those working in the health centre.If you are staying less than a week, want a great room with a great view, close to all Singapore has to offer this is the hotel for you .....just don't expect the customer service to meet or exceed your expectations. If you intend to be out and about a lot this hotel probably isn't worth the extra money as there are many hotels with good views and central locations nearby.So overall I agree the property itself is great it is just so disappointing that the service was so bad I have been prompted to write this review and that we did not enjoy this trip as much as my other annual trips to this great city.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	2	1	3	

<Author>Jemimagold
<Content>Cannot say enough good things about Raffles the Plaza Hotel! We originally had planned to stay at the Le Meridien in Singapore for our recent 3 night stay there (see my TripAdvisor review of that). After the 2nd night at Le Meridien, we could not tolerate all the problems and so I got out my trusty Frommer's guidebook and booked us into the Raffles the Plaza Hotel for the last night (May 28th). I am so glad I did!The hotel lobby is decorated in a stylish Asian chic manner and our room was incredible. We booked just a regular room and got a very large room in the North Tower with a balcony which had all the latest technological gadgets such as a flat screen TV, halogen reading lights on flexible metal arms above the bed (in addition to lamps) for nighttime reading, a huge bathroom and the excellent toiletries from their spa. The hotel's gym was spacious, modern and clean. Breakfast was included in our room rate which we had at the Alligator Pear restaurant which is their outdoor pool restaurant (quite pleasant in the morning). There was a huge selection of healthy food as well as the usual hot breakfast items such as sausages, eggs, bacon, oatmeal, etc... It was all excellent. We also liked the fact that the hotel was so well located in the very center of town. It was very easy to take the metro anywhere we wanted to go and in fact, we even took the metro to the airport as the Hotel is on the same line. The sister Raffles Hotel property was directly across the street (which everyone must see!) and the charming CHIJMES restaurant/shopping complex was diagonally opposite the Raffles the Plaza as well.I am a pretty picky traveler and I have only wonderful things to say about this hotel. It is no question that I would stay here if/when I return to Singapore.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iluvlexus
<Content>Quite pleased with the location, service, and facilities. I was taking my very first vacation by myself during my second year of college, and I decided to go to Singapore for New Year's and for the first week of the year. I looked a lot online at travel sites about Singapore and finally picked Raffles the Plaza. I was extremely pleased with my choice.I arrived earlier than the scheduled check-in time, and the staff at the front desk was polite and gave me a drink while I waited at the comfortable lounge area in the lobby. I was impressed with the ambience of the lobby. It was classy in a clean, modern, understated way. When I did check in and go to my room, the first thing I noticed when I stepped into the hall on my floor (7th) was that the carpet was very thick and the hallway was near silent. My room was very nice, and the door was quite thick so it was quiet as well. This, to me, is one of the most important things for a hotel room to have.The other highlights:* the bathroom was quite nice* I loved the comfy bathrobe in my room* room service was great* showerhead was luxurious* breakfast buffet was the best I've ever had* the attached shopping mall was great * very quiet despite what's around the hotel* extremely handy to have the City Hall MRT station just below  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mhbsy
<Content>Absolutely superb service in a great location       The view  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>crsm123
<Content>I would return We stayed at Raffles for 5 nights at the beginning of May and for the price we got a room for on the internet we were very happy. I think we got one of the poorer rooms which was probably looking a little tired now but it wouldn't put me off staying again.All the staff, without exception, were very helpful and friendly. We were particularly impressed by the breakfast which was good in both variety and quality.As other people have noted the hotel does have a great location.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>MelieL
<Content>Best location in Singapore! Very central Stayed at Raffles The Plaza on a business trip. What a top hotel! It's located directly above the MRT station, which is by far the easiest way to get around Singapore. It's not too far from some of the nicest places to eat (Boat Quay, Clarke Quay etc) and is a short MRT ride from Little India and Chinatown. What really impressed me was the service. When I arrived straight after leaving my other hotel, still quite annoyed that I had a disagreement with their staff which took well over an hour to sort out, I was told there was only a twin room available (rather than a king room, which I had booked). The staff member asked would this be ok? and I said not really, no. A minute later he had booked me into a corner suite, a brilliant room! It overlooked Raffles Hotel, had a huge lounge/business area, the bathroom was huge with a big, round bathtub and shower. There were two balconies, very generous toiletries, an amazingly comfortable bed and fluffy slippers replaced daily. The hotel adjoins Swissotel the Stamford and Raffles City which is a huge shopping centre, where the food court has some of the best Hainanese Chicken Rice ever. The only thing slightly less than perfect was the swimming pool, not very exciting for this class of hotel but good all the same.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DTMGalway
<Content>Worth a visit Very nice hotel, good location, rooms was very spacious and we had a balcony view over Singapore. Directly across the road from Raffles. Great Cocktails!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TopNotchHongKong
<Content>RE: Top Service Stayed here before and came back again, as by far one of the best hotels in Singapore.Took my wife to Singapore to celebrate our annivesary. Booked into Raffles Inc. Slightly more expensive then standard rooms, with the benefit of using the Inc. Lounge.Service levels were fantastic. Requests for special treats like a nice card and chocolates were delivered.Our stay was made special by their attentive team.As per usual, the rooms were top class.Fabulous !  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bkkgal
<Content>Great Location; well-appointed rooms We stayed at Raffles the Plaza last month. The location was unbeatable! The hotel is within the Raffles City (shopping mall) complex and on top of the City Hall MRT, which makes getting around so easy. Plus the transportation system in Spore is so efficient. At 58sqm, the room was big and spacious. The bed is plush and heavenly. There was a writing desk, with internet connection (pay to use) and the rain shower in the bathroom is a nice treat to come back to after a long day. We took a room in the South Tower, which had a great view of the Esplanade at the bay front. There was even a Bose system in the room, which went off 3 times in the middle of the night on our first night! But other than that, everything was great.The breakfast buffet spread is astounding, with Western, Asian, Japanese and continental selections. My favourite was the fresh juices that we can customise e.g. carrot-orange-apple, celery-greenapples-carrots etc, from the counter. There are some 11 dining establishments in the hotel, we didn't get to try them all but it's good to have that choice. The staff is friendly and professional. Overall, a good place to stay in.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MaxinKL
<Content>Very Good Hotel Recently stayed 2 nights at the Raffles Plaza. I had a room in the south tower which was renovated a couple of years ago. I have stayed in the hotel over the last two years and I do feel that the rooms are getting a little old but still very acceptable. The room is a good size with a bose radio and 29 TV.Excellent view over the Marina and the ferris wheel. The room has a balcony and this is great for smokers. The location is good - just above the City Hall MRT station. There is lots of good shopping nearby. I love the bathroom with its rain shower and great soap. Breakfast is acceptable without being grand. Service is excellent both check in and check out was smooth. Only complain is the room was cold - even with the air con off !  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tannsx
<Content>maybe this hotel is overrated.just okay hotel,not superb!!               
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>walkaboutnyc
<Content>Good choice: comfortable, decent price, great location I struggled a lot with my hotel choice in Singapore - trying to find a good mix of price, location, cleanliness, etc from the reviews on TripAdvisor and deals on various websites. We ended up at the Raffles Plaza, because I read in Frommers online that it was nicely located and it got good reviews here. It was a bit more than I wanted to pay in Singapore, given that there are so many hotels, but it turned out to be worth it.First of all, the woman who checked us in was so friendly and accommodating. We only had one night booked with a very late (midnight) flight the next day. She agreed to give us a late check out of 4pm...which I felt was really generous and kind! I have never been granted such a late checkout at any other hotel.The location IS good, as long as you don't mind being attached to a mall (most hotels in Singapore are close, if not attached, to shopping anyway). We walked from our hotel to the Boat Quay, then on to the Asian Civilizations Museum, over to Orchard Road (shopping area) and back in a little more than a half a day at a lesiurely pace. There is a lot of foot traffic in the hotel. Seemingly a lot of business people, but that didn't bother us at all. Our room was nice, nothing incredibly special but clean and overlooking the Raffles Hotel.Another benefit of the Plaza: the Amrita spa is amazing. I had a wonderful facial, the gym is great, and the variety of services, products (Dermologica) and amenities at the spa are excellent. They didn't rush me out at all, which I also liked very much and felt was different than some other spas I've been to recently.You could pay a lot more and I think a lot less in Singapore for a hotel. But the Raffles was just really comfortable and middle of the range in price, and so a real winner for my husband and me.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Vardomannen
<Content>The Problem with Singapore... ..OK, so it's one of those problems you might prefer to label a luxury problem - and that problem is, where to stay in Singapore if you really appreciate quality. Not because it is hard to find, but because there are so many 5 star hotels in this wonderful city that you may not know where to start. I've recently tried the Oriental and the Intercontinental and now this trip stayed at Raffles the Plaza - just to try something different, as I have no complaints at all about the aforementioned hotels.Raffles the Plaza lived up to all my expectations - and then some. The hotel is in the colonial district of town, leaving you 5 minutes walk to the marina area and 15 minutes to Orchard Road (although it is hot in Singapore and all that bag carrying on the way back from the shops may wear you out....and oh yes, you will be carrying bags because you won't be able to resist the choice and prices...). The rooms are calming; light brown walls, a liberal use of textiles as panelling keeping noise in the room to a minimum (and you won't hear a squeek from your neighbours). I was in the South Tower on the 11th floor; my room had a balcony, a flat-screen TV and a funky bathroom with huge showerhead and toiletries from the spa at the hotel. It goes without saying perhaps that the room was spotlessly clean. Most of Singapore is spottlessly clean. A dream for us clean freaks.The hotel also has a hospitality lounge where you can get a shower before your flight home. A nice touch, particularly when you are so lucky as I was to have a flight at 0100. Breakfast was served in the Stamford Hotel next door which is reached via an inside link. The selection at breakfast was enormous - local specialities, western favourites - you name it.So now I have a problem - and that problem is, which hotel should I stay in next time I go to Singapore. Raffles the Plaza is way up there - one of the big boys in town. I think that it is the price of the stay which will help me make my decision.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hamboy
<Content>Why do they think red wine should be served cold? Ordered room service for dinner with a glass of red wine. Was asked to taste the wine.. and it was very cold! Asked him if it was meant to be cold and he told me they keep it in the fridge. I said that it wasn't meant to be that way but I don't think he understood. Later on had a look in the minibar and saw that the red wine was stored in there. Is this some Singaporean tradition? What kind of 5-star hotel thinks you serve red-wine chilled?!Room all good and room service not bad, but just stayed at Jakarta Ritz-Carlton which blows this away, at least twice as good.Good to have a balcony.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>trottersontour
<Content>Perfect Recently stayed at Raffles on a stop over on the way to Aus. We stayed for 3 nights. Had we stayed for any less I think I would have been dissapointed, as it takes at least 2 days to recover from flights and associated stress. Once we had acclimatised to the change of pace we then started to truly appreciate where we were.Hot tip. Don't feel out of place, the staff will not judge you, and you will only spoil your stay.If we can afford it again, we shall return.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>jonwilks
<Content>A good choice Having stayed at several Singapore hotels on business, I found this one to be excellent for the money (we paid $270S). Good comfortable room, good food, a large pool, and an unbeatable location.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Stephen_Lloyd
<Content>Need not have worried       Club floor bedroom, older style  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>princessdrea
<Content>Loved Raffles The Plaza       Night View from Room  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>RexVictoriaAustralia
<Content>simply the best I have been staying at this hotel for at least 15 years and without any doubt it is one of asia's best 5 star hotels. Stay there you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mpeep16395
<Content>the best great hotel....the original raffles is across the street.....if you like a victorian hotel stay there...the raffles plaza is very contemporary..great service by it's staff. it's in a key location....close to the riverwalk, historic district and china town.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Reviewer23
<Content>Raffles the Plaza We stayed in Singapore at Raffles the Plaza for four nights from March 15th 2007. This is a super hotel. The staff are friendly and very polite, and nothing is too much trouble for them. The breakfasts were excellent with a choice of two dining rooms. The poolside facilities were luxurious with lovely views of Singapore. The air conditioning in the rooms was most welcome and the rooms are large, very comfortable and clean. The hotel is opposite Raffles, and close to the MRT which is convenient and spotless. The hotel is part of a vast shopping complex with everything from restaurants and bars to designer shops. I would recommend this hotel for the service, location and facilities. Also check out the night time views from the Swisshotel bar on the 72nd floor of the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Anjali1007
<Content>Very good hotel, but no rave review Stayed for 2 nights at Raffles the Plaza. I have stayed at many Singapore hotels and the standard in general is very high, so perhaps the criteria against which I am judging this hotel is too high.The goodExcellent, fast check in and lovely customer service on front deskSpacious roomNice bathroomBalcony with sea viewsGreat location, right in the centreThe not so goodVery slow service in the poolside restaurant/barCrowded poolHard bedNoise from roadworksThere was nothing really wrong with my stay, just that I didn't feel it blew me away like some of the other 5 star hotels in Singapore have done. I personally prefer the Pan Pacific, Ritz Carlton or Shangri La, all of which are the same price or cheaper.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>FoxHay
<Content>Great hotel, fantastic location  I stayed here at the end of March 2007 and had a wonderful time. The staff are great, very polite and helpful. The rooms were large and very comfortable, with the best bathroom I've ever seen in a hotel! The location is also perfect, it's directly above City Hall MRT station and a great shopping centre with a supermarket and plenty of places to eat. The only fault I would give it is the breakfast is very pricey (about 30 singapore dollars), although it is lovely, it's still a lot to pay. I'd recommend you pop down to the food court on the lower ground floor of the shopping centre for a cheaper alternative. All in all a wonderful stay and I wouldn't hesitate recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>itinerant_ceo
<Content>Always brilliant and good value Always excellent. It may not be the most famous hotel in Singapore, but it is reliably excellent and very good value. The rooms, especially the Raffles Inc rooms on the top floors, are brilliant. Excellently equipped with beautiful bathrooms they are very comfortable for both short an long stays. Food is very good indeed in both restaurants and room service, while the staff are consistently helpful and very friendly. I come back whenever I have a chance... the only real competitor for me is the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>farrj
<Content>A great place to stay in Singapore We stayed at this excellent hotel for one night on our journey to Australia, and for two nights on our return journey.The hotel lives up to its 5 star rating, and is well situated in an established part of Singapore directly across the road from the original Raffles Hotel.The entrance to the hotel is impressive and from the moment you arrive, porters are there to help with your luggage. The hotel reception is equally impressive and spacious and the reception staff are friendly and efficient.Our rooms were in the North Tower on the 21st and 22nd floors with amazing views over the city. The rooms are spotlessly clean and very well equipped and furnished, down to bedside remote control units for curtains, lighting, air-conditioning etc. The rooms have safes (complimentary), bath robes, slippers, tea / coffee and a well stocked reasonably priced mini bar. The bathrooms are excellent with white marble tiles and glass fittings, including a bath and adjacent wet shower area incorporating a raindrop shower.We had the opportunity on our return stay to upgrade to Raffles INC and for a small additional payment we were able to use the Executive Lounge on the 23rd floor where a very good breakfast was served between 6.30am and 10.30am and also where cocktails and canapes were served between 5.00pm and 8.00pm - a very nice start to the evening!The hotel has several good restaurants and it is also possible to take meals in the original Raffles Hotel and charge them to your room (reservations needed).The hotel also include the Amrita Spa which has excellent facilities.We would thoroughly recommend this hotel and we intend to return in the not too distant future.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wellingtonian
<Content>Excellent value Both Raffles Plaza and Stamford are just above the City Hall MRT stop which makes getting to and from the airport and just about anywhere else very convenient. We chose this hotel because it has two double beds in the room -- handy for travel with a child. Reception was efficient and friendly -- our son was immediately befriended by the staff. Excellent room and facilities. Two pools -- one for children. This hotel has the typical five star business hotel feel about it, but the warmth of the staff was a wonderful extra touch. On the way back from our travels we stayed at the Intercontinental and the check-in there was nowhere near as friendly as at the Raffles Plaza.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Happynoodleboy_uk
<Content>Loved it, great location Booked this hotel via Asiarooms. Took about 25 mins to get there in a taxi from Singapore Changi Airport, cost was about 20 SGD. Checked in with no problems, and was allocated a deluxe room on the 8th floor in the North Tower. Room was a great size, with a big king size bed, small balcony overlooking Raffles Hotel, mini bar, safe, iron/ironing board, TV, and electronically operated curtains. Bathrobe and slippers were also provided. Bathroom was a nice size, and with plenty of Amrita Spa toiletries. These were replenished twice a day, along with fresh towels twice a day and bed was turned down on a night.Two nice sized pools, although didn't get much opportunity to use them thanks to a tropical downpour! Lots of sunbeds available and it looked like it got the sun on a morning.Two choices of places to go for breakfast, either the Alligator Pear by the pool or the Market Plaza Cafe on the 2nd floor. We opted for the latter thanks to reviews on Tripadvisor and weren't disappointed. Great selection of chinese, japanese, and american breakfasts, plus fruit, cakes, juice bar, egg/pancake chefs. The choice was overwhelming.Hotel has good location in Raffles City shopping centre, right above the City Hall MRT station so it's a good base for exploring Singapore.The New Asia Bar on the 71st floor of the Stamford next door gives great views of the city, and there's a happy hour between 3-9pm.Had to check out at 1pm, but flight wasn't until midnight, so we got access to the courtesy lounge in the hotel. Lounge contains a number of comfortable chairs/couches, plasma screen TV, free coffee/tea, and a bathroom/shower with lots of towels should you need to freshen up.Pre-booked taxi to take us to Changi airport with the concierge, but didn't really need to as there were plenty of taxis dropping off/picking up at the hotel.Overall probably the best hotel we've stayed in in Singapore, highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>amennyc
<Content>saddam should have come here after the invasion, no one would have noticed..... i can't say i had a bad experiance at this hotel. the staff was not the most attentive or friendly... more on the cool side and by the book. service os what you would expect, but not beyond the basic. the rooms were clean, great view, and loved the shower.the hotel is at a good location. the gym is good, and again the staff cool. no one really smiles or greets you. i think this is a singapore thing. so if you want to go to a place after plastic surgery so one pays attention or could care less, this is the place. the better hotel i had heard was the oriental and of course, the fullerton. at raffles, no one will come to you at the pool and ask if you want a drink or offer. the reception will not ever say hello as they are so far removed. singpore was more like singaBORE. i stayed in this city for four nights, and it was 2 nights to long. to much in asia to enjoy other than a souless city.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>XNewcastleUponTyne
<Content>Fantastic hotel We stayed here for 3 nights our way to Australia. We stayed in the north tower. The room was large, by modern day hotel standards and was really smart and comfortable. The staff were very helpful. It's location was ideal with easy access to the underground system in Singapore. Would definately stay there again. Got a great deal by booking online.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Finlo
<Content>Good central location, otherwise OK The best feature of this hotel is its location - right on top of City Hall MRT you're well situated for the waterfront area round Raffles Quay and five minutes on the train from Orchard Road. The shopping centre under the hotel has a reasonable range of shops, with a supermarket and food court in the basement.Other good points:A balcony from which to take in the views.Poolside buffet breakfast at the Alligator Pear restaurant, not a fabulous range of food but nice way to start the day.Good standards of cleanliness and nice wet-room style shower (South Tower room).Pools - I didn't use them, but there are two good size pools open early until 10pm, one 1.2m deep, the other 1.2-2m deep. No life guard though if you're with kids.Room service menu offers choices from several of the restaurants in the complex, and generally gets delivered when they say it will.Reasonable range of toiletries provided, plus toothbrushes, nail files, cotton buds, cotton wool balls. Ironing board and iron provided in room, not a lot of coat hangers (I had enough for a four night stay) but at least they provide a couple of padded ones.Downsides (possibly coloured by the fact I normally stay at the Four Seasons in Singapore, so that's my reference):Lighting - even will all the lights on, you'd be pressed to have enough to really work by in the evenings. The nightlight feature on the room console activates the main bathroom light, which then doesn't turn off if you turn the nightlight off. Persistant smell of cooking in the corridors.The balcony is a nice touch, but in my room the wind fair howled through at times (engineering came and replaced the gasket), and it means you do get quite a bit of traffic noise.Room service - some of the local dishes were good (mee goreng or wonton soup for example), but worst hotel burger I've ever had. I complained when they picked up the tray, but had to ask for it to be waived from the bill at checkout. Having asked for olive oil and balsamic on the side for a salad was bemused to get a cup full of malt vinegar. Good job I'd ordered some chips as well!Size - not the rooms, which are pretty good, but overall size. You don't get the personal service that you'd have at smaller 5* hotels.Mini bar - red wine in the fridge? And crummy odd-brand mixers. Schweppes tonic or nothing I say!Getting there and around:From Changi - (on a sunday night) about 25 minutes, just under 20 SGD .City Hall - Orchard on MRT is around 1 SGD if paying with an Ezilink card.Pricing - remember that on checkout you will see additional tax and service charges added to the room rate.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marsie001
<Content>Can't be faulted! We have just returned from a 4 day trip to Singapore staying at Raffles the Plaza and were not disappointed. We stayed in a Premier Deluxe room in the South Tower and had fantastic views over the city and harbour. The room was well furnished and a good size and located on the 21st floor with a balcony.The hotel is centrally located not far from China town, Little India, Clark Quay and Orchard Road. We walked rather than taking taxis and could not have had a more convenient base.We tried breakfast in both restaurants (Alligator Pear and Market Place Cafe) and definitely preferred the Market Place Cafe. We also ate in some of the other hotel restaurants and were very pleased with the high standards of service.We will definitely stay here on our next trip to Singapore and would not hesitate in recommending Raffles the Plaza.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelbuggedtony
<Content>Highly recommended       Raffles The Plaza hotel  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Helen711
<Content>Centrally located       Front Entrance of Ruffles the Plaza  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>Darlo_UK
<Content>Definatley recommend this one Raffles the Plaza was an absolute pleasure to stay at. The hotel people were so accomodating and helpful. They really make you feel welcome. We also ate at the indian and italian restaurant in the complex and they were gorgeous too. The hotel room was lovely with complimentary slippers! The porters are so helpful and the Ink bar downstairs is pretty cool too. I would stay there again it was beautiful.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Janet11
<Content>Perfect place to stay       View of our room  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>K&J-TRIP
<Content>Great Hotel We took an 18 hour flight from New York and got to the hotel at 8 am. Its great that it is right on top of the city hall MRT station, made it very convinient to move around, especially with all the rain in december. They checked us right in, looked at our exhausted faces and threw in extra breakfast coupons. Let me tell ya, the breakfast there is awesome. the choice of fresh fruits and juices alone is worth it. we to try a number of new exotic fruits like mangosteen (no relation to its more famous namsake), rambutans etc. The room was very clean, well kept. service was excellent. The location is fantastic it is across from CHIJMES, which has a lot of late night eateries etc.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>londonexecutive
<Content>Not the real Raffles If you're expecting The Raffles you'll have to go across the street. The Raffles The Plaza is a modern high rise, connected to the Swiss Hotel and on top of a massive shopping centre. It's very pleasant if you like huge hotels. The French restaurant at the top of the Swiss Hotel (in a complex called The Equinox) is very tasty. Staff are attentive.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tegk68
<Content>Does the job and more       Our Raffles Inc bedroom  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>BUNGALION
<Content>Perfect This will be short as this hotel was perfect.Great room overlooking pool with balcony.Really nice pool.Great restuarant.Excellent Buffet Breakfast.Superb location.Only very slight moan would be the cost of the drinks from the pool bar.They were way too high.Having said that I would stay at this hotel again and again as it was really great.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mn3
<Content>Outstanding This hotel was fabulous! Every member of staff went out of their way to help you and give that little bit extra. The room was fabulous with a lovely bathroom and balcony. The swimming pools were wonderful and perfect after a hard day of sightseeing.The location of the hotel was excellent, particularly as we were only there for a short time. It was opposite the Raffles Hotel (they have a great bakers for a v cheap yet substantial breakfast), opposite Chjimes with it's restaurants and bars and adjacent to a shopping centre. It was a short walk to Boat, Clarke  Robertson quay.The hotel were very efficient and gave us a late check out without charge, they even came in and cleaned the room on the last day and gave us extra towels etc as they knew we were only keeping one room for the late check out!Outstanding service and excellent facilities!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>destinycalls
<Content>Loved Raffles Having read reviews submitted to TripAdvisor we specified the South Tower.The hotel was fabulous. The staff were extremely helpful. We had a room on the 23rd floor. The views from the balcony were stunning. The room was spacious, well appointed and clean, the bathroom was immaculate - all glass. One of the lights in the bathroom began flashing but within a few minutes of phoning housekeeping someone arrived and changed the bulb.Bottles of water were supplied free of charge every day. Breakfast was served in the room (not an extra).We had booked to have breakfast included but when the bill arrived the breakfasts were on the bill as a separate item. I explained to the receptionist that we had booked inclusive but was unable to prove this as it was not on the email received from Expedia. She took the charge off the bill immediately.The lifts were very efficient -we never had to wait more than a few seconds. The hotel is very near to both restaurants and shops. Definitely five star!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BabsSC
<Content>Great Hotel Loved the Plaza! Had stayed here years ago when Westin owned it. Was not disappointed at all. Our room had a great view of the Esplanade (shaped like Durians). The room was spacious, husband loved the bedside controls. The bathroom and shower were awesome. The glass sink made a mess though, water all over the glass...The only complaint was the price of the breakfast which was around $S75. I can eat, but not that much.A tip: we went to the little grocery store in the bottom of the Raffles Mall and got fresh sushi and fresh rolls from the panaderia located adjacent to it. Unbelievable. Location is the best; MRT, waterfront, Merlion, Raffles Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wirggley's dad
<Content>An Outstanding Experience My wife and I have just returned from 12 days in Asia. We took a tour starting in Hong Kong. We were booked into Raffles the Plaza for three nights. Staying at this hotel was pure pleasure. The room was very adequate in size, spotless with outstanding amenities. There was nothing to complain about and I only wish that all of my future stays in hotels will be as good.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Teutonic
<Content>Perfect We stayed here on route to NZ for 2 nights and it was absolutely perfect. From the initial walking in to cool air and fountains, to the enormous reception area and friendly staff. The room was totally immaculate, tastefully decorated with an amazing view. The bathroom was fantastic - large, with a waterfall shower that we didn't want to get out of. The hotel had a very well equipped gym, with running machines, free weights etc and 2 beautiful pools which we spent a good few hours by. The hotel sits on top of a very impressive shopping centre with numerous restaurants, while a huge food court is just over the road. It is almost next door to all the fun of the old Raffles so you can waste money buying overpriced, but very nice Singapore Slings and throw peanut shells all over the floor. If there was a downside it was the walk into the city district but cabs are so cheap that really is not an issue. I actually cannot fault this hotel at all, very rare for me and have given it 5 stars, even though I think other Tripadvisor members are too quick to give the maximum. I will stay here every time I go to Singapore, without fail.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>berni725
<Content>Loved Raffles Plaza! I recently stayed at Raffles Plaza and I was more than impressed with the hotel. I upgraded to the North Tower for an additional $25 dollars U.S and it was worth every penny! The view from my room was amazing. I was able to see the harbor area and the Merlion. I had room service and food was great. I almost didn't want to leave my room. The ammenities were outstanding also. It's also centrally located which is really nice to the Raffles Mall and MRT. I would definetely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mrs_J_Bradley
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed here for the last 2 nights of our honeymoon. It's a nice hotel but was definitely the poorer relation to the Raffles Hotel next door but I guess it depends what you are looking for.Raffles the Plaza is the modern sister hotel to the original Raffles and has a real business feel to it.The spa looked gorgeous although pricey and the location is pretty good with shopping centres in abundance.Cabs are cheap in Singapore so getting around the city wasn't a problem. The Szechuan Court  Kitchen restaurant was really good and the hotel overall was very smart.Mr and Mrs Bradley  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>debzee
<Content>a real treat I was a mum on her own with an 11 year old daughter. We got a taxi from the air port with no problems, a Mr Henry Chia [--]. when I stupidly didnt not have enough cash on return journey he said pay me next time you visit! he confirms my faith in man kind again. so some one else please use him. I will next time and pay my dues!the hotel was clean friendly and luxury, bath robes, air condtioning that didnt make noise and was just right. breakfast to die for, we ate at 9am and were hungry at 4pm! no we arent the size of elephants. nothing was too much trouble. it is next door to the Raffles hotel. you can walk from the hotel to shopping centre with out going out side too. please use the pool it was a real treat in such hummidity. we had breakfast round the pool one morning too. really well situated for shops, use a bus, the staff will let you know which one you want and it was about 50p any trip.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Benjybobber
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at Raffles the Plaza for 6 nights and had an excellent time. The staff were extremely friendly, particularly towards the children. The pool area was great, with two good sized pools and plenty of sunbeds, although sunbathing was a little difficult due to the height of the two hotel towers overlooking the pool. We were upgraded to the Raffles Inc floor and had access to the lounge for guests on that floor - though I couldn't really see the point of it as it was always empty and the breakfast served in the restaurant had a much better choice. The Hotel is well located to access the city. There is a MRT station in a shopping complex attached to the Hotel. Taxis are extremely cheap and probably more convenient. We would definitely stay at Raffles the Plaza again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ivo_k
<Content>Not so top hotel       bedroom  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SilvanR.
<Content>4-star Hotel We actually planed to stay at this hotel for 5 night, but after one night we checked out immediately. We hoped to stay at a good hotel with good quality, but the hotel was like a factory. Nothing chharming is there; facilities have n't got any quality!Staff pretended to be friendly...All in all: Quality of a 4-star Hotel, prices of a 5-star hotel!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Larryfrom aus
<Content>Great Hotel! Stayed two days (July 17 and 18, 2006) and would have like to stay longer! Excellent hotel, good staff, large room with view of the harbor and very well appointed. We booked this hotel through Singapore Airlines Stopover program and thought that it was very good value : approximately $400US for the two nights including terrific buffet breakfasts and airport transfers.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manutd47
<Content>class hotel we went as a family of four,2 adults and 2 teenage boys.as we spent 5 nights at this hotel we were upgraded to the premier executive club rooms.we had requested adjoining rooms and managed to get them as it is more convenient when you have children.the rooms were excellent in quality throughout and could not be faulted.we were on the 14th floor and had views to the concert hall and marina bay.again we booked full breakfasts which included anything and everything,it was a great way to start the day.with the upgrade we got it entitled us the the use of the stamford and the raffles itself and any meals could be linked to one account,also free afternoon cocktails and the use of the amrita spa at a discount.the staff were top class and went out of their way it assist with any queries you had on the hotel or singapore in general,all you had to do was ask.we would definitely stay here again,perhaps even try the raffles itself as an alternative  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Experience at the Raffles The Plaza Stayed here for a few nights for my honeymoon  had a wonderful experience. This hotel is centrally located  links to a shopping mall. Very convenient. We upgraded our hotel room to the new wing  was definitely well worth it. Liked the fact that there was security when we got up to the elevators where it takes up to our room. Rooms were immaculately clean  good view. Very modernized. Bathroom was beautiful.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kizzypoo2
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Room A lovely hotel. Our room was large and luxurious. Sleek and modern and centrally located, and the price was excellent. An amazing spa and pool (I even signed up for an intense yoga class). Just across the street from the famous Raffles Hotel, and connected the Raffles shopping plaza. What a wonderful hotel! We鈥檇 highly recommend a stay at the Raffles Plaza.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MoodyR
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location!       The sink area  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>huxper
<Content>Big City Hotel.       The hallway leading into the room  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bowdenj
<Content>Fantastic Full Service Hotel       Room 1301  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elprimoe
<Content>Loved the place, the room and the staff.       View from our room  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cannigia
<Content>We will return We spent our 40th Wedding Anniversary at the Raffles Plaza. We were upgraded to the Grand Room and a lovely surprise awaited my wife in the form of flowers, chocolates and wine. The room was superb with 2 balconies. One overlooking the famous Raffles Hotel and Chymes. Breakfast was best taken at the restaurant and was excellent. Location is perfect for tripping around Singapore with the MRT next door and inexpensive taxis on the doorstep.Looking forward to our return visit.Mel  Maureen Scotland.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gabchong
<Content>Go to the spa Stayed there recently for a night. Room was quite large. Had three beds in my room because had requested for a higher floor and that was all they had. Lovely spa products in the rooms. The Spa is lovely. Apparently they spent quite a bit on renovation and it shows. The gym is great and the sauna/steam/jacuzzi are well maintained.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dreaming_of_Elysium
<Content>Fab stay at the Raffles Plaza, fantastic value for money! We arrrived at the Raffles Plaza at a very busy time of day around 6.30pm and the checkin staff were all busy and little queues had started to form to check in at the main desk. My friend and I were very tired after an early flight from Sydney and were very relieved when Berm on the adjacent customer service desk beckoned us to check in at his desk. He took great care to check and fulfiil our requirements and searched untill he found a very nice room to which he gave us a complimentary upgrade, and extended our check- out time to 3pm without charge as we had a midnight flight back to the UK. We had a lovely deluxe room in the South Tower which had the most fantastic view of the esplanade, harbour and sea, just the view that every weary newly arrived visitor yearns to find when opening the curtains (which incidently opened by remote control from a little panel by each bed). The window was truly enormous floor to ceiling and wall to wall with a balcony. The rooms are ultra modern as is the foyer and the bathrooms have to be seen to be believed with glass basins and shelving, and the most lovely rainfall shower that drenches you and is really refreshing  Raffles own toiletries that were relaced reqularly. A nice touch was the daily compliementary bottles of water in the room and iced water at the pool bar. The pool area was lovely with two big circular pools (shared with the Stamford next door, which incidentaly had all the charm of an airport departure lounge due to the constant coming and goings of air crew who stay there) and at least some of the sunbeds had the sun all day(grab the ones at the Stamford end, by beating the British Air crew to them.) The breakfast was great in the Market Cafet, better in my opinion than the Intercontinental where we stayed on the outward leg of our trip to Austrailia, we didnt fancy the Aligator Pear pool breakfast area as it is outdoor and with the heat and humidity is not ideal. Nice touch to have sound system in the room, try the preset chanel 5 for nice chilled out music to relax to. In my opinion the location is second to none, it is central and convenient for travelling anywhere in singapore with a shopping centre and MRT below. Also right opposite is Raffles Hotel for your Singapore Sling in the Long Bar, but in my opinion the view from the New Asia Bar at the top of the Stamford is the best for a half price cocktail (including the infamous sling) from 3pm till 9pm, absolute bargain! Staff were efficient, friendly and helpfull , and the concerige not as stand offish as at some 5* hotels, we had a good laugh with them. The courtesy room was a great help, we had a key from 3pm when we checked out untill we left for the airport and didnt have to share at all. In additiion you can use the facilities at the Amirita Spa for free , lockers showers steram , sauna and spa pools for free if you are staying athe the Raffles Plaza,( its gorgeous!). We would definately use again, especially at the cheap rate we recieved from AsiaBesthote.com 拢81.00 a real bargain worth every penny as the breakfast was included and really set you up for the day.Food is so cheap in Singapore, about 拢3.00 a head will furnish a banquet at the cheap food courts found in most shopping centre hawker stalls, so unless you are a big alcohol drinker, dont bother with the executive rooms, deluxe is fine . Dont hesitate just book!  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TripadviceUK
<Content>Great location and service       View from our room  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was a Great Room       Hotel Room  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>96ers
<Content>Beautiful Stayed at the Raffles Plaza for 3 nights on the 19th March, 2006. We stayed in the North tower and had a beautiful room with a magnificant bathroom. All glass. Very classy. Our room had a terrific view over Raffles Hotel and beyond as well as across the sea area. Saw the most magnificant sunrises because of the room location. The buffet breakfast that came with the room was simply superb. We ate by the pool the first morning then in the resturant after that as there was more variety and a lot less humid. The staff were very helpful and polite. It was the best hotel we stayed in whilst in Singapore (we stayed in 3 others over our time there).  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1stclasstravel
<Content>Get the South Tower Great hotel. Stayed here for 5 nights with no complaints. Great friendly service from the staff. Be sure to get a room in South Tower which includes a rain head shower. After a long hard day at work, a nice shower is one way to wind down. Has a spa, but I didn't try it out.Good workout facilities with plenty of treadmills, bikes and elliptical machines. A good variety of weight machines and a separate studio for stretching. If you get the breakfast package, the selection is pretty good. Comes with a juice bar. Great service. Always filling your coffee or tea cup. Location is very central to all the different malls that is connected to the hotel, so there is no need to go outside and be exposed to the heat and humidity. There is a food court in the Raffles City Center that offers decent food at really cheap prices. There is an underground link to the Esplanade. The Esplanade has some good restaurants with a water view. I tried No Signboard and had the chili crab. Yum! It's messy, but it's worth it. Be sure to call before going to see if you can get a table. I got there at 7:30 and got the last table right by the bus tray.Funan IT mall located on North Bridge Road is about a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Lots of electronic stores. Be sure to shop around, prices vary from place to place. I found Sim Lim to be cheaper.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>labber
<Content>Superb service and excellent location We stayed for 3 nights while on a quick RTW trip - and it was the perfect place to relax and recharge after India. Service was superb. We had a very good price thanks to a winning bid on Priceline, and so were not in the top of the line room -- but it was still totally wonderful. The bedding was luxurious. We always had ice waiting for us (a plus in the heat of Singapore). When you stay here, you have signing priveleges at Raffles - so enjoy the good life here, then walk across the street for a Singapore Sling at the Long Bar, or partake of any of the delights at Raffles, Plaza, or Stamford.The tea buffett at the Equinox at the top of the Stamford is wonderful for the view and the food. But don't expect a traditional English scones and clotted cream tea. It is a massive buffet that is an excellent early dinner or late lunch. And the views are beautiful.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chris036
<Content>Luxurious, beautiful...and what a view       The outside view - doesn't look much...  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Peejdj
<Content>Best hotel I've stayed in This hotel is absolutely fantastic. We arrived at 7am following an overnight flight from Auckland and they allowed us to access the room straight away without charging us any extra. Stayed in the north tower, the room was excellent with a balcony overlooking the original Raffles Hotel. The bathroom looked a bit tired, but was clean.Service was second to none, although we ended up putting the do not disturb sign up on the door (which had its own doorbell!) due to the frequent visits from staff turning down the sheets, replacing towels and even offering ice for water.Easy access to the Raffles City shopping complex which is adjacent. Breakfast was wonderful, an amazing self service buffet which tasted great and catered for all tastes.On departure they have a hospitality room you can access to watch television, have a shower etc if you need to hang around after you check out.All in all highly recommended. I got a good rate at ---- which worked out at around 拢100 per night - a bargain as I've paid close to that for a night in an average hotel in the UK.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Raffles The Plaza is Great Amazing hotel. Unparalled service. Amazing room with amazing view. DEFINITELY upgrade to teh club level - well worth it. ROoms are huge, access to free drinks throughout day in club, views are amazing, and fabulous breakfast included. One of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. I'd stay here before I'd stay next door at the real raffles.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stylish hotel We stayed at the Raffles Plaza over New Year with our two years old. A delightful hotel, sufficiently different from its more famous brother for you not to think you are making a compromise on Raffles lite. Despite its size, it manages, in particular, not to be too gargantuan. The rooms were a decent size and stylishly furnished. The bathrooms were a delight - clean and modern. The access to the MTR and shopping centre were definite bonuses. Breakfast was a bit hit and miss. Nice service and staff, though. Good value all round. We'll certainly go back.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GlobalRoamer
<Content>Best in its class in Singapore This really is a superb hotel.I'd recommend paying slightly more for a club room - which includes breakfast and evening cocktails for 2.Location is most convenient above City Hall MRT - allows one to avoid being a victim of the Taxi Cartel in Singapore (especially a problem in the evenings when there are just not enough taxis, and they refuse to pick you up off the street - preferring to wait until someone phones so they get the extra booking fee).And the little things in the room - like water, daily chocolates in the evening, toothbrushes...Excellent value too - especially if you are fortunate enough to be able to access a Corporate rate.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent city hotel We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights as part of our honeymoon. It exceeded my expectations in many areas. We followed the advice of many other tripadviser reviewers and booked a Raffles inc room in the South tower. The room was large, beautifully appointed with a view of the cricket ground and was very tastefully furnished. The bathroom was one of the best I have encountered in any hotel. A Bose wave radio and coffee machine were nice additions and the chocolates left on the pillow each night were delicious.The lounge was pleasant and although breakfast selection was more limited than eating at one of the restaurants, in this large hotel we appreciated the intimacy it provided. Only negative was some fellow guests overdoing it on cocktails during the free evening happy hour.The pool area was very average, being crowded and really quite noisy - bit of Club 18-30 feel and a contrast to the rest of our experience. I would, however, recommend a trip to the bar at the top of the adjacent sister hotel the Stamford - we arrived at the hotel at midnight, went straight there and it was an amazing start to a great stay in Singapore.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dawsontraveller
<Content>Above average What a great hotel. Very clean, great location. They change the sheets every day. The breakfasts are great with the pool location being more casual and relaxed. Make sure you check the bar fridge so you don't get charged for items that are not there or you didn't take. Every one in our group had this problem.We stayed in the south tower. The pool is in a nice secluded spot and has great lounge chairs just to sit and read. Found the desk staff very helpful.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GaryinSydney
<Content>Back again to my favourite hotel!       Yours truly on the bed!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DCL_TLV
<Content>the truth about North wing       more view from the room  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dimecius
<Content>Raffles... quite nice and not a bad price Staying at Raffles is quite nice. Have stayed at other major chains, but the North tower is everything a business traveler could want for a reasonable price. I have stayed at other hotels... Intercontinental, mariott, but for me Raffles is everything I wanted for my 10 night stay! I think that the neighboring hotel... swissotel is a little more hip and younger crowd so I think I may check out their operations... nothing wrong with raffles though. It seems to me to be slightly higher end. I think that there are 2 experiences here... south tower is older and not quite as nice... North tower is the way to go. Honestly... been all over the world and Singapore is in my top 5. The other thing you get at raffles is being in the center of the city... shopping mall right in the ground floor, central location, and nice establishment. I highly recomend.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Possibly the best hotel in the world! Thoroughly enjoyed our visit to Singapore and staying at the Raffles Plaza across the street from the classic Raffles Hotel.The rroms were fabulous with electronic controls of the shades, lights, etc from a control box on the side of the bed. The bathroom was one of the most interesting and unique I have ever seen with glass aplenty.The food choices were fabulous and the spa is considered one of Singapore's finest.Great place!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>huxtable
<Content>adequate without being great My wife and I have just stayed here for 7 nightsI belief the following will help future travellers1. upgrade to a room in the South, new refurbished wing. These rooms are very good, bathrooms are magnificient with raindrop shower and white clean surfaces. Balconies with views either of Raffles, or the Harbour. The harbor views are superior, we were fortunate enough to stay in both room types.2. unless you are a business traveller or enjoy the pleasures of alcohol, you would be wasting your time and money getting a raffles inc room, for access to Raffles club3. breakfast is worth getting !There are three sites you can go for breakfastFor shere variety, the market cafe on level two of the south wing is the best4. Service throughout is below the standard I am used to in other Singapore hotels. This was the poorest off all 7 hotels I have stayed in Singapore. We got the clear impression from the service particularly at Raffles lounge ( see 2 ), that unless you were a business traveller of frequent customer, you were not worth as much care/concern5. the pool is pretty average for a 5 star establishment, and was always packed, I think this was because the pool is shared with the Stamford6. In terms of value for money, there are most certainly better hotels, eg fullerton, Intercontinental and the Ritz Carlton  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>AlexSanJose
<Content>Excellent  Based on other traveler's recommendations, stayed at the South Tower. Ended up staying a month and highly recommend the hotel. As others have mentioned, the South Tower furnishings are much newer. Ask for the higher floors for a better view. The rooms have floor to ceiling windows with a balcony that you can walk out on. The drapes are electrically controlled from the bedside. In fact all the lights in the room can be controlled from the bedside. Oh yes, the bedside control also handles the airconditioning. There is complementary a coffee maker. The closet has lights that turn on when the door is opened. The closet also has a safe and has robes and slippers to use. The bathroom has a dryer, a shower and a separate tub. Newspapers are delivered daily.The internet is extra and can be purchased by the day, the week or the month. I went for the weekly rate. The TV - not much selections, just one HBO station.My room came with the daily buffet breakfast. The buffet has a large selection, of western (omelet station, bacon, eggs, potatoes), pastries, Chinese, Japanese, fruits/cereal and wow a juice bar where you tell them what fruits to grind and voila - a juice combo of your choice.For cheap eats, the hotel is adjacent to a shopping mall where there is a very inexpensive food court on the second floor - cash and asian only. If you want western, then lower floor of the mall has various things like Subway, etc. Other restaurants in the mall, Hagen Daz ice cream, coffee bars, Indian food, Italian, Japanese, etc. The lower floor also has a supermarket if you want to get drinks or other stuff you want to bring to your room. And conveniently, the lower floor also has the debit/atm machines for getting cash.Around the hotel. Adjacent to the hotel is the Swissotel the Stamford that is connected via the mall. The Stamford is the tallest hotel in Singapore. And the real Raffles Hotel - The real colonial looking hotel is across the street from the lobby. The Chijmes bar area is also across the street. Lots of bars and different kinds of food. An Irish Pub for a pint of Guiness to middle eastern to Argentinian.Connected to the mall is the entrance to the MRT (train system) via an underground entrance. There is a whole world of shopping underground too. During the hot and humid weather above ground, the shoppin underground is cool. Walk the underground all the way to the Esplanade by the Bay about a twenty minute walk. An evening walk to see the harbor lights is recommended. If you go to the top of the Esplanade Theatre Building, you can take beatiful Night shots of the harbor.The river is only ten minutes if you walk above ground.The staff of the hotel is very helpful. They promptly provided an AC adaptor to convert my laptop plug for the room AC receptacle. The hotel also provided a large security cabinet to store my expensive equipment - no charge.Staying long term, laundry can be very pricey. The staff did not mind recommending a local laundry service that airline staff used. The service picked up and delivered to the hotel and charged half the hotel rate. And nicely enough, the hotel staff allowed the service to charge your account!The hotel is a very good value. Not as plush as Las Vegas or British Grand Hotels but something you cannot go wrong with.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Durnin
<Content>Best ever Travelled to Australia in Sept visiting Singapore on way out. Had been visiting trip advisor site on a regular basis before travelling and decided to stay in the Raffles Plaza. It was the first hotel we stayed in on our trip and definitely the best. We were in the South Tower which I knew from other reviewers was the better side. It was sheer luxury!!! The room was huge. It was like a suite. The facilities were excellent, the view was lovely and the service was brilliant. The beds were so so comfortable and the breakfast came a close second to my best ever which was in Buenos Aires last year.I would highly recommend it. We only stayed there one night. It was also such good value and very centrally located.The only drawback was the weather! It was raining! it was just like home!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a fantastic place       Executive lounge  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed at Raffles Plaza on the first leg of our Honeymoon for 2 nights. We had a lovely welcome and were offered an upgrade to a Suite on account of our Honeymoon, however it was onto a Smoking Floor and we wanted Non-Smoking so we stuck with the room we'd booked which turned out to be lovely. It was in the South Tower - which is the newer block.The accessability to the shops and MRT was super, and the friendliness and attentiveness of staff was excellent. The location was also very good for exploring Singapore. Breakfasts were also brilliant with so much choice.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sunny1234
<Content>Mouldy Airconditioning System       Is this dust?  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>r40jfm
<Content>End to a great holiday Fantastic end to our trip to Australia. We stayed in the north wing on the 23rd floor. The room had great views and facilities, however we felt the rooms were a bit on the tired side and needed a little TLC. Staff were excellent and could not have been more helpful.We booked the hotel via the internet and felt we had good value for money.Next time we might try for the other wing.Try the reflexology at Nail Evolution on the 2nd floor of the Raffles City Shopping Centre (within the hotel complex) great value and treatment for a special price of S$28.Overall we would not hesitate to recommend the hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MelbourneGirlie
<Content>Loved it My husband and I spent three nights at the Raffles Plaza and it really added to our experience of Singapore. The location was fantastic for getting around town (very close the MRT). I thought the rooms were gorgeous for those who like the clean minimalist, modern style of room and the huge shower head was fab. I would second comments of others that the South Tower far exceeds the quality of the North Tower- not even comparable really. We also loved spending time around the fantastic pools and would really recommend a dinner at the Equinox restaurant in the adjoining Swissotel Stamford, if for the 70th floor views alone.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dissapointing Hotel My husband and I stayed in this hotel for a week for our honeymoon.I used to love this hotel, but since the change of managment, things are not that great anymore. First of all, they give us a smoking room even though our reservation is for a non-smoking room. Secondly, the aircon is not working. I don't even bother with changing room with all the wedding stuff i have to see to. We just sleep with the windows open. Better than sleeping in the smoke-fill room. My parents when they visited us at the hotel, they even commented that the room is stuffy. Thirdly, when my parents-in-law arrive from Vancouver for our wedding, they give them a smoking room too even though we ask for a non-smoking room. They give us an upgrade after we make a complain. The service is so-so, though i would like to thank the person cleaning our room. Even though we refuse room service one day, he insisted he gives us extra towels, shampoos and good stuff so that we will not run out. Nah...i will not stay there again if i return to Singapore, my parents' HDB flat is way better.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hazel
<Content>Great hotel My new husband and I stayed here on our way to Vietnam. We stayed for 5 nights and it was fantastic! On check in, we arrived at 6am, a bit frazzled after a 12 hour flight straight after the wedding and were given a room on the 17th floor. We had been told before arriving that we would have to pay for the night before to be able to check straight in but we weren't charged in the end. They provided us with a bowl of fruit on our first night. Each evening they would turn the bed down, leave delicious chocolates and turn the Bose stereo to play classical music when you arrived back - nice touch. The breakfast was exceptional, there was too much to list. I fell for the dim sum while hubby couldn't get enough of the American pancakes with ham and syrup. mmm. Good entertainment too - we watched a waiter drop a full tray of plates and the toaster caught fire another morning. You can also have bfast by the pool. The hotel is connected to the City Hall MRT which made getting to and from the airport a breeze for less than a pound each way. Singapore is a beautiful city, get out and do as much as you can, but I would recommend the luxury of the Plaza any day!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Karena_Italy
<Content>Fantastic hotel... but get the renovated rooms I've stayed at Raffles The Plaza twice, once in the South Wing and once in the North Wing. From my experience, the room that I was in the South Wing far, far, far exceeded the quality of the room in the North Wing. The South Wing room was really classy, full of glass, had an amazing bathroom and shower, beautiful bed and couch... right out of a magazine really. So I was expecting the same this June after I convinced my sister and her boyfriend that it was the most amazing place. Sadly I had to take my words back a bit when we were given North Wing rooms (on the 8th floor). It was still of a fairly good quality, but you could tell that the carpeting was a bit tired, moisture had been taking a toll on the bathroom door, and they had shower curtains in the bath instead of a shower compartment. I hate those. Still, the high level of service was the same, nothing was too much trouble. Breakfast buffet was quite good. The best part of it is the location of the hotel... right at City Hall MRT. So all in all, I'd give this hotel a 5 star +++ rating for the fancy room in the South Wing and a 4 star for the room in the North Wing.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ALJones
<Content>Fantastic first stop for a honeymoon This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The room was fabulous (fab bathroom and huge bed) and the staff were very helpful. The facilities are excellent. You can't beat the location - 10 mins to Boat Quay, lots of shopping Mall's near by. I would definitley stay here again and would recommend it to anyone (especially as a stop over on the way to Oz).  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>enr12
<Content>Poor service There are two wings in this hotel and the older wing that has not been remodel should be avioded. I've stayed at this hotel when it was a Westin, and it has not measured up to the reputation of the Raffles since being taken over. The faucet in the tub was driping and could not be shut off. I called the service express and was assured that it would be taken care off and nothing was done. I made no less than 4 calls over several days, and even told the individual that made up the room, and he place a call too with no response. I finally did get maintance up to the room, and they slowed the leak down, but could not stop it completely as he indicated that the whole system needed to be changed. I thus spent much of the night for four days hearing the dripping water.On my check out day at the crack of dawn at around 5:30am, I called for help with the luggage, and proceeded downstairs to check out, leaving my wife in the room to await the bellman. After checking out, and waiting for an additional 10 minutes I walked over the to bell desk to inquire about my luggage, and was shocked to hear that no one had notified him that we needed help with the luggage, so he rushed up to pick up the luggage.This is not in keeping with the expected service of a Raffles Hotel.The lobby is pleasant, but few chairs to relax in. The location is excellent, being next to a shopping mall, and right above the MRT. The rooms were good size, but showed its age. The Swimming pool was very comfortable, and out doors. The health club was excellent, and has a good assortment of machines.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>soornoor
<Content>Real Luxury Hotel ! I stayed in this hotel 2 times first was in 2001 and second one 2004 and its the same luxury with excellent rooms and services and location ! but its expensive , in my opinion its Worth it . and if im going again to Singapore i will stay there again .  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sc_UK
<Content>Pleased with The Plaza After doing a lot of research and reading a lot of reviews I decided to stay at Raffles The Plaza for a 7 night trip in late May. The hotel is in a fantastic location, right next to Raffles Hotel, above a metro station and (good) shopping centre, and in the middle of all the action. It's a short MRT trip to Orchard Road (but I didn't really spend a lot of time in that vacinity), Chinatown and the business district.The room was a Premier Deluxe (ie North Tower room) and very nice. Exceptionally clean and modern, like the rest of the hotel. Towels changed twice daily, which was a real necessity in a hot and humid place like Singapore.Can't recommend the hotel highly enough. A perfect combination of style, facilities, location and value. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service, great location, great value The location -- I love how the hotel is connected to a nice mall, which is also connected to the City Hall metro (MRT) station. There are ten restaurants in the same complex, as well as a supermarket and drugstore in the mall downstairs. It's just across the street from Raffles Hotel and also across the street from Chijmes, which is a complex with a dozen or so restaurants with good atmosphere.The service -- One morning, I forgot to turn off the privacy light on the way out. So they didn't do the cleaning, but I came back in the evening and turned it off before heading out to dinner. Lo and behold, after I came back from dinner, the room was cleaned! I was amazed at their attention to detail!One thing I would recommend if you're thinking about staying here is to ask for the newly refurbished side of the hotel -- the South Plaza, I believe it is. I'm staying in the South Plaza and it's great. But if I hadn't asked the front desk for the nicer rooms, they probably would've put me in the older tower.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Good Value This hotel was a very pleasant surprise. It has good service, a very good gym and great views and bathrooms. My kids loved the rainfall shower and the modern, glass sink. Best of all, the hotel is in a great location, across from Raffles, next to two interesting malls and more in the center of things than other Singapore hotels I've stayed in. (For example, earlier in the week, we had stayed in the Ritz Carlton Millenia, which was in a much deader neighborhood. Although the Ritz Carlton had nicer rooms and views, and a better pool area, I personally greatly preferred Raffles the Plaza, primarily because of its location.) This hotel is also a very good value. It's not a ultra luxury hotel, but it's very, very nice, particularly given what it costs.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Barbarella
<Content>Wonderful hotel, great location We stayed at Raffles the Plaza 9-13 February this year and had a wonderful time. Our best decision was upgrading to an Executive Room which meant we could breakfast in the Executive Club which was a quiet and relaxing start to the day, and also enjoy the 'happy hour' from 5 - 8pm with free drinks and canapes, which we took full advantage of! Superb service in Executive Club with special thanks to Sara - you deserve an employee of the year award. Our room was madly luxurious, with the best hotel bathroom we have ever seen. There were a couple of small niggles though. The lighting system was controlled by a master switch by the bed but it seemed to have a mind of its own. We asked housekeeping to fix it, but it still didn't work so we gave up. And when we arrived, the TV remote plus one bathrobe were missing, and in spite of calling housekeeping twice it took them over an hour to supply the missing items. As my husband wanted to catch the evening news, he was not best pleased. The location of the hotel could not be bettered. It is built over a shopping centre and and MRT hub station so you can get anywhere you want in air-conditioned comfort (well, it can get a bit packed at weekends!). We bought an EZ Link card at the station which you can use on both metro and buses - very cheap and efficient, though taxis are a bargain as well.Glorious Raffles it just opposite the hotel - we had the obligatory Singapore Sling in the Long Bar and a wonderful romantic dinner in the courtyard. Singapore is a shoppers paradise but check prices at home if you are thinking of buying electronic goods - you may not get such a bargain as you think. We bartered long and hard over a video camera but found when we got home that we hadn't made such a huge saving and you can't return it if you have a problem.Do visit the Julong Bird Gardens (by MRT and bus) and the Botanic Gardens especially the sublime Orchid Garden. The Night Safari at the zoo is a must as well. You can book a trip like we did, but you don't have time to fit everything in so we would recommend public transport/taxi. And it took us over an hour to return to the hotel as we were the last to be dropped off - no fun at 11.30pm. There is so much to do and see (and spend your money on) in Singapore, four days was not nearly enough. We will be back - and we will definitely stay at Raffles the Plaza.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EmmaNewZealand
<Content>great hotel once you upgrade We stayed here in March 2005 for 5 nights. We arribd late at night and the room we originally got was on the 6th floor of the North tower despite asking for a room in the south tower when our travel agent made the booking. The room was awful- it had not been refurbished and the whole floor smelt damp and musty. The bathroom had mould on the tile grouting between the bench and wall behind the sink. So the next day we asked to be put in the south tower- we had pay another $50 S a night but it was worth it. The room we got was on the 20th floor and overlooked the Raffles Hotel and the city beyond . The bathroom was modern and had a glass basin and benchtop- the monsoon shower was wonderful. We had delicious breakfasts every morning out by the lovely pool. We used the gym and the Amrita spa- all top class. Teh location was awesome and there is even a supermarket int he basement of the Raffles shopping centre- handy for buying water and snacks.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LHill
<Content>As good as it gets. This is a superb hotel, in every way. We stayed at the beginning of March, 2005, and found the Raffles Plaza to be the equal of any 4 or 5-star property we have stayed at anywhere in the world. Where are you going to find a Sony television and Bose radio in a hotel room? Breakfast in Cafe Mix provides a dizzying array of choices to suit every taste. The staff are excellent, location a brief 2 or 3 block walk through the historic district to the river or harbor, and only 4 or 5 blocks from the bargain markets of Chinatown. Previously in Singapore we have stayed at the Four Seasons, also a top hotel that we enjoyed, and, 25 years earlier stayed in the Ava Gardner suite of the original Raffles, when it still had its slightly shabby old colonial style. It is just across the street, and of course entirely renovated.For us, Singapore will now always be the Raffles Plaza.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RickyBon
<Content>Outstanding Hotel - Highly Recommended My fiancee and I stayed here for 3 nights in March 2005, and I can say that this is without doubt the best large hotel that we have ever stayed at.The levels of service from the moment that we arrived were unbelievable. Everyone was friendly, helpful and polite. I had booked a Premier Deluxe room in the South Tower and had requested a king size bed (which you are told on booking cannot be guaranteed). On arrival, the receptionist was highly apologetic and explained that she was unable to find a king size room for us, and so immediately upgraded us to an executive suite in the South Tower. We couldn't believe our luck, yet the receptionist kept thanking us for our understanding! The room on the 22nd floor was sensational - an amazing view out over the original Raffles hotel and for miles beyond, incredibly comfortable beds, widescreen TV, a brilliant touch of a Lavazza expresso machine and to cap it off, the best hotel bathroom I have ever seen with a glass sink and fantastic raindrop shower.The Amrita spa in the hotel was free to guests and the facilities wonderful. Massages and other treatments were excellent and all very affordable. The hotel pool was also excellent.I cannot emphasise how good the location of this hotel is. It is attached to the huge Raffles City shopping complex close to its MRT underground station for exploring the rest of the City (Chinatown, Little India and Orchard Road only 2 or 3 stops away), and is next door to the great bars and restaurants of CHIJMES, with the Raffles Long Bar across the road for the essential Singapore Sling. On checking out at 1.30pm, we mentioned to the receptionist that we were not flying out of Changi until the early hours - we were immediately offered ongoing free use of the spa facilities until 11pm and our own hospitality lounge. A lovely touch when most hotels just want to get rid of you!This is the first hotel at I have stayed at where it feels as though every small detail has been thought of - I will be staying again and would highly recommend it to all other users.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Let's set the record straight   showReview(3225664, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LittleBritain
<Content>Luxury but no atmosphere   showReview(3012326, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great hotel   showReview(2979515, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel   showReview(2846704, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmanfrede
<Content>excellent   showReview(2846696, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>atcer28
<Content>Great hotel, great location   showReview(2787874, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected more!   showReview(2611630, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Low key luxury   showReview(2575357, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for Business   showReview(2143079, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Happytiler
<Content>A good choice   showReview(2071925, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶уソ銇嶃仾銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(21745266, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇°倗銇ｃ仺鍓查珮銇嬨仾   showReview(21744864, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ApprenticeGardener
<Content>绔嬪湴鎶滅兢銆併儞銈搞儘銈广€佽Τ鍏夈仺銈傘伀渚垮埄   showReview(19780979, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel, gute Lage   showReview(17437018, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sensationell   showReview(13978255, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇儹銈便兗銈枫儳銉?#x201d;   showReview(19166723, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儍銉曘儷銈恒€€銈躲€€銉椼儵銈躲€€銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷   showReview(19163032, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儍銉曘儷銈恒€€銈躲€€銉椼儵銈躲€€銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷   showReview(19162542, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儍銉曘儷銈恒兓銈躲兓銉椼儵銈躲兓銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷   showReview(19162184, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇с仚   showReview(19161866, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes, zentral gelegenes Hotel   showReview(11432911, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱仭銈夈伄銆併偄銉冦儣銉儻...   showReview(19929021, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋兗銉愩兗銉撱儱銉笺倰鎸囧畾...   showReview(19924340, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儍銉曘儷銈恒兓銈躲兓銉椼儵...   showReview(19921266, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠ュ墠銇偊銈с偣銉嗐偅銉?..   showReview(19921199, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寤虹墿銇叆銈嬨仺鍒ヤ笘鐣屻伀...   showReview(19917168, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

