<Author>Thundermx
<Content>Lovebly Hotel in Seattle !!       Silver Cloud - Seattle 3  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bandits1
<Content>Great Place, Great Time! So I could not decide between Inn at Harbor Steps, Westin, Hyatt, or this property. I cannot say enough great stuff and how I chose the perfect property for families. We booked a suite, which was like an Embassy Suites Style, Huge Room, super clean, divided living room from Bedroom (son slept in Living Room). Breakfast was nothing amazing, but It was plenty and filling- Bagels, Waffles, Sweet Breads, Juice, Coffee and more. Great Shuttle and location. Will Stay here again!!!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>blueeyes1981
<Content>Loved It!!! CLEAN.. Spacious room, very reasonably priced, shuttle service was excellent, and the location was great. Next time I'm in Seattle I will definitely be back at the Silver Cloud Lake Union!!!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>skoolmarm
<Content>A great hotel with the advantages of a B We (2 adults, 1 infant) stayed there for about a week. Our room was clean and spacious and included a gas fireplace and a lake view. The decor throughout was neutral and tasteful. The service was outstanding and staff were very kind in helping us with things we needed for the baby (portable crib, extra towels, etc.) and for ourselves. We made a lot of use of the shuttle service to and from downtown. The stops are convenient, the service very friendly and they even had a carseat for our little one to sit in. The breakfast buffet was more than enough to fill us up for the morning and we enjoyed the all-day hot drinks service in the lobby. The 24-hour pool was great in the middle of the night when we were awake due to jet-lag. The complimentary guest laundry (washer/dryer on most floors) was really handy and meant that we didn't have to bring a lot of extra clothes since we knew we could wash our stuff and the baby's things during the week. We brought our own detergent but I think the gift shop might sell single packets of powder for those in need. One negative of the hotel is its location; there's really not much in the area. Okay there are a few restaurants but not really for families or casual dining and not enough to keep you going for a whole week. There are really no other shops or cafes in the immediate vicinity. A supermarket or convenience store could be found within a 20-min walk but not closer than that. It's not a bad or dangerous neighborhood by any means, just kind of devoid of commerce. Oh, and hardly any restaurants even deliver to that neighborhood. It's just outside of the delivery range of most downtown restaurants and the few that do deliver in that area aren't very good. We were advised against some of them (reputation for yucky food) and the others that we did try were pretty awful all the same (cardboard pizza, overly-greasy stir-fry that caused bellypains). So if you're not prepared to get in the shuttle and/or drive somewhere for meals, or if you need late-night sustenance, you might end up out of luck.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	5	5	

<Author>deedums_d
<Content>good service Wasn't sure about the area at first but better than expected. Local restaurants along the road in walking distance. Shuttle service to 3 locations in downtown Seattle which was great. Hotel was clean and breakfast was enough of a choice to keep us happy. Comfortable stay and good service.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jake3_14
<Content>An excellent local hotel chain I didn't know what to expect from a local chain, and I was very pleasantly surprised to have all my expectations met. The king bed and armchair-ottoman combo were comfortable and in good repair, lighting was plentiful, the floors were well padded (good for my morning stretches), the wireless internet access was trouble-free, the room ventilation worked well, and the showerhead was unclogged (little things count!). The in-room microwave and refrigerator were godsends, allowing my wife and I to economize on our meal expenses. The continental breakfasts included some protein as well as grains (I eat low-carb), so the hotel gets bonus points for that. The hotel even has a nicely equipped gym, with cardio, machines, dumbbells, and stability balls, so I could do complete workouts.The complementary computer room (with printer) was a novelty for me, and I appreciated it when it came time to print our boarding passes.The one time we requested housekeeping service -- paper towels at 7:30 PM -- they were at our door within 10 minutes. The room was always immaculate, even though we left later in the mornings, after the housekeeping staff made its first rounds. The desk staff was courteous and attentive.Being close to I-5, the major north-south highway here, is a plus, although the one-way streets around it require some learning.The price was very reasonable, too, considering all the amenities. The Silver Cloud chain pays attention to the big and small things, making our stay here very pleasant. We would definitely consider staying here again on our next trip to Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sierra225
<Content>Pleasant Surprise on edge of Downtown I had looked at the Silver Cloud on line, but chose a cheaper hotel closer to downtown. The other hotel was less than expected, so we called and switched. We were pleasantly surprised at everything. Parking was included. The pool was indoor, heated and nice. Breakfast was wonderful with lots of choices and in a very pleasant room with a great view of the lake and the seaplanes, looking toward the picturesque hills across the lake. The room was a little larger that a standard hotel room and the chair converted to a single bed, making the 5 of us very comfortable. The TV was a large flat screen - nice. Our view was just of the buildings behind, but if you get an upper floor on the lake side, the views are gorgeous. We took the hotel shuttle to a Mariners game - very convienent not to have to drive. I wish I had known how much we would have enjoyed our selves here and stayed longer.I think on the map, the location looks far from the center of town, but that really isn't the case. We found some of the streets downtown to be a little seedy, so unless you are on the waterfront directly, or at one of the pricey boutique hotels, avoid the cheaper rooms a few blocks from 2nd St. A few more blocks and you are at Lake Union, just behind the Space Needle, actually very close and with the shuttle service, you won't have to worry about finding parking. Then just relax and enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mmarshel
<Content>Loved the Cloud We were in town for the weekend and tried the Silver Cloud for the first time. Awesome stay. We have two young children and they loved the pool. It was walking distance to many fine restaurants. The best part of the stay was the shuttle service. We parked our car for weekend and never used it once -- that to us made the weekend even more pleasant. The front desk was helpful and polite. The shuttle drivers were great. Kudos to all the drivers. The beds were O.K. and rooms were clean. The breakfast was very good and well stocked. Great way to start the morning. Would definitely stay again but only if the shuttle service was running.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shesails
<Content>It depends on what you're looking for Uncomfortable bed, no safe, heater smelled like burnt toast, otherwise everything was fine.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>screen9
<Content>Very Pleased We were very pleased with our stay at the Lake Union Silver Cloud hotel. We stayed three weeknights and felt right at home. The room we reserved was a suite with a view and were located overlooking Lake Union. Watching the activity on the water which included many seaplanes was entertaining. There are excellent restaurants within walking distance and very pleasant and safe grounds to walk around. The staff was excellent as well as the breakfasts. We had one issue where there were no sheets on the hide-a-bed, but the manager (Jay) was very professional in correcting the issue. We definitely plan to stay at this establishment again in the near future.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>MikeC52
<Content>Great Place to Stay We completed our Northwest vacation with three nights in Seattle at the Silver Cloud Inn. It could not have been better for the price, convenience of location and hospitality.Paying the extra for the lake view was worth the price as has been previously recommended. We agree.The breakfast each morning was fantastic and very popular over the weekend. The free shuttle the hotel provides is a great convenience as well.Overall we were very pleased - the room was clean, updated and roomy with a couch and sitting area. Also a free washing machine and dryer were available on the floor. Wonderful!If you are looking for a high rise downtown hotel experience this would not be your choice -- if you are looking to get a little out of that scene and stay nearby in the Lake Union area - this is the best possible place.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Musiclover9
<Content>no gray skies at this Silver Cloud I stayed at the Silver Cloud in mid-July , having selected it based upon the TripAdvisor.com reviews. It was my first trip to the beautiful city of Seattle. Silver Cloud Inn is a wonderful, spotlessly clean hotel. The staff are instantly cheerfully available. The room is nicely designed and well equipped. I was traveling alone but noticed many multigenerational families and I would imagine that his inn meets the needs of all ages. The swimming pool is extremely clean and open long hours. The complimentary shuttle to various points is a huge benefit and money saver, although public transport in Seattle is moderately priced and extensive. The buffet breakfasts were perfect for someone like me who does not require a lumberman's special, plenty of fresh fruit, yogurt, cereals, bagels, a waffle maker. There is always free coffee in the lobby.I really liked the Silver Cloud Inn tremendously and wish that they were also located in New England, my home.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fishingfamily2008
<Content>Very nice Hotel       Zoomed in view from our 6th floor room.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dbtraveler58
<Content>Excellent Hotel I have only good things to say about the Silver Cloud Inn- Lake Union. The staff was extremely friendly, the continental breakfast was quite convenient and the shuttle bus was fabulous. The shuttle runs from 7 AM- 11PM M-F and 9AM-11PM during the weekend. The shuttle runs about every half hour. The shuttle drops you off near the Pike Place Market, in Pioneer Square by the underground tour, by the Space Needle and near Safeco Field (where the Mariners play). The area around the hotel is quiet and I felt quite safe. You can always have dinner by the Pike Place Market or somewhere else downtown. However, if you would prefer to have dinner near the hotel, there are numerous restaurants (Duke's- I loved it, Joeys, Chandlers Crabhouse- a bit pricy, Blu Water Bistro and a steak house).  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MidwestEmptynester
<Content>One of the best! We had never stayed in a Silver Cloud hotel (it's a west coast chain) but liked what we saw online. Got a good rate and asked for a non-smoking room, the highest floor we could get. We only booked for one night, just to be on the safe side. We ended up getting the best room in the entire place (ask for Room 745). It was on the top floor, southwest corner and was a king suite, which means it had a separate room for the bed (love the cushy linens!). The living room area had a gas fireplace, a flat screen above it (there's one in the bedroom area too), a fold out loveseat, deak, mini-fridge, microwave, dishes, bar sink, French doors that open to a view of the harbor and even the Space Needle! There is no balcony, but a railing so even while you're standing in the room you feel like you're outside. Because we were on the end, we also had windows to the south in both the living area and the bedroom area. Two sinks, tub/shower... On Tuesdays there is an appetizer/wine/beer reception from 5:30-6:30, and every day there is a nice Continental breakfast in a great 3rd floor room that has outside balcony seating. Plus, there is a pool, exercise room, business center, free internet, and a free shuttle that takes you to Peyton Square, the Space Needle, or Pikes Place Market. It leaves every 30 minutes and will pick you up to bring you back with just a phone call. Talk about service! We added an extra night to our stay and would have stayed more but we decided to head up to Canada. A gem. Oh. And ask for Christine at the desk.. She was fabulous.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tnncs
<Content>Silver Cloud really is as great as all the reviews say       Space Needle from room  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SJ46
<Content>Great value - Much improved fitness area We have stayed at this Silver Cloud before and returned because it is great value for what you pay. The view over Lake Union is spectacular and worth the little extra we paid for it. Parking is secure and if you have a van or SUV you can park it on the upper level where the parking spaces are larger and actually designed for these larger vehicles. If you have stayed at a Silver Cloud hotel before you will know that they have a very good breakfast each morning that is included in the cost of your room. The breakfast area is very family friendly as is the whole hotel. Great place for families with kids.This is a 100% smoke free hotel which we appreciate. Also, it has been two years since we stayed at the Silver Cloud Lake Union and the biggest improvement I noticed was to the fitness area. They moved it from a tiny little room on the first floor to an outstanding room on the 3rd floor. It has lots of first-class equipment and three TV screens to watch while you are working out. My only complaint was that the mats in the fitness area were very thin and not very useful. I guess you could use two or three at once when you're doing your stretching. Aside from the mat issue though this was probably the best hotel fitness area I have seen in a long time. The hotel is also in a good area for runners or walkers and I noticed quite a few runners out by themselves which is always a good sign from a safety perspective.The shuttle service is also included in the cost of your room and will take you to downtown Seattle. We are a family of four and the shuttle service (a 10 or 12 passenger van) took us to Seattle Center, then picked us up later when we phoned for it. I'd suggest tipping the driver a couple of dollars as they do save you a lot of hassle by navigating the Seattle traffic on your behalf and save you having to pay taxi fare.The hotel is located just a few minutes from Interstate 5.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>NorCal_Traveler_10
<Content>Pleasant last-minute surprise We arrived in Seattle late on a Thursday afternoon with no idea of where we'd be staying until our flight out on Saturday.We pulled off of I-5 and logged on with a laptop to see what was available.Based on other Trip Advisor reviews, we chose the Silver Cloud on Lake Union-- which happened to be less than a mile away from our offramp.We were delighted when we arrived. The fax of our reservation got there a minute or two before we did. We were given an upper floor room with a view of the lake and the weather was spectacular.The rooms are large and clean. The free continental breakfast is served in a nice location which also has a view of the lake. Restaurants are about a half-mile away, but you can also ride the new Seattle streetcar (South Lake Union Trolley-- SLUT!) which takes you to the center of downtown shopping, monorail, etc.Pool, spa, free coffee at all hours. Great place.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KR0745
<Content>Silver Cloud great for families We stayed at the Silver Cloud in June of this year.We found it to be a great hotel for families.We stayed in a suite with french doors overlooking Lake Union.We loved watching the float planes on the lake.The Breakfast area was beautiful, large and overlooking the lake as well.We appreciated the shuttle service, very convenient.One night we had a problem with the bathroom toilet, the hotel promptly sent someone up, fixed the problem, and took the whole night's stay off our bill! Our room was comfortable, clean and spacious.We love the feel of the hotel, very family friendly.We would stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>csh824
<Content>Nice clean rooms-Good location. We just returned from Seattle where we stayed three nights at the Silver Cloud Inn -Lake Union. I chose to get a room facing the lake and am very happy I did as it was nice to watch all the boats and the seaplanes. The bed was very comfortable and the room nicely configured with a desk, a small sofa and coffee table, a large flat screen TV under which was a cabinet containing a fridge and microwave . The bathroom was very clean and nice-also very nice to have the extra sink outside the bathroom. The rooms were very quiet-no noise from the hallway or rooms next door. We used the public transit to get to the hotel and to get around town-very easy with the bus stop right outside the hotel, also the South Lake Union Streetcar stops just a short distance away. We also used the hotel shuttle- very convenient. The continental breakfast was very good and served in a very pleasant area. All in all I would stay there again-although I would chose a time when the rates were lower. I thought it was a little pricey-especially when you have to pay extra for a view.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>CathyDan
<Content>Great Hotel! Great hotel, will def stay there again. The rooms were big  clean, fridge  microwave came in handy, free breakfast was great  free shuttle to/from Qwest Field was very convenient!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pdxsparky
<Content>Good Value We've stayed at this Silver Cloud Inn on several occasions, and can highly recommend it. The location is excellent -- close to freeways and downtown Seattle -- and the comfort and value are top-notch.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>tedandbarb
<Content>great location Hotel is conveniently located and has many pluses.  Breakfast - good selection Shuttle service - convenient  prompt service Free parking  local calls Helpful staff Great restaurants in walking distance Nice bed linensNegatives: Inadequate gym but they are opening a new one soon Inadequate storage in rooms, could use bathroom cabinet or drawers and larger dresser  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stevenr35
<Content>NIce views, good hotel. Not my first visit to the Lake Union Silver Cloud Inn. Staff are always incredibly helpful and polite: a real plus to the hotel. The rooms are a little basic (certainly there's no luxury here,) but they are completely serviceable. No bar or restaurant in the hotel but there is a shop where you can buy essentials and charge them to you your room. There is a continental breakfast provided which is reasonable and very popular and included in the price of the room. There's a pool (never used it) and a very small fitness room (one treadmill) but at the time of my visit they were busy expanding the fitness 'centre' which I think was long overdueThe location is slightly out of the way of downtown (for example, you can't do one of those van shares to the airport from here) but there is a great new tram service taking you to downtown which terminates right outside the hotel. But Seattle isn't a big city so being 2 miles away from downtown isn't a big problem. A real bonus is the fantastic free hotel shuttle service to downtown and the Seattle Centre (and some other locations). So the hotel isn't luxurious and not necessarily cheap given the accomodation quality, but all the little extras they provide make it worth checking out as a hotel when in Seattle. Do check out the lake view rooms as the view is fantastic.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>cfieldguide
<Content>Great Little Hotel We just returned from a great weekend in Seattle. The Silver Cloud Inn was part of this great experience. Our room overlooked Lake Union and we enjoyed watching the sun set over the lake and the boats in the harbour.The room was very clean and comfortable with a large plasma screen tv. which impressed my husband. The staff was friendly and helpful. We certainly enjoyed eating the complementary breakfast in the lovely well appointed breakfast room which overlooks the lake. The breakfast offered included waffles, bagels, cereal, yoghurt, fresh fruit, juice, etc. Unlike many hotels, this hotel offers free secured parking.The hotel has a free shuttle bus that runs every half hour into down town Seattle. It drops off and picks up at designated places. There is also a tram car just a half block from hotel that goes into the big mall downtown. For price, location, and amenities this hotel has it all.We will definitely be staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ForTheWeekend
<Content>Decent Hotel, Good Breakfast We chose this hotel based on the Trip Advisor reviews and on the price (they were offering a slight discount, but I think the price was still a little high for what it was). The room was a good size, but I wouldn't exactly call it a Deluxe Water View King Room. The view was nice when we were sitting on the bed because we were far enough away from the window to avoid seeing the commercial buildings and the street below. The location kind of sucked, except that it was a quick shuttle-ride/drive into downtown and it was a short walk to Dukes Chowder House (fantastic food, good service, kid-friendly) along a pretty little boardwalk. The free shuttle was great. The driver was very nice, they had a car-seat for our toddler, and they left the hotel every half-hour (this has obviously changed from the once-an-hour departures of last December). We were excited by the big-screen tv in our room, as we were hoping to watch a movie on it - the only problem was, the movie I was dying to see wasn't working properly (the desk attendant said it had been watched too many times). The best part of our stay was definitely the continental breakfast - had yummy self-made waffles with strawberry sauce and yogurt, the coffee was decent (we liked that they offered free coffee in the lobby - wasn't always hot, but better than having to make it in our room), and it was a bright and spacious room. We also liked that the hotel had it's own tiny convenient store.So, although our initial impression was a little disappointing due to the not-so-scenic location and thanks to an unfriendly and unhelpful man at the front desk (he had absolutely no interest in giving me any tips about the area and didn't smile once), our over-all stay wasn't bad at all.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>uwis66
<Content>Very satisfied; would stay again We selected the Silver Cloud Inn Lake Union based in large part on its excellent reviews on tripadvisor.com. We wanted one of the hotels on Lake Union because we were attending the Seattle Boat Show.The Silver Cloud Inn turned out to be an excellent choice. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was quite large and very clean and comfortable, with a lovely view of the lake. The breakfast (included in the price) was fine -- it's a serve yourself buffet. There aren't alot of choices, but it served our needs perfectly.One huge plus for this hotel is the shuttle bus service between the hotel and downtown. When it's not too busy, they will even take you to or pick you up at a specific downtown location, wherever you might want.The ONLY negative we found was that there is no bar in the hotel and you can't even buy a bottle of wine in the sundries shop. But, there are plenty of places nearby, so it probably won't matter to most people.We'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Flxible
<Content>Cool Place Nice nice nice. Comfy, clean, and well staffed. We will truly be back to this property soon.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kaypo
<Content>Very Good! Just returned from a 5 night stay here and it was a very pleasant stay. Staff was friendly, shuttle was a plus. Wasn't very crowded, maybe since it is January as was most places we visited wasn't crowded as well. Free parking can't be beat. Our room,(5th floor) was quite spacious and clean. Our view consisted of building construction and I-5 overpass, no biggie as we were gone most of the day. Good food less than 10 mins. walk away. Have to try Duke's clam chowder, the best! About the only minus is 2 nights I went downstairs to get of coffee and they were out. Also one morning during breakfast, they were out as well. Breakfast is so-so, basic.The breakfast room as well as the lobby is cosy . Family with children will be disappointed that there is no kids channel except PBS in the morning but other than that good selection of channels . All in all, you won't be dissapointed.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AT1955
<Content>Perfect Location, Great Service I have stayed at the Silver Cloud on several occasions and never had a single problem. I finally decided I should write a review. This is a great location if you want quick, easy access to downtown Seattle.I did not have a car so I used the hotel shuttle service, which was excellent.The staff is super friendly and the rooms are clean and nicely done.All in all, it is just a great hotel. I don't even bother looking at other hotels anymore.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kjb3751
<Content>Great Experience We have stayed at the Silver Cloud - Lake Union a few times the last couple times and have had a great experience each time. The staff is always very professional and courteous. The rooms, the morning breakfast and shuttle service are all great and add to the whole package. I would highly recomend this hotel to everyone reading this.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happylodger
<Content>Exactly What We Needed The Silver Cloud Inn on Lake Union meets all expectations--excellent staff, nice breakfast, clean rooms, great shuttle service, secure parking, close to great restaurants/bars/busline, etc. A great place to stay. We stayed there for several nights while our home was being repainted. My son loved it and keeps asking when we are going back to live in the Silver Cloud!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scottymack
<Content>Silver Cloud Inn - Never Disappoints We stayed here after a long flight home from LA.Before the flight we stayed near the airport and just had an awful experience. So we decided to just go with what we know for the trip home. Yes, it was about a 20 minute drive from the airport, but at least we know what we are getting when we stay at any of the Silver Cloud Inn's. A clean comfortable room. With beds you can just sink right into. I love that the parking is gated, not that it's going to stop someone who is really bent on breaking into your car, but it was nice.The 24 hour pool was great to come to, since our kids were just wired from the flight, and it was a great time to just go down there and let them relax.We got up too late to enjoy the breakfast, but if it's anything like the other ones we have experienced at other Silver Cloud Inn's, I'm sure it is wonderful.If you are looking a clean comfortable room with great customer service this is the place to go.We will definitely stay here for our next trip to downtown Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>AliJen
<Content>Awesome Staff!!! My girlfriends and I used the Silver Cloud for my bachlorette party last July. The staff was outstanding! They brought us up extra glasses to the room. The free shuttle made our time hitting the city that much better without one of us needing to be the D.D. The staff was just wonderful! Told us all the best places to go, and made sure that anything we needed we had before we even thought to ask. I can't praise the front desk manager (Christopher Greenway) enough! He really went the extra mile for us!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GuinnessGuy
<Content>Good family place Based on previous reviews the Silver Cloud LU didn't disappoint at all. The 24hour pool/hot tub was a nice treat for the kids after a late arrival. The room was nicer than our room at the Sheraton Downtown two weeks ago and the Aveda toiletries were better. But the highlight was the huge lovely breakfast room -- the food was good (hard boiled eggs a nice plus for vegetarians) but the room is great. Lots of big windows and a variety of seating. Extremely comfortable. We were disappointed that the shuttle only ran every hour instead of the half hour but it was still convenient and the free parking is a bonus. We'd definitely come back.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jennlben
<Content>Wonderful Customer Service! My husband and I were looking for a little alone time. He just came back from Iraq and we needed a night out away from the kids. The service desk was so helpful...giving us great ideas about where to eat and some local favorite hangouts. We had a wonderful evening, even got to enjoy the hot tub since it's open 24 hours. The next morning, we had an amazing breakfast---it wasn't just donuts and coffee! An actual breakfast was available. We then went to the Seahawks- Bears game... (Silver Cloud has a shuttle...and saved us $40 on parking) We are Bears fans so it was a sad day for us. Other then the Bears Game---which wasn't Silver Clouds fault that they lost..the trip was priceless! A big thanks to Christopher Greenway...he works there and really made our stay extra special! If you drop in say hello to him!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lobbster
<Content>Great choice, central location My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights this past weekend on advice of a friend! We were extremely happy with the hotel, and its central location. The breakfast is great, and the business center and pool are open 24hrs, and everything is included in the price including internet use and parking. A great value. Great restaurants right across the street. Would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JFMCL
<Content>Very good hotel This is a good quality hotel that is does all the necessary things well at a reasonable price. It is a slightly out of the centre of town but the shuttle bus provides an efficient service and I would recommend the bistro across the road for an excellent evening meal. The room was quite large and had every thing you need and the staff were both efficient and friendly. The elevators were a bit slow and the alternative one left you in the car park but this is a minor problem.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bend_Road_Trip
<Content>Nice Room The Silver Cloud Lake Union is a nice hotel. The room was spacious and comfortable. Nice amenities (refrigerator, microwave, wet bar, coffee pot). Nicely decorated, a good-sized bathroom, everything was clean and well kept. The bed was very comfortable. The rate was a bit high but this is Seattle. If you need to stay in the Lake Union area I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>uratargetmarket
<Content>Amazing breakfast with huge bedrooms This was the highest standard hotel I stayed in whilst in America and Canada. The rooms are just simply enormous...we didn't know how to fill all the space. The breakfast is also amazing. Maybe standard for American visitors...but for English people I was just staggered by the range of doughnuts and muffins and the fact that I could make my waffle myselfStaying out at Lake Union definitely gives you a different side to Seattle and it's really quiet by the harbour. However again being an English person, the free taxi service the hotel offers obviously isnt free as you have to tip...and tip higher than by British standards. Apart from that I highly recommend this hotel for the price, very warm in winter and very helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kate014
<Content>glorified travelodge       Lake Union view- ie separated by buildings  a 4 lane road  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	3	5	3	3	5	

<Author>quetzal
<Content>Tripadvisor gem The Tripadvisor reviews prompted me to book a 2 night stay at this hotel. The outside appearance is misleading - inside: very nice staff, clean rooms, and efficient downtown shuttle. The breakfast ( yes, the waffle iron is a fun touch) is available early 6:30AM and was also good. Definitely recommend.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travellightMinnesota
<Content>Good Location........Good Hotel Enjoyed our three day visit to Seattle. Since our son would be staying with my wife and I, we booked a suite. It was particularly spacious with flat screen TV and fire place in the sitting area with the fold out sofa. Price of $209 per night was very good considering that it was only a few dollars more than the Marriot properties in the area were charging for regular hotel rooms.Location and views over Lake Union were wonderful and only noise was from the seaplanes taking off and landing outside our door........lovely to watch.All amenities that could be imagined, hotel in good updated condition. Don't be fooled by the exterior which is probably from an older 60's style property....this is a gem inside !  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>traavel74
<Content>Very good inexpensive hotel I have had roughly 10 stays at the Silver Cloud Lake Union between January and September 2007 due to work travel. I can write that it is a good hotel to stay at in Seattle if you are looking for something within a few miles of downtown in the sub $150 per night range. Parking, a hotel shuttle to downtown (a cheaper alternative to taxis) and breakfast are also included in the rates which I would think makes it a great pick for those in Seattle for a few days that want to keep their costs down.That said, I feel it is my responsiblity to write that the free breakfast scene always appears to the equilvalent of the first 20 seconds when a pinata explodes at a birthday party for 8 year olds. There are many random families eager to get their money's worth and willing to climb over each other to get the last bagel. I avoid the breakfast room and go hungry if necessary.Breakfast room aside, the hotel rooms are adequate relative to the price and always clean and the staff has always been helpful and efficient. For those that value fitness facilities, they consist of a small room with a treadmill and an elliptical machine. But, you can always run around Lake Union which is across the street and is a great alternative.For comparison, I have also have several stays at the similar Homewood Suites. The location is probably not as good, it has larger rooms, and is often priced at $189 per night. The Silver Cloud is probably a better option if you don't need to stay downtown, want something clean and want to pay around $150 a night or less.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TravelMomMN
<Content>Great hotel for precruise stop We arrived on a Saturday morning and were fortunate to be allowed to check-in early. The front desk clerk was very friendly and effeciently checked us in while providing key highlights about parking and the shuttle.We were impressed by the clean room with lots of pillows and the comfortable beds. I liked that they provided Aveda shampoo, conditioner and lotion in the bathroom. We did take advantage of the free shuttle to get to the Space Needle for dinner. It worked very well as we made reservations for the 4:30PM shuttle to make it for 5:00PM reservations and called for the shuttle after dinner to see it arrive in the 15 minutes as promised. The breakfast was great. We liked the boiled eggs, fresh hot waffles and other items. The breakfast room was cozy with lots of natural light despite the fact that it was raining outside the whole time. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gr8Outdrs
<Content>A great place for an extended stay My husband and I just had a very pleasant 5 night stay at the Silver Cloud - Lake Union. It was our first stay at this hotel chain and we will definitely use them again. Very clean and pleasant facilities. Surprisingly nice amenities incl. pool with hot tub (outdoor pool was closed, but indoor pool was working), huge FLAT SCREEN TV in our King Suite room, free laundry machines on every floor and a decent continental breakfast (incl. waffles, oatmeal, hard boiled eggs, and the usual muffin/bagel assortment). If you eat the breakfast (which everyone does) don't be late b/c they close down RIGHT on the dot. I am a light sleeper and was awoken by some street noise from our room, which faced the back of our hotel b/c there were garbage trucks going down the street, but ear plugs did the trick. Location was out of the bustling downtown area, which we prefer. Lake Union is lovely, and there are plenty of restaurants within walking distance. Also, the complimentary shuttle is PRICELESS. We also used the public bus which stops right out front. If you are there on a Tuesday, don't miss the weekly happy hour reception which featured a live band (!!), open bar and food.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	3	5	4	4	

<Author>JayPDee
<Content>Excellent facilites but nothing outstanding We stayed here in a group of four and shared one suite. Although the room itself was pricey, once you figure the rate per person it works out pretty good value.For extra privacy in the room you could pull a divider across, effectively splitting it in two. Each half of the room had its own TV but to get to the bathroom from the one half you had to walk through the other bedroom.The breakfast was reasonable with the highlight of making your own waffles. The waffle machine seemed to confuse some people, this in itself was quite amusing to watch...The indoor pool was a relaxing rest after a few hours touring downtown. Plus any review must mention the free shuttle that takes you pretty much anywhere within downtown and, if you're nice, slightly off track.Overall a pleasant stay and would consider staying again.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>margiemhu
<Content>Great hotel  We spent a long weekend at the end of July at the Silver Cloud on Lake Union. We were very impressed with the room - larger than average and very clean. We had asked for a crib and they delivered one within a few minutes of our check-in. The employee who delivered it even offered to set it up. All of the employees we dealt with were pleasant, helpful and very professional, no small feat considering we were traveling with our very active, noisy 2-year-old. There is free internet in the lobby. The breakfast was simple but good - the waffles were awesome.The 3rd floor lobby where they serve breakfast has a lovely balcony overlooking the lake. I'd recommend the hotel to anyone, particularly those traveling with children.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>AZFamilyOf4
<Content>would definitely stay here again! We stayed for 4 nights at this hotel with our two children and had a wonderful stay. The rooms were roomy and clean. The kids enjoyed the indoor pool area, though for some reason the room was quite hot. The free shuttle service to downtown attractions is a wonderful way to avoid hassling with the heavy Seattle traffic. The location across from Lake Union was very pleasant, and we enjoyed watching the sea planes and sailboats from the nearby waterfront area. As others have mentioned, the hotel can be a bit tough to spot at first, so we were glad our GPS knew how to find it. One final caution - if you drive a large vehicle, you will probably find the parking spaces to be quite tight.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>pmorena
<Content>Superb in Seattle We booked a night at the Silver Cloud Inn because they offered a free shuttle after our cruise arrived back in Seattle. It was a bonus to learn the shuttle was available for other destinations as well. Hotel staff recommended that our grandchildren -- ages 3, 8  10, would enjoy the Pacific Science Center rather than the Children's Museum and they were right! The shuttle brought us to the Science Center and then picked us up. We were able to walk to Duke's Chowder House for a delicious dinner and enjoyed a very nice hot and cold Continental breakfast the next morning. The room was very comfortable and it was a pleasure to have two sinks in separate areas. After a week of cruising without access to a computer, it was also nice to find their business center offered internet access and free printing. The Lake Union area is beautiful!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>londontothemax
<Content>Enjoyed our stay If you're looking for a good alternative to a downtown Seattle hotel this is it. The front rooms have views of the lake, there are good restaurants within walking distance and the shuttle bus the Silver Cloud operates is a great bonus! We didn't have to drive our car into town and try to find parking rather they dropped us off and picked us up at the end of the day. Great service. All in all a good stay at a good price and great service.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>LADWhitePlains
<Content>Comfortable but a bit quirky The hotel is built on a very steep hill. As a result, the hotel's twobanks of elevators are separated by a garage entrance on the first floor. The elevator in the main lobby is a bit slow. Access to the parking garages (one is on the first floor,the other on the second with separate entrances) with a vehicle requires a skilled driver and the spots are very tight. Rooms in the back do not have a view of Lake Union, only those in the front, but our room was comfortable and a bit larger than most. If you can settle for the view at breakfast only, you might prefer the lower rates offered for the back rooms.The location of the hotel is excellent, Lake Union is directly acrossthe street and the hotel is a just a few minutes to all thedowntown areas of Seattle.Breakfast is served in the third floor lobby with a wonderful view but there not enough tables to accommodate everyone and late comers will need to sit on an lounge chair or a sofa. The waffle makers are wonderful but a line forms during peak times.Overall this is a lovely spot, a comfortable and convenient hotel in an up and coming neighborhood of Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>z_portland
<Content>Usually perfect We have stayed here multiple times and its usually great. I highly recommend spending the extra $ to get a view room - the view of Lake Union is really beautiful. The breakfast is very nice, not outstanding, but good. The beds are excellent. The last time we went, we arrived with our two kids ready to swim, but the pool was closed for repair! We were very upset since this is the main reason we go to this hotel. They offered to take a small discount off our room and said we could use their sister hotel's pool. However, their shuttle was booked. So we drove over to the other hotel. Their pool was fridged. We swim often and I think this is the coldest pool I've tolerated - we felt like we had to stay and swim a while for the kids and since we drove all the way there. Five days later on our return trip, we called and the pool was fixed, so we stayed there again and had a great time. I love this place.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Principal Traveler
<Content>So-So Experience I recently stayed for six days at the Silver Cloud on Lake Union for a week-long symposium. First the positives: The hotel has a cooperative staff, a lovely third floor view lobby of the lake, a daily newspaper delivered to your room, a continental breakfast that is included, and a cost-free shuttle van service that will transport you to downtown Seattle.The negatives: The rooms are average to say the least- a little worn and small in size. My room had not been thorougly cleaned before my arrival- trash cans had not been emptied. The hotel is not near the center of the city- you need to take a public bus or use the shuttle van to go downtown, a definite negative for tourists. In addition, there is no sign when you approach the hotel from the south- the place is unremarkable and resembles an apartment building (there is a sign on the side of the building which you can only see when you approach the hotel from the north side. In addition, although it was mid-July, the outdoor pool was closed (there is an indoor pool) and there wasn't any patio furniture around the pool.All in all, a good place to hold a meeting but a not-so-good place for a vacation. You may want to look elsewhere !  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>stlouisteacher
<Content>liked the location They have a shuttle that will bring you into downtown, which is very convenient. Very nice staff, and clean hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>shadow6
<Content>Good for Business I spent a week in early July. I was not able to get a King suite but settled on a double Queen. I was not dissapointed however. The room was clean, the service was excellent, parking was great, and the location was very nice.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alaskarat
<Content>Good place to stay! This was a very nice, clean and friendly hotel. It would have been hard to find if not for my trusty Garmin GPS thing. The hotel is not marked very well from the road. Check in was very fast and we had our room keys with in a few minutes. If you come in late like we did parking is tight if there is any parking at all. I did manage to squeeze into a parking space marked for a compact. The continental breakfast was good although it seemed to be a combat breakfast as the poor starving masses descend on to the free food. I used the shuttle service once to go downtown to the market. Leaving on the shuttle is easy, make sure you check with the desk for room aboard it. For pick up you need to call the hotel to get the shuttle to your location, be patient because this could take awhile. Although listed as having an outdoor heated pool it is closed and the hotel plans on turning that area into a work out room thing. The Housekeeping staff was very, very good and patient with us. If I ever go back to Seattle I will stay at the hotel again  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AlbionbytheSea
<Content>Great spot, breakfast and service - mild issue with shuttle First time here based on TA reviews. Taxi from airport was approx $40. Room with view over lake union with 2 queens was approx $200/night. But since this includes b'fast for a family of four, and free shuttle transportation - this was very reasonable. The hotel is well run, very clean and comfortable with a great breakfast (comp'd). The waffles were my kids favourites! The shuttle service is a plus but has some limitations. It runs every 30 mins, but you must schedule your spots, so spontaneity may be limited! Also to get back you must phone and wait - once up to 45 mins in the cold and rain. They have apprx 5 drop spots in Seattle, but in the eve's will generally take you directly to a restaurant. We ate in Seattle at Purple Cafe, Zoe's and then in Ballard at Ray's Cafe. All recommended - see my reviews. Fridge's in room. Pool on site was great - but pool room was hot. Free coffee avail 24hrs in lobby. Hotel took us to Amtrak stn when we needed to leave. Highly recommended. About a 5 min distance from space needle.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Iowacubslover
<Content>Okay but not great for the money vWe had asked for a room with a view and we did get one with a great view.of the lake. The room size was okay but for parents with two teenaers, it was not spacious. There were two sinks outside of the bathroom which helped with getting ready in the morning, There were several things that we did not like about this hotel. First, the employees at the front desk were not friendly. Second, other reviewers have raved about the shuttle. We found it to be a joke. They could not take us when we wanted to go and they could maybe pick us up but we would have to call ahead to check. There was a baseball game that evening which took priority over people who were not attending. We ended up walking to the Space Needle and after waiting awhile we finally got a ride back. The driver did not acknowledge us and was on his cell phone, talking to a friend, most of the ride to the hotel.Third, I know that others complimented the breakfast but we stayed there 2 nights and was at the breakfast each day 15 minutes before they closed. There was very little food left unless you could find someone to ask for more. The area was very understaffed. If a hotel posts an ending time for breakfast, they should have food available until that time!In conclusion, we would not stay at the Silver Cloud Inn again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	-1	4	

<Author>Elliern
<Content>Great Hotel Experience Stayed at the Silver Cloud in Lake Union from Sunday June 24th to Wed. June 27th. We arrived at approximately 2:30 pm. We had reserved a lake view room and were given one on 4th floor, however the view was not good...had a great view of a tree! There were no other rooms with a better view to move to at that time, but the desk clerk asked if we could wait a few minutes until housekeeping was finished cleaning and they could give us a room with better view. Sure enough about 10 minutes later we were given another room with a really good view of the lake. The clerk was very pleasant, answered all our questions about the hotel, shuttle service, etc. We used the shuttle service each day. It left about every 20 minutes. They took us where we wanted to go in the city and we just called to be picked up when ready to return to the hotel. The room was over sized, very clean, comfortable beds, really good lighting and liked the vanity outside the bathroom. Free WIFI in the room plus free business center for printing our boarding passes for return flight. Complementary coffee and a variety of tea available at all times. Nice complementary continental breakfast, with very comfortable seating area with view of lake. Cons: Minimal...no 'true' balcony and railing outside the window did not feel secure. Parking spaces were narrow...but, there were plenty of spaces available so was easy to get slot with no one in adjacent space. It was difficult to find the hotel. There is no sign showing when approaching from the interstate side. Only after passing and realizing we had gone too far, we made a u turn and the sign was very visible coming from that direction. These really are minor complaints. All in all, I highly recommend this hotel. I will defintely stay here again if return to Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>my4sweets
<Content>Great hotel...highly recommend We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. We had 2 queen view rooms with a beautiful view of Lake Union and the space needle!The rooms are adequately sized and very comfortable.The breakfast was great with a lovely sunroom on the third floor to eat in. On Tuesday evenings they had a great reception with live music in the sunroom. It was wonderful!The best part about our stay was the GREAT shuttle service. We parked our car in the parking lot and never used it again because the hotel offers a shuttle van! They drop you off at a designated drop-off point and pick you up when you're ready!They even take guests to Mariners games and pick them up afterwards! I highly recommend this hotel.We will definitely stay here again when we visit Seattle. Seattle is a great city and we can't wait to return!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>another_mother
<Content>Okay for the weekend Arrived after the Mariners baseball game on Friday evening. Check in was okay. Room was smaller than we had anticipated, as we had gotten a suite and it was tight with two adults and two older teenage boys! Parking spaces were SO NARROW that we had difficulty getting in and out of our van. There was not alot of room for error when you were backing up either.Continental breakfast was plentiful with waffles, juice/coffee, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, cheese, bagels/toast, danish, cereal, apples and oranges. It was nice to open up the living area doors to look at Lake Union, but there was no balcony to speak of (BE CAREFUL, those railings are wobbly!)Okay for a weekend stay but we will not stay here again as we find the Silver Cloud Broadway is better for us.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>CalBlonde
<Content>great hotel We had a wonderful experience staying at the Silver Cloud Lake Union. The hotel is very clean, nicely decorated, has a great shuttle service, and is located across from Lake Union.They have a lovely breakfast each morning on the third floor overlooking Lake Union. The hotel is within walking distance to many fine restaurants (Joey's was our favorite) on the lake. We did not have to rent a car because the shuttle was free. It picked us up at the train station and dropped us off at several locations during our stay.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjanes
<Content>Great Value I chose this hotel based on reviews and was very happy with my choice. The great exchange rate meant I only ended up paying 70 per night as I got a weekly rate. A lot of the hotels I looked at in Seattle wanted 100 to 120 per night or more for nothing special. OK so it's a little bit outside the centre of the city but our lakeview room was nice and quiet because of that. We walked sometimes but that wasn't always easy because some of the roads were very busy and hard to cross. We used the hotel shuttle to go out in the morning and never had any problems getting a seat on it. The day we left they even took us to pick our hire car which wasn't one of their usual stops. We also used the 70 bus which stops close by the hotel and runs down 3rd Ave in the city centre (only a short walk from many tourist spots and the shops). Our room was clean and comfortable ( a few more towels would have been nice though) and the staff were friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was one of the better free breakfasts I've had in a hotel. There was free internet access in the business centre and the laundry facilities were free. Overall I feel the price I paid was very good for the standard of facilities provided and I would definately consider Silver Cloud Inn properties if I ever stay in the Seattle area again. Oh, and if you like Thai food I recommend Siam On Lake Union which is only a short walk away.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>KBOOFER
<Content>Incredible View Our stay has been wonderful, beautiful view, friendly staff,shuttle driver, a very nice kid. We appreciated the shuttle service. the breakfast room , another gorgeous view. We will return. Mark and Kim  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>JackinSF
<Content>Good stay, great breakfast We attended a wedding, with a block of rooms held for the attendees. The room was properly equipped as represented and comfortable. There is a pleasant walk along the houseboat community out the front door, accross the street to the right along the path. Also, since we couldn't bring wine as a carry on., we found Pete's market at the bottom of the hill (towards Lake Union) on Lynn street ,out front door to right +/- 1 mile, go left. They have very extensive selection of finer wines.The breakfast on the third floor, included with the room, was excellent. Fresh fruit, pastries, coffees , juices AND make your own waffles-- it was somewhat crowded in the morning, 8:00am, but there seemed to be enough room in the adjacent sunroom. We didn't take the available shuttle and heard from others in our group that it was efficient and timely.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>nsquare
<Content>A nice part of Seattle Our 9 day vacation in the Pacific Northwest ended with a three day visit to Seattle. The city has so many interesting areas I had a hard time deciding where to stay. I am so glad I choose The Silver Cloud Inn on Lake Union. We had an upper floor with an upgrade for a lake view. It was worth it, because at night we could look out our balcony and off to the side we could see the Space Needle. During the day you could watch the seaplanes take off. The Hotel is very clean and the room was more than enough space for the three of us. Husband, wife and 14 year old daughter. The best part of the hotel for my daughter was the make your own waffles every morning out on the beautiful sun room/breakfast area. There were many items to choose from on the breakfast buffet and it was complimentary. My husband and I used the free shuttle service that the hotel offers. We took it into town for the Pioneer Village underground tour. That was so much fun. The tour guides are full of fun stories and goofy jokes. They kept the tour moving right along and you learn a bit of Seattle history. History teachers should be this amuzing. At the end of the day, you call the hotel and the shuttle bus comes to get you! It was amazingly efficient, friendly and free. The hotel staff was very helpful in giving recommendations on places to eat and travel directions. They always greeted you as you came in and left for the day. They seemed proud of their city and their job. The hotel also offers free parking. You didn't need a car to walk to the restaurants along Lake Union. We had two fine dinners at Dukes. Try the halibut...yummy ..reasonably priced and the waitress was so nice to us. You can't go wrong with this hotel. I loved Seatle and got to catch a fish at Pike Place Fish Market.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DowningUk
<Content>Good value and location, but given room next to road construction. Our family stayed here for just one night to experience a little of what Seattle had to offer before our flight out of Sea Tac airport the next evening.We found the hotel clean, well maintained, a good varied breakfast, providing a lovely indoor pool and hot tub and also free undercover locked car parking. Also the location was good as it was just across the road from a marina and wharf.We were slightly let door as we paid extra for a deluxe water view room, however, we were given a room on the side of the hotel as opposed to the front, and from our balcony we could some of the lake, but we were right next to some major road construction to the rear of the hotel. We were woken to the sounds of drilling and diggers etc. We live in the UK, and are used to walking most places. Space Needle is a 15 min walk away, however we found the walk using a pedestrian underpass recommended by the hotel to be unnerving and dangerous, especially as we have children. However, the hotel does provide a regular free shuttle bus to the main sights. We also used the monorail from Space Needle to downtown, and then had a short stroll to the Public Market which really had a good vibe about it. We also took the children to the Music and Sci-Fi Museums which we thought were good value and great for a family on a rainy day.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>scrabblevixen
<Content>Silver Cloud Inn - excellent value for money! For the price, the hotel entirely exceeded our expectations. Although it is a bit of a hike to downtown, there is a free shuttle service, and they are more than happy to both pick you up and drop you off at your convenience. Breakfast was huge, with everything from waffles to a variety of fruit, and the beds were big and comfy. We were initially given a disabled room and the shower wasn't to our liking, but the management was quick to change it and it was hassle-free. My boyfriend and I will definitely be back if we're in the Seattle area again!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lopezluck
<Content>Great experience at Silver Cloud Lake Union My husband, 13 year old son and I stayed at Silver Cloud Lake Union for 5 nights in late March - early April. The room we had was perfect for us...a king size bed  TV, with a separate sitting area divided with pocket doors featuring a sleeper-sofa, micro, fridge and sink, and a plasma screen TV! The reasonable room rate featured a fantastic breakfast, including make your own waffles, several bread and muffin selections, cheese, boiled eggs, yogurt, cereal, fresh fruit and juice...and really good coffee! There was also free internet in the room and a business center downstairs where we printed our boarding passes for the return flight home. The free shuttle was great, took us to all the tourist spots we wanted to see: Seattle Center (Space Needle, Experience Music Project, Science Fiction Museum, Key Arena, etc...), Pike Place Market, Seattle Aquarium, Pioneer Square, Downtown...it runs from the hotel every 30 minutes and can get full, so you do have to plan a bit in advance, but we had no troubles reserving space. The staff were all unfailingly polite and helpful. The indoor pool and jacuzzi were a blessing for us after a long hard day sightseeing. Lake Union is a bit out of the way from downtown, but we liked that. The marina area across the street has a good selection of restaurants and is interesting in itself. We had a great time in this beautiful city, and though cloudy and chilly, it barely rained at all during our visit.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BuccaneerDave
<Content>Excellent Value This is the second time we have stayed at the Silver Cloud at Lake Union. We stayed in a suite and at $139 a night in Seattle with a good complimentary breakfast and free parking this is very very good value. The breakfast was pretty good with enough healthy choices to make for a nutritious start.The suite was clean, comfortable and adequate for a 4 night stay. There were not a lot of extras but enough.The pool is quite good and there are not a lot of hotels in downtown Seattle with a pool.We took full advantage of their complimentary shuttle and pick up service and never moved our vehicle for days. Parking appeared to be quite difficult to obtain judging from the abundance of valet parking services. The shuttle had convenient drop off points and they will pick you up pretty much anywhere in the downtown area.There are a number of good restaurants in the Silver Cloud area and each night we went out to a different one. I Love Sushi was excellent.This is a great value property and in a convenient location to I-5, downtown and REI.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>CamilleJeanPierre
<Content>If you don't use your legs they'll fall off! Overall I liked this place but then I'm more than happy to do a lot of walking as I like to get down and dirty in any new city I visit. The main drawback is that this place is a good 20 mins walk from downtown or any other main areas (apart from Lake Union, of course), and I know that there are a lot of people out there that are a bit reluctant to use their legs out there (if you don't use them they'll fall off, by the way). If that's you then don't go here: stay central. If however you like good value accomodation in a centrally accessable location, with good sized comfortable rooms, and a nice little relaxed buffet breakfast with a view I would highly recommend this place. You might also consider the Silver Cloud in the University district if you are under 40 as the area is a little more interesting for bars and eateries, but about the same distance from downtown. My main gripe would be the poor cheap lighting in the rooms by the mirrors (you can always tell when you're in a higher star hotel - they have good lighting) - they made the bags under eyes look really bad, man! PS - the free wireless is an excellent bonus.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	3	4	3	5	

<Author>Chispada
<Content>Silver Cloud says: Lump It Or Leave It, We Don't Care Most other people seem to have had a nice experience here, and I certainly don't wish to negate that. We saw a lot of families having a nice time. I wish I could say the same, but I cannot. I still feel angry about our experience here--not because a mistake in booking was made, but because the management was so rude about it.The story-- After reading a lot of good reviews, I booked this hotel for 3 adults, requesting a suite on the main floor and a disabled bathroom. (We were traveling with my elderly and disabled mother, who was in a wheelchair.) I did a lot of online research and made several phone calls to verify these points.I was really looking forward to the hotel--the reviews were good and I thought my mom would be really happy. Yet when we arrived, exhausted from a day of air travel and driving, we were informed that our room wasn't a suite, had no disabled bathroom, and wasn't on the main floor. So I asked for the manager--and waited. The manager eventually appeared. He didn't quite suggest we get lost--at least not directly --but he might as well have. His manner and words made it clear that we were a pain and a problem and it was a take-it-or-leave-it situation. I've backpacked in Europe, and roughed it in Mexico and China --- I've never been treated so dismissively. I had the clear impression he was trying to get us to leave. They eventually booked us into another room which supposedly had a disabled bathroom. Did anyone come up with us to see to it that the room was okay? No. Was it okay? No. There was no disabled bathroom AND it was next to the venting outlets AND it smelled unclean. So we went downstairs to complain again--to no avail. We would certainly have gone elsewhere but there was nothing available--believe me, I called a bunch of hotels!!. A few days later they moved us (at our strenous request) to a cleaner room. We were in town for family business, so we put the best face on it and stayed. I felt embarrassed--I had worked hard to find a place where our stay would be pleasant. My mother was also embarrassed--she went a week without a shower and thought the manager didn't want us because she was disabled. I was so angry I later wrote a long letter of complaint to the manager of public relations for the hotel chain. I stated my feeling that errors do happen (good people make mistakes), but in such situations it is appropriate to take responsibility and do what can be done to make your guests feel at home, rather than treating them like something the cat dragged in. The response? A one-sentence sorry there was a problem with your reservation from the management. Hands down, the worst travel experience ever. That includes the pit toilets in China.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>schippk
<Content>Wonderful shelter from a storm In early December of 2006 I booked a room at the Silver Cloud Inn, based on TripAdvisor reviews. We live in the Seattle area so we seldom stay at local hotels, but my husband's office Christmas party was scheduled for December 19 at the Space Needle, and we did not want to bother taking the ferry back home after the party. On the night of December 14, a massive windstorm tore through the region, toppling thousands of Douglas firs into power lines and leaving over a million people without electricity. By the morning of the 19th, we were exhausted from listening all night to our neighbors' clattering generator. My breath condensed in the 47-degree air inside our home as I packed my high heels and little black dress into a suitcase while my husband held the flashlight. At this point, I said, pulling the hood up on my parka, I don't care what the hotel is like as long as it has light and heat.We arrived to find a fairly nondescript midrise building tucked in among the office parks that line the technology corridor on the east side of Lake Union. As advertised, the hotel had free parking in a covered garage secured by an electronic gate. One of the reasons we had chosen this hotel was its free shuttle service to various Seattle attractions, including the Space Needle. The desk clerk told us the van departed every half hour, so we made reservations for 6:30 to get to the party by 7:00. The other clerk was continually fielding phone calls that were clearly from local people looking to escape their dark, frigid homes.I was pleased that the hotel had honored a request for a room on a high floor. We had to negotiate a confusing warren of poorly marked corridors to find our way from the elevators to our room, but everything was spotless, fairly new, and quiet.The room itself was a wonderful surprise. I had deliberately avoided booking a view room because I had not wanted to spend the extra money, but nevertheless our window overlooked part of Lake Union. Strangely, there was a second window that looked directly across a small recess in the building into a nearby (occupied) room a few feet away. We quickly pulled the curtain on that view. Our room was small but not uncomfortably so for two adults. There was a desk with high-speed Internet access, two overstuffed chairs, a coffee maker and and iron and ironing board, which we immediately put to use after packing in the dark. The bed was firm with lots of pillows and beautiful high-end linens. The bathroom was large and new and immaculate if not the last word in luxury. Best of all though, was the gas fireplace, which we immediately turned on to rid ourselves of the last remnants of hypothermia.We showed up in the lobby at the appointed hour to catch the shuttle, and found ourselves waiting along with a large family who were all dressed to the nines. I overheard them grumbling that they were still waiting for the 6:00 shuttle and had restaurant reservations that they were concerned about missing. Finally the patriarch went to the desk clerk and asked her to call the restaurant to say they would be delayed. The clerk did so, ignoring a teenaged member of the family's shouts to tell them why we're late! Next to her, the other clerk was answering phone calls every 15 seconds, endlessly repeating, I'm sorry, we're fully booked. No, I don't know of any other hotels in the area that have rooms available. Finally, at 6:45, the shuttle van showed up and we all piled in, but moments later the driver came around and asked everyone who wasn't going to the restaurant to please leave so they could take the family directly there. Another van showed up about five minutes later and took us to the Space Needle.After the party, my husband called the number on the card the van driver had given us. We stood shivering outside the Needle for about twenty minutes and saw no one, so we called again. It turned out that the driver had gone to a different entrance than the one at which we had been dropped off, and had been waiting for us the entire time. He came around to our side in a few minutes and brought us back to the hotel.The next morning we found a free Sunday newspaper outside our room door. After a couple of cups of coffee by the fire, we headed down to the hotel's breakfast room. Again, signage to the area was confusing, but we followed the smell of coffee and pancakes. Inside the breakfast room was an amazing scene: Dozens of families with children of all ages were crowded around the pastry trays, coffee urns and fruit bowls. Kids in pajamas and bunny slippers were making pancakes in the automated machine while their parents lounged in the easy chairs and watched football on the TVs. In the attached solarium overlooking Lake Union, the grandparents were drinking coffee and orange juice and reading the Sunday paper. It was obvious that the storm had turned what is basically a business hotel into a family room for local refugees. The hotel staff, though clearly overwhelmed during what is usually low season, handled all of it with aplomb, keeping the coffee flowing and the cereal bins filled. We obviously did not experience the Silver Cloud Inn under anything like normal circumstances, but we were impressed with its excellent value and the grace with which the staff handled the unexpected onslaught of storm-weary guests. I would definitely recommend it to the business travelers for whom it is clearly intended. As other reviewers have noted, it is not within easy walking distance to the usual Seattle tourist attractions like the waterfront and Pike Place Market, and the shuttle van service still has a few kinks to work out, but it is clean, quiet (we had absolutely no idea it was jammed with kids until we went to the breakfast room) and an excellent value in an expensive city. The next time we are attending a late event in the city or there is a scary weather forecast, we are heading for the Silver Cloud!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>LynnSanDiego
<Content>Silver Cloud Inn at Lake Union: Very good experience       The 1st Starbucks coffee house  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NettieB
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed at the Silver Cloud in August and Sept 2006. Very good experience, clean and pleasant rooms. Good buffet style breakfast. Staff very friendly and helpful. Free shuttle service into city for sightseeing. Did not have to go into city at night as there were a good selection of restaurants just over the road in Marina area. We would certainly stay here again, when we return to Seattle.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>KGB_4
<Content>Perfect in Seattle My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights in late October. We booked it based on the reviews on this site and knew that it wasn't right in town (which is a huge bonus) - but we like to walk because we feel it's the best way to get the feel of a town.First up - the location is absoultely perfect! There are plenty of places to eat and drink near by - our pick is the Blu Water Grill across the road (say hello to Pat from the Aussies and see if they still have my drink coaster on their wall of fame). A bit futher along are heaps of other restaurants. For breakfast, if you don't wish to do the free breakfast, go the other direction and visit the Grand Central Cafe and Bakery on Eastlake Ave for great coffee and fresh bread (and also visit the other places and shops around Eastlake).The hotel itself was very clean, quiet and comfortable. There is a great business centre for free interent, a little store for snacks and drinks, and plenty of fresh towels every day. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was huge and had everything you need.The walk to the Space Needle or the centre of town is 20-30 mins which isn't bad - but there is the free shuttle and though we didn't use it - it was always arriving or leaving for the other guests so I imagine it would be great.A must do is to go across the road to the Seaplane flights and take a ride (with Jim) over Lake Union, Lake Washington and around Seattle - absolutely fantastic! We would definately stay here if we get back to Seattle! One last thing - find the 'troll' under Hwy 99...  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saribeyaz
<Content>Nice shuttle service. DISTANCEWe were in seattle for a conference. The hotel is close to the convention center, it took me 15 minutes to walk there. convention center is 10 minutes far from the market place (walking distance)..so distance is not a big issue. Shuttle service of the hotel was nice, the drivers were very helpful, all we needed to do was to call and let them know where we were they came and picked up us. We prefered using the shuttle while going back to the hotel. The shuttle was available between 7am-10pm.The hotel is 20 minutes far from the space needle (by taxi) at night traffic, so you pay around 12$. Also, the hotel is very close (4-5minutes walking) to QFC supermarket (fresh food, bakery, drinks...) and close to the other nice little restaurants, like mediterranian food..BREAKFASTok, nothing very special in terms of food - there is tea and coffee service at the lobby almost all day.... nice atmosphere. but again nothing special in terms of food.ROOMSvery very clean! I really liked it! the bathroom, the beds.. everything was very clean. the pillows and the bed were very comfortable..it was a tiring trip but I had a very good rest! The room has fridge, microwave, cafemachine, and a sink- COMPUTERnice internet connection - printer available - but you cannot make change in a word document/powerpoint document on those computers.. they are for very simple uses..  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>MK-Dublin
<Content>Don even think about staying here unless you have a car. After reading all the reviews about this hotel I booked it straight away for a weekend stay in Seattle. I was really expecting something wonderful but really the hotel is just ok. It nothing special. Breakfast is waffles, bagels, bread and cereal - nothing to get particularly excited about there. The free coffee is handy enough but really who gets that bothered about spending a couple of dollars on coffee during their holidays.As we discovered Seattle is not one of those cities that is nice to walk around. The hotel actually looks quite near to the Space Needle but when we tried to walk there the route really looks like some sort of demilitarised zone, with no other pedestrians, four lane highways, pavements with weeds growing out of the cracks and rundown businesses. My visions of a nice stroll to downtown Seattle sadly came to nothing. If you don have a car don stay here, stay downtown. I spent extra on an upgrade for a view of the lake but the lake is really not that stunning so it really not worth spending any extra on that. The shuttle is handy but it recommended that you book in advance and if you are downtown you have to wait for them to pick you up. As we preferred to do things on the spur of the moment we ended up getting taxis most of the time (there is a regular city bus service which runs past the hotel but I would definitely not recommend this after dark). Basically this is just a regular 3 star hotel in a not very nice location. The free internet was handy (especially when we tried to rearrange our flights to see if we could leave Seattle early). The rooms are standard 3 star rooms, absolutely nothing fancy in the way of decoration, however in our upgraded lake view room the bathroom was so small that the sink was in the bedroom and there was no wardrobe - just a space with a rail and some hangers. Reception constantly stank of disinfectant. I always spend a long time on Trip Advisor booking hotels before I go away and it never been wrong ?until now. For the money I spent (including the taxis) I sure I could have found a deal in a much higher standard 4 star hotel downtown.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	2	3	

<Author>bengalz
<Content>great value Well here it goes....my first review ever! My wife, son and I stayed over the weekend and we were all very pleased. As mentioned in other reviews, the free breakfast, parking and shuttle service add great value to what is already a reasonably priced hotel. We booked online the day of our stay and got an unbelievable deal. When we arrived the assistant manager upgraded us to a king suite on the top floor with a view of the water. The staff were all friendly. The shuttle driver was very proffesional and courteous. The breakfast was quite bountiful for a continental. In short, no complaints.  I would also like to mention the warm atmosphere at Dukes on the waterfront. The food was delicious and the service was terrific.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>chrisgene
<Content>Lake Union area is great! We loved this hotel - it has a very home-like atmosphere which makes it nice when you are traveling or on business. The rooms are a good size, the bed was extremely comfortable, nice framed artwork on the walls. The elevator is on the slow side, as others have mentioned...The area where breakfast is served is a great place to start your day with the typical buffet breakfast fare (cereal, waffles, yogurt, fruit, boiled eggs, cheese, etc.). If you want to get out of your room to read the paper later in the day or just have a great view of Lake Union and the seaplanes it's a quiet place to unwind.Instead of using the shuttle I got a map from the front desk and the staff told me the easiest way to get to Pike's Place market. It took about a half hour to get there and was a nice way to see more of the city. We ate at Chandler's near the hotel one night, sorry we missed happy hour, but had a great dinner. Also an easy walk to the Space Needle and Experience Music Project. The bar/restaurant at EMP was good food, friendly staff.Definitely would stay here again and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>raincityfamily
<Content>Good for family guests visiting Seattle My elderly parents stayed at the Silver Cloud on a visit to Seattle to visit us. They loved the hotel. Great breakfast, great coffee available all day. Nice view from their room. Attentive staff. They loved the free shuttle and used it to go to Pike Place Market and the Seattle Center. My son used the pool and we watched a Sea Hawks game on the big TV in the lounge. Parking was easy and free for guests. We will recommend the hotel to friends and relatives visiting Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>somanyplaces
<Content>Pleasant, basic hotel Our stay was absolutely fine - rooms were pleasant enough and very clean, breakfast buffet was typical (waffles, eggs, cereal, fruit), employees were very nice. The shuttle is a definite plus - very convenient both for trips to major areas and surprisingly quick for return trips. We had a room with a water view, but the water view is not really that great - I wouldn't make it a must have by any means. My only disappointment was that I love walking around neighborhoods and this hotel's location does not really lend itself to that.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>234rhc
<Content>Never on a weekend! I booked our stay through Seattlesupersaver.com . They are directly affiliated with the Seattle Visitors Bureau so they were pleasant to deal with too (when I didn't get an email confirmation as it was filtered out by my spam blocker I'm guessing). I have stayed there several times and always enjoyed it. The rooms are spacious and clean. This was the first time we have stayed there on a weekend and a wedding party (not affiliated with the hotel), across the street, had music blaring as we were trying to sleep. After a call to the front desk about the noise we were advised that the music usually doesn't run that late- 11PM and they hoped it would be over soon. We were on the back side of the hotel so the noise would have a lot worse on the lake side, but I will NEVER stay there again on a weekend, so beware. Their free shuttle service to the Space Needle and the Market and all around downtown is extremely convenient and well run.And I forgot to mention the free and secure parking was great.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ninjagenie
<Content>Pretty good but not my favorite We stayed in this hotel while on our honeymoon which was a road trip. I booked 2 nights at this hotel based on the reviews on here, and it seemed like a good value.We arrived and had no problem checking in and found our room to be quite spacious. We had french doors that opened out on to the road, but it was frustrating that there were no privacy shades. It was pretty much either have the curtains open or closed. Since we were on the 4th floor, people could see in from across the street, so a little privacy, as opposed to no sunlight, would have been nice.There are 2 elevator areas, but the 1 elevator by our room was really slow. You could spend 2 or 3 minutes waiting, which for a building with only 7 floors was irritating.The shuttle was okay, we went to the market, and then walked to the EMP and the Space Needle. The first night we were unsure how far away we were, but it only took us about a half hour to walk, and being that it was nice out, it wasn't a problem.We took advantage of the free laundry machines, but there was only 1 washer and 1 dryer for each floor. I ran from floor to floor checking for an open machine, which was annoying. I think next time I'd just pay to have it done by dropping it at the front desk.There is wireless on the 3rd floor lounge area only, and if you want to connect in the room, you have to have your own cable. Since I'm used to wireless, I had to buy a cable in the gift shop for $5. Just was a little annoying as every hotel we've stayed at on this trip (even Days Inns, etc) has had free in-room wireless.Restaurants across the street are great, and we LOVED I love sushi and BluWater Bistro. Stix is also fun for drinks and billiards.I guess I was a little disappointed in the nitpicky details, but overall it was a good hotel for a good price.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>IAvacationer
<Content>Nice hotel, but not fabulous After reading the reviews of this hotel, I was expecting something extraordinary. My husband and I stayed at the Inn for two nights over labor day week. The rooms were smaller and basically appointed. I can not say I was overly impressed with the room though it was clean and the hotel staff was nice. The biggest complaint would have to be the shuttle service. While it is great to offer the service, they need to have more than one driver operating as there are many travelers that are depending on the one van to drive them to and from various downtown locations. I assume the rates we are charged help to cover the cost of this shuttle service and they should investigate adding a second van. There are several really nice restaurants close by including Joey's and Chandlers Crab House. Overall a satisfying stay.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lablovers
<Content>Nice Place We spent two nights here at the end of our week long visit to Washington. Great value! The staff was helpful and attentive. We had a room with a view of Lake Union (beautiful) and found some great resturants nearby. Even though this hotel is not in the hub area of downtown Seattle, they have a shuttle that took us anywhere we wanted to go! Also they'll pick you up whenever you'd like. We would stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RRSAMIC
<Content>Very nice! My family stayed 2 nights at the Silver Cloud Inn in July and it was very nice! The shuttle bus was the best part of the stay. They will take you to the key tourist sites in Seattle. They even took us to the ferry dock for the boat to Victoria!The hotel is also walkable to some nice restaurants such as Dukes Chowder House.Breakfast was also very comfortable with nice picture windows of Lake Union.We would definetly stay here on our next stay in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mcmousee
<Content>Overall quite good! The Upsides:The staff were very helpful. How great that they slipped a note under every door alerting guests to the terror plot uncovered in the night and advised us of changes in airport security policies. This enabled so many guests to make their planes. The free shuttle makes all the difference. They will drive you just about anywhere and then pick you up! So our car stayed put in the free parking lot! We walked across the street and had a large choice of restaurants (avoid the sushi place). The refrigerator enabled us to shop at Pike Place market and bring home goodies for a picnic in our room. The room was good and the bed was very good.The downsides:Though the hotel is right on Lake Union it is across a major high speed road, lots of congestion and busy activity. Not a neighborhoody kind of area. Also the breakfast is an extensive buffet of wheat and fat. Not a single thing a healthy eater would have, well maybe the hardboiled egg. Have breakfast at Pike Place market.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mummabear
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed 3 nights at the Silver Cloud after a tour of the northwest and it was a lovely place to end a fantastic holiday.We had a beautifully furnished bedroom with two queen beds which were really comfortable. Our room was on the 7th floor and had a great view of the lake - it was wonderful to wake up in the mornings seeing all the seaplanes take off. The room was immaculate, as is the whole hotel. We used the outdoor pool after a day of sightseeing which was really useful.The hotel has a shuttle which takes you downtown - they even took us to see a baseball game! - so efficiently run and so useful. They offer a good complimentaty continental breakfast and free coffee in reception and all the staff are very friendly and efficient. The hotel is in a great location with restaurants withing walking distance - try Dukes Chowder House - great place with great food.Would definitely stay here again if ever in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Minnx
<Content>Loveed "Sleepless in Seattle" The hotel is an easy to find drive off the 5, but far enough not to hear its noise.We had a a lake view on the 5th floor, just round the corner from the lift, but not noisy at all.Double doors open up to a guard rail which you can stand up against to see the view which is beautiful. The house boat which features in the film Sleepless in Seattle is on the other side of the laake from the hotel and clearly seen from the upper floor lakeside windows. A road runs between the hotel and the lake, but its quiet Its also a bus route to the city centre with stops just outside the hotel. Downtown the buses drop you off at No#3 street. Take 70, 71 and 73, but check on the way back from down town that the bus is not an express. The 70 also shuts down at 7PM from city centre.Hotel rooms are well equipped includinga fridge and microwave which is fine for takeaways, but lake cutlery and plates.Staff are excellent, very helpful and proactive in fixing any problems which might happen at any time. Use the hotel shuttle bus service to and from downtown. They have easy to find pickup points downtown, but book ahead to make sure they have a seat.Breakfasts are good for persons who are wheat tolerant, but limited to those who are not. Breakfast is roomy and suplimented with a outdoor area overlooking the lake.Hotel does not have a resturant, but there a small number of local resturants within easy walking distance (5 min), ialong the lake front to the left and right of the entrance, including Outback, Azteca, Hooters and various local chains.Secure car parking is available in 2 areas in the hotel building. Gates are opened using your room door swipe key.Overall the Silver Cloud Inn hit the spot for us and we would use it again without doubt on our next visit to Seattle  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>bubbles1
<Content>Very nice for the money Stayed here 3 nights to see the sights of Seattle with our two children. This is a good hotel for a good price. We did encounter some difficulties with our air conditioner, but it was resolved quickly. The shuttle is very helpful to get around. We felt there were plenty of restaurants within walking distance - also an Outback and Bonefish Grill. The room itself was very comfortable and clean, the bedding was wonderful and the staff very helpful. Overall this is a great hotel and one that I would stay in again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StJoeBeach
<Content>Loved the Silver Cloud Thorougly enjoyed our visit to the Silver Cloud-Lake Union. Excellent location across from Lake Union. Loved watching the sailboats and seaplanes. Very nice rooms. Free parking. Excellent service from staff. Large complimentary breakfast and great Tuesday night reception. Staying at the Silver Cloud certainly started our trip to the Northwest off on a high point! Highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wanderabout
<Content>nice hotel       the view from our room  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>AppreciativeTraveler
<Content>Fabulous Stay Fabulous StayJuly 19, 2006Trip Advisor Viewer from Asheville, NCWe stayed at the Silver Cloud pre-cruise to Alaska for 3 days and post-cruise for 1 day. We loved it here and will stay again when we take our next cruise from Seattle. The 3rd floor viewing room where breakfast is served is beautiful overlooking Lake Union. It is like a huge but cozy living room with an outdoor patio. Sunset on the patio was spectacular. The shuttle driver was excellent and took us to all the places we wanted to see and picked us up promptly. Staff was cheerful and helpful. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room clean and well-appointed. Free laundry on the 4th to 7th floor with Maytag washer and dryer was a plus. We used it as our luggage didn't arrive with us and we washed the clothes we had on for the next day. We booked the Silver Cloud because of the positive Trip Advisor Traveler's comments. Great place -- great stay. Much better than staying in the busy downtown and the price for Seattle is extremely reasonable.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moo_bear
<Content>Great stay!       The lobby area  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pemberton2
<Content>Almost perfect for the price If a hotel could be almost perfect for the price per night, this would be the one. Very clean, very comfortable and great service. A free business center (internet, printers, photocopy), free local calls, free coffee and tea, free laundry facilities on four floors (just $1.09 for the soap!) and an excellent free shuttle service just added to the value of this hotel. We were staying there over 4th July and had booked Mariners tickets - to our amazement we found that the hotel had organised a special shuttle trip for guests straight to Safeco Field and pickup afterwards! A minimarket in the lobby, fitness center open 24 hours and two pools as well. Rooms excellently maintained, very spacious and very clean.We watched the fireworks on Lake Union from our bedroom window and the hotel happily gave us an extra chair. We also found out next day that a serious fire had broken out a few blocks away that night and that the hotel put up people who had been evacuated free of charge.If we had to find anything to criticize it would be so small not to be worth mentioning - the breakfast was generous but a bit of a cramped area for so many people and there was only one main (slow!) elevator in the lobby - two others were situated in another wing, perhaps a design fault of the building.But that was it. A great hotel and well worth the #1 spot on Trip Advisor.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PDXDon
<Content>Great Alternative to Downtown We really liked the Silver Cloud. Our room was exceptionally clean and comfortable. Much bigger than other Seattle hotel rooms I have stayed in, too.The free parking is a huge plus. This saves you about $32/day over Seattle hotels. It seemed quite secure, but was still very easy to access.A good selection of nice, waterfront restaurants and bars are within walking distance, and the hotel offers a free shuttle to downtown. A taxi to anywhere in the city would be pretty cheap, too. Seattle Center (Space Needle, EMP).The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was that, while our room looked at the water, it was separated from Lake Union by Eastlake Drive, a busy road. Our room (on floor 7) was pretty quiet, even with the traffic and regular seaplane departures. The blackout drapes were a huge plus.I would definitely consider the Silver Cloud Lake Union next time I'm in Seattle. Its not only a good value, but a very nice place to stay and a good homebase from which to explore the city.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Sooz2
<Content>a Rare 'five' Thanks to Trip Advisor reviews, we stayed at the Silver Cloud for 3 nights. It was one of our favorite stops in a month long trip. It has it all ... it was quiet, comfortable, roomy, great beds, spotlessly clean, lovely lobby, free parking, free internet, free and accommodating shuttle to downtown, extra nice continental breakfast in a large, lovely room, and helpful staff ... we even paid extra for the beautiful view of Lake Union. We honestly hated to leave! We had a great meal at Duke's nearby, also Daniel's which was VERY expensive... also a great meal at Anthony's downtown.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel This hotel is a great little find right next to Lake Union. The rooms are extremely spacious with a fireplace, frig and microwave. The staff is more than accommodating. The fitness and pool area are also very nice. Will look for another opportunity to stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LooseFooted
<Content>Had a Great Stay I had a great three-night stay here. I requested a lake view room on the top floor and received it. The room was clean, quiet and well-furnished with a mini fridge and microwave. The staff were professional and helpful, but not intrusive. Free parking in the gated garage was a nice perk, as was the business center with internet, printers, and fax. The 24-hour mini-store was really convenient for drinks and snacks, and when I looked at my final bill I was pleased to see that they don't gouge you on the prices for water and cookies.The location is great; close to downtown, Fremont district, UW, and next to the Hutch. I am a frequent traveler to Seattle and I liked the Silver Cloud so much that I signed up for their rewards program and will be spending all my nights there in the future.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DoctorDan2
<Content>Great Hotel ... Good Location ... Well Worth it The Silver Cloud Inn - Lake Union is as good as the reviews appearing here. I planned a romantic getaway with my wife for the last weekend in March 2006. Well, when the baby sitting fell though at the last minute, we ended up going with our two kids aged 5 and 7. It wasn't the trip we had hoped for but it turned out to be a lot of fun.We had a lake view suite which included a pull-out couch, king sized bed, fridge, microwave and TV in each room. Unlike the last reviewer, I really enjoyed the view of Lake Union. The sunsets and sun rises were well worth it for me.The pool is great for families. It is bathtub warm and only 3 feet deep at the shallow end (which is pretty important if you are only four feet tall). There is also a whirl pool that was nice for a good hot soak.The breakfast buffet was very good. We all enjoyed the make-your-own waffels as well as the selection of pastries and yogurts.One of the best features for us was the free parking at the hotel and the on-demand free shuttle. Lake Union is very close to downtown. So, we were able to leave our car parked all weekend and just hop on the shuttle. They would drop you off where you wanted to go and come and pick you up when you were ready to come back.The hotel is in a nice neighbourhood. We felt very safe walking at night. Across the street there are a number of very good restaurants right on the lake. We really enjoyed Duke's Chowder house (which was recommended to us by the shuttle driver). It had a kids menu, fast  friendly service, reasonable prices and good food. The noise level was pretty robust which is a real plus with kids.I have to say that I think I have found my hotel of choice in the Silver Cloud Inn - Lake Union.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"it wont dissapoint!" We stayed here for two nights on the recommendation of others on trip advisor. We were very cautious because we were taking our two year old daughter and wanted to ensure that it was suitable. Well, it didnt let us down.We stayed in a 1 bedroom lake view suit. It was clean, modern and spacious enough. We were suprised by the 42 flat screen tv on the wall when we opened the door!.There was some road noise at night, not from the main road directly below, but from the free-way behind, but this didnt spoil our much needed sleep.The pool was fine, clean and towels were available in the pool area.Like others before, i agree that the lift took ages to arrive at times, which was mildly frustrating!. The courtesy bus was excellent and always available.A great hotel!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Traveling_Dragon
<Content>A little gem just outside of downtown Let me echo all the wonderful reviews of the Silver Cloud Lake Union. First of all, it is all of maybe a mile or two from downtown. Given that they have a FREE shuttle to take you anywhere downtown or vicinity you might want to go - that's really no issue at all. Plus being outside of the downtown grid makes it more peaceful, more quiet, and much less expensive. The room was comfortable and large for this type of small hotel. The indoor pool, while I did not indulge, seemed very nice and is open 24 hours a day.There is also a free continental breakfast with, along with the usual stuff, make-your-own waffles, hard boiled eggs, and cheese. It's held in the third floor view lobby with a lovely view of the marina and lake.The lake view room is nice, but you are on the opposite side of the street from the lake. So it's not like looking out right over the water. It's over the street, and the marina, then the water. So, in my opinion, it's not really worth the extra price.The staff was uniformly excellent and helpful. The lobby is lovely with very interesting coffee table books on various places.I'd say the only complaint I had was the one main elevator was very slow. I often had to wait for a few minutes. Although, it's only 7 stories high so I did take the steps a couple of times. There is another set of elevators somewhere, but I didn't take the time to find them.If you are flying into Seattle, don't take the shuttle service offered at the airport. It was like $28 and stopped at a number of hotels. The hotel offers a town car for $35. For an extra 7 bucks I prefer the private service.Anyway - stay here when in Seattle and save $$ compared to a downtown hotel!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Silver Cloud's Shinto Effect My husband and I stayed here one night and thought this place was lovely. It has a clean modern aesthetic -almost Japanese in style - that produces a soothing effect not unlike a spa. The room was spacious, light and airy, with full amenities. We really enjoyed our stay as brief as it was. We also stayed at The Sorrento which was wonderful as well - although on the completely opposite end of the style spectrum. I probably prefer the old world style of Sorrento, but Silver Cloud is a beautiful hotel with a lot to recommend it. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Klingonlursa
<Content>Head of the Lake Comfort My husband was a participant in the Head of the Lake Rowing regatta over the weekend of Nov12-13th. We have visited Seattle many times in the past, as it is my home town, and truly this hotel was the best in this price range. Our room overlooked the lake, view of the Space Needle, and Gasworks Park. We had a hide a bed sofa, and a very comfortable bed that was not hard(!) and the sheets actually stayed tucked in. It was very clean everywhere, from the carpets to the grout in the bathroom. Little things mean alot. The breakfast room was large enough to accomodate the entire Duke womens crew for their pre race meetings, and the staff made sure there was always hot coffe, cocoa, a nice mix of tes and fresh fruit, even after the girls came through. Breakfast was waffles, yogurt, bran muffins, fruit and more-very nice! The van took us all the way downtown exactly when we wanted. I wish there were more of these hotels where we travel to, and we travel often for pleasure. This hotel will be our base for Seattle stays from now on.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Hotel August 05 - We spent a week at this family-friendly hotel during our first trip to the Pacific Northwest. We found the room was clean, staff very helpful  friendly, and the breakfast buffet was good and had enough variety for the week. We tried to eat out on the balcony as often as possible. We arrived on a Tuesday, to a lounge happy hour, where my husband was happy to sample local beers, and my almost 2 yr old son happy to nosh on fresh fruit, cheese  crackers. The outdoor pool was usually busy, but very nice. With the price of gas so high, we used the courtesy shuttle several times, and even arranged for it to pick us up downtown several times. The waterside room was definitely worth the extra $10 for the entertainment of watching the float planes plus the sunsets. Quick walk to several good restaurants, and even a small playscape for the little one to run around. Guest computers to check email also very much appreciated. We'd stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marriedinhawaii-7
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel! My husband and I were at the Silver Cloud Inn-Lake Union for two nights. Our room was very comfortable and very clean, and we enjoyed its fireplace. The front desk personnel were very friendly and helpful, recommending driving routes and restaurants. We enjoyed the breakfasts in the third-floor breakfast room. The hotel is within walking distance of several good restaurants. We chose this hotel because we stayed at the Silver Cloud Inn, Tacoma, WA, two years ago, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We will stay at this and other Silver Cloud Inns in the future.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VisitorTraveller
<Content>A little gem I booked my mom here for two nights non consecutively. The first night she had a regular room which was just fine, nice bed, very safe. And the shuttle, what a wonderful extra. It picked her up at the train station and then took her back in the morning. She liked the free breakfast and the $99 cost - which is a good price for a clean, safe hotel (which this is) in Seattle. On the return, the shuttle picked her up at 10 pm (it runs til 11pm), and when we got there they had upgraded her (at no charge) to a Jacuzzi room, with a fireplace. She was in heaven! Very very nice room, nice staff, very clean hotel, lots of extras for the price. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to come to town and see a few sights - the free shuttle is such a great extra. Staff is pretty nice too.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kBloke
<Content>Great Location and People Great location, near the City but not too close! Well situated close to I5 for trips out and about if you want a base.Almost everything is complimentary. The breakfast buffet is great although it closes at 9.30 (we'd have liked it to be 10.30!)The courtesy bus service is really good, when we stayed it was almost like having your own taxi service.Rooms are clean, well appointed and large enough. Staff are more than helpful.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.As a side issue, I didn feel comfortable in the City at night (I have felt safer in New York). Nothing happened, it was just a feeling.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SVT
<Content>A great place to stay I booked 2 rooms at the Silver Cloud Inn, Lake Union for 1 night on 5th September 2005 and was only sorry we were not able to stay longer.The rooms are spacious, comfortable and very well-appointed - I highly recommend paying an extra $10 for a Lake view - worth every penny to bring the Lake into your room from the large windows.The hotel facilities, public areas and inclusive breakfast are all excellent. There is a free hotel shuttle that operates flexibly and dropped us off in downtown Seattle and collected us within 10 minutes of us calling to be picked up! Later, the shuttle took us round the Lake to pick up our seaplane trip (also highly recommended).Best of all, the staff here are a joy - friendly, efficient and obviously enjoy their jobs making their guests feel special.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fishfolk
<Content>Great Location Great Starting Point We arrived in Seattle for a 2 week long tour of Northwest Washington and our first stop was the Silver Cloud Inn on Lake Union. It was very easy to find, the location was beautiful, there were lots of good restaurants within easy walking/driving distance. You could see the Space Needle from the room and watch seaplanes taking off along with all of the water traffic on Lake Union. The breakfast buffet was pretty amazing - make-your-own waffles, pastries, cereals, granola, fruit, juices and coffee ... a great start for busy days. The hotel also offered a shuttle which began running early (7:00 am on weekdays, 9:00 am on weekends) so that you could get a start on sightseeing. We picked this spot based on previous TripAdvisor reviews and were very pleased with the choice.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>martini007
<Content>A teriffic hotel in Seattle We stayed at the Silver Cloud twice during the summer of 2005 while attending several Mariners baseball games. The rooms are clean and modern. Nicely furnished and a wonderful view of Lake Union if you request. Interesting to watch the seaplanes land and take off.The shuttle to Safeco Field and other places in Seattle is a nice feature as well as the comp breakfast and indoor and outdoor pools.Service is professional and frendly.High speed Internet in the rooms, ample secured parking and internet access on their computers of you don't travel with a lap top.Good access to quality resturants, jogging and walking paths and bus transportation.Best prices were on line at their web site and a suite with a Lake Union view is well worth the few extra $$.We will return for games in 2006.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unexpected Surprise My wife and I recently spent a number of days at the Silver Cloud-Lake Union in Seattle Washington and were both pleasantly surprised. Both of us are seasoned travelers and chose the Silver Cloud because of it's price and locale. We were very surprised at the overal quality of our experience. The rooms were spacious, well appointed and very clean. Granite countertops, a nice desk with free internet service, a small lounging area with sofa and table. The bathroom was contemporary, albeit a bit small, but very clean and modern. The free breakfast offered hot waffles, fruit assortment, good coffee, cerial, toast, juice and pastries. It was always a bit crowded but not to the point of being uncomfortable. This is a very nice option for families with children.There's an indoor pool and a flexible shuttle service to anywhere in town, also a very nice option for the cost concious. This is not the Four Seasons folks but, if you're looking for a nice, clean place to stay in Seattle that's very reasonable, the Silver Cloud-Lake Union is a great option. It's also very close to freeway access as well.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Spot to End a Long Trip We stayed for the last two nights of a long west coast trip!The front desk staff was awesome, the shuttle drivers were very helpful (including the white knuckle drives)..The inside pool is closed for the rest of the week, but we had sunny weather, and the outdoor pool was great!The breakfast was excellent with a continental + make your own waffles.Check with the staff, but the fist night we were there also had a comp. wine/beer social.When we go back to Seatte a definite must!Also, book online and you save $$  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SantaAna
<Content>Booked But Did Not Stay Just a one time experience to warn about, I booked this hotel for August 14 and 15, 2005. Upon arrival, I was told my room was not ready, which was fine, I was going to the Mariners/Angels game anyway. I was so tired, I left the game early and came back at 3pm, the promised time of my room being ready. It wasn't. I sat in the lobby for 45 minutes, no one talked to me. I got fed up, called The Edgewater, got my bags and left.I've seen other reviews of this hotel that, once you get in, it's okay...but I was very upset at the treatment I received at the desk. To be fair, the young man I asked for my bags was apologetic and said my room was now ready (I think they forgot that I was even waiting for it), but I'd already booked the Edgewater with no refund.In my opinion, there are too many hotels to choose from to be kept waiting like this.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoyceinNY
<Content>great value Only stayed 1 nite...the last nite of a 13 day trip that encompassed an alaskan cruise and 3 different hotel stays and this was our favorite hotel. Beautiful location overlooking lake union.. watch the boats and seaplanes take off...hint ...pay the $10 extra for the lakefront room and request a sleeper sofa/loveseat, I believe those rooms may be a bit larger. Anyway, hotel and rooms very clean. nice lobby, nice indoor and outdoor pools. Great free bkfst. The hotel isn't near anything so they have a great free shuttle ( tip the driver) that does drop offs and pick ups every half hour. Free internet...2 computers. Exercise room had ex bike, treadmill and epiliptical machine. would stay here again in a heartbeat  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pouillyfume1952
<Content>Fabulous hotel for families Read the reviews previous to mine for all the details of the amenities/service/rooms at the Silver Cloud. We stayed from August 8th to the 11th and were very impressed with the location on Lake Union, the size and quality of the rooms, the hotel shuttle (which would take us anywhere downtown if we asked, not just the usual dropping off points), the friendly service, bountiful complimentary breakfast, and free hotel parking. We were a family of 5 -- 2 adults and 3 teenaged boys -- so we had two rooms -- a suite and a double with 2 queen beds. They didn't connect, but they were adjoining. The shuttle runs until 11pm, which was great for our 19-year old who wanted to go off on his own in the evening. Across the street were several restaurants that worked for families: Joeys, which used to be Cucina Cucina, is an upscale restaurant with a Houston's kind of menu -- seafood/asian noodles/burgers -- with an outdoor deck and gorgeous views of Lake Union and Queen Anne's hill. Blue Water Bistro, a bit closer to the hotel, has a similar menu and view. Decent wine lists at both. Very pleasant for dinner to watch the sun go down and the lights on Queen Anne's come on. The Silver Cloud is a great place for families. However, don't expect to walk to the downtown area (such as Pike Place Market or the Space Needle). It's at least a mile across some busy streets and not very interesting neighborhoods. Take the shuttle. When it's time to head back, call the shuttle to pick you up. We never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a pick up. Twice, the shuttle was already where we were. Tip the drivers. Here's a sightseeing tip. Take the commuter ferry (at Pier 55) over to Elliott Bay in West Seattle. It's $3.00 to cross and you get a great view of the waterfront. The halibut and chips at the little fish and chips place at the dock were surprisingly good and cheap. You can take a free minibus shuttle to Alki beach. It's an easy and pleasant way to ramble around a very mellow neighborhood in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chheal
<Content>Clean Hotel - Good View - Outstanding Value!! I'm not sure that I think that this place rates five stars as seems to be most people's opinion on this site. The staff was not rude, but they hardly went out of their way to help either. We got bad directions to downtown from a disinterested desk person. Other times, we got friendly service, but at the terms of the hotel, not five star going out of the way to please kind of stuff.There is a lot good at the Silver Cloud Lake Union. The shuttle service to downtown is good and on schedule. The breakfast was good, if crowded. The room was very clean and quiet. The bed was comfortable. The view was very nice. The free parking was plentiful. The location was very good. The walk to downtown is quite reasonable if you know the way.We would most definitely stay again. The Silver Cloud is not a five star place, but it is a very good very clean above average place with super rates for what you get. As far as value in hotels goes, I'm not sure that you can do any better than this.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Views for Good Price This is a great find! Located RIGHT on Lake Union with beautiful views of the Lake. About a mile from most of the tourist attractions, but they have a free shuttle that will take you almost anywhere (even to the supermarket). Free overnight parking, too. Even if you have a car, leave it here and take the shuttle. Downtown parking is a rip. The shuttle guys live off tips. so be sure to remember. The hotel is clean, quiet, has a great outdoor pool (indoor pool was STIFLING-99 degree in the indoor area). The one drawback is that there is no restaurant or coffee shop, and there is very little in the way of nearby breakfast spots. DO NOT let the shuttle driver take you to the rip-off 13 Coins for b-fast ($42 for bfast for my son and me). Hotel provides a basic conintental bfast, but not enough for a full day of sightseeing. If you have a car, try 14 Carrot Cafe in Eastlake.No connecting rooms, may be an issue for those of you with kids. Also, there are no bellboys, so you have to get a cart and take your luggage to your room alone. Other than that, this hotel is great. Big rooms, quiet, FREE laundry on the floor, and great views.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>photomom
<Content>Like a boutique hotel without the stuffiness and cost What a great little place! While this is not a luxury hotel with room service, the view, location, decor, amenities and service make you feel as if you did just as well. My family of five was very happy with our suite with a Lake Union view; you can see the Space Needle as well, and see the hotel from the top of the Needle too!My family took advantage of the indoor and outdoor pools and hot tubs (first and third floors), free parking, 24/7 complimentary coffee and tea in lobby, and small lobby store (it even sells internet hookup cables if you lost yours, as well as maps, drinks and snacks). There is the great shuttle service to Seattle's best sights every half hour; if you want to go to other places, make a reservation with the front desk ahead of time. Our suite was non-smoking with a king and a hide-a-bed, two TVs with cable and game hookups, two dressers and end tables, large desk/work area with free internet, a clean large bath area with a sink inside and out, clean working mini-fridge, coffeemaker, sink with cupboard stocked with cutlery and dishes. The bed was comfortable. The decor was in golden neutrals and very tasteful (as was the whole hotel).The expanded continental breakfast does get a bit crowded, but this is probably because the food is fairly fresh and tasty, with cheese cubes, hard-boiled eggs, pastries and make-your-own-waffles. You get to eat this in the very pretty atrium area on the third floor, with an outdoor patio area and view of the lake. It is best to be early to this, since I think the staff has a hard time stocking when the 8:30-9:00 rush comes. A side note: the atrium is a nice, quiet place to work or read any other time of the day. There are only few negatives. There is no grocery or gas station immediately nearby, but as other reviewers have stated, the shuttle is very handy and the staff could advise you on how to get whatever you need. If you want a room with a view, make sure you book it that way and/or ask for it, since they are in high demand. To give them credit, I did not book the room that way, but they arranged for us to get the last suite with a view when we asked (we did have to pay $30 more, but it was worth it). The shuttle gets busy in the morning and evening hours when everyone wants it; plan accordingly and ask the driver what works between the both of you (remember this is a free service, so tipping is allowed). Lastly, the hotel is near a large working marina and some tech businesses, which some people enjoy, others don't. I felt the area was clean, safe, gentrified enough to walk with my family to local restaurants (and a small playground by the Bluwater Bistro across the street - try the delicious dungeness crab mac and cheese), and even take an early morning walk by myself.We would definitely stay here again, it is a bargain in the Seattle area.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>outstanding hotel My stay at the Silver Cloud Lake Union was wonderful. We had a room with a view of the beautiful lake with boats cruising, and sea planes taking off and landing. We could also see the Space Needle from our window. The staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. There is a complimentary shuttle that drops you off or picks you up anywhere in the downtown area, so we didn't even need to rent a car. I would definately stay at the Silver Cloud Lake Union again, and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MarkIndiana
<Content>Just as advertised! The Silver Cloud Inn-Lake Union-Seattle is a spotless, comfortable hotel with pleasant, hard-working staff members.Our room was plenty big for 2 people (2 queen beds). Everything appeared to be almost new. The serve-yourself breakfast had a lot of choices. My friend enjoyed both pools (indoor and out).The shuttle service is GREAT! Our driver dropped us off right across the street from our destination (Pike Place Market), and was wating for us less than 5 minutes after we made our call to be picked up for a return trip to the hotel!Free parking is a HUGE plus...you will find this out if you've never visited Seattle before. I cannot think of one thing negative about The Silver Cloud, and I'm usually pretty fussy. I was happy I depended upon the people who had reviewed this hotel, and counted on their opinions to help me select this place. I would definitely return! The hotel is close enough to downtown without quite the hustle and bustle...nice location near the waterfront and great restaurants/lounges. Hats off to Silver Cloud!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded high expectations My wife and I stayed at the Silver Cloud Inn Lake Union for two nights at the end of June. I had selected a hotel downtown but she thought she could do better by calling the Silver Cloud Inn, where she'd stayed while on a business trip. Boy am I glad she did! She reserved a no-view room with a king bed for a low AAA rate and when we got there, we asked about and were offered a top floor view room (with two queen beds) for only $9.00 more. The view of Lake Union and the Seattle skyline was fabulous as the sun set. The room was very clean, even satisfying my wife for whom anything less than VERY clean would be a deal-breaker. The free non-hot breakfast (but with make-your-own waffles) was good and had too much variety to be simply called a continental breakfast. Didn't use the free shuttle into downtown center, as we enjoy walking for exercise wherever we go. THe staff was uniformly friendly and helpful. The complimentary box of (many!) trufffles was a very nice touch. I'll admit I don't travel much but I sure think this place deserves its high ranking.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience - no negatives This was our first trip to Seattle and the Silver Cloud Lake Union did not disappoint. Great views of Lake Union, very convenient location, great continential breakfast (very complete offerings including make-your-own waffles and the delicious Tully's coffee). The hotel was clean and quiet, even on the 4th of July weekend.We had a regular room with a king-sized bed. The room was sizable (plenty of room for suitcases, etc) and had a microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker, sink, ironing board, and TV with cable. There is free parking at the hotel, which seems to be somewhat rare in nearby hotels.The staff was very helpful, and there is a small store with some food items and toiletries in the lobby that's open 24 hours. This came in handy since we arrived at 3am and were very hungry!The hotel is very easy to find and is convenient to I-5.The one possible downside is that there is no grocery store (or even a convenience store) nearby. This is a bit surprising since it is not the only hotel in the area. It is great to have a microwave and refrigerator, but you might want to consider stocking up on snacks before you arrive.We would definitely stay in this hotel again the next time we are in Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A definite 10 We recently stayed for a week at the Silver Cloud Inn while visiting our son in Seattle. The hotel was wonderful. The room was very clean and the lakeview was perfect. The front desk staff was courteous and helpful and the shuttle drivers were fantastic. They went out of their way to provide transportation to and from numerous sites. The breakfast ws excellent. The hotel had an indoor and outdoor pool which were open long hours for use. I have never met such friendly and kind people and we would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay, definitely overated on this website My family and I stayed at this small hotel from June 12-17. At best it is ok, the hotel is clean but the staff does not go out of their way to accomodate their guests as described in the other reviews. The first morning of our stay we went down for breakfast at about 830am and found that most of the food was gone, but they did have make your own waffles, and they were very good. I was somewhat disappointed because I had some pretty high expectations, especially since it is ranked #5 on this sites list. They advertise free guest laundry, but they don't tell you that they only have one washer and dryer per floor and they are only located on floors 4 to 7.Every time we wanted to use them they were already in use. The shuttle service they offer leaves the hotel every 1/2 hr and they tell you they only have certain drop off and pick up points. They don't tell you that they will actually drop and pick you up anywhere within the main part of the city, you have to ask. I would not stay here again. It was just OK...Next time I want to try something GREAT!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, Convenient, Great Staff, Service and Views We spent Saturday night on Memorial Day weekend and returned the following Wednesday night. This hotel has it all. A convenient location (less than a mile north of the Space Needle), clean, decent sized rooms, a great view of Lake Union and the Space Needle (it's worth the extra money for a view room - as long as you are on the fifth floor or higher), free breakfast (go early on weekends), free parking (warning-the spaces are small), and a free shuttle (runs from 7am-11pm on weekdays and 9am-11pm on weekends).On our first night, everything was perfect. When we checked in on our second night, our non-smoking room (437) smelled of fresh cigarette smoke - surprising, since this hotel is supposed to be 100% non-smoking. Obviously, not all guests adhere to this rule. The clerk at the front desk was apologetic and immediately gave us a different smoke-free room (411). The room was fine. The view was not quite as good as our previous room (611), since the roofs of the boatyards across the street, partially blocked the view of the lake.The free shuttle is a big plus (note-the driver accepts tips - we tipped a $1/rider, quite a bargain). They advertise they go to the Space Needle, Westlake Center, Pike Place Market, Waterfront and Pioneer Square. Each time we called the desk, they were ready to leave within 15 minutes. We called them from the McDonalds across the street from the Space Needle and they beat us to the pickup point at the front door of the Needle. In addition to the regular stops, the driver offered to take us to any of the local restaurants for dinner and even gave us coupons for free appetizers at Rock Fish.On future trips to Seattle, this will be our hotel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding - Silver Cloud Lake Union       Lake Union from Silver Cloud  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>J_Lee
<Content>Wonderful Hotel: Clean, Comfortable and Spacious Rooms RoomsVery spacious, clean, and totally spotless. I am a neat freak and I must say that this place passed the test. The carpet was clean, shower spotless, tables and walls were also clean. Four of us stayed in one room, and it was quite comfortable. The rooms are very large, and had a small couch, large desk and chair, two night stands, another table, armoir with drawers, fridge, microwave, and television. There was an extra sink and mirror just outside of the bathroom so someone could get ready while someone else was inside the bathroom. Very handy for large groups. We had two queen sized beds, which was great so we could all sleep comfortably. AmenitiesThe place had a small exercise room and a pool. Although I didn't use it, I saw some adults swimming laps in the pool. On the third floor, the hotel serves breakfast, complete with yogurt, waffles, cereal, bagels, danishes, juice and coffee. Saturday morning was very crowded, but we still managed to find a table. The breakfast room was very lovely, had nice decor, and great view of Lake Union. Parking was also convenient, as it was on the first and second floor of the building. The parking lot was safe, secure, and covered. LocationThe hotel is about a 5-10 minute drive to the space needle, and about 15 minutes or less to Pike Place Market. On Saturday and Sunday, we utilized the hotel's free shuttle service. On Saturday, we called the hotel to get picked up at Pioneer Square. We saw the shuttle with the Silver Cloud logo on the side of the van and hopped inside. To our surprise, this shuttle was the shuttle for a different Silver Cloud hotel, so we were taken to the Silver Cloud at Broadway. The driver dropped us off at Pike Place and we waited for the correct shuttle to take us back to our hotel. I guess it was a mere coincidence that this other shuttle driver was picking up a group from Pioneer Square at the same time as us. My advice to other travelers is to make sure you read the small italicized letters on the side of the shuttle that says Lake Union underneath the Silver Cloud logo. I guess we just saw the Silver Cloud logo and assumed that was our shuttle. On Sunday, the shuttle was running late, so we ended up waiting half an hour to be picked up. Good thing we gave ourselves extra time, or we might have missed our flight home.The shuttle mix up and waiting to be picked up was our only glitch during our stay, but the hotel and their staff made up for it. Overall, we had an excellent stay and would stay here again. For only $99 a night from travelocity.com, I think it was a steal!  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for families I stayed with my husband and 1 year old son. They had a microwave and refrigerator which was great for snacks and meals for my son. Parking was included and it was gated (although it was in a very safe location). We had a great view of Lake Union... just like the picture on this web site. The breakfast was great with hard boiled eggs, waffles, bagels, danishes, etc. The pool was indoors and there was a hot tub. OK workout room, but I did not use it. I would definitely stay again and recommend it highly to my extended family.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kmkinny
<Content>What a Fab-u-lous hotel Just got back from a 6-day stay and have nothing but great things to say about the hotel. Spotless, great location, great staff, super shuttle...the list goes on and on. If you've never been to Seattle before...parking is hard to find and expensive so the shuttle alone is worth the stay. The drivers will take you anywhere you want to go. We rented a car and only used it once to go on a whale watching boat ride out of town. The only negative thing I would say is that the pillows could be better...woke up with a back ache each morning. You can spend a lot of money to stay at a name hotel or spend a lot less and stay at a great hotel.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SBmomof2
<Content>Nice overall, but beds had me begging for 4-star Things we loved: The view, the security in that only keyed guests have access to parking garage and rooms building, the staff is friendly, the shuttle is an OUTSTANDING service, free parking, the breakfast is decent and convenient, the room is quiet, the bathroom was exceptionally clean, maid service is great and we never had to shuffle around carts (they worked when we weren't there), all in all a great value.Things we hated: The beds. And while I loved EVERYTHING about the hotel otherwise, I can't sleep on crummy beds. There was a smell coming from the headboards perhaps b/c they were new, which gave me migraines every night, so, after 3 nights of this misery, we had to check out and go somewhere else in town for the rest of our 8-9 day trip. My husband also had a migraine, which he's never had before, and my kids acted a little berzerko at bedtime (which was highly unusual), so I think the fume eminating from the headboard and nightstand was toxic. Possibly formaldehyde which is found in particle board. So, if you have sensitivities, allergies, what have you, you might want to stay somewhere else. Sad to me b/c otherwise the place is really quite nice! *P.S. The migraine experience would start when we'd come back for naps in the afternoon, and then would not relent, so I missed dinner a couple of nights, and if we did go out I would feel good, but then come back for bedtime and feel awful again. So I KNOW it was those beds. Sniff.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>strssr99
<Content>Excellent hotel at a great price Living in Washington, we have taken several long weekend trips to Seattle over the years, always staying in a convenient, but pricey, downtown hotel. This year we decided to try something new, and decided on the Silver Cloud based on the positive reviews on this site. And boy are we glad! While it may not have the glitz and glamour of a 5 star downtown location, it has friendly employees and very nice rooms for around $100....which is one-half to one-third of what you will pay downtown. We found the cheapest rates from their website ($109/night for a king suite). Parking is free in their attached garage, which eliminates the fear of leaving your vehicle unattended in Seattle. However, be warned in advance that, like most Seattle parking, spaces are somewhat tight and narrow. We found the upper parking floor to be less crowded and since it has elevator access directly to your room's floor, it is actually more convenient than parking on the first floor.We were pleasantly surprised at how nice the rooms were. Despite being located literally next to the elevator, we didn't hear traffic in the halls or hear anything out of the nearby rooms. The free breakfast is a treat compared to many I've been to at other hotels. Fruit, cereal and oatmeal, bagels and breads to toast, many different muffins and sweet rolls, even hard boiled eggs and cheese. Also do-it-yourself waffles, although the line for those was so long I didn't get to try them. As others have mentioned, the breakfast is a popular feature and gets very crowded, so try and get there early to get a table. The pool and hot tub are very nice and warm, but can get crowded. They are open 24 hours, so you can avoid crowds if you go during non-peak times. Wanting to visit several different attractions in different areas, we didn't take advantage of the free shuttle, but saw a lot of folks that did. Given the high cost of parking in Seattle, this is a wonderful feature.Several nice restaurants are nearby, easily within walking distance unless it is raining or you don't like to walk. A tip - Dukes Chowder House is nearby, and if you sign up for their email list they will send you a buy-one-get-one-free dinner meal.There is even a nice little playground near these restaurants, in the marina area, which was a nice treat for our children. And we enjoyed watching the seaplanes taking off and landing. And admiring the expensive yachts moored there.We had a great time, and plan on using the Silver Cloud Lake Union as our new homebase whenever we visit Seattle!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't stay anywhere else My family of five recently stayed at the Silver Cloud Inn on Lake Union. We had a wonderful room, great view, and just an overall super experience there. The shuttle is a big plus, it will take you to various spots around town for free! It even picked us up outside of Safeco field after the ballgame. The breakfast could be better, but I've also seen alot worse. From this point on, my family will not stay anywhere else in Seattle. Economical as well.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>5115
<Content>great hotel! Stayed here with my family for a 3 day weekend and was very happy we did! Our room overlooking Lake Union was lovely, the breakfast excellent (tho crowded-get there early) , and the service very professional and helpful. One of the best aspects of the hotel is that once you park, a free shuttle will take you (and pick you up )to various drop -off pts. thru out Seattle. We never used our car once! (and i recommend this service cuz parking in Seattle is $$ and often hard to find, esp. @ Pike's Market)An excellent hotel overall.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Soundtravels
<Content>What a gem! As a business traveller carrying a vanload of expensive equipment I arrived in Seattle without reservations and looked for someplace secure downton. I just happened to drive by and was given a GREAT rate on a bay view room. The gated secure parking made it easy to relax and enjoy this great very clean room. There are also some good resturants within walking distance as well as the very good meals here.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great room - everything worked Booked a King Bed suite ($129) for four day stay. Great room - everything worked. Big living room with sofa, chairs and second TV. The high speed (10Mbps) Internet came right up and stayed up. The tiny kitchenette had glasses, plates, and silver to go with the refrigerator, sink, and small microwave. The bathroom had a great shower head and a large vanity inside (mine), with another lav out in the room (hers).Breakfast had a decent variety in a wonderful room overlooking the Lake. Get a room on the Lake Union side for the view. You may even get see the Sun appear in Seattle:)  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent I stayed here in the beginning of November. I had read reviews andchose to stay and see for myself. It was everything I had read. Thefree shuttle, the free continental breakfast was amazing. The rooms were clean, big and comfortable. Our room had a view of the lake and the Space Needle. I would recommend this hotel to all travelers in the Seattle area. The staff was friendly and very accomodating.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nicole8669
<Content>Quality Hotel! After reading other positive reviews, we chose to stay here for four nights during a recent visit to Seattle. We really liked the place and will definately stay there again. The rooms were clean and comfortable and ours had an excellent view of Lake Union. Rooms also come equiped with mini 'fridge, microwave, iron  board. A big plus is that they provide free parking, yet the hotel is literally minutes to downtown-- so you're close to everything-- plus they offer a free shuttle. Their free continental breakfast is amazing-- expecially the belgian waffles! The free Tully's coffee (available 24 hours) as well as the free business center, w/ high speed internet, were other positives. As mentioned in other reviews, the front desk staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. We have stayed at nicer hotels in the Seattle area (the Fairmont, etc.) but they come at quadruple the price. For the money, this place can't be beat.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyVisitior
<Content>Great location, good breakfast, nice view. We spent 8 nights here in October. I picked the hotel based on the other reviews, and it was a great choice. If you want to, you can even walk to the Seattle Center - about 1.5 miles or into downtown - 2 miles. (watch for Aurora St. - no pedestrian crossing until Denny Way)The shuttle was very convenient. We especially appreciated the free daily newspaper - on our doorknob early each morning, and the free breakfast (they even had some good protein - eggs, cheese). We got a lake view room - worth the extra cost as the back of the hotel faces a freeway.Seattle was great - especially the Pacific Science Center - check out the interactive fountains.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>imhappy_7
<Content>Wonderful Place The staff is most accomodating.After checking out, we were allowed to use all of the facilities until our flight left late that night.The hotel offers free shuttle to and from downtown,about a 5-10 minute ride. breakfasts are generous, and the pool and exercise room are open 24hours and are quite busy. The business center allows for computer, fax and copying usage. Kitchens are equipped with a small fridge and microwave and can not store much...but were adaquet. Our fridge frosted over the food but was replaced immediately. We all thought that this place was top on our list.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For convenience and quality, stay here! This hotel is an excellent choice for a moderately priced place to stay while in Seattle. We stayed here for five days in July and couldn't have been more pleased. The room was well appointed (we had a suite with microwave, refrigerator,and fireplace for a bargain price), the bed very comfortable, and the bath quite useable. A breakfast buffet is provided in a room with great views of the lake. And the location is close to most of the attractions in downtown, though you probably need a car. This hotel is super for business or pleasure and would compare favorably to any Courtyard by Marriott. One note is that the hotel is on a somewhat busy street, so you may wish to ask for a room away from the street, though you would then lose the view of the lake. If you have a suite, the living room is next to the street, so you shouldn't have any noise problem (we didn't). If this hotel is full, I would recommend the Silver Cloud in the University District just as highly.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad we stayed here! 10 family members stayed in 3 rooms at this hotel for 5 nights mid August. We were all very happy with our accomodations. The staff was genuinely friendly and very accomodating. The facilities was very clean. We all enjoyed the indoor and outdoor pools, hot tub, wonderful continental breakfast, free shuttle, free washer/dryer on each floor, free computers and printers in the lobby area, small store area, and frig and microwave in each room. Breakfast consisted of 3 types of cereal, instant oatmeal, fruit, fresh waffles, pastries, bagels, a variety of yummy muffins, english muffins, hard boiled eggs, cheese, juices, yogurt, coffee, tea, milk, hot chocolate, etc. It was served in a lovely room that had a fireplace, 2 televisions, seating inside and out, overlooking Lake Union. The rooms were quiet and the beds were comfortable. The exercise room was small and clean, but had only 1 treadmill, 1 exercise bike and 1 eliptical trainer. We appreciated the towels and bottled water in that room. We also enjoyed receiving a newspaper each morning. We would stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brumscot
<Content>Great Place For a Vacation Great lakeside location just off of the city centre but easily accessable via the hotel shuttle service.Large rooms with views over the lake,good for watching the sunset. Hotel facilities and staff first class. Only downside, breakfast, which was free, could be a bit crowded and a free for all.P.S. a larger toaster would help with the above.A good choice if in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mingo
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for 2 nights in late July 04. Everything was perfect. The views, the location, the staff. Free parking, free continental breakfast and a shuttle to downtown!!! Would highly recommend returning to this location  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Raggedy Ann 2
<Content>Great place to stay! We stayed here from July 19-21 (3 nights). This hotel offers so much...and it is in a fun area where you can walk to many things! Great breakfast, great lake view, great front desk, great shuttle, etc.Undesirable details are NOT the fault of the hotel. For instance: This is a non-smoking hotel. We opened our 5th floor French doors and smoke blew in from the folks on the 4th floor. We wanted to sit out on the balcony to eat our breakfast, but smokers were out on the balcony in the eating area. Many, many children....which is NOT great if you have already raised yours! Also, if e-mail is important to you, bring your own computer. They have fast internet access available in the room, but the public computer in the lobby is usually tied up.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nextvacation
<Content>Good free amenities, but noisy Stayed here July 19 for 2 nights at the end of our Pacific Northwest trip. First room booked into smelled of mildew -- moved to second room and it was good. Spacious room, mini fridge and microwave. Has indoor and summer-outdoor pools. Hotel also offers free guest laundry, and a free but not great and VERY crowded breakfast buffet. Free internet access and computers on which can check email. Parking free as well. And there's a free shuttle going back and forth to major spots downtown. So a good value. BUT, our room, to the rear of the hotel, was extremely noisy. The hotel sits practically under Interstate 5. Plus, the floors are extremely creaky, and it sounded like buffalo mating season from the room above us, and I'm sure those folks up there were just walking around normally. Also, elevator on the north side of the hotel is some sort of ancient relic -- very slow. So, guess you'll have to decide what's more important to you. If you can put up with noise, then it's a great value. Otherwise, you might want to try another property. The breakfast and parking are not free at the Courtyard hotel across Lake Union, but it's a LOT quieter. If you do want to stay at this Silver Cloud, I would suggest getting a lakeview room -- the other reviewers are right -- great view of the lake. But then again, how much time are you going to spend in your room in Seattle? Hopefully, not much.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rocklover
<Content>I wish all hotels were this good! I stayed at this hotel for 3 days and found it to be excellent. The hotel was in a good location; close enough to downtown that their frequent shuttle service isn't a hassle, yet far enough away from the City that you also have some peace and quiet. Where else can you wake up overlooking a bustling, yet beautiful lake with sea-planes taking off and landing in the distance? The hotel was clean, the staff were very professional, polite and accomodating. The room was superb; spotlessly clean and very spacious indeed. If I ever go back to Seattle (and I hope to) I wouldn't stay anywhere else.Keep up the good work Silver Cloud Lake Union!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dreamk
<Content>Excellent value! I stayed here for two nights with my parents on May 25, 26. The room was spacious and clean. The breakfast buffet was a big hit. We used the free shuttle bus a couple of times to go to the Space Needle and Pike Place Market and back. The staff was very friendly. For just under $100 a night, I think this is a great value.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location The Lake Union Silver Cloud is near downtown, the Seattle Center (including Experience Music Project), Pike Place Market, and the waterfront; however, don't miss the nearby neighborhood. For example, walk north along Lake Union past the house boats to Pete's Lynn Street Market--one the best wine selections in town, great sandwiches, and a full-service grocery. After you've tried the restaurants across the street, walk up Eastlake to Serafina for a fantastic romantic treat. On both these walking trips (less than a mile), you've passed by the dock for hoping a scenic sea plane ride--what a way to see Seattle.The LUSC Inn is also minutes away from Broadway, and a different cultural, shopping, and eating experience.With free parking, shuttle service, free breakfast, decent rates, and a neighborhood (almost) location, this makes a fine location for seeing Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NumNovato_CA
<Content>Wonderful stay at Silver Cloud Just returned from a driving trip to British Columbia. Along the way, we enjoyed a one night stay at Silver Cloud, Lake Union. It was so nice, we made reservations for the return trip. Our family (2 adults, 2 teenagers) had a room on the 7th floor with 2 beds and a sofabed which gave everyone plenty of space to spread out. Great view of Lake Union and the Space Needle. Impressed with the cleanliness of our room and the hotel in general. Another plus was complimentary washers and dryers, internet access, breakfast buffet and free parking. Friendly staff! We used the shuttle to and from Pikes Market. Also asked for a couple of recommendations for restaurants for our family-Dukes Chowder House being one of them. What a meal! Sat outside by Lake Union and had some of the best clam chowder and fish and chips ever. Looking forward to returning to Silver Cloud on future trips.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lunchlady31089
<Content>Very Nice We stayed at the Silver Cloud pre-cruise. We were very impressed with the room, service, and personnel. The shuttle dropped us off right at the cruise terminal.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dublin_boy
<Content>No clouds at The Sliver Cloud   showReview(2225077, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Experience!   showReview(2219493, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>waxpoetic831
<Content>A hidden treasure   showReview(2111781, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Silver Cloud   showReview(1764508, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impressive for the price!   showReview(1531556, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>8m3lia
<Content>A Nice Cozy Spot   showReview(1459143, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrooklynMel
<Content>Silver Cloud   showReview(1258734, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>perljam
<Content>Loved this Place - A Phenomenal Value!   showReview(1189442, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Value We've Experienced in a Hotel!   showReview(1149366, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>quiet excellence at a great price   showReview(1142623, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16609362, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Propre et confortable mais sans charme   showReview(11304268, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

