<Author>jimmie2007
<Content>Amazing Having just spent a few days in Thailand, arriving in Tokyo was mind boggling madness but we found escape in the Park Hyatt. Without a doubt one of the best hotels in the world. The attention to detail and intimate nature of the staff made our stay monumental if only for a couple of nights. Opt for a suite as it is definitely worth the extra money. There were always ample staff standing by who all knew our names - even upon arrival at the suite.Ideally this hotel, or at least the suites, is for those seeking the best of the best. Comparable to the Peninusula Beverly Hills...Ah, back to reality now!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chingf0rd
<Content>Obscenely indulgent!       Deluxe King Room  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Prospect_Park_Johnny
<Content>A real gem of a property!!!       Bathroom Wall Sconce Detail  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>benandsarah
<Content>One of the world's best This is the kind of place you hope all of your friends can visit at least one time in their lives. It's a phenomenal hotel with breathtaking views and the best service you can imagine (frankly probably better than you imagine). The rooms are spacious (in a place where space is very scarce), with a great modern, clean Japanese style. The lobby's on the 47th floor (If I remember correctly) and your room will be higher, this is on top of the fact that the hotel is on a hill anyways, so the views are great. If you go out late or are jetlagged, you can catch the sunrise and Mount Fuji on a clear day. The New York Grill on the top floor is not to be missed. Your steak will cost a lot (at least $100 US) but it will melt in your mouth and you will remember it. Also, be sure to go to the gym and swimming pool which are very nice and also have great views. The one (slight) negative is the location. While its near the Shinjuku station, its a 15 minute walk to anything exciting. You'll probably have to take taxis. If you want to explore without taxis, just take one to Shinjuku station and go from there (lots happening around there) -- the hotel also operates shuttles to there. One last thing... The concierge service is world class. They helped us plan a trip all around Japan, making all necessary arrangements for us.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EuroLondon
<Content>Still good. Stayed here for a weekend in October. I had previously stayed here almost 10 years ago, and it really wowed me at the time. This time, I wondered if the Lost in Translation effect would have spoilt it, or if it would feel dated, but actually I think no to both. You could tell there were quite a few people who were just coming along for a drink etc, but it didn't feel like it was overrun with tourists. And d茅cor-wise, the hotel still feels pretty ok - lots of neutrals mixed with dark wood etc. Staff service great. The only things I would mention are: the shower in the bathroom is pretty poor - just a hose attachment - they could really do with some rainfall shower heads like most of the competition; also, rooms of some of the newer hotels in this category are much bigger than the ones at the Park Hyatt - no biggie, but something to bear in mind. Toiletries are great though - Aesop. The fitness centre and swimming pool are a little odd too. The place looks amazing - huge glass windows with great views - but the lighting is so moody and dim that it's actually very hard to see anything in the gym! Free weight selection isn't great - if I remember rightly, it stops at around 20kg or something. Also, unless you pay to use the spa facilities, there isn't really anywhere to get changed if you just want to use the pool, which means you need to walk out of your room in dressing gown and slippers. No biggie again, but worth bearing in mind.Last time I was here, they had a reasonably long list of films on laserdisc you could borrow from the hotel (yes, it was that long ago鈥?. This time, they've got DVD players in the room, but nothing for you to play in them except for a couple of music CDs, which seems a little rubbish. Had breakfast in Girandole - pretty good experience both mornings. If you want a seat by the window, it might be worth calling the night before to book. Otherwise, try to get a seat on the raised part of the restaurant near the windows, rather than the main area, which can actually get quite noisy with families and the buffet etc. Internet usage and printing in the business centre is free (yes!). The shuttle bus is handy if you have the schedule, otherwise it's only a Y710 cab ride to Shinjuku. When coming back from Shinjuku to the hotel, I noticed there's a second, larger, blue shuttle bus, not owned by the hotel, which goes from the station to somewhere else in the Park Tower - I guess it must go to an entrance round the other side of the building. Worth bearing in mind if you can't be bothered to wait for the PH shuttle bus or don't want to take a taxi. Otherwise, it's about a 15 minute walk, which isn't too bad.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PIGVALVE
<Content>loved it Awesome place. Amazing. Expensive, but a once in a lifetime hotel  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frey77
<Content>Nice hotel, great views, slightly fawning staff We stayed in a corner view room for two nights, and thought there were pluses and minuses with the Park Hyatt. First the pluses, the room was beautiful and very large. We had truly spectacular views from all the windows, including the one from the bath! The location and height of the hotel (it's only on the floors above 41 in the building) really lends itself to amazing views, we could see almost all of Tokyo, from Shinjuku across Roppongi all the way to the Airport at Narita. All the in room services were very very good, bathroom products and robes and slippers were all of top quality. The food in the hotel was absolutely amazing, we ate at the New York Grill restaurant and it was seriously impressive. Even having afternoon tea in the Peak Lounge was flawless. Beautiful cakes, tea, and a panoramic view of Mt Fuji.Ok, and now the minuses. The service by the staff is technically very good, they all spoke English very well and were very helpful. But for us they went a bit far with the helpful side of things. You're not given a chance to push the elevator button in the Park Hyatt, someone does it for you. They point out every step in the building as they show you to a table in case you trip, and you have to say hi to at least 14 people from entering the hotel to getting to your room. This sounds a little picky, and if you really want this level of service then this is the hotel for you, but we found it a bit like being 10 years old again and so a bit annoying at times.More significant though is the location. I guess that, given the cost of the hotel, it is considered that you'll get cabs everywhere, but if you don't then the location is not that good. It's a fairly long walk to Shinjuku station and it's not very easy to find your way into the hotel as a pedestrian. This is because the main entrance is up a ramp which cars drive up, but you're not allowed to walk up. So instead you have to wander around inside the ground floor of the building (which is also an office block) until you find the secret passage which climbs a flight of stairs next to a deli in the corner. All in all this is a killer for us, as we used the train to get around Tokyo and so the long walk to the station would stop us staying here again.Apart from that it is hideously expensive, and although it is very posh, it didn't quite justify its cost for us.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>svetic
<Content>Best Experience I stayed in this hotel in September and had the most wonderful experience. Having stayed in Chicago W, Toronto Four Seasons, Cancun Le Blanc, as well as other upscale hotels, can honestly say that this hotel takes the cake. Everything about the stay was impeccable: service, ambiance, quality and presentation of food, etc. It was hard to leave hotel at times. All rooms are located on floor 42 and up, so the city view was unparallel. Also, the 52nd floor hosts one of the best restaurants in the city, New York Grill, which made life much easier after a full day of sight seeing. Hotel premises are immaculately maintained by 鈥渋nvisible鈥?staff, our room seemed to be constantly clean and even the complementary toiletries were of highest quality and never ran out. If I ever in Tokyo again, I will definitely stay at Tokyo Park Hyatt again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>a1110
<Content>Oh my god! the best hotel i`ve ever stayed in! WOW! this place is fantastic, they totally spoiled us and the service was absolutely amazing! nothing was too much trouble, everything was perfect.we only stayed for one night for a special birthday treat but it was worth every penny. the views were wonderful, the restaurant was really really pricey (900 pounds for 4 people for 5 course set menu and champagne) but [----] good. we spent a lot of time people watching in the lounge which was nice, lots of famous japanese stars as well as the odd international star. the staff in there were incredible, always attentive but not overbearing (we stayed there for 5 hours and no-one minded). the afternoon tea was so good. breakfast was a 3 course affair with perfectly cooked bacon and eggs (which i had totally been craving). my friend whose birthday it was said she felt they treated her like a princess.you have to visit the bar just for the lost in translation film references - but in here the cocktails were gorgeous, try the fries cooked in duck fat for a good accompaniment to the drinks. they do have a cover charge but i think this is to put off the torists coming to take snaps of the bar and protect your experience. only criticism would be the bad jazz in the bar on sunday night, and the fact that i had to check out at noon! - actually, the fact that i had to check out at all!if i had the money i would have stayed here for my whole time in tokyo - but i don`t think that i would ever leave the place to see the city!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gasgas
<Content>How will you ever stay in another hotel Yes it costs but you certainly get your moneys worth. Faultless service, elegant and spacious rooms and a hotel gym with surely one of the best views in the world. How will I ever stay in another hotel now that I have been totally spoiled?  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alanreynolds
<Content>A grand hotel in every sense       Room 4505 2 beds  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SunnySolen
<Content>Tokyo quintessential night in the stars..       Complimentary B-day flowers  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>papeetee
<Content>Like a dream The Park Hyatt in Tokyo is such an exceptional place!!! We stayed there for the last 2 nights of our long trip Australia-Asia trip and it was the most amazing hotel experience ever. The hotel is in the middle of Shinjuku, in walking distance to the station. We had booked a deluxe room which was located on the 44th floor. The room was just huge and really nice. The bathroom was also the prettiest ever, so spacious. And the most amazing thing about the room was its view from the huge windows...having such a view was already worth paying for it! The view is just legendary! The hotel is pricey but if you ever have the chance stay there even for one night. The staff is incredibly helpful, on the day of our departure we wanted to buy a bathrobe from the hotel and it took hem about 5 min to organize it...at 5am! Breakfast at Girandole was just soooo good but also the room service was exceptional! The hotel is just legendary and worth paying for. They know your name from the minute you get of the cab, they have a free shuttle bus to and from the station, 2 turnovers of the room per day. The staff makes you feel so special and welcome! You have to stay there!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJK_SURF
<Content>Worth Every Yen       Elle  Her Bouquet  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mike_la_jolla
<Content>5-star boutique hotel, but hostile and unfriendly to paying guests This is a fine hotel and fun for the first few visits. It is very expensive. The rooms are well equipped and comfortable. Internet performance (wired and wireless) was OK, but could be slow during peak hours. This property is NOT walking distance from the Shinjuku station. With luggage, it is necessary to take a taxi. The location is a tad awkward. Shinjuku is in the financial district, and this area shuts down after 6pm 鈥?an important point I鈥檒l get to in a minute. The fitness center is adequate, but much below standards for a 5-star boutique hotel. A small indoor lap pool is in the center. Most irritating, hotel guests can use the fitness center for no charge, but if you want to take a shower, a significant fee is tacked on to your bill. Everything at this hotel seems to be al la carte 鈥?including access to the restaurants.I鈥檝e stayed at this property 3 times and won鈥檛 be back. For business travel, I find the Park Hyatt to be unfriendly, unwelcoming, and openly hostile to paying hotel guests. Management seems to be more interested in keeping the place trendy rather than comfortable. The main, buffet-style restaurant, Girandole, is average, quite dull, with patchy service. Kozue, the Japanese restaurant, is unexceptional and very expensive. I found English to be a problem at Kozue. I had trouble ordering a 鈥榣arge hot sake鈥? This leaves the trendy New York Bar/Grill at the top as the only dining option. The New York Bar/Grill is the place made famous by Bill Murray in the movie 鈥楲ost in Translation鈥? Hotel guests are NOT welcome at the New York Bar/Grill 鈥?the hotel inflicts a large cover charge for all during the hours a business traveler would be eating. The cover charge is significant 鈥?large enough that the statement 鈥榠f you have to ask 鈥?you can鈥檛 afford it鈥?applies. Should you pay to get in, the drinks start at $16 ($USD) and go up from there. A hamburger is $45 ($USD). The food, however, is much better and the view is terrific. But at the end of a long day, I鈥檓 tired and jet-lagged: I just want to get something to eat and drink. I find it maddening that as a paying hotel guest, I am not allowed or welcomed into the only restaurant that has passable food.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>VA-TravelGirl99
<Content>Unforgettable stay at the Park Hyatt       View of Yoyogi Park from our room.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>konakona
<Content>Very Impressive I've stayed in a lot of Hyatts; in fact, the Taipei Hyatt is almost like a second home to me. The Park Hyatt in Tokyo exceeded my expectations and almost left me breathless. I stayed there for about a week. The rooms are all on high floors (starting in the mid 40s I believe) so you can get a great view in almost any room. When we walked into the room the 40 inch plasma was displaying a series of scenic photos with relaxing background music which, as cheesy as that sounds, was actually quite nice. There were complementary bottles of water, teas, and chocolates. The room itself seemed larger than the typical Hyatt fare, and the bathroom was one of the largest and most comfortable I've seen in a hotel room. The hotel itself is a bit dark with the dim lighting and all, but I suppose it lends itself to the overall classy feel of the place, which can actually seem a bit overbearingly formal at times. The staff was very friendly and helpful, providing us with maps and recommendations and such. Location is great-- just a 10 minute walk from Shinjuku station with quaint local restaurants nearby. The pool is magnificent, and although the gym seemed a bit small, there's nothing quite like running on a treadmill in a room with floor-to-ceiling panoramic views of Tokyo at night.The restaurant/bar on the top floor can get quited crowded during peak hours, and it seems like a lot of non-residents frequent the place, so it's not as inviting as it could be. Still, I would definitely stay here again if I'm ever back in Tokyo, and would recommend it to friends who don't mind the hefty price tag.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TDietrich
<Content>Amazing Amazing. Just like you hope it would be, especially for the money you are paying. A real lost in translation dream, especially dinner at the New York Grill. My husband had the 拢100 kobe Beef selection, and said it was amazing. Music and atmosphere is wonderful. We booked a table by the window, and the view is awesome, so is the cheese selection.Tip :- forget the rate with breakfast included and eat brekkie in the deli on the ground floor, you'll save a fortune and the food is better with more variety.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonTravellerUK
<Content>Great stuff...again Stayed at the Park Hyatt three years after my first visit and whilst it hasnt changed it doesnt look tired. Superb views good facilities but overall its the staff that makes it.One thing that grates on me though is the cover charge to get into the new york grill/bar when there is a band on (which seems to be everytime i go). A lot of the people drinking there are non residents so its fair enough that they should pay the ten or so pounds to get in but as a hotel resident paying quite high rates I dont think it would be unreasonable to be exempt from paying this charge?That is my only gripe from an otherwise flawless stay  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hulahunny
<Content>Hated To Leave This Property       Mini Bar 2  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>worldambler
<Content>One of my favorite hotels This is my second stay at the Park Hyatt Tokyo. When I found I needed to spend a night transiting through Tokyo, I gladly took the opportunity to trek the 90 minutes into the city to stay at the Park Hyatt, rather than stay at a hotel by Narita. For me, there is nothing like coming out of Shinjuku Station in the hubbub of neon and throngs of humanity and then entering the tranquility of the Park Hyatt. Service is impeccable, the rooms are beautiful with great views, large bathrooms and modern furnishings and built ins that do not look like a typical hotel and the gym is huge with high ceilings and great views.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WirralChris
<Content>Excellent again Never fails to deliver. Staff excellent, rooms comfortable, bathrooms luxurious, views spectacular.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kidsmurf2000
<Content>Pure Excellence Excellent service; they sent somebody down to the street to meet us when we got lost.The rooms have amazing views of the city, and if you're lucky, Fujisan. The rooms are just to die for, with excellent tubs, seperate showers, 2 flat panel TVs, well stocked mini bar.Great views from the bars.Perhaps the best hotel I have ever stayed at, Park Hyatt is the standard by which all others are judged.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kissyfish
<Content>'Tokyo Vice'       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>enjoytravel_8
<Content>Okay restaurant- New York Grill I can't give my opinion of this hotel based on my experiences with lodging. We instead stayed at Conrad Hotel near Ginza which I believe was more trendy with better modern, design. However, based on all the hype from various guidebooks and website, we decided to eat dinner at New York Grill. The restaurant ambience was pretty stuffy and for the price that you are paying, food was mediocre. We spent $360 for just my husband and I for typical American faire (i.e., New York steak, Caesar salad, and etc..). By no means were we dining lavishly. If you are looking for American food such as steak, you are better off going to Mortons or Ruth Chris. I have no complaints about the service as the restaurant staff was very attentive and service was excellent!!!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EdinburghGirlie
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This is by far and away the best hotel I have ever stayed in. If you have the money - do it! The staff are polite curteous and helpful, without ever being in your face, the rooms are great (ours had a fab view out over the city) and the baths enormous (we wondered how we could import one once we got home!). There is a pool on the 47th floor, again with views across the city, which I practically had all to myself every time I used it, again with friendly attentive staff. The room service is fairly reasonably priced for a hotel of this size, and tasty to boot. It also boasts some of the best restaurants in Tokyo, and I would certainly agree with that for their Japanese restuarant, Kozue. Yum! Pricey, but worth it if you can afford it! If you stay, like we did, for more than a few days the hotel leave you little treats in your room - there were strawberries on a dish when we arrived, tomatoes and olive bread on our third day and then a tower of brownies on our fith! All complimentary. All I can say is top class!!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mdotd
<Content>Better than you could ever expect I travelled to Japan for the first time by myself back in August/September 07 and travelled around the country on a rather small budget, but treated myself to two nights stay in the Park Hyatt at the end of my trip... and boy did it give my whole experience the send off it deserved!!The hotel is immacuately decorated and beautifully presented. Staff were very kind and attentive, and although I felt a little out of place turning up in my Jeans and T-shirt combo, they were very polite, with a smooth check-in (with an unexpected complimentary upgrade to a suite!!), and a tour of the hotel whilst on they way to my room. Also they remembered my name for the whole time I was there and always said hello when I passed them in the hallways/doorways which is a nice touch.The room was seriously impressive; I had the choice of city/m.fuji view or bay view at check in and went for the mount fuji option, although low cloud kinda spoiled that bit, the views accross the city were unsurpassed. The room itself was huge (i'm pretty sure it was larger than my entire flat!) and well kitted out, and the beds (a choice of two for just one man? that's luxury! ;o) ) were extremely comfortable.It's location really isn't an issue if you enjoy discovering the city on foot; it was only a 15 minute walk to Shinjuku station via the government buildings and underground walk-way, and this being Japan it always felt safe. The room service was also impressive, as was the restaurant/food.Having worked in a 5* hotel myself I could fully appreciate everything the staff of the Park Hyatt did to make my stay the most enjoyable one I have ever spent in a hotel. If you're considering it, whether you want to find one of the best Tokyo hotels to stay in, or you fell in love with it watching Lost in Translation, seriously; go there, experience it, and enjoy it!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FrenchGirlNewYork
<Content>A sleek hotel!       a room with a view  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenna1984
<Content>Stunning I can't explain in words what an absolutely fantastic hotel this is. I was travelling Tokyo alone, and they treated me like an absolute princess. I loved every minute of my stay. My room was huge with a walk in wardrobe, stunning views of mount fuji and a huge bath. Everything you could ever want was on a silver plate with a smile. Staff were extremely polite and helpfull. The New York Grill Restaurant was impecable, and worth every penny. Excellent jazz music every night - and didn't feel weird being alone sipping champagne at the bar or eating alone - the staff made me feel very comfortable. You have to visit this place if you are in Tokyo!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShibuyaRob
<Content>An amazing hotel The Park Hyatt is an amazing hotel. Immaculately decorated and a great mix of Japanese and Western design. The location is great in the heart of Shinjuku. The rooms are spacious and fantastically appointed. Unbelievable views. Excellent restaurants - both New York Grill and Kozue (we had the lunch kaiseki). Highly recommend the hotel if you can afford a night there (it's not cheap). If not, go up for a drink or dinner. It's well worth it.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nzlynn
<Content>A Very Special Anniversary Treat My husband  I treated ourselves for 2 nights at the Park Hyatt Tokyo in November to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary.We bought an anniversary package which included breakfast, use of the spa facilities and champagne delivered to our room both days. This was an over the top blow out for us compared to the price bracket of hotels we would normally stay in, but the Park Hyatt completely delivered all that was expected... and more for the money. Our trip included very nice touches, like a small posy of flowers for me when we checked in and thanks to one staff member's extra efforts we ended up with an awesome window seat at The New York Grill for our anniversary dinner with a glass of champagne at the bar waiting for us. We treated our stay like being in a resort in the sky and we left feeling rested and pampered despite being in the middle of Tokyo. Stay there if you can afford it ....it is fabulous.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrsMK
<Content>We loved I stayed one night at the Park Hyatt last week on the 16th October with my grown-up son. We loved the experience and we really wish and plan to return next autumn. Tokyo is a wonderful, beautiful and at the same time cool city. It's really something everyone should experience!We had a large corner room with magnificent views over Tokyo. The beds were very comfortable and the decor in the room stylish. My son appreciated the very large HD-television in the room.The bathroom is nice and spotless, but not exceptional for a hotel of this class (it has a tv as well). We had dinner at the Girandole, the food was good and the service impeccable and very friendly. The check was only about 110,- euros, we both had three courses and I had a glass of wine. A sandwich lunch at the lobby cafeteria was about 40,- euros.Of course we went to check out the New York bar, which was quite nice and very much Lost in translation. A glass of good champagne and a Coke was 24,- euros. Not at all too much, I think. There is a cover charge after 8 pm.In general I found the service excellent in this hotel, very professional, but friendly and helpful at the same time.After dinner there still was one thing to do and that was to test the pool. It' s quite something, unbelievable views, calm atmosphere. We had the pool to ourselves, which was brillant!We had to leave really early for Narita airport, so we tried the room service breakfast as well. It was promtly delivered and delicious. The check out took about a minute and we were given bottles of water for the limousine bus journey the the airport. The bus ride took about 1h 40 minutes and it takes you from door to door. Very convenient.To sum it up, we had high expectations, and we were not at all disappointed, on the contrary!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grumpyguest
<Content>Terribly overrated! At $600 a night, I expected more, particularly in the service department. Although I had requested an early check-in and arrived several hours later than foreseen, my room was not ready when I arrived at 3 pm. As it faced a six-lane motorway, it was not exactly quiet either, despite being located on a high floor. The location of the hotel is not all that great either unless you are a slot machine addict and Pachinkos (the Japanese version of gambling) are your thing. The hotel uses old-style real room keys, so fitting them in the correct hole in the dimly lit corridors after a night out can be a challenge. While I thought the electronic music channel in the hotel room was very nice, this alone does not justify the exorbitant price and the zero service. The TV has only American and Japanese channels, so French, German or Spanish guests have no chance of catching up with what's going on at home. By all means, go and enjoy the spectacular views by having a drink or a meal at the hotel but when you go to Tokyo stay at a hotel that is worth its price.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	3	2	1	1	

<Author>Roadworrior
<Content>The Best My wife and I splurged for one night at the Park Hyatt and it was worth every penny! We were blown away by everything..the minimalism, the service, the views...everything. We did not want to leave. They knew my name when I got out of the cab, which was wild, and the intro/check in/walk through was very cool indeed! Room was spacious with giant TV and bathroom. The mirrors even made you look better! Breakfast in bed was delicious and elegant. I can't go into everything in detail, but EVERYTHING was great! Want to go back ASAP!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SJ123
<Content>Best hotel I have ever stayed in My husband and I stayed at the Park Hyatt for 4 nights at the end of September and it far exceeded our expectations.This has to be one of the best hotels ever. The rooms are wonderful, even our standard room was bigger than expected, the beds are so comfortable, the bathroom was amazing, with the deepest bath I have ever seen, and the views from our room over the city and Yoyogi Park to the Olympic Stadium were mesmerising.We ate in all of the hotels 3 restaurants, and yes they were expensive, but the food and the service were second to none - the old saying 'you get what you pay for' is certainly true here.The staff are fantastic, so helpful and welcoming. I used the concierge service prior to arriving and everthing I asked for was arranged for our stay.If I had one complaint, it was that we weren't able to find the heated toilet seat adjustment in our bathroom, and it was far too warm for my liking.We are already planning to return to this amazing hotel situated in a wonderful city, we loved it.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nosescott
<Content>World's Best. At the time I went to Park Hyatt, I was working for Dentsu, Asia's largest ad agency. Working for Dentsu, especially as only one of two gaijin (I was located in Osaka), I was given the Dentsu treatment, not that typical travelers will be shunned at PHT, but they gave me a valet of sorts in case I need anything. They also gave me a MASSIVE room discount on a corner Park Suite (not sure if that's the actual category).In any event, I highly doubt there would be anything bad to say about PHT. The food is incredible. The sheets are to die for. And don't get me started on the bed and pillow. PURE HEAVEN.To me, PHT is one of those must do's in everyone's life. The service is flawless and unobtrusive. The style of the place is modern but nothing like a spaceship. Even you're contemplating going, stop. Just do it. Get a nice corner room and enjoy this world class hotel.(note: If you've seen Lost in Translation, make sure you don't get one of the standard rooms like Scarlette Johannsen had. It's rather dull. Upgrade to the better, more upmarket rooms like Bill Murray had)If I can find one flaw, it was more my fault then the hotel's. I had an in-room massage and requested chiatsu. Man, was I sore for two days. It was worth it in that good-sore way, but I should have gotten a traditional, relaxing massage. Oh, I don't like the funky mirrors in the bathroom either.ENJOY.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>General13
<Content>One of the best hotel in Tokyo !       Room - Picture  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JosieH
<Content>Wonderful this hotel is pricey but definitely worth it. Everything about it is luxurious, gorgeous room, very comfortable and the most amazing bathroom I've ever seen. There is a gym and a pool in the hotel and the piano upstairs which has great views of Tokyo and appeared in the film Lost in Translation. Would definitely recommend this for a special occasion or for a treat!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goonette
<Content>Great Building and view! This hotel is famed to be the best in Tokyo. It certainly has the best views right over the city and is very luxurious. The rooms are great, really large and clean. The bathroom has many, many mirrors so the vain among you can admire yourselves until your heart's content.The New York Grill restaurant on the 52nd floor had terrible service, very slow and not keen to take an order. The food was average, massively overpriced, even given the location. I was a little annoyed at having to pay a cover charge to sit in the bar and have a drink, even though I was a resident, I found that quite rude!Overall I had a good stay at this hotel. The service was a little impersonal and you kind of felt that you were interrupting people asking for something but the location and view is amazing.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	4	2	1	

<Author>A_RTW_Traveller
<Content>Great hotel, but definitely not for small children / is not child friendly This is undoubtedly a lovely hotel in a great location, with fantastic views and excellent service, but was also a huge disappointment in one respect for us.This is NOT the place for small children, as we found a huge intolerance by some staff and guests to our 18 month old son making any noise at all in communal areas or even being allowed to walk around on foot by himself !This was totally unexpected in a country that is supposed to love children and particularly surprising in such a cosmopolitan hotel - and on an extensive world trip, our time at the Park Hyatt was the only occasion where we were treated in less than a courteous manner, supposedly due to the perceived behaviour of our son who only cries when he is getting tired...Maybe the intolerance of such noise is a cultural thing in Japan where they are willing to complain about it openly, but you should be aware of this before deciding to take any small children with you to this hotel - unless you are willing to either lock yourself in your room or spend all your time in Tokyo away from the hotel and it's restaurants.Apart from that, if you don't have young kids, I would happily recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>Saints_B
<Content>Marvellous Hotel I was lucky enough to stay at this fantastic hotel for 2 weeks at the start of July.From the moment our Friendly Airport Limousine arrived at the hotel you could tell it was special, a group of hotel staff i can only describe as ushers showed us up to our room from the 2nd floor entrance through the 41st floor lobby to our room on the 48th floor.For the first time in a holiday (vacation to you yanks) there was no need to go upto the concierge and check in as all the hotel staff knew who we were and therefore the check in process was extremely painless and minimalistic captioned down to just signing a form and handing over the room key when in place in your room.Now i'll turn my attention to the hotel. I'll stop at this moment and allow you to all construct an image in your minds about what a high-class 5 star hotel should be like. Now this is what the Park Hyatt Tokyo is like, i've stayed at various hotels across the world that claim to be 5 star but fail and are more like a 4star + if you catch my drift. The Park Hyatt Tokyo is the real deal.Everything about the hotel oozes quality and excellence. The 3 restaurants on offer; New York Grill; Girandole and Kozue all offer fantastically well prepared foods that'll make your tastebuds sizzle. New York Grill is primarily a steak restaurant (hence the grill part in the name) where i had one of the nicest steaks ever; Girandole is a mediterranean restaurant serving a wide variety of foods from Spaghetti Bolognese to shellfish and a Moroccon stew whereas Kozue does all things Japanese (sushi, sashimi etc.)I stayed in a Park Deluxe Room with a view of Mt. Fuji for the two weeks i was there, and it was easily the biggest and best hotel room i've been in, the bathroom is a work of art by itself but with the 40 Hitachi Plasma TV and the sheer amount of space coupled with the comfy beds make the room sheer perfection personified.The contemporary look throughout the hotel is helped by the ornate decorations and interiors throughout the entire hotel from the lobby bar/lounge area which greets you when you arrive by lift (elevator to people from the US) from the 2nd floor reception area is fantastic with great views across the city to the small touches that make this hotel truly special such as the marble/lush carpet mixed flooring or the dim mood lighting when entering the toilets on the main lobby floor.If you choose the Park Deluxe room with a view of Mt Fuji, the view is absolutely fantastic and well worth the extra money from the standard room aswell as the other features mentioned above, however a big mention should be towards the total friendliness throughout the hotel, from the baggage handlers on the 2nd floor entrance to the concierge/secretaries in the Business centre the service is 2nd to none...and you are reassured of this when fruit is delivered to your room with a letter from the general manager every 3 days with mineral water from a Japanese spring delivered to your room everyday by the maids.Everything about this hotel is a sheer marvel, sure it's an expensive hotel to stay in with breakfast sometimes costing 拢40 ($80) and a 3 course meal at the New York Grill costing 拢175 ($350) with the room costing close to 拢200 ($400) a night....but if you have the money there really is no other option for a holiday (vacation) in Tokyo, and i know i'd choose the Park Hyatt Tokyo again if i ever return to Tokyo in the future and if you have the money i urge you all to aswell...you won't be dissappointed.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>divenuts
<Content>always perfect i've stayed at the park hyatt three times and it's a treat everytime. from the check-in (how do they know your name ?) to the understated elegance of the rooms and the attentive staff , this hotel is fantastic . all the restaurants are great although expensive and like everyother part of the hotel the service is excellent . the rooms are lovely and on a clear day rooms facing mount fuji get a beautiful view of the city and fuji herself floating on the horizon. the bathrooms are great with lovely products . ten years ago i experienced my first toto bidet/toilet at this hotel and now that they're finally available in the u.s., i use mine at home and its almost like i'm back there . funny what invokes a great memory !  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>macsym
<Content>Stunning Park Hyatt I agree with everything Ian07 says about this fabulous hotel where service and physicals are spot on. I stayed at the hotel for one night last September and so enjoyed the experience that I am returning next week for 4 nights. Personally I do not find the location a problem, Sinjuko station is a great hub and so easy to get to anywhere in the city including Narita. The limo bus to/from Narita also stops at the hotel. The hotel is very convenient for Opera City and all the various musical offerings.My experience in the 24 hours I was there included: Upgraded room, great comfort and all amenities, stunning swimming pool and gym experience, The New York Grill - fabulous lunch and view. The Bar - excellent cocktail. Very helpful staff and all requests very promptly conducted. However, I was most impressed when I received a letter from Robert Barker the GM a few weeks after I returned home thanking me for comments I made on a guest questionnaire - not only was the letter hand written but so was the envelope - that is very personal service.I am so looking forward to returning!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ian07
<Content>A haven within the urban jungle of Tokyo A six-night stay at the hotel was something we had looked forward to for several months - reading several reviews on Trip Advisor in advance simply whetted our appetite. Having been to Japan several times I was aware of the expected levels of service and was not disappointed at the Park Hyatt Tokyo. From stepping out at the front door to leaving after 6 nights the staff were exemplary - never intrusive and extremely helpful. It makes staying at any hotel in the west see simply awful.After being taken up to reception and then our room we were simply amazed by the view, the comfort and the bathroom. Despite some serious jet lag we could not wait to explore the hotel and its amenities. The pool on the 47th floor is simply wonderful - swimming with TOkyo stretched out beneath you is surreal. The bar, although expensive, was worth it for the treat. Given the exchange rate for the Yen at the moment it was not too bad. Breakfast and other meals were always fabulous.Although we were out and about most of the time it was always a joy to come back to the comfort and reassurance of the hotel. I felt like the staff were our friends at the end. Only small gripe was the distance to walk to public transport. However, a taxt to Shinjuk station or the subway rarely cost more than 拢5 - which is not too bad. I would return again if ever I am in the city.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bas1976
<Content>Nice hotel - poor location We arrived at the park hyatt by taxi from the Tokyo station. It was a long drive and took over half an hour. The check in is on the 41st floor and a bit of a walk. It is not like a normal check in and efforts are made to make the experience seem more personal and less hotel like. The decor of the hotel is stylish with nice art pieces on many walls.Our room was larger than expected with good city views. The bathroom was big and had an interesting layout. It was possible to watch the TV from the bath which was a nice touch. The bed was comfortable and room quiet.We ate in the new york grill of lost in translation fame which was excellent. We decided to splash out as it was my boyfriends birthday, so we had the Kobe beef. It was very expensive but absolutely incredible - highly recommended if you want to treat yourself.The major downside of this hotel is that it does not have good public transport links. It is at least 10 mins walk to the nearest metro station (although the hotel does have a free shuttle service to shinjuku station, 15 mins away - but this only runs from 9am). We found this to be a little inconvenient as other hotels that we have stayed in in Tokyo have metro stations very close (i.e. Mandarin oriental). Whilst we liked this hotel I did feel it was a little over hyped and a a bit too trendy (possibly intimidating) for its own good. On reflection I probably wouldn't stay here again as I think there are nicer hotels for a similar price with a better location and public transport access.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	2	4	3	

<Author>cap76Atlanta
<Content>Elegant Hotel What an elegant hotel. From the soft green shade of the wall coverings to the pale brown tiles in the bathroom, everything about this hotel is restrained and classy. There are many thoughtful touches throughout the hotel like a guide to the landmarks visible from the room and bottles of water at turndown service.We stayed in a Park King room, the smallest room available. I found it more than adequate and very well laid out. The bathroom looked like it was from the pages of Architectual Digest.As some have mentioned, the locate isn't great--don't expect to walk out the door and find much happening. Shinjuku is relatively close, but if you're a first-time Tokyo visitor (like me), there are probably better, more central, options.The one thing that bothered me about the hotel is this: the public areas on 41 are all smoking areas and the stale smoky air lingers. Smelly isn't something one wants in such a nice hotel.One last thought--I paid 37800 yen a night (about $315). If the rate had been much higher, the hotel (for me anyway) would have gone from being wonderful to being overpriced and not worth it.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dkhassan
<Content>Excellent hotel... but something is missing... My partner and I stayed at the Park Hyatt for 3 nights prior to leaving from Japan. It is a beautiful hotel, with excellent service (as experienced in most places in Japan). However, I suspect much of the hype about the hotel was due to the Lost in Translation effect! You enter the hotel on the ground floor, up a long-ish driveway, and then take an elevator to the lobby floor half-way up the highrise building. The hotel is spread across 3 joined-up high rise towers. The check-in desk is not easy to find and you have to walk a long way from the arrival elevator through various small-ish rooms turning a lot of corners... To summarise our experience, the service is excellent, the views are tremendous and the rooms wonderful and large by international standards (let alone Tokyo standards). My only reservation is that it lacks atmosphere... it feels like a fancy international business hotel that could be anywhere in the world. It is a 5 minute drive or 20 minute walk from the stores in Shinjuku, so is a bit out of the way. However, a free shuttle bus provided will drop you off and pick you up at a designated point in Shinjuku. Unlike most other 5 star hotels, it does not have a buffet breakfast spread (instead providing an a la carte American breakfast). Although flawless service and comfort, it is hard to get excited about this hotel. Comfortable but charmless. Oh, and very expensive, even by Tokyo prices.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jct_9_M3
<Content>Pricey but worth it A suitably surreal place to stay when in Tokyo. Of course, all the communal areas are straight from that film and you'll enjoy fabulous views whichever room you take. Even the basic Park King comes with a gorgeous bathroom, DVD player, selection of CDs and, inevitably, some Suntory whisky in the minibar.We only had 24 hours here and so made the most of the hotel. They do a great afternoon tea in the 41st floor Peak Lounge and, inevitably, we had dinner in the New York Grill. The food was superb (particularly the unforgettable Kobe beef) and there was an extensive, if perhaps California-centric, wine list. The restaurant certainly seemed very American in that there were few diners after 9pm.I had no complaints about the excellent personalised hotel service, with the possible exception of the swimming pool area where a slightly frosty reception awaits. What's more, the pool itself is a very functional lap pool and, despite the amazing views, isn't somewhere you'll want to lounge around. It isn't cheap (and dinner in the New York Grill cost more than the room) but if you need to stay in Shinjuku there's nowhere better.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>josh909
<Content>Lived up to all expectations       Downstairs lobby @ Park Hyatt Tokyo  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DC999
<Content>A sight for sore eyes! After a long flight Tokyo was slightly confusing and the jet lag the worst I've ever experienced. Staying at the Park Hyatt made everything OK. We were upgraded to a suite - by far the most incredible hotel room I've ever stayed in.The staff at the Park Hyatt are indescribeably nice and helpful (even by Japanese standards) - not a single member of staff was anything except briiliant. The location is great and we had the best tempura on the 53rd floor of the Tokyo Opera Building close by - way better than ten-Ichi in Tempura that has graced Bill Clinton, Kofi Annan etc. in Ginza.Swimming pool is awesome and empty and the whole feel of the hotel is out of this world - this would be my first choice if I was ever staying in Tokjyo again. No doubt about it.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MiamiGirl79
<Content>Great Experience at the Park Hyatt I stayed at the Park Hyatt in Tokyo for 6 nights with my boyfriend in the middle of April. Our room was on the 48th floor and had gorgeous views out over Shinjuku. The room was VERY large, and the bathroom was true decadence. The toilets (I know they've been mentioned in reviews before!) were soooo cool, and the shower was on of the 2 best we had in the country.( The other runner-up was at the Hyatt Regency in Kyoto, so go figure!) The staff bent over backward to assist us in any way they could, from extra towels to strawberries, from hangers to a Korean Barbeque grill-it yourself hibachi style recommendations. The location from Shinjuku Station was a little bit of a hike (I know this has been mentioned before as well), but the shuttle van driver was so funny at the Park Hyatt we rather enjoyed having him take us the short jaunt down to the L-tower. When we did walk to East Shinjuku, it was easy enough. Tocho-Mae Station is a bit closer to the hotel, and when we'd come home on the subway, we'd sometimes exit at Nishi-Shinjuku, too. That cut off a few minutes from the walk as well.We ate at the New York Grill our first night, and although I enjoyed my steak and caesar salad, I don't necessarily thing they were worth the extravagant prices. My boyfriend ordered a side of the duck fat french fries which were the highlight of the meal. The pool was fantastic, with great views and complimentary goggles - they're open until 10pm, so it's good to go later at night when no one else is there except the attendant.All in all, this was a wonderful experience. We enjoyed the Park Hyatt immensely and if ever in Tokyo again, would DEFINITELY stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>applefan
<Content>Prefer the Mandarin Oriental or the Grand Hyatt The view is absolutely stunning! However, like the previous reviewer said, that is sort of it. The location is not ideal for me and I think there are better options. I usually stay at the Grand Hyatt where it is much more convenient for my business needs, but the Grand Hyatt was fully booked so I opted for the Park Hyatt. I much prefer the interior of the Grand Hyatt rooms. The Roppongi Hills complex where the Grand Hyatt is located also has more choices of restaurants and shops (in case you need to buy anything last minute like I did). However, the Grand Hyatt has no views. The Mandarin Oriental has the best rooms, best bathrooms and it also has the views that the Park Hyatt offers. The only thing missing is the interesting restaurants nearby. I think my next trip to Tokyo, I'd be booking myself into either the Mandarin or the Grand Hyatt again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Hikari
<Content>Don't waste your money My husband and I are glad that we stayed at the famous Shinjuku Park Hyatt, but we will certainly never stay there again. Check-in was smooth and the staff were professional. However, the positive encounters with the staff ended there. The staff the hotel has dotted around are clearly there to keep the riff-raff out rather than provide good service to their guests. We live in Japan, and I myself have lived in the Tokyo metro area so we are keenly aware of how important appearances are. We were certainly not sloppily dressed while in the hotel. Despite that, we are not celebrities, so the staff stationed at the doors and elevators basically gave us the you're not a star so state your business! treatment. We had to tell the staff far too many times (even once is too many!) that we were guests. One night, I went to bar/lounge for a drink by myself, and the service was terrible. The same night my husband went with his friends to the same bar and they also were fed up with the service.The New York Grill must be one of the most over-hyped restaurants in Tokyo. As we exited the elevator on the floor the NYG is on in our swankiest attire, a girl practically ran toward us asking if we had a reservation (this was not at all an example of prompt Japanese service). She seemed doubtful when we said yes. Our waiter was too young and inexperienced to be working at a place like that. My husband's dish was very good, mine merely average. The prices were completely outrageous - we've eaten in restaurants in Tokyo that were just as nice as NYG and had better food for less money. Of course, those places didn't have that great view. At any rate, the presence of women who were clearly escorts with their middle-aged patrons gave the place a sleazy feel. (The sleazy feel was intensified the next morning when I left the hotel early and saw a woman leaving hurriedly who was clearly in the escort-type clothes she had on the night before).Yes, the room was huge and beautiful, and the bathroom was stunning. But the lousy service and the mix of Tokyo and Hollywood-type sleaze will keep up away. Best advice I can give - If you can spend $500 a night on a hotel room, stay at the Four Seasons in Marunouchi.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	4	1	4	

<Author>bakermPhiladelphia
<Content>First Class Simpy one of the best business hotels I have ever stayed in. Service was flawless and unobtrusive, and the room was beautiful and well appointed.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Reviewer121
<Content>As good as expected... We stayed here at the begining of November 06. Our room was in the 50th floor. Simply the best views of Tokyo. In a fantasctic clear day, we were able to get the best pictures of Mnt. Fuji. The room was big compared to other local hotels' standards. Nicely decorated in a non over the top way, was very comfortable and welcoming.The bathroom was great, feauturing a flat screen tv you can watch from your bath.The swimmingpool area is stunning and thankfully there was very few people hanging around there.The New York Grill was lovely. We got a table with a fantastic view.We had a great time. Higly recommendable, particulary if you are a fan of Lost in Translation. It is better than in the movie!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jadalabada
<Content>A bit pricey Although this was my first time in Tokyo, I found this hotel a bit on the expensive end, but I don't know if Tokyo hotel prices are outrageous no matter where you stay. Don't get me wrong; the hotel is superb, the views are great, and there is a big pool on the 47th floor along with a fine gym. The Shinjuku neighbourhood is good as well, lots of nice places to eat and good shopping as well. In the New York Bar (as seen in Lost in Translation) fantastic views of course, but expect to pay 2000 yen per head for live jazz. Since I hate jazz, I found it a noisy hassle.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	4	5	2	4	5	

<Author>jmittle
<Content>Average for Park Hyatt Ive stayed at several Park Hyatts...this is the oldest one I have stayed at and why my review for it is average. The View is AMAZING...other than that...the service and the rooms are average and dull. They have an out of style feel espcially for Toykyo where one expects white and black modern chic! The room was dark with outdated wood finishings that worked in the 90s but not today. Little disappointing that this hotel is considered Best Hotel in Tokyo....I think the city needs some new ones!!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jillybeansan
<Content>Park Hyatt one of the best We had a wonderful three night stay at the Park Hyatt Tokyo. We were here with our 2 sons and had booked two rooms. The hotel was very accommodating to put us in rooms adjacent to each other in a private area at the end of one of the hallways. It was perfect. The staff are very friendly and attentive and were helpful in a number of ways to us.The rooms are spacious and comfortable and can we say that the toilets are the best we've encountered on our travels so far! We have been travelling around the world for 4 months now and the Park Hyatt Tokyo rates in the top one or two hotels we've stayed in thus far.If you're a fan of the movie Lost in Translation (our oldest son's favorite movie), the Park Hyatt is the hotel in which many of the scenes in the movie are set. It was fun to see the entrance, lobby and bar in person.We highly recommend this hotel if you have the money to spend!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hitchcockblonde
<Content>my absolute new favourite hotel I had to be virtually dragged out of the Park Hyatt Tokyo, kicking and screaming, I could quite happily taken up residence there for quite some time. It is quite simply impeccable- the decor, the service- the attention to every detail is amazing and yet never intrusive- how very Japanese.Our room, on the 47th floor, was a zen paradise of tranquil colours,fantastically organised space and amazing bathroom- yes, the toilet is quite incredible.They have an amazingly impressive mini bar too and .... they also have amazing coffee and tea making facilities-I give extra points to any hotel that provides a kettle in the room, so that you can actually make your first cup of coffee without waiting around and dealing with the fuss of room service first thing in the morning.The view is astonishing.The common areas are astonishing too, the restaurants, the reception and library area-it was just so easy and beautiful and calm,we had come from Europe, spent two days in New York - so already pretty jet lagged, then flown 14 hours from Washington - with the jet lag associated with that -by the time we got to Tokyo, we weren't sure which way was up, this is a very soft place to land, if you feel like that ! We ate at the New York Grill the first night- the service was great, but to be honest, I was so jetlagged the food didn't really register ! Then at Kozue- the Japanese restaurant- which was great and then at Girandole, for breakfast and also a couple of lunches- wonderful view and wonderful people watching!The pool and gym are amazing - underneath a glass atrium overlooking the whole of Tokyo - it is an experience to use them!The concierge service is completely wonderful,all- knowlegable, (seemingly) effortlessly effiecient, they can organize everything from personal shopping trips to any restaurant reccommendations/tickets for travel and pretty much anything else you could desire.Use the the bus service back to Narita airport -don't bother either schlepping your bags on the Metro or getting a hugely expensive taxi- the bus stops right outside the hotel and the concierge will arrange your ticket(of course!) and then everything will carefully packed away in the hold for you.I know I seem to be overusing superlatives here, but this hotel is amazing,some reviews have mentioned how expensive it is, and it is certainly not bargain basement! but, firstly, Tokyo is not exactly a cheap town and secondly, we had just spent time in New York at the Soho Grand, which was a dismal and grubby experience(see review, if interested!) and that was MORE expensive than the PHT - this is worth every penny,Tokyo can be frenetic and confusing and it is wonderful to come back to somewhere so calm and comforting - and the experience of standing in the sky lobby at 5:00 am (the jetlag!)watching the sun rising over the whole of Tokyo, with Air playing softly in the background, having my own cinematic moment - well, as the advert says-that was priceless !If I could give this hotel six stars, I would.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rosler
<Content>You're just too good to be true We stayed for 3 nights and felt a sense of loss when we left. Beautful building, sublime views, perfect service, tasty food. Fantastic room, amazing bathroom, state of the art toilet. Why go on? 100% recommended.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JeffGold
<Content>An Amazing Hotel My family and I just returned from Japan, and we were very fortunate indeed to stay at the Park Hyatt in Tokyo. If you can afford it, this is absolutely the place to stay for the trip of a lifetime. In many years of business and personal travel, staying at some of the finest hotels in the world, I've never stayed anywhere this nice. The rooms are huge, for Tokyo or anywhere else. Beautifully decorated, simple, with a trademark wonderful Japanese bathroom (the best in the world), the view has to be seen to be experienced. Ask for a corner room, which has views in two directions. The food was excellent, the public spaces literally breathtaking, the location very convenient. We took cabs everywhere, which wasn't as expensive as we had feared. But the real key is the incredible staff. If you're in a country where you can't read or speak the language, a bilingual and extremely competent staff can really make the difference in your stay. The Park Hyatt staff all spoke English perfectly (even the waiters/waitresses in the restaurants.) The concierges, led by the fantastic Adrian, really were tremendous, recommending great restaurants (ah, the food !), telling us where to go for anything under the sun (shopping is definitely a national pasttime), how to get there, and what to skip. I was talking to a friend about where to stay in Tokyo, and he made the point that a great concierge can really make a trip to Japan, and to stay at the Park Hyatt, cost be damned, and boy, am I glad I listened. We paid about $550 per room (including a fantastic and very filling Western-style breakfast, and like I said, if you can afford it, I can't imagine you will have anything but a WONDERFUL time. Super highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>motutoopua
<Content>An unmemorable stay       Hallway  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	4	1	1	4	

<Author>MrChalk
<Content>Absolutely top class Just stayed in the Park Hyatt Tokyo again...still one of the best in the world. I stay in hotels all around the world for over 100 nights a year, and this one is truly in the select few best.Service is absolutely impeccable, rooms immaculate, food and beverage amazing, workout facilities top notch.The only issue I have is that the sauna/jacuzzi facilities cost an extra $35 to use, and the room service is not exactly cheap.Otherwise, outstanding.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MCMember
<Content>Lives to expectation (at a price) We spent our final night in Tokyo at the Park Hyatt in one of their Park View rooms. Everything was virtually flawless from the time we checked in. How the guests are welcomed is truly impressive, but never intimidating. The room had stunning views and gave an unusually peaceful impression. Minor downsides included waiting before being able to access the bar (which is much smaller than Sofia Coppola's camera made it look) and some doubts about the room actually being 60 sq m as advertised - but we're not going to argue over a few meters, are we? All this comes at a price of course, but checking the web site again there are some interesting fares with advanced booking. Overall it was a rather unique experience, very much what we hoped for, and we're not easily impressed!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PhotoTravels
<Content>One of the best hotels in Japan, if not the world!       The pool also has an amazing view.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mikeg45
<Content>found with pleasure From our deluxe twin on the 42nd floor we gaze over Tokyo. The room is perfectly designed, plasma on the wall and smaller tv in granite bathroom. A walk in closet is big ehough for 2 king size cases. Room service arrives in 11 minutes, 2 waiters roll a trolley of perfectly prepared food in and arrange us in no time. The beer is cold. At night we eat in the 52 floor restaurant. good food, a inferior lady jazz singer wails away. The top floor pool has great views but a very powerful smell of chlorine has us both retching, gasping for clean air. A great experience in a fascinating country.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Insideinfo77
<Content>A Really Good Hotel Experience this is a mini-review of a three day stay in late October, 2006:The hotel is as good as the reputation would have one believe. The service is excellent, the food is superb, the rooms are spacious and have terrific views, the bathrooms are as good as any in the world. The drapes are blackout-able and our room had significant storage for luggage, ample hanger space, both regular cotton robes and yukatas/kimonos, a separate shower with multiple shower heads, a soaking tub and other amenties. We had a deluxe room but it was probably in the middle of all the size/price options. This is NOT a cheap place to stay but it delivers real value for the money in an expensive city. Our booking was through our Virtuoso agent but I don't think that makes much difference here. The building location is slightly less advantageous than some other neighborhoods in Tokyo, but it is still reasonably close to the Shinjuku subway/Japan Rail station, the busiest in Tokyo. The walk to the station is maybe ten minutes or so, more if you don't walk fairly fast. Breakfast here is a complete treat. Extremely good breakfast buffet and superb service. The concierge service as it pertains to getting directions, custom maps of the area, obtaining Japan Rail tickets and reservations, and just general competence is outstanding. The only negative we encountered would have been solved if we had first taken the shuttle to the Shinjuku Station from the hotel. The hotel runs a shuttle bus from the hotel to the station about three times an hour. We tried to take the shuttle back to the hotel for the first time and the maps provided by the hotel describing the shuttle do a very poor job of explaining exactly where the shuttle picks up and there appear to be zero signs posted in the area. We saw the shuttle as it drove back to the hotel after we gave up and walked to the hotel, but never did figure out where the pickup location was, and we spent quite a bit of time looking and trying to figure it out. That was the only downside to the stay and the problem would have been rectified if we had first taken it from the hotel. However, if you arrive at Shinjuku and are looking for the shuttle, I would strongly suggest taking a taxi to the hotel the first time and sorting it out there. The location is not very conducive to arriving with luggage and attempting to locate the pickkup shuttle. The hotel is located in a large, modern office building on the 41-5x? floors. In the basement of the building are a number of shops, a very convenient McDonald's restaurant and convenience stores (the one next to McD's is extremely customer-friendly) as well as a variety of shops and some regular restaurants. The hotel is very well located for the Meiji Shrine and Tokyo Metropolitan Government buildings. Service here is as about as good as any hotel on earth. Period.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EJSW
<Content>Fabulous start to our honeymoon We stayed here for the first four nights of our honeymoon and it was the best start ever. From the moment we arrived at the hotel, the service was discreet, impeccable and polite but definitely friendly as well. Our room had stunning views and those from the New York Bar and the swimming pool were even better. The whole atmosphere of the hotel was one of calm, very welcome after the busy streets of downtown Tokyo! The food was excellent and the hotel made us feel very welcome and really made the effort as they had been advised in advance by our travel agent that we were on honeymoon. If we ever have the chance to return to Tokyo, the Hyatt is definitely where we'll be staying.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>frednuff
<Content>Good but not brilliant This is a lovely hotel.. The room was well - appointed and with a great bathroom. But I was disappointed by one or two aspects of the service. Check-in for example... arriving at 1600hrs the room wasn't ready... 'do you have something to do?' I was asked. 'No' was the resounding answer! I'd just stepped off a 12 hour flight, sat through the Tokyo traffic and it was 34C outside and 80% humidity... no thanks...However, I can recommend this hotel but on my next trip I will try somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	2	3	3	

<Author>tzp
<Content>Glorious one night splurge Stayed one night as a bday gift to myself. It was a glorious splurge. Did not leave the hotel for 24hrs  never felt so relaxed. Everything is done with a casual elegance. Exquisite room with a great view of Mt Fuji. The spa was heavenly  dinner was delicious, but pricey. Went to the jazz bar  had a lovely time even though I was on my own. Very friendly staff who want to make sure their guests are comfortable  happy. Would absolutely return  not leave for 24hrs.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DuffCooperJr
<Content>Spectacular My girlfiend and I spent 5 days at the Park Hyatt in May. We travel a lot and are able to stay in some very luxuirous hotels, this one is in our top 5 ! The hotel is on the 40th floor in a quiet area of Tokyo, noise really is'nt an issue when you are so high up though. We had a car pick us up at Narita and were greeted by the hotel staff on the ground floor. Check in was quick and our bags were already in the closet when we were taken to our room. We stayed in a Deluxe suite with 2 exposures and a spectacualr view of Tokyo. The room was well laid out and very nicely appointed. Heavy pocket doors divided the beedroom bath and living areas, so you could insure privacy for when you wanted to sleep in. The bedroom had 2 queen size beds that we pushed together. On the first day housekeeping moved the beds back to their original place, but on the 2nd visit they figured it out and left them where we had them. The bathroom offered a separate soaking tub with a louvered picutre window so you could enjoy the view of Tokyo and have some privacy at the same time, although who can see you on the 48th floor?? There is a walk in shower and 2 seaparate sinks, plenty of room for 2 people to share the space at the same time and not trip over each other.There were large flat screen tvs in both the bedroom and the living room, we would have liked to be able to hook up our Ipods to the sound system but could not do it through the system that the hotel had set up. The hotel service was by far the best of any hotel we have ever stayed in. We tend to be late risers, and after our first night, they figured this out and adopted their schedule to ours.Room Service was prompt, friendly and proffessional. The conceirege and business center staff was excellent. We also used the well appointed gym and pool wth great views of the city. As far as the restaurants go, I think this is where the hotel goes down a little in our mind we ate in 2 of the 3 restaraunts. the NY Grill on the top floor was nice, but I felt it to be a little overated, I have no specific complaints about it, food, but perhaps after reading all the other reviews about it, my expectations were a little too high. We also tried the western restaurant for dinner, food was good a little to formal for everyday dining. This is the same restaurant that is open for breakfast, again a little to formal, we opted for room service by the 2nd day. We also sampled the attirum for a coffee and a lite snack, again a little formalWe ended up spending having dinner out each nite in some of the amazing neighborhoods of Tokyo.We will return !  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ABonVoyage
<Content>Musty rooms/smoky rooms/beautiful bathrooms The first two rooms we were given had terrible musty odors. The final one we ended up in, still had a mild mildewy odor, but after our tired travels, we figured it was the best we could do. Also annoying, was that the hotel staff seemed to imply that they couldn't smell a thing, and both of us noticed the very strong odor. This despite paying top dollar! The rest of the hotel was beautiful, especially the gym with indoor pool and the atrium aria. The restaurant at the hotel is also beautiful, but don't dare wear sandals -- you won't be let in. Room service prices were out of this world. The bathroom was amazing. Location of the hotel isn't great, but it isn't bad either.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pinkfizz
<Content>Surpassed my expectations               
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ladbroke
<Content>The best       TV in room (Deluxe King)  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Deanos_Deanos
<Content>How do I change my life so I can live here? Amazing, amazing place. This was the last stop on our honeymoon and the only place where we splashed out, and it was worth every penny. We turned up a bit smelly after a 2 and a half weeks travelling around Honshu and felt like a pair of hicks as we were led through the sumptuous 42nd floor to the reception area. We were made to feel very welcome by the lady that checked us in and she even had a posy for the missus in honour of our honeymoon. As we were taken to our room, all of the staff stopped what they were doing to say hello and then we were given a guided tour of our room. It was big enough to need one! We had a large bedroom with a massive bed, and lounge and office area. The pivoting plasma screen TV was giant-size but only distracted from the amazing views on offer from the window. The bathroom had a bath so big that I floated and a seperate shower and WC. Obviously, there was a plasma screen in here too. In addition, there was a dressing room. Nice. Very nice. All of the toiletries that we *ahem* borrowed, were replaced when housekeeping came to turn down the bed. We didn't borrow the extra. There were also dressing gowns, yukata and slippers. As we ledt early the next morning for our flight home, breakfast was brought to our room on a big table, making us feel -- posh again. We had a great night of people spotting in the bar and a very nice couple of cocktails. Throughout the staff were polite, friendly and courtious. All in all, I loved it and my wife and I are currently working out which of our relatives we need to sell so that we can afford to live their all of the time.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rc3hk
<Content>Best place to stay in Shinjuku We stayed here 4 times and the spa, room and suite is wonderful. Mount Fuji can be seen sometimes early morning. The service is excellent and very helpful. Everything is near perfect except there is a japanese front desk lady who is extremly rude and possibly ruin our plans of going back there but it will gives us a chance to try out the new oriental. She was demanding, argumentative, rude, speaks with a fake western accent, not helpful at all and wears a name tag Concierge Team Leader.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TorontoMary
<Content>A way to make your trip to Japan truly memorable This is an absolutely beautiful hotel with the best service that I have ever experienced. We stayed in three Hyatts on our trip - the Grand in Tokyo and the Park Hyatt in Kyoto (which just opened in March 2006). This hotel is spectacular. There is a beautiful view of the city from each room. The rooms are gorgeous. The service is unbelievable. You are treated well no matter who you are. The pool is beautiful and also has a view of the city. The New York style restaurant has fabulous food and jazz. If you are going to splurge on your trip - stay here. You will remember it for a long time. The Grand Hyatt is nice but does not compare to this hotel. The Grand is a busier hotel and although very nice - is not at the same level.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>After this, every hotel chat wil be "Hm, is it as good as the Park Hyatt was?" Like it says a few times in other reviews, if this might be your only trip to Tokyo, stay here. I can't imagine a more enjoyable hotel stay. Arriving is wonderful - The trip up to the 41st floor, the library that you walk through as a transition zone between the public areas of the hotel and the more cosily lit guest area, the view. Man - the view! In contrast to many reviewers below, I would not stay here for just one night, or try and do this on a budget, as it would only have made me feel a bit rubbish about the other hotel I was staying in (unless it's the Hilton Conrad or the Four Seasons or the other Hyatt etc) - Rather I would save up the hotel for something special and blow 3 or 4 nights here (on my honeymoon, we stayed for 8 altogether and had only one mild complaint - not worth mentioning - the whole time, and we are fairly demanding travellers)This was a hotel where we were grateful for a day or two of bad weather so we could be stuck in the room dancing to the music we'd bought, staring out the window and going to the well equipped unbelievably located gym and pool and popping down to the Delicatessen to immerse ourselves in excellent quality food and very well heeled Japanese folk. There are good breakfast included packages - and the buffet breakfast is excellent quality, but I was glad when our rate changed to room only on our second trip here, as all the things I really wanted were not included in the breakfast package. Thus, given how much you are spending anyway, I would recommend sacrificing the extra $15 per person extra per day to enjoy the extra freedom to stuff yourself with Eggs Benedict.If you don't feel like moving far while jetlagged, ask a concierge to tell you where to find Yui-An, a reasonably priced (For Tokyo - ie $35 a head) walk-in modern Japanese restaurant with a great atmosphere and beautifully exotic menu on the 52nd floor of the nearby Sumitomo Building (We didn't eat at the Japanese restaurant in the Park so I cannot comment on it) - ask for a table next to the glass at Yui-An and you feel like you are eating with your legs dangling above the city. While the New York Grill at the top of the Park looks great fun too, for once I felt it just too difficult to marry up the atmosphere (as I meandered about staring a people's food) with the prices (and we were not worrying about the cost of things). However, the restaurant is very busy every night so you may feel differently - and if I was not already staying in the hotel, I would have appreciated the New York Grill a lot more as a one off experience. With reference to a review below about being stuck by the kitchen, I should comment that the New York Grill has an open kitchen which you can walk around (it is behind glass) and stare at - and some people (though God knows why) actually WANT to sit facing the kitchen and watching the chefs. Most people, though, would agree that it is just too hot. For us, the trip across town to Ginza to the Gordon Ramsay restaurant in the Conrad Hilton was a great option for a very memorable high class Western food and pampering experience.Like people said, the hotel is just the wrong distance from Shinjuku train station (too far to walk quickly, too near for a taxi), and the hotel is so good that you honestly don't care, and this is the price you pay for the view out towards Mt.Fuji as you eat breakfast. Given the amount of great food one eats in Tokyo, you'll welcome the excercise. Having said that, during the day there is a free and very regular shuttle bus to Shinjuku station (and back) if you walk through the lobby of the office block under the hotel and out the opposite side of the building to the hotel entrance (ie If you really can't find it just go down into the hotel's deli on the second floor and and say Shuttle bus? to someone)  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RichardLister
<Content>Overall an extremely high quality hotel       Nighttime View  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In Tokyo you get what you pay for I stayed here 3 nights last month with my girlfried. The Hotel is very elegant, and the staff are superb. I have stayed in several hotels in Tokyo and what you have to remember about Tokyo is the cost of space. In the Park Hyatt you get a large room, with a seperate dressing area and a bathroom with a very large bath and huge shower and a tv, although you will probably never switch it on in the bathroom as you have a 42 tv opposite your bed. But you probably will not look at that as your to busy looking at the amazing view from your huge windows from the 40th+ floor. Stay in another hotel and you will be lucky to get a decent size bath. I stayed in The Park Hotel in Ginza the week after and although nice, the rooms were not comparable to the Park Hyatt. The experience of this hotel starts from the minute you arrive at the door and then check in at a private desk with the superb staff.The room is cleaned twice a day and everything is just right. In the past month I have stayed in 9 hotels and this was the best, it cost 拢240 a night for two people but a bad hotel with views of a wall in Tokyo will cost you 拢60+ and its much more than 4x better!By the way I wore jeans the whole time and had not shaved for 5 days and they never battered an eyelid.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont eat dinner or drink at the bar unless you are staying here! Stayed in Shinjuku at a hotel nearby Park Hyatt and decided to have dinner with the wife there. The hotel is easy to miss since it is in a office type building with many other businesses. My first impression was this is a very elegant hotel. When we went to the restaurant that is adjacent to the New York Bar the hostess stated that there were no booths or tables open, only a few seats by the kitchen. Reluctantly we agreed, since we were already dressed up we did not want to go searching for another restaurant in a city we new hardly anything about.So they sat us at some long table facing the kitchen.Man, I gotta tell you it was Soooooo hot, almost unbarable! You feel the flames on your face, and myeyes were watering the whole time. When I looked around I found there were PLENTY booths and tables open. When I asked our server, he stated they were all reserved. Hmmm, funny, from the hour were were there nobody sat at these reserved tables. Then after dinner we decided to go to the adjoining New York bar. They sat us at some type of long bar and not the tables that were open. When I took it upon myself to occupy one, I was immediately wisked back to my original seat with my back to the piano jazz band (which we were charged $25 apiece for an entertainment tax. The lady sung one song then took off! So I paid $50 for one friggen song?! That was weak. We downed our overpriced drinks and took off majorly dissapointed. If you are going to this hotel/bar because you loved lost in translation, you should get lost in another hotel trust me.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Buzzy1
<Content>Pretty Nice Place The Tokyo Park Hyatt lives up to it's reputation.Good sized rooms, plasmas TV, excellent service allaround. Great views from everywhere. Stayed therefor free using Hyatt points. At US$500 a night,is probably quite overpriced unless you are very wealthy or on company expenses. (But Japan in generalis obscenely overpriced in dollar terms). Bars restaurants all first class. Excellent location.Very sedate, without any of the verve in the public areas one finds in more heavily trafficed hotels. One of best places I have stayed, and worth theexperience if money not an issue.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lucaerrante
<Content>Best in Tokyo Stayed four nights on a work trip. Absolutely excellent in every respect: design, service, comfort, good food (but pricey) at the restaurants, view. Expensive but still the best in Tokyo.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Leisurehead
<Content>Raising the Bar on Luxury Hotels          Reception Area  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Amazing Park Hyatt Hotel, Tokyo       Pool  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tonymus
<Content>Impossible to find Fault The Hotel was First Class in all aspects. the room had everything one could wish for , including an electrically heated toilet seat with washing and drying facilities!.The only problem we had was finding the Check in. It is on the 41st floor, and when you reach the 41st floor it seems like the elevator has stopped at a restaurant. Do not be put off at this stage: Follow the floor around and eventually you reach the check in 'Table'. You then take a furthern Elevator to your room which may be anywhere from the 42nd to 47th floor.This Hotel is difficult to fault, even for the most critical of guests.Top Tip : I think the Champagne is wrongly priced. When you look at the price of the usuual French wines, the Champagne is priced much lower. I believe the price per bottle should be 18,000 yen and it is on sale for 8,000 yen !  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gsahagun
<Content>One of best Park Hyatt Hotels in the World! The best hotel in Tokyo. The services was excellent! The rooms are huge, excellent view, and the beds so comfortable. We stayed 2 nights, and wished we stayed there longer. Gym is amazing, with the best spa! More important, my partner became ill one day, and they took us to the hospital, arranged a translator for us, and arranged payment through the hotel. I would rate this hotel the best in the town, and one the best Park Hyatt in the world. Thank you for the best service. Highly recommend the in house restaurant!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! We have stayed in good hotels before, but none compares to this. The room was massive, which large plasma/LCD TV, separate dressing room, and exceedingly spacious bathroom with separate shower and toilet enclosures.The spa is superb, with three different saunas and a large spa bath. The pool is at the top of the hotel, with wonderful views over all of Tokyo. The views from the New York Grill and Bar are second to none. Breakfast was also a delight.I cannot be too effusive about this hotel. The only down sides are that everything costs, including internet usage. I would have hoped that we would have been allowed to use the internet for free, given that we were staying there over 7th July, when London (our home town) was being bombed. However, apart from that, the service was beyond compare.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BryanZ
<Content>Most Sophisticated Hotel in Tokyo I stayed in three major hotels on my most recent trip to Japan, the Hyatt being my runaway favorite. The rooms are beautifully done, the art in the bathroom was an unexpected but very welcome treat. The full body showers are amazing, though my only complaint, and a small complaint at that, is that the high volumes of water coming from the three faucets caused some leakage onto the bathroom floor. Perhaps they need to buy better seals for the bottom of the shower door.Anyway back to the room and hotel. The beds were quite comfortable, even in notoriously firm-mattressed Japan and the the pure white linens were extremely elegant. From the large LCD television, the wall of windows looking out to the Tokyo cityscape, to the ornamental books in each room that actually included some very good classic titles, I cannot rave enough about the room. The service is very gracious, as well, though this is to be expected at true 5-star hotel in Japan. Even though this hotel is a little far from Shinjuku Station, the shuttle is quite convenient. All in all this an excellent hotel by any standards.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>claassenam
<Content>Best Hotel Yet! After 5 nights at the Akasaka Prince (a decent hotel) at year's end 2004, my husband and I looked forward to our one special night at the Park Hyatt to ring in the year 2005. (At New Year's rates, that's all we could afford at the Park Hyatt!) We had an excellent stay. The design of the hotel is subtle but gorgeous with beautiful art throughout. The rooms are quite large and comfortable with amazing views, especially on the Mt. Fuji side. The hotel is intimate with great service, so any guest will feel like the VIP. The bathrooms are well-designed with a soaking tub and separate shower.Since most everything in Tokyo is closed on New Year's Day, we had an excellent excuse to camp out at the hotel and make the most of our one day. We had a beautiful room service breakfast, an excellent mediterranean lunch from the gourmet deli on the first floor of the hotel and some wonderful sweets from the chocolate shop. We used the extensive workout/pool facilities where again you have the amazing views. Finally, we had an excellent, romantic dinner at New York Grill, the Park Hyatt's signature restaurant that has floor-to-ceiling views out over Tokyo from virtually any table. With our total tab for stay and food coming in at over $1500 for the one night's stay, this was a splurge for us, but well worth it! We travel quite often, staying in the top hotels wherever we are and found the Park Hyatt to be our favorite hotel yet! After just one night, we were sad to leave. If you can even come close to affording the Park Hyatt, splurge and stay here during your Tokyo visit. You won't regret it!  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Flaherty99
<Content>Greatest ever? We stayed a week in the Park Hyatt in one of the park rooms. The one word that keeps on coming up when we discuss the stay is flawless and I could spend hours waffling about how fantastic the place is. The service was discrete, friendly and impeccable, the room fabulous (dark woods, plasma screen, japanese prints), the food excellent (if pricey) and the view from the 47th floor on clear days was an unbelievable cityscape. Be warned if you're not good with heights - it took me three days before I could look directly down from our window. The breakfasts were the best we have had and I am told by my wife that the bathroom was best ever.The only negative I can report is that the American bar isn't quite what it's made out to be. We endured an evening of awful soft jazz surrounded by loud eejits in suits on biz trips (American and European). For beer and the craic you're much better off going out. The world of 5* hotels is littered with disappointments - not here, and I would unreservedly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bribri2809
<Content>Great hotel My husband and I spent a week-end last month at the Park Hyatt. We stayed in a great corner view suite. Lots of space and amazing view of Tokyo. The pool and gym are on the 52 floor enclosed in all glass dome with view of Tokyo. I did a cardio workout around 5 o'clock with the sun going down and all the beautiful light coming trough. Was just amazing! One of the concierge Adrian was so nice and helpful. Restaurants are very good but soooo expensive ( 80US$ for a tenderloin of beef)!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb!       City View sunrise  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well worth the price. I was a little hesitant over the price of the rooms but it's Tokyo and even a cheap hotel is $200+ a night. I paid a little extra for the West view... woke up to Mount Fuji in the mornings. Great little touches and excellent service. Ordered flowers and they had them delivered in a couple of hours. Loved all the great original artwork and the books. Very Modern, fits perfectly with the city of Tokyo. Had dinner at the New York Grill and lunch at the Peak Lounge. Both with great views, attentive service and reasonable prices (for Tokyo and quality).May stay there again but my wife and I like to sample different experiences.I would agree with all the reviews about the Park Hyatt as THE Hotel to stay aat if you are visiting Tokyo for the first or only time.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kessel
<Content>Discreet citadel of comfort in the sky   showReview(3178963, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five Stars Are Not Enough for the Amazing Park Hyatt, Tokyo   showReview(3079607, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bizguy
<Content>Best hotel ever   showReview(2906607, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>squirrelone
<Content>Expensive but excellent.   showReview(2622342, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gougoul
<Content>Great place   showReview(2518237, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I love this hotel!   showReview(2443953, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A class of its own   showReview(2381362, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel in the World?   showReview(2312298, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravellerBD
<Content>Best hotel I've stayed in   showReview(2205836, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carlyle
<Content>First rate meal   showReview(2182434, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hisahisa
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銇娿倐銇︺仾銇?#x201d;   showReview(23364888, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銉涖儐銉優銉嬨偄
<Content>灏忚妯°儧銉嗐儷鈥︽渶楂樸€?#x201d;       銈儭銉嬨儐銈ｃ兗銇偆銈姐儍銉椼€傘仐銈冦倢銇︺伨銇欍€?/a>  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>popo锛愶紮锛愶紮
<Content>澶溿伄闈掋亜鍏夈仺鏈濄伄缇庡懗銇椼亜璧?#x201d;   showReview(22972239, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>marinao
<Content>Le Paradis se trouve au Japon   showReview(21926802, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HIRO0522
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傞洶鍥叉皸銇屻亗銈娿伨銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(21363724, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>銈屻亜锛?> 銈屻亜锛?</a> </div>
<Content>瑕垏銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(20616421, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chiakipenguin
<Content>鐩稿銈忋倝銇氥€佺礌鏅淬倝銇椼亜銇с仚       TV Board / 銉嗐儸銉撶瓑  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nekomu
<Content>銈广儐銈仚銇庯紒   showReview(19458533, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tonyfrenchn
<Content>Extraodinaire   showReview(19197070, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>elarqui
<Content>Acorde al precio   showReview(18098177, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	4	2	

<Author>emma28Paris
<Content>merveilleux h么tel   showReview(15274129, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>valisealamain
<Content>Surtout ne le dites pas : le r锚ve   showReview(14119114, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PAO75
<Content>Excellent mais...   showReview(8021116, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>machupichu7wonder
<Content>atenci贸n exquisita       de madrugada, Domingo a las 05:00 a.m.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>viclouzon
<Content>Plus Bel Hotel du monde   showReview(6451928, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

