<Author>andreas_violeta
<Content>Fantastic hotel with large room  The hotel is very well located in the centre of Montmatre, the metro is just 5 minutes walk from it. We stayed 4 nights in the hotel which is very clean, smells good, our room (405) was much bigger than expected, very clean and had a view over the cemetery of Montmatre, Paris and with the Eiffel tower at the background. Breakfast is delicious and takes place in the lovely modern restaurant of the hotel, but remember not to be later than 10am 鈥榗ause the maitre is a bit insolent with that. The restaurant is also a good place to have dinner (nice and food is good). The staff is polite, easy and helpful. The hotel has a bar with fire place and live piano music all afternoons. The only thing I鈥檇 like to say is that curtains would make a difference while taking a shower. We will surely go back to that hotel when we go to Paris again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>littleireland
<Content>overpriced While the staff were very nice and room comfortable the decor is a bit faded for this kind of price. The tiles where chipped around the bath and there were very few extras in the bathroom which you would expect like even a nail file. The minibar charged 4 euros for a small bottle of water or juice. While the location is great there are better prices to be had in paris. Try Le relais Gascon restaurant close by for good value food though.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>HullParisGirl
<Content>Nothing too much trouble at this great find! We have just spent our honeymoon, a week in Paris at the Terrass Hotel in Montmartre, booked through Thomas Cook. After reading several reviews on this very site, I requested room 801 on booking, and when we arrived at the hotel on a very chilly December afternoon, the receptionist informed us that unfortunately someone was in the room, but would we like to move into it when it became available a few days later. I thought this was nice of her as she didn't need to do that. We did also notice when we arrived that there was some very loud drilling going on, and there was a notice up apologising for the inconvenience, but to be honest, we hardly heard a peep out of the builders, except when we saw the odd one on our travels, and they were very polite!We began in Room 305, which was traditionally furnished and had 2 slight drawbacks, a footboard on the bed, and as we're quite tall it was hard for us to stretch out, and only a bath - no shower, although there was a hose but not wall mounted, which was also a bit of a pain, although having said that, after the amount of walking we did, our bodies were glad of a soak in the bath!Our first evening was spent in Le Diapason, the hotel's gourmet restaurant, it was expensive and very nouvelle cuisine (tiny portions!) but very nice, and the staff were very helpful. Breakfast was generally good, typical continental style and sometimes with eggs depending on which waitress was serving you, and if they remembered!We were advised to ask the concierge (as opposed to the receptionist), if we needed to know anything, and it was so true, the ones we dealt with, Louis and Guy were fabulous, offering advice about restaurants, times to visit places, how to get Metro tickets etc, they even made restaurant reservations for us, very efficiently too.On the Friday, we were able to move to room 801, and the view was as spectacular as I'd hoped, and there was (hooray) no footboard and a wall-mounted shower! The room was gorgeous, the only drawback was, we discovered a very loud howling wind whipping past the shutters, but that was only for one night! The remaining two were absolutely fine.All in all, a very good trip to a great hotel, we'll be going back (although going on Paris prices, it won't be till our 25th wedding anniversary!)  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mise_8
<Content>Great romantic break hotel Just returned from a wonderful romantic trip to Paris for our tenth wedding anniversary. Terrass hotel was perfect. Great location. Lovely room. Individual touch. Not like staying in a big chain hotel. Magnificent views of the eiffel tower from our room on the top floor. Buffet breakfast was superb.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>saoirsemoo
<Content>Comfortable beds, lovely decor The room was comfortable, bed very comfortable. It was clean, had tea/coffee making facilities, the bathroom was spacious. We requested a room with a view of Paris upon booking, and we were rewarded with views of Paris, along with the nightly light show from the Eiffel Tower.The breakfast buttet was delicious, which made the trips around Paris easier with a full stomach. A wide variety of continental breakfast foods available, including eggs if requested.The metro is approx 5 minutes away, and the Montmartre/ Sacre Coeur just up the hill behind the hotel. There are several lovely restaurants in close proximity to the hotel, which we dined out at. Simple but delicious french fare.Staff were friendly and had suggestions on where was good to eat.I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MetEngTourist
<Content>Review of Terrass Hotel Room very good; well laid-out. The room faced into an inner court rather than onto the main road so it was very quiet. The front desk staff were great, especially Daniele Lidon the chief concierge. However, the overall experience was down-graded by the poor service in the restaurant. Service was slow, and most of them didn't seem to know what to do. The kitchen was very slow, taking 15 minutes just to produce 2 poached eggs. This was disappointing; otherwise the rest of the hotel is very good. It's position is also good relative to transportation and the centre of Paris.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hobart_traveller
<Content>Great views and breakfast We stayed at the Terrass for 4 nights in May for our honeymoon. As we expected the room was small but very pleasant with a great view over Paris, including the Eiffel Tower. The location is quite good with easy access to the Metro. Rue des Abbesses, which runs along the front of the hotel, is full of shops and restaurants. The breakfast at Terrass is very good, they have the usual spread but will also do eggs if you ask.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Banano
<Content>Perfect hotel in beautiful Montmartre We stayed in a standard room which was small but lovely, very nicely decorated with french doors that open onto a small balcony. As we were on the second floor we didn't have the views over Paris and the hotel does face onto the graveyard - but this graveyard is a tourist attraction in itself as many famous French people are burried there. We also made use of the terrace on the 7th floor which had wonderful views - we sat up there when the restaurant was closed with a bottle of wine and enjoyed the views with the place to ourselves watching the lights on the Eiffel tower change - perfect! I have read many reviews where people have upgraded and I would say do it to get the views from your room if cost is no object. However for us it was too expensive to upgrade as we got a great deal with one night free for our standard room - we loved our stay anyway and would not stay anywhere else in Paris. We did not include breakfast in our room either as it was expensive, we did however love going out on the morning to a local cafe to enjoy cafe au lait and pain au chocolat.Montmartre is safe, beautiful and in my opinion the most characterful area of Paris within easy reach of all major attractions.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thediscoqueen
<Content>Honeymoon Hospitality We just returned from our honeymoon in Paris and couldn't wait to commend the staff of the Terrass Hotel. All of the concierges were extremely knowledgable and made us feel like old friends. Our room was exceptionally clean, comfortable and had a great view of the Eiffel Tower from our bed.The breakfast buffet which was included in our room rate was delicious and plentiful. The rooftop restaurant provided an exceptional view of the Eiffel Tower and Paris and was home to many a romantic moment for us.The hotel location is a 5 minute walk from the Metro with an easy connection to just about any destination in Paris.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>inca_8
<Content>Lovely hotel       View by night from the hotel room  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Regular_site_user
<Content>great weekend break We had a brilliant weekend at the Terrass Hotel, stayed in a lovely traditional suite, room 605, with excellent views over Paris. The king size bed was great, and we slept well, thanks to double glazing and the shutters.The hotel is in a brilliant location in the middle of Montmartre with lots of great bars, restaurants, and small shops. We were disappointed by breakfast there though.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Dovaroma
<Content>Great Place, good location The Hotel Terrass was perfect for our one night stay, - my daughter and I arrived late afternoon after booking online - the Receptionist was very friendly and we were soon in the lift on the way to our room, (416). As soon as we opened the door the room looked very luxurious, decorated in blue and yellow with a large glass table  chairs, kettle  hospitality basket. The en-suite bathroom was lovely, with two sinks, corner bath / shower  separate toilet. Ample towels and lovely complimentary toiletries. Electric shutters and air conditioning (although this was a bit noisy so we turned it off!) - our accommodation was very spacious and comfortable.Breakfast the following morning was in the restaurant downstairs, you can choose where you sit, and tea or coffee is served to your table. We took from the buffet - bread, coissants, pain au chocolates, ham, cheese, yoghurts, fresh fruit  orange juice - a hot breakfast was also available if you prefer something cooked.The Terrass is within easy walking distance of The Moulin Rouge, and the Sacre Coeur / Monmatre. There are many cafes and bars within a 5 minute walk - however our room was very quite and we were not disturbed at all during the night.The nearest Metro is Blanche which is a lovely Art Deco sign, directly opposite the Moulin Rouge. - (to get to the Terrass - walk infront of the Moulin Rouge away from the metro to the end of that street, - then take a right (metal bridge over cemetary) the Terrass is on the corner and very easy to find!).I would love to return to Paris one day, - and would definately consider staying at the Terrass again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fluffychuffy
<Content>Lovely Montmartre hotel We have stayed at the Terrass hotel twice now and have always booked a deluxe room with the hammam (steam shower). We have been given the same room each time which is lovely and spacious with a large bed and bathroom. Very sleek modern decor and flat screen tv but if you are form the UK then dont expect lots of channels to watch as there is only CNN and BBC World in English. We didnt eat in the restaurant but it did look nice and the roof terrace has a fantastic view so if you can go and sit up there do. The staff are very nice and it is clean adn well maintained. It is just a 5 min walk to Blanche or 10 mins to Place de Clichy metro so couldnt be easier to get to , especially from Gare du Nord if you come on Eurostar. There is a fantastic cafe just round the corner from the hotel called le cafe qui parle (there is 2, one it takeaway and is very nice but the other is sit down) which does a brunch where you can eat all you like and they have an array of cereals, compotes, croissants, yogurt etc - really delicious. The hotel is also a stones throw form all the nightlife and restaurants so you can just wander about at nigt taking in the Parisian atmosphere and of course you are right near Moulin Rouge which is all a bit tacky but fun to wander around. I would certainly recommend this hotel for its fab rooms and location  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pleasure2holiday
<Content>Definitely worth the upgrade to a suite       Sofa  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clobella
<Content>Lovely hotel, terrific location Have just returned from a four night stay, booked at very reasonable rate. Room whilst small was very comfortableand clean. Good bathroom with plenty of towels. Also hadtea and coffee facilities, not always found in French hotels.I think it has been recently refurbished and it is very nice indeed. Lovely lobby area in nice setting with plenty of sofas and chairs. Breakfast had good choice and everyone was very pleasant.Location is great - a previous reviewer made mention of it being near metro stations which weren't pleasant late at night.We used Abbesse which was at the end of the lovely roadalongside the Terrass and there was no problem at all.Yes hotel is opposite a cemetary but it's very interestingwith some famous people buried there and believe it or notworth a look!Would definitely stay here again. The area is just before thereal touristy part of Montmartre and there were lovely shops andcafes etc along the Rue des Abbesses which were always packed with mainly locals and students.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MelWLincolnshire
<Content>Nice little 4 star in Paris This little hotel deserves its 4 stars: great location in walking distance (albeit up steep hill!) from Montmartre in one direction and place de l opera via the Pigalle in the other. Clean and comfortable, roms on the small side but adequate; great views from some but not others so be sure to ask when you book. Fabulous views from the little terrace restaurant on the roof, although the food was very arty and left us all hungry! Cosy bar area on ground floor and good service from both bar and concierge staff. They like it if you speak french but are all happy to speak english if necessary.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>madamew
<Content>the wonderful Terrass Hotel       petit dejeuner  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>luvfortravelling
<Content>Once was enough. We made our decision to stay here after seeing their website. Totally misleading. This hotel is a 3 star, not a 4 star. Hotel reception not very friendly. Some staff members were friendly, but it wasn't their regular attitude.  At 2 am, a group of drunk guests started singing along to Karaoke really loudly. We called the reception 3 times to complain. They kept saying 'We will see to it, sir' every time, but nothing really happened. It really ruins the good vibe you picked up from touring beautiful places during the day.Shower room is incredibly tiny. They have fit in the modern features of jet shower, but not practical since there is no room to really move about. Not a very good location if you want to tour around the centre of Paris by metro. Our trip back to hotel after a romantic dinner or beautiful tour around Paris wasn't pleasant. Metro full of drunk people. Probably because you have to use the metro right in the middle of red district. The hotel is right next to the cemetery as well. I wasn't aware of this until we checked in. Next time, we will book a hotel in saint Germaine area.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	2	3	

<Author>lugsy
<Content>A lovely well run hotel with warm friendly and welcomng staff I discovered the Terrass 10 years ago and have been staying there regularly ever since on my frequent business visits to Paris.The location is convenient for all the main tourist venues and is in the quaint Montmartre district.The entrance foyer is warm and welcoming and the Reception staff are always wonderfully friendly, helpful and courteous.The rooms are well appointed but small and always scrupulously clean.The restaurant is beautiful with a superb ambiance and the restaurant staff are delightful and the food also.I don't like having to stay away from home on business but I love this hotel which I regard as a home form home and I will stay nowhere else in Paris.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Guido1974
<Content>nice retreat and excellent location We stayed for 3 nights in this lovely hotel in the Montmatre area. We had a junior suite since we took our son of 3 with us. Spacious and well-maintained room with a lovely view over Paris and lit-up Eiffel tower at night time. Bathroom was relatively small but still had a bath and separate shower.The location of the hotel was perfect for taking trips down to either the heart of the city or to stay close to Sacre Coeur area which is just around the corner. Good restaurants closeby (La Mascotte in Rue des Abbesses) but stay away from the tourists traps on Place du Tetre on Monmatre. Another tip is Moulin de la Galette on rue lepic.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>DallasSandyTraveler
<Content>Fabulous Hotel in Montmartre Our recent stay at the Hotel Terrass in the Montmartre area of Paris was beyond our expectations on every score. Our junior suite was lovely, well appointed, extremely comfortable and spacious, even for three people, my husband and I and our 16 year old daughter. The view was incredible. Paris lay at our feet from the small balcony and the Eiffel Tower greeted us to our left. The food - both room service and the restaurant - was exquiste, delicious and beautifully presented. The staff and service were magnificent. Everyone was extremely helpful, especially Daniele, the Concierge. She made us feel welcome and our stay in Montmartre was so much more because of her attention to detail and friendly manner. We would highly recommend this hotel and plan to stay there again whenever we return to Paris.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wolvespremier
<Content>Fab hotel - luxurious and a great location! I travelled to Paris to see Robbie Williams at the Parc des Princes before we jetted off to Marbella on the second part of our trip. We stayed at the Terrass hotel in Paris for 3 nights. The hotel which is situated on a hillside was luxurious and the views were fabulous. We stopped in a room which had a double jacuzzi shower. The room was spacious and extremely secure with remote control shutters, however the view from our particular room was of other parts of the hotel though I am sure there are rooms with amazing views at the front of the hotel - so try and get one of those!I would recommend you eat in the Terrass restaurant (Terrace) which is situated if my memory serves me on the 5th floor and is open air. The views from the restaurant are amazing and at night the Eiffel Tower is lit up which makes it very special, the food was great and fine wine was on tap which helped creat a fabulous ambience and a great taste of Paris. The location is perfect, not too busy with tourists but mainly locals mulling around the chic boutiques and coffee shops. It is situated idylicly in the Montmartre region and within walking distance (though up hills) of the Sacre Couer. There are markets nearby which sell canvass paintings and lots of shops selling original art at very competitive prices. The food outside the hotel was great too, the smell of croissants filled the air and the whole trip felt relaxed as thats how the locals seem to carry out their day to day activities. The staff were helpful and friendly, but book early to get into the restaurant as its very popular. The staff kindly squeezed us in on a cancellation and nothing was too much for them. Overall a thoroughly enjoyable trip to Paris which was underpinned by my stay at the Terrass!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>FrenchieMiltonKeynes
<Content>Struck Lucky with The Terrass Hotel Just returned from a very pleasant 4 days in Paris (apart from the weather)My wife and I found the hotel to be first class. We had a classic room but this was a decent size and overlooked the Eiffel Tower. It was in first class decorative order as was the rest of the hoteland even our bath included a jacuzzi.The hotel is only 5-6 mins walk away from Blanche Stn on the metro so is convenient for travel.The breakfast was continental and very adequate and the staff extremely helpful. I would go back to this hotel tommorrow  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jasemfc
<Content>Loved It Have just come back from a weekend in Paris and thought the Terrass was a lovely hotel. We decided to stay just outside the main part of paris...not far though and in doing so learn a little more about how the locals spend their evenings.We have recently stayed at the Ritz for our honeymoon which was really nice, however this hotel gives you a feel of having the personal touch. The local restaurants were really reasonably priced compared to staying near the champs. We stayed in room 603 which was a suite this was very clean and tidy and the only issue we had was the fact the hotel was having some renovation work carried out, which occasionally was noticeable with some drilling etc. Mind you the hotel manager sent up a complementary bottle of champagne for this minor inconvenience. Would certainly go back to this very nice hotel...Well worth a try  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GolfEurope2006
<Content>The Terrass exposed.... Like the previous reviewer , we were in Paris to celebrate a special birthday and the charming lady who welcomed us on a dreadful wet and windy afternoon gave us the spledid room with a view - 801.Paris lay exposed in front of our eighth floor eyrie, high on the Monmartre hill ,and the view was indeed magnificent. Unfortunatly , the weather didnt get any better and whilst we were having dinner , the picture window blew open and we returned to a somewhat dishevelled room. We were relocted immediatly and without any problem to another very nice ,compact room , but sadly didnt have that fabulous view anymore.The hotel staff were warm,friendly and polite in every department, the hotel itself was exceptionally comfortable in a homely sort of way and we will definately stay there again in the future.We would even ask for room 801 , but check the weather forecast first.A note regarding the restaurant menu (english translated version) - the shellfish sausage with sea scum (sic) was very tasty , the 'scum' being a foamy sauce!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>wowfactor
<Content>Fantastique! This hotel was just perfect. Located in a quaint part of Paris, near to lots of good bars and restaurants and near to a couple of metro stops. Our room was 801, on the top floor. As it was a birthday treat we'd asked for a view and were not disappointed! And, as a previous reviewer has said, it's like having your very own (well appointed) attic all to yourself. The room was well decorated and very clean and we liked the fact that the decor was a bit different to your usual souless hotel room. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was a bit hit and miss (especially the hot stuff) and the internet in the business centre didn't work. But minor points in an overall excellent stay. Would highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	-1	2	

<Author>Bal_7
<Content>Highly Recommended We stayed at the Terrass from Dec 29th till Jan 3rd 2008. The hotel is very well located with the Abessess metro stop nearby, which takes you to the centre of Paris. It's also in a lovely area with a real community feel with some fantastic restaurants and shops. As a consequence my partner and I ate many of our evening meals there.As for the hotel, the rooms were clean (although small I have stayed in smaller) and the staff were pleasant and hepful. My favourite thing was the spacious power shower which ALWAYS had hot water (again something I tend to have bad luck with!). The only downside was maybe the lack of English language channels on the TV. It wasn't a big deal as we didn't watch much TV but they did have Italian and German language channels and all we could watch was BBC World! Also as vegetarian there wasn't a great choice at the breakfast buffet (which relies on its cold cuts).The terrace itself has amazing views of the city and we brought the New Year in on it whilst drinking champagne.All in all a great hotel which I would thoroughly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tlow
<Content>Very convenient location I recently stayed for 9 nights at the Terrass Hotel. I thouroughly enjoyed the experience. It was a very convenient location for catching the metro. The surrounding area was handy for grabbing snacks and gifts. I would stay at this hotel again. My room was very small, but nicely done. I had everything I needed. I ate in the hotel restaurant a couple of times, and while I found the breakfast buffet lacking, the staff were more than happy to allow me to order something else. The lunch was very nice. If you are looking for a place to stay, and not overly concerned about having a luxury hotel, then this is the one for you. Not to say that the hotel was bad, just basic. Again, it fit my needs, entirely.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Sur_la_route
<Content>Very nice Great little hotel in Montmartre. Great location and if you can get a room with a view, then you're in heaven. It's beautiful and quiet although the rooms are on the smallish side.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ch33kyMonk3y
<Content>Amazing Hotel!! What an amazing hotel!! I booked a standard room with Hotels Direct for a bargain price. We arrived in Paris on Saturday morning and booked into the hotel and decided to upgrade to a deluxe suite after seeing the standard room. For an extra 90 euroes (for two nights) the room was huge, had a jacuzzi, a view of the Eiffell Tower and a balcony.The people were friendly, the concierge helpful and the bar comfortable and relaxing. I go to Paris once a year and this has to be the best hotel I have stayed in so far. Rooms are normally tiny and the reception staff are rude to say the least - so this hotel was a complete breath of fresh air!!Breakfast was great, I didn't expect a great deal but asked for fried eggs, bacon and some sausages and what arrived was a tasty selection of fresh continental breakfast! There was also a wide selection of cold meats, cereals, breads and croissants to keep anyone happy. PLease note that this hotel if anywhere else wouldn't be as amazing for the price but having stayed in MANY hotels in Paris this definitely tops the lot!!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ElaineRobert
<Content>Perfect! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel during the rugby World Cup, and had a wonderful time. Our room was sylish, comfortable and spacious (by Paris standards). The staff are efficient and helpful. After the match we had cocktails in the bar and were entertained by the pianist - and the other guests too! Drinks are quite pricey for us Brits, but if you drink slowly (as the Parisians do), you won't be too suprised at the bill at the end of your stay. Anyway, it was worth it. Great area too - Monmartre is like a village made up of interesting shops very good restaurants and jazz bars. Prefer this area to any other in Paris. Would definately book again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>pastilles-la-menthe
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Area HotelVery clean. Staff extremely friendly and helpful. Breakfast excellent 鈥?great poached eggs. As we had a baby with us, and I emailed beforehand to check on cot availability, they upgraded us for free to a junior suite. Could see top of Eifel Tower from the room. View from roof terrace on top floor is really good. Try to get a package deal. Company we used gave us three nights for price of two, so was very good value. LocationLoved it. Metro strike meant we spent a whole day in the area and it was great. Close to Sacre Coeur with it鈥檚 stunning setting. Lots of shops, restaurants and bakers nearby. Shop selling Organic or 鈥?bio鈥?stuff in St around the back. Good size supermarket nearby as well. Bus stops outside hotel for Eiffel Tower and for the Louvre. Taxi from Gare du Nord 11 Euros. Only catch official taxis that have a meter. Cowboys outside wanted 70 Euros for same journey. Preferred this area to other parts of Paris. Last time we stayed near Eiffel Tower, but this was better. Transport Strike advice.Buses were running but during rush hour were packed. 鈥?impossible to get on with a push chair. Queue for taxis directly outside gare du nord were massive, but a short work out an alternate exit and then two minutes over the road was another taxi rank that was much quieter. Some Metros were running though with not a bad service so all in all I wouldn鈥檛 let it put you off.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>missmuppet74
<Content>A lovely old-fashioned hotel We stayed at the Terrass for my fianc茅's birthday trip and had a lovely time there. The staff were charming and very helpful, and were especially kind in humouring me in practising my French! The room was nice, although our particular view was not especially attractive, but if this matters to you, I would imagine the staff would be happy to help.The location is good for those who are looking for plenty of street life without the overwhelming hustle and bustle of some of the busy central areas. There are nice cafes, good restaurants and plenty of boutiques and independent shops, plus you can walk down the hill to see the Moulin Rouge. We went one evening to see what the fuss was about and it was tacky. Go only if you have lots of money to spend, as it is expensive and not something I would recommend.There are two metro stations within walking distance, but if you are not fully mobile, the steeply sloping streets in this part of the city may present difficulties.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>hebrides2006
<Content>Fabulous hotel, fabulous service. We were slightly concerned after reading some of the reviews but the hotel itself and the service we received whilst there was fantastic. This was our third trip to Paris and we found this hotel particularly spacious compared to other hotels of the same rating that we'd stayed in before. There is a lovely bar/lounge area (although we were disappointed that there was no pianist in August) and the bedroom and bathroom were very well appointed. The restaurant on the ground floor was much bigger than any we have encountered before and the expense of dining on the roof terrace is well worth it (make sure you wear something warm!). Don't be put off by some of the photographs on this site - the rooms are decorated in what appears to be an odd grey colour but they really are lovely in reality and the walls are lined with material, not paper. Look out for the murals on the lift doors too - very unusual! It really is a lovely hotel and the staff are extremely helpful. We have planned to take relatives with us when we next visit in August 2008. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cphs73-75
<Content>Fabulous Choice My husband and I celebrated my 50th birthday in Paris. We selected this hotel based on other reviews we had read. It was a fabulous choice. Montmarte is the highest point in Paris with great views. Ask for a room with a view, we were thrilled when our room had a balcony with a view of the Eiffel Tower. The hotel was located near 2 Metro stops. There are wonderful cafe's and great restaurants in the area. The hotel staff was helpful but not overly friendly. Definitely a good choice and recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>YorkshireRunner
<Content>Pleasantly surprised by the quality       Montmartre Cemetery from the 7th floor  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ali18
<Content>loved the hotel  I have just come back from 3 nights at the hotel - we upgraded to a suite which was huge for a Paris hotel.The rooms were lovely 鈥?although we were lower floor we didn鈥檛 have a view which was a shame  quite noisy.The hotel itself is spotless  staff very helpful.My only real complaint was the price it is expensive especially as you have to pay extra for breakfast, there are also no facilities as such there.The mini bar was as usual horrendously pricedThe location is fantastic.Would I stay there again 鈥?probably not due to the price  the fact I would like to explore other areas of Paris  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ENG03
<Content>Clothes stollen from our room on the 4th floor We were looking forward to staying at this hotel, for the past three years we had stayed in the area and had seen the hotel; we liked the look of it and so we booked our short break. Our room was average and on the 4th floor, it looked into the courtyard, not a huge problem but obviously no views. On our first day we left our room in the morning, the room door was locked when we left and we spent a good day seeing the sights. At 6pm we returned to find things had been disturbed in our room, on opening the wardrobe it was evident that many itmes of clothing and other valuable items were missing. We reported this immediately the reception staff. The reception staff were surprised, and claimed that this had never happened before. A member of staff came to our room, she took notes and remineded us to keep the windows locked; they were. She asked if the clothes were under the bed; they weren't. She said her staff were honest and had worked there for years. She told us that two of the hotel staff had entered the room that afternoon - this had been recoded on the electronic key. Not once did she apologise, she was defensive and we had no confidence that she will look into the theft which we reported to the police. Other valuable and setimental items were taken in addition to the clothing. We left the hotel the follwoing day as we did not trust anyone there anymore. I would NOT recommend this hotel to my friends or family. BEWARE.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hugo-Balentine
<Content>Amazing! I鈥檓 a little late in writing this, ok so its well over a year, but it would be rude if I didn't mention this wonderful hotel. I stayed here with my girlfriend (who I would be proposing to on this trip) After months of research and very careful planning, our trip was almost disrupted due to high security problems at Heathrow airport last year. We were extremely lucky to have even flown out. Due to the problems at Heathrow we did not receive our luggage and all we had were our passports and our cash cards. That was all!! The Terrass was so helpful managing to provide us with t-shirts, toothbrushes, cleaning products etc. If this wasn鈥檛 enough they even upgraded us to a junior suit (if memory serves me correctly it was room 704). The room was exactly as I imagined it to be, if not better. It was clean, neat and very spacious with a clear and uninterrupted view of Paris and the Eiffel Tower. The bathroom was very large and well kept. The location is perfect. Tucked away in the traditional French streets, surrounded by cafes and small shops, although busy it becomes quiet towards the evening so do not worry. By foot you could reach all the main streets leading to the main attractions this should take around 20 minutes. Do not miss the Moulin Rouge. It鈥檚 an amazing show and a must on any trip to Paris. Again the Terrass helped by booking the tickets. Due to the smart dress code we needed to buy clothes at short notice. The Terrass couldn't have been kinder by drawing a detailed map to all the local shops were we could get as dressed up as possible. All in all this is a wonderful hotel which I cannot wait to visit again. A must if you are to stay in Paris.  if you're wondering she did say yes!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>asaspacey
<Content>Wow! We stayed for 3 nights as a part of our honeymoon in Paris. Wow! The junior suite was amazing! The rooms were clean and massive for french standards. I will be coming back here every year. I cannot recommend this hotel enough. Go, book it now. Book the Junior Suite - don't bother with inclusive breakfast - go to the local supermarket and take your breakfast on the balcony.If you want to stay in Paris, stay here.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>amydd
<Content>We Loved the Terrass!       Room 801 (a little dark)  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>Alirog
<Content>Good stay in Paris Stayed 3 nights. Hotel in good location, lots of restaurants nearby for evening  near several metro stops for sightseeing. If you can get the 170 Euros inc breakfast rate this is a great deal - if you have to pay extra for breakfast I wouldn't bother, have it nearby. Our rooms were fairly small,but not bad sized for Paris  had nice bathrooms. The staff were ok, but did not go out of their way to welcome us or explain where breakfast was served etc. If you stay here, seek out Chez Toinette which is a bistro about 5 minutes from hotel, its serves great french food in a friendly atmosphere. If I was staying in Paris again I would consider the Terrass Hotel, but only if the price was reasonable.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>sbgary1
<Content>The best part of Paris First, let me say that my wife is very picky about the hotels she stays in. After the first couple of nights at the Terrass Hotel, she told me 鈥淭he Terrass Hotel is the best part of our visit to Paris鈥? We stayed in a Junior Suite and it was very clean, very classy and had a balcony that looked to the west and south, giving us a good view of the Eiffel Tower. This was a five star room if ever there was on. The Junior Suite has a separate shower and tub, king size bed in a room by itself and in the other room, a pull down single (used by our son). Our friend stayed in a standard room, which she enjoyed as well.The only problems we encountered were the fact that they were doing some remodeling just off the lobby which had somehow disrupted their internet service, They did, however, have wireless access in the lobby, for which they gave me a passcode free of charge. The hotel staff was VERY attentive, giving us a great recommendation on a nearby restaurant, the Pepone, a great Italian restaurant, run by Italians. One day my son and I caught the train out to Disneyland Paris, leaving my wife and her friend to 鈥渇end鈥?for themselves about Paris. When they asked how to catch the bus, the concierge, rather than risk confusing them, walked them across and down the street to the bus stop to be sure they got on the correct bus. Try to get that kind of service at a chain hotel! The staff鈥檚 English was very good, all the way down to housekeeping.We did not use the restaurant, as we are not big on French food or restaurants (mostly pizza and French fries). During our stay, you had go outside to the street to enter the restaurant, as they were remodeling access way from the lobby to the restaurant. They have a terrace bar/restaurant on top of the building, which has a beautiful view of Paris. You must go up their just before the hour at night to see the Eiffel Tower 鈥榮parkle鈥? It was closed most of the time we were there because of rain, but you still have access to the terrace. The hotel is not centrally located, but is very close to the bus stop and about three blocks from the Metro. The taxi drivers weren鈥檛 usually familiar with the hotel (maybe it was my French), so get the concierge to draw you a little map with the address to take with you to show the driver. All and all, it was one of the best hotels I鈥檝e ever stayed in and we HIGHLY recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LaurieEngland
<Content>Don't assume that you will be able to have dinner here. Very nice room, not huge but we have stayed in smaller 4* hotel rooms in London.We had dinner in the hotel restaurant on the first night of our 4 night stay. The food was fabulous if a little expensive. We decided that we would economise on our lunches out and eat in the hotel restaurant every evening. We attempted to book for the next evening and were told that they were full for the next two evenings and closed on Sundays. This was not actually true. they closed for three evenings. So we were staying in a 4* hotel but unable to eat there in the evenings.We had booked for breakfast, and, after reading reviews here I was interested to see if we would be offered a cooked breakfast. The earlier comments were correct. It seems to be a closely guarded secret that a cooked meal is available. We were told 'it's a buffet'. I said actually we would prefer a cooked breakfast. This was immediately agreed to. I asked for bacon scrambled eggs and tomatoes. They had run out of bacon (9.15 a.m.) but offered sausages instead. The food was beautifully cooked and presented. The weekend morning staff were very obliging but again no offer of cooked food was made, but quickly provided when we asked for it.They ran out of bacon on Monday too. How strange to do that twice in four days, but the sausages were an excellent replacement.Food was very disappointing in the other places nearby.We were not told that the hotel restaurant sometimes opens for lunch. If we had known we could have had a leisurely lunch after checking out while we waited for the time for our eurostar journey back. Instead we sat at a pavement cafe in a torrential thunderstorm eating Italian food. There is no way of walking into the restaurant at the moment without leaving the building and coming back in a door further down the road because work is being done to the passageway through.Monmarte in general was very dirty and down at heel. It is 20 years since we last visited and we won't bother to go back again. The staff were 'mixed' some very nice and really helpful 'Nicholas'and the female staff particularly, but most of the male staff were very 'Parisien' in thier attitudes(and not in a good way). Generally the hotel was good but little things could have made it better. Our luggage was stored for us after we checked out but it was filthy when it was brought back to us. Not a big problem but a reflection on the hotel nonetheless.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>islaforster
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay We stayed here for three nights on the third floor with a lovely view over Montmartre towards the Eiffel tower. the hotel is a short walk from the metro and plenty of cafes bars and restaurants. the staff were very helpful and the room was a nice size. there was some lovely tiling in the bathroom which was very quaint.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1884
<Content>Amazing junior suite       Junior Suite  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	3	5	

<Author>NorwichJackal
<Content>Glad we chose the Terrass Hotel!       Bathroom - spotless!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>audies
<Content>Superb Service Thoroughly enjoyed my stay in the Terrass.Was with a friend in twin room - the first room we were shown to was very small so i asked to be moved to a bigger room - which was lovely and quaint. The food was amazing - both the breakfast and dinner, which I really recommend - it's a little expensive but totally worth it. Superb dinner.Location good - in montmatre with plenty to do around and a short walk to metro for the rest of city. Service was very good. As an added bonus, we spotted a few rockstars also staying in the hotel. (seriously!)  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>romalovainzambia
<Content>Great time in the Terrass Hotel Generally, I don't write online hotel reviews, but my stay in the Terrass Hotel moved me to provide my positive feelings about it. The Terrass is located nicely near two metro stations, various restaurants and other ammenities. The room that I stayed in was furnished just as they show in the pictures but was a tad warm (not too sure why). The bathroom and its steam bath was great and could have been the highlight of my stay in Paris had I not traveled to see the various sights of the city!Nonetheless, perhaps what made my stay all the more enjoyable was the fact that the staff was so knowledgeable and helpful in assisting me. Whether it dealt with re-arranging flights or helping me to buy flowers, the staff was great and went out of their way to help.I would definitely stay at the Terrass Hotel when I return to Paris and would recommend it to others, as well.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AndrewDavis
<Content>Highly Recommended We have just returned from a weekend stay at the Terrass and thought it was really excellent. We had two interconnecting rooms as we went with our 3 children - the kids' room was enormous, our room not very big but still very comfortable. The bathrooms were also both well appointed and equipped. The concierge was extremely helpful as indeed were all the reception staff. I had the misfortune to break a piece of furniture by accident which was all very embarrassing, but they could not have been more helpful. As we were so exhausted at the end of the first day, we did not want to go out for a meal and just wanted to collapse into bed. We ordered room service, and found the standard to be superb, if a little pricey. One other thing we found useful was the kettle, with tea and coffee sachets which I thought were only provided in English hotels. They were extremely welcome.The location is very good for exploring Montmartre and is very close to Place de Clichy station on the Metro. All in all we had a fantastic if completely exhausting weekend, would definitely stay in the Terrass again and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>michaelj2
<Content>Very good service We stayed there for one night (3 of us - parents and daughter) and enjoyed it very much. Very eclectic decoration, but appropriate for the area, good location and excellent and friendly service. I had lunch there and it was excellent. Breakfast was too expensive so we ate at one of the numerous restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>MutleyDog
<Content>Great location, great hotel, great price!!! The hotel is fantastic, on the edge of Montmartre and a stones throw away from loads of bars, cafes, restaurants etc. We didn鈥檛 eat at the hotel as there is so much choice close by for breakfast, lunch and dinner!!We had a junior suite with 2 large rooms and a good size bathroom; the room had very modern d茅cor and was clean and tidy. There was an Iron, mini bar and broadband connection in the room, only 1 English speaking TV channel, but hey, you don鈥檛 go to Paris to stay in your hotel room?!?The staff were very friendly, knowledgeable and efficient.The hotel is situated on an elevated spot and from our small balcony we had fantastic views across Paris including a great view of the Eiffel Tower.Most of the tourist stuff is a short taxi drive away, but Paris isn鈥檛 that big so each ride costs about 7 Euros and there are loads of taxis about.I doubt you could find rooms as good and as big as this anywhere else in Paris without paying an absolute fortune! Paris is cold in March!!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>BBowden
<Content>Quaint, charming and absolutely PERFECT We stayed at the Hotel Terrass for three nights and loved every minute of it. The Monmarte area is so wonderful... a great little neighborhood off the beaten path. We didn't mind the five miunte walk to the metro and found it to be incredibly easy to get around the city... not to mention being so close to the Sacre Cour. The view from the top floors is unmatchable, we had a straight shot of the Eiffel, cemetary, and beautiful streets of Paris for miles. We also had a very large bathroom (although the room was of an average to small size). Wonderful staff!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>KERW1
<Content>Good hotel all round This is a very attractive hotel. It scores on all fronts (we didn't try the restaurant). Staff are friendly and speak good English and also put up with my dubious French. Housekeeping is very good with spotless, pleasantly decorated rooms. Our classic room was beautifully quiet and had a very good sized bathroom although it did not have a view. All rooms have metal shutters. Location is good if you like the Montmartre area. Suggest a trawl for web rates as the walk in rate is quite expensive.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ratbags
<Content>Wonderful little find! The OH and I stayed at the Hotel Terrass for four nights in March and it was wonderful. The hotel was very clean and the standard room was of a good size with a very large and firm bed. The bedroom had a seperate toilet and shower area with two sinks for his and hers! The shower was nice and powerful.There was plenty of storage space and as usual with a desk and comfy chairs. Our room overlooked the courtyard and was lovely and quiet. Each room had metal electric shutters. It was very quiet at night.We decided not to have breakfast at the hotel, and we found a lovely patisserie 100metres up the road from the hotel on the corner which was lovely! Great coffee and pastries!We also decided not to eat at the hotel in the evening and went exploring instead. There are so many lovely little places to sit outside, have a plate of meat of cheese and just watch the world go by! We did have a lovely meal at Soleil Gourmand and found a lovely wine Cave with a little hidden cafe at the back!Would come back and stay at this hotel again. I know a lot of people say that the rooms in Paris are small. I would say that the rooms were of a standards size compared to those that you stay in at most travel hotels. It was clean, spacious, had everything you needed and was a good base! We didn't go to Paris to stay in the bedroom!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenen
<Content>Alright I stayed in the hotel for one night. The room was ok, with a nice view of the city. Staff were friendly, and the place was overall clean and tidy. Not spectacular, but reccommendable.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>EdinburghTraveler
<Content>Fantastic       Desert  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>markyd72
<Content>Excellent Hotel Very impressed with this hotel. The room was a little small, but that's to be expected in Paris.The room was very clean and the power shower amazing.The location was excellent, only 10mins from the moulin rouge and other sights in monmatre.The staff were excellent, and all spoke very good english as well as being very professional.Didn't eat in the hotel as the area has so many restaurants and there was a little boulangerie 30secs from the door where we had fresh croissants for breakfast.The bar area was very inviting and relaxing.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>ClareandChris
<Content>What a wonderful hotel We enjoyed our four night stay at the Terrass very much. The hotel staff were very welcoming, particularly the Consiege who spoke impeccable English and was very helpful, finding us a good restaurant and giving us a written introduction which secured a good table and excellent service on a busy Saturday night.The room was very clean, spacious, and had a good sized bathroom. We would probably select a superior room if we visited again as the view across Paris is wonderful (I went up to the Terrass - which is used as a restaurant in summer - the views are breathtaking and you can pick out all the major sites: Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame, Des Invalides, etc).Breakfast was a buffet with a useful selection of cheeses, meats, breads, jams and conserves, and of course croissants and pain au chocolat. Freshly squeezed juices and copious amounts of coffee gave us a good start to the day. I would be loath to pay Euro 18 - 20 for this breakfast, and agree with a previous review that you could walk along the street to the Boulangerie and pick up croissants etc for breakfast to eat in your room. There are tea/coffee facilities in the rooms, with a small kettle, mug and sachets of tea and coffee - ask at reception for more cream they have a drawer full!The lasting memory of the Terrass will be the dinner we ate there (our Valentine treat). The food was wonderful - we selected the Euro 35 menu and expected only three courses - but the food kept coming, with dainty choux pastries whilst we were chosing, a delicious pumpkin appetiser, then on to the first course which was a beautifully cooked fresh pasta for me and the foie gras for him. This was followed by an interesting presentation of John Dory in batter in a light almost merange sauce for me and the veal - with a wonderfully light sauce for him. In between courses we we then offered home-made marshmallow and a beautifully presented caramel whilst we selected from the sweet menu. The Trilogy of extra light creme brulee was excellent. We staggered upstairs afterwards and will try to lose the extra pounds later! Total cost with wine was Euro 100 and well worth it too. The chef is excellent and should be congratulated on the presentation and content of all dishes.Nearby are some interesting bistro's - again you can ask for a recommendation from reception or go your own way - walk down to Abbesses and look at the interesting Art Deco Metro, then wander round this area and choose a bistro - we paid around Euro 60 for a wonderful three course meal - no need to pay any more here.La Terrass is very close to buses and the Metro (either Blanche or Place de Clichy - and even Abbesses if you don't want to walk up the hill). Take time to explore the bohemian area of Montmatre, and the nearby cemetery. The hotel is very close to the Moulin Rouge - just down the hill, buy your tickets on line and early (or again ask at reception they just may be able to help you - no guarantees though).All-in-all a very memorable experience, and one that we will certainly repeat - although next time we will use Eurostar rather than fly as the Gare de Nord is so close to the hotel - only a couple of stops away on the Metro.We certainly recommend the Terrass!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WilliamStafford
<Content>Wonderful advert for paris What a wonderful introduction to Paris. We booked the hotel after browsing through many brochures, but were apprehensive about how things would be. No need to have worried- the hotel was SUPERB.We had booked a 4 night stay to celebrate my wife's 60th birthday and were thrilled with the room and the service from all the staff. Breathtaking views from the terrace and also from the room. Staff were very helpful in explaining about bus and Metro services - would recommend travel by bus - it stops right outside the hotel and goes straight to Louvre and many other sights - very frequent service.Buffet breakfast was found to be quite substanial- after all it is the continent, so why expect a 'fry-up'Faulty sink plug in room was fixed straight away without any problem.Would definitely recommend, and would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jimgraham
<Content>fabulous friendly four star Jim and Moira Graham, Scotland. After staying 3 nights in a sub-standard London Thistle hotel, the superb Terrass hotel in Paris was a breath of fresh air.It is very pleasant to stay in a hotel which understands the meaning of the word service. It was a pleasure to come back from an exhausting days sightseeing, to a comfortable, and, justifiably labelled, 4 star hotel. The breakfasts we had in our 3 night stay were good,a nice buffet style layout, with the additional offer of a cooked selection of eggs, bacon,etc.We enjoyed an excellent meal in the hotel restaurant on our final night,very good value at approx. 75 euros for two,excluding wine.Compliments to the chef !We will definitely be back,and can reccommend the hotel Terrass in Montmartre to all trip advisor members.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andy_kent
<Content>Nice hotel, shame about the staff Stayed in a junior suite for a romantic weekend away to propose to my girfriend. The suite was quite modern and a nice size. Bathroom was ok, although one of the taps was broken.The room was the best thing about the hotel .... it was nice.Breakfast was overpriced, 拢20 euros for Croissants and eggs. I was disappointed with it I must admit.Service at the hotel was fairly awful. The two things that spring to mind were:1) Booked at the front desk for dinner. Arrived in the restaurant for dinner and no booking at been made.2) We had been advised by email that we could have a late check out at 3pm. Arrived back at the hotel at 2.30pm to find we had been locked out of the room. the reception staff had the most awful attitude, and I had to go upstairs to prove to get the piece of paper that showed we had been granted a late checkout. i can live with the fact that they made a mistake, however what was worse wasa) I knew there was a problem as I queue to complain about being locked out the room, i could could hear the staff talking about me (and it was clear they were moaning!)b) I never got an apology for the mistake they made.Overall, this spoilt what would have been a nice hotel. I would not stay here again, not just because of the service (as I'm sure 99 out of 100 times you'd be ok), but because of the disappointing breakfast, and the lack of professionalism of the reception staff.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>hsheffield
<Content>excellent location with great views Stayed for 3 nights over Christmas and upgraded to a junior suite with fantastic views over Paris including the Eiffel Tower. Suite had excellent wardrobe/cupboard space, good lighting, very comfortable large Queensize bed and superb bathroom with bath and separate shower with water jets. Really outstanding buffet breakfast for which you pay extra but well worth it. Location in Montmartre just right-lots of little shops/bars/restaurants close by with bus and metro stops short walk.Staff could not be more helpful and spoke excellent English. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moriniman
<Content>Excellent, friendly hotel       Room 505 Hotel Terrass  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kchooloo
<Content>Perfect We were in Paris for a business meeting and our first hotel was so bad that we had to leave there. This hotel was heaven! The staff was nice, the room was very clean and newly redone. I would recommend this hotel to my best friend!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Scotsman1
<Content>An excellent hotel, highly recommended       Front of hotel  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PFandML
<Content>What a fantastic hotel! My boyfriend and I stayed at Le Terrass hotel for 4 nights from the 9th until the 13th of November. The hotel was very nice and exactly like the photos...which is rare. The staff were extremely helpful and very pleasant! They followed up with our requests for dinner reservations and tour bookings quickly and efficiently. Our room was lovely. It was a standard room but we requested a room with a view and certainly got it. Our room was on the 6th floor and had 2 small balconies that looked out to the Eiffel Tour. V.romantic! The area is also great with many great restaurants around the corner. We fell lucky that we got to stay in this hotel and can only recommend it to you.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Henkybaby
<Content>Excellent       Good size, unique layout  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	1	3	3	

<Author>newbieParis
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, not dissappointed! We stayed at the Hotel during the weekend 6th Oct to 8th. After extensively searching Tripadvisor hotel reviews I liked the look of this hotel. I booked via Eurostar package (the best rate for this hotel). I initially upgraded from a standard room to a superior room and had requested a room with a view, but was told on arrival that the superior rooms were on the courtyard side of the hotel. So if you do want a room with a view be aware of this. However, I was not dissappointed with the room. It was gorgeous, albeit smaller than I had expected from the pictures but still elegant, clean and a little piece of luxury. Our room (double) had a magnificant bathroom that could be accessed from either side of the room with a bath, separate shower and two sinks. Our friends had a twin room on a different floor, again very tastefully decorated, with a corner bath. Both rooms had products, clean towels, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, tea/coffee making facilities (if your English/Irish dont add milk to the tea, its better without, or better still take a couple of teabags with you), lovely little touches all round to make your stay pleasant and comfortable.The staff were excellent and couldnt be more helpful. We needed to get to the other side of Paris for an excursion and as it was a wet friday night we needed a taxi. They fell over themselves trying to get us a taxi, three phones dialling and even had someone in the street trying to hail a taxi. Now thats what I call service. Breakfast! Expensive if not included. We chose to have breakfast on the Sunday as we were returning early, 18 euros, be aware that this price includes cooked eggs (whichever way you want them) it is not very clear that you can order from the waitress and it is included, we helped ourselves to the buffet and ordered scrambled eggs and bacon. My friend had omelette. If you do not want breakfast dont order just tea, 5 euros!! The hotal reception is quite grand and has internet access if your interested in that. The bar is very expensive!!!!!! The location suited us, its not far from the Moulin Rouge or the Sacre Coeur.We loved it as our fist time in Paris, and if you want style/comfort than the Terrass is definately worth the 4 stars. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>craiggsx
<Content>very good we stayed here in October 06 after walking out on a 3 star around the corner which was dirty ( Prima Lepic ).I found the staff here very helpful, the hotels a true 4 star, foods good, rooms are excellent and its in a very nice area, Enjoyed our stay, check out the roof garden at night which has excellent views of the tower. Craig Ireland  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Raillink
<Content>Silver Wedding Anniversary Stay at the Terrass Hotel We visited the Terrass as part of our 25th Wedding Anniversary celebrations, and took in two days racing at Longchamp - the Prix De L'Arc de Triomphe Meeting. We took a room on the second floor, which afforded no view. With the benefit of hindsight, and the other reviews on here, perhaps we would have requested a better room. That said, on Arc weekend, our choice may have been more restricted.The room was very clean, and of quite a high standard. We were pleased with the level of accomodation. We booked via 'Hotels Direct' and did so on the basis of board and full cooked breakfast. The only element of the breakfast that was cooked was the provision of eggs fried, scrambled or boiled. This information, akin to a state secret, was only elicited after an enquiry of staff, and an observation of others. This was not a problem, and in truth the breakfast fayre was adequate, but full cooked breakfast signifies something rather different to those of Irish, English or American origin.Given the number of restaurants and bars in Montmartre/Sacre Couer, the Hotel Restaurant was extremely expensive, and we did not use it during our stay. We did stray into the bar on one evening only, but a cognac and a gin and tonic at a total cost of 21 Euros was enough to persuade us that better value was to be had elsewhere. The minibar in the room looked tempting enough, but considering that a 3 cl bottle of cognac would have cost us 7 Euro, as opposed to a 20 cl bottle (same brand) for Euro 4.50 at a shop directly over the road, this was not a facility we used either.Thestaff were unfailingly polite, and room cleaning was excellent, but on checkout, the receptionist did attempt to charge us for minibar items. The quickness of withdrawal when we challenged this smacked of a try on, but this was a minor issue.All in all, the Terrass was worthy of it's 4 star rating, but we would shop around (and perhaps demand more) if staying in that sector of Paris again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>FIRESTONE
<Content>Nice but Dim!!       A Room with a view.....not!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>djwdvm
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful       View from the balcony of room 802  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Blackstone
<Content>Terrific Terrass My wife and I had an excellent two nights at this hotel for our wedding anniversary.We had a basic room, but it was tastefully decorated, had a large, comfortable bed and great roomy bathroom. There was no view as it faced onto an inner courtyard, but this made it very quiet.The whole of the hotel was spotless and very well maintained. We decided not to eat or drink in the hotel, preferring the atmosphere of the bars and restaurants in adjoining Montmartre.The location of the hotel is terrific and, although quite expensive, we would thoroughly recommend it for a short break.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Graceloves
<Content>Nice but expensive We booked a double room at this hotel with airmiles and our friends booked a junior suite. Our room was on the fifth floor and had a wonderful view of Paris and the Eiffel Tower. However, I was a bit disappointed with it, the decor was predominately red and could have been any airport hotel and the bathroom was very small and you had to stand in the bath to turn the taps on. The hotel is on a busy corner and I did think it might be noisy but I didn't hear traffic noise at night only the noise of the TV in the next bedroom. Our friends had a much nicer room but they had paid a lot more for it. Our deal included breakfast which was nice. We ate on the top floor terrace one night and it was quite good and a fantastic view but again very expensive for simple French food which you could get for half the price down the road at any local restaurant.The service was excellent and they went to great trouble for us.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jclayton9
<Content>Sour taste - Nice, but overpriced There are many good sides to this hotel that must be mentioned first and foremost. 1) The rooms are a great size for Paris. We stayed in a deluxe room which was great. Huge bathroom, and a REAL king size bed.2) The concierge was amazing! She recommended an amazing restaurant after calling a number of others for us that had happened to be (luckily) booked solid for the night. This restaurant was one of the highlights of our European trip, and made an amazing last night.3) The view!4) Location is great if you want to be in Montmarte. Personally, we liked the location of our other hotel much better (Hotel de Varenne, in the 7th)My only complaint is that this hotel is extremely over priced. Not only are the rooms extremely expensive (even in the off season), but it seems that at every corner they鈥檙e trying to gouge you for money. Every other hotel that we stayed at in Europe had included breakfast. In the room there was a door hanger for ordering breakfast. It allowed you to select coffee of tea, Orange or grapefruit juice, etc. Then there was a section below that included other breakfast options, with prices that you could pay for to include in your breakfast. Since the prices were high, we just stayed with the continental breakfast: Two coffees, Two orange juices, and a couple of small croissants. Upon checkout, the lady informed me that this breakfast was 18E each! 40E for a continental breakfast! That鈥檚 like $60 Canadian鈥ow鈥hat鈥檚 what I mean by 鈥榮our taste鈥? When I brought up the fact that the menu made it seam that it was included, she said 鈥渙h鈥?that鈥檚 too bad that you didn鈥檛 know鈥? I guess it鈥檚 my own fault, but for the price of this room, you would think they would include a coffee and a croissant, not charge you a fortune for it. Oh well, I was too tired to make a big deal about it. (By the way, the coffee sucked).  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>3	2	5	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>2Adults2Kids
<Content>Great hotel with Character I鈥檝e stayed at this hotel at least 15 times on business and think it is one of the nicest hotels in its price range in Paris. It is located in at the non-touristy end of Montmartre, about a 10 min walk from the Metros at Abbesses and Clichy. The area has a great village feel. The hotel has recently been refurbished, all the rooms are individually designed but with a general theme, which tends to be a bit chintzy. The arrangement of the bathrooms in some rooms can be idiosyncratic, but again clean modern and characterful. The new restaurant is great and during the summer you can also eat on the open terrace on the top floor, which has fabulous views over Paris. The hotel has a range of rooms, which do vary greatly in size, the ones at the front are very large and have the great view of Paris, the ones at the back can be quite small (although not unusually so) and look over the rooftops of Montmartre. I think this view has just as much character, but I can see how you could be disappointed if you were expecting the panoramic view, so I鈥檇 ask to see the room first. Strangely the prices don鈥檛 seem to reflect the size of room. We have also stayed there as a family, and the suites are great; they have siding doors dividing them into a bedroom and living room. The hotel will put two beds in the living room giving two interconnected rooms, both of which have access to the suite鈥檚 bathroom and toilet.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>viczam
<Content>Marvellous Montmartre Have recently returned from a trip to France and Belgium - first stop wonderful wonderful Paris! Stayed at the Terrass Hotel and am very happy to say that it lived up to all of the wonderful reviews that have been posted on Trip Advisor. I booked through Travelocity and got a pretty good deal - the only negative of the entire stay was a little bit of French 'attitude' from the Reception Staff - they let us know in no uncertain terms that we should not have been getting b'fast included as this was a mistake on the Travelocity website - however they honoured the deal - and so a lovely b'fast was had by my hubby and I each day in the hotel restaurant. I would have to agree with some other reviewers in saying that if I had to actually PAY, I would have considered it a little pricey and would also have preferred a coffee and croissant at one of the many fab restaurants in Montmartre.Our room - 506 - had fantastic views of the Eiffel Tower - particularly at nighttime and the decor (colurful almost carnavlistic stripes) was fun and vibrant - the bathroom was amazing. We were given a junior suite (the travelocity description was a little ambiguous - so we were not quite sure what we would get) and so had a bedroom with separate lounge/sitting area. AND - the ultimate luxury in a European hotel - our OWN iron and ironing board - with lots of space to use it in.I would definitely recommend this hotel - and the walk back up the hill to Montmartre if you venture down to the more touristy part of Paris will definitely work off any extra kilos from indulging in Parisien cullinary delights.Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sowbury
<Content>Lovely hotel - great location Fantastic location is the first part of the equation - there aren't many places you can sit in your bed and look at the Eiffel Tower - but you can here (we were on the 6th floor). Monmartre and the Sacre Couer are about 10 minutes away and loads of restaurants within 5 or 10 minutes.Luxurious Room was the second part for us. We had out 10 year old daughter with us (no charge) and we were given a junior suite. Lovely furnishings and curtains(great black out blinds!), best hotel bed I've ever slept in and a terrific bathroom!Outstanding staff was the final part of our perfect stay! Always polite and went out of their way to make us feel welcome (and especially our daughter). It's a posh hotel but the staff are very human, not just efficient but also very kind.I can't recommned this hotel enough - we'll stay whenever we go back to Paris  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glanna
<Content>Perfect for Honeymoon We stayed at the Terrass for our honeymoon july 2006, the room we had was a new deluxe room and it was absoloutely stunning- easily the nicest hotel room ive ever seen.we turned up at 1 AM dues to a delayed plane but were warmly welcomed. Staff were extremely helpful and polite, and not at all snobby even though we were a bit scruffy and didnt speak french!cannot reccomend this hotel enough,  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Staffordshire Traveller
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for three nights following my research on this site.Got an excellent deal via Expedia for Room only which was not a problem as you can get breakfast in cafes nearby.We found the staff very helpful particularly Danielle , an excellent concierge and as a first time visitors to Paris we soon found how to get around via the Metro which is nearby.The walk up the hill to Sacre Couer stopping off at the numerous cafes is well worthwhile .Our room on the seventh floor had a superb view of the city and the Eifell Tower but was a little dated albeit very clean  of reasonable size; interestingly our friends who did not pay for a Superior room got a modernised room on the second floor but no view but its worth paying extra to get the view.We ate at the Terrace Restaurant one evening , the food was excellent albeit a bit pricey but you are paying for the ambience  view as well as the food , again worth it especially for a special occasion.All in all a very nice Hotel , I would recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A room with a view! We just returned from a wonderful trip to Paris. We originally chose this hotel because of its closeness to the Moulin Rouge and the Gare de Nord railway station (10 Euro in a taxi). But we struck gold! We were lucky enough to have room 408 (a deluxe room) - a room with a perfect uninterrupted view of the Eiffel Tower. Open the curtains of a night and you've got the best view in Paris in front of you. The room was clean and modern with great facilities. The only downsides as far as we were concerned were the very large, modern bath (we never did manage to work out how to get in and out of it without looking a complete idiot) and as with most hotels the cost of the breakfast (but there are loads of cafes just round the corner where you can get two coffees and croissants for 10 Euro). The hotel has great bus links to all the major attractions or walking they're about 20 minutes away. The staff were helpful and polite. All in all a good experience and we can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room with a view we used a lot of time searching the web for the perfect hotel for our 4day trip, my husband and I. This was the one hotel we found with a view, and what a view! We could sit for hours on the little beautiful balcony and just look at the city and the lights from the Eiffel Tower. Ask for a room in the upper floors. We will most definetly go back to Paris and the Terrass Hotel. The staff was so helpful and friendly and guided us to a fantastic restaurant in Montmartre, La Luna. I had a cold while staying there, and the bar keeper gave me tea with honey at night.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful.........       Shower/Hammam  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb I had the pleasure of staying in the Terrass hotel in the second week of April. I stayed from Saturday until Tuesday and was very happy with our stay. The location of the hotel is great. In the monmatre area of the city, there are 3 metro stations within 300 metres of the hotel, Abbysses, Pigalle, Blanche. The most convenient probably being Blanche which is located over the bridge, then take the first left and situated about 100 metres down the road opposite the Moulin Rouge. The hotel room I was lucky to be allocated was 704. This room is on the top floor of the hotel with superb views of the Eiffel tower and the bright lights of Paris. Staff were very accommodating and when I go back to Paris in the future, I will definately be rebooking the Terrass.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gremlin82
<Content>Excellent choice Booked a long weekend at the Terrass Hotel for my wife's birthday and had a wonderful time. Watched the generally favourable reviews over a number of weeks and were quite stunned by the last one before we departed.However, I am pleased to report that we did not recognise any of the complaints from the recent review by the member from Germany. The staff were attentive, polite and extremely helpful. Our Standard double room was reasonably sized with a view of the Eiffel Tower. Obviously one of the older rooms it did not suffer for that. Breakfast was excellent and extensive. The location in Montmartre was perfect for us since it gave the feeling of a place where real people actually live plus very close to Metro stations (250m). Loads and loads of reasonable restaurants within easy staggering distance of the hotels welcoming doors.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Travelminx
<Content>Overpriced-Indifferent-Questionable 4 star rating We stayed here for three nights, having booked through a well-known German tour operator. I sent a confirmation email to the hotel three days prior to our arrival, which went unanswered. This turned out to be indicative of our Hotel Terrass experience. I rang the night before our departure from Germany and was informed that a room with a bath would be no problem. When we arrived, we were checked in with a minimum of attention. The room we were given did not have a bath, and having requested a room with a view, I was a little diappointed to have the room look over a back yard. We moved rooms. This room had no bedside table, a TINY wardrobe, no lock on either the room door or the bathroom door and was VERY small, even by Parisian standards for the daily charge in excess of 250 EUR. The room (506 - to be avoided) was extremely warm - I think a boiler was located behind one of the partition walls between us and the adjoining room. Air conditioning filled the room with a dank and musty smell. The bath was also very small, with one end located under the sink unit. The TV remote did not work and the view bill on tv function, which the hotel curiously advertises as one of the room's features did not work. Breakfast was standard and overpriced. Complaints to staff fell on deaf and indifferent ears. In fact, indifference sums up the staff's attitude rather well. Having read all the positive reviews, we were looking forward to staying here but by the end of our trip, I felt well and truly cheated. Last year, we spent 99 EUR a night, stayed in the St. Germain area and enjoyed our stay greatly in a bigger room, more central location and a hotel staffed by friendly and helpful Parisians. How this hotel boasts four stars is truly beyond me. I would advise against staying here unless you are opting for a suite and have minimal service expectations.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>nick_the_traveller
<Content>Weekend Break Excellent location convenient for Montmartre, Moulin Rouge, and Metro. We walked from Gare du Nord in 20 mins. Stayed in superior room - small but well-equipped - comfortable bed. General ambience of hotel modern and classy. Good breakfast with perfect poached eggs cooked to order.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bullitpromotions
<Content>Fantastic Hotel After reading reviews of the Hotel Terrass on trip adviser i decided to try it out for my girlfriends christmas present and our stay was absolutely fantastic.We stayed in one of the Deluxe Superior rooms and it was brilliant, the bathroom had a steam shower which was great after a days site seeing and then a long night of alcohol.We definitely felt well looked after, Danielle on reception sorted us Moulin Rouge tickets for that night with only 5 hours noticed and we were given great recomendations on what to do.The restaurant attached to the hotel was really great as well.The hotel could not be faulted on any level, if your staying in one of the deluxe superiors you will not be dissapointed.While in Paris if your looking for a bar you must go to Budha Bar, pricy but well worth it the most uber cool place in Paris.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NJ_Voyageur
<Content>Well located and welcoming We received a warm welcome at this well-located Montmartre hotel. From reception to check-out, we had hardly a complaint, and those we had were very minor: an easily fixed loose shower head and no Do Not Disturb sign.The room was decent sized for a Paris hotel, with a very accommodating tiled dual-sink bathroom. Two single beds pushed together formed our double. If you want a true double, you need to be specific.Although the lobby bar is pricy --- cocktails 10 euros, wine less --- its fireplace was a real comfort on cold December nights.Breakfast was included in our package and was a typical European buffet, with everything from cereals and bread to cold cuts and cheese. They will also very good cook eggs and bacon for you. Our one dinner at the sidewalk-level restaurant was delicious. (The rooftop restaurant with its panoramic views was closed --- cold December nights, and all that.)The staff ---like most of the people we met in Paris --- are doing their absolute best to dispel the myth of the haughty French. Most speak acceptable English; a few spoke as well as I do.The hotel is convenient to Place de Clichy, with two Metro lines and more bus lines than I could count. Rue Lepic is a block away, with its excellent food shops.Within walking distance, we ate at the very good Melrose on Place de Clichy and the excellent Poulbot Gourmet on Rue Lemarck.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kudeta
<Content>Perfect in every aspect My boyfriend and I stayed at the Terrass Hotel on 4 November. We booked the Moulin Rouge package and we were not disappointed. The staff were great and helpful and the seats we were allocated at the Moulin Rouge were at the very front - we could not have asked for more. Our bedroom was huge and we had a great bathroom. We would certainly recommend the Terrass Hotel to anyone considering it.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gryphon_abroad
<Content>Great hotel in a great location       View from room 404 at night  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic service, fantastic room. I was treated to a weekend break in Paris by my partner for my birthday, my partner was slightly worried that the hotel may not live up to its reviews .... there was no need to worry! the Hotel Terrass is fantastic. The staff are very polite and helpful, even though we only stayed a night the staff went out of their way to give directions and recommend activities. The room we were given was compact, but perfect for our weekend stay. It was very clean and luxurious. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel The staff were superb, very helpful + friendly. On our first night we were allocated a superior room which we weren鈥檛 really satisfied with. Basically some of the rooms have been refurbished and are very contemporary whilst the older ones were a little drab (IMO). We asked if we could be moved into one of the refurbished ones and for the second night we had a stunning room with steam shower + flat panel TV. Location in great, breakfast is good and overall a superb hotel, but I would definitely suggest booking on of the refurbished rooms!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Paris hotel Just returned from a perfect few days staying at the Hotel Terrass. Great location - walked to all the major sights though would have been easy to get in the Metro. Only 20 mins max from Gare du Nord. Very close to Moulin Rouge in a lively street. (Hotel very quiet) Beautifully appointed rooms. Great staff - genuinely friendly and happy to help. Great breakfast. The showpiece has to be the restaurant on the roof - superb views of Eiffel Tower, Les Invalides and Montparnasse. Excellent food - price very good compared to London especially with view and great service thrown in! Will certainly be looking this place up first when I return to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chriswith2kidsandawife
<Content>Small standard rooms, excellent service. Good location. The title says it all - the rooms are clean and modern, but quite small.We did see the superior rooms and they are a more comfortable size. The bathroom is so small that there is not room for a proper shower - you have to hold the shower head whilst trying not to spray water all over the floor!We had an excellent view, over the cemetery towards the Eiffel tower.The hotel is just on the edge of Montmartre - 5 minutes from the Moulin Rouge and a breathless 15 minute walk to the Sacre Coeur. Within easy walking distance of 3 metro stations the whole of Paris is only one or 2 short journeys away.The service was excellent and I would have no qualms in recommending this hotel. Having stayed in Paris a number of times before, I would also not hesitate in returning to this hotel.Incidentally, we could not get tickets from the Moulin Rouge but the concierge managed to get us some from a friend who worked there!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful time My family spent 4 lovely days in Paris and what made it extra special was the hotel. My 7 year old couldn't get enough of the juicy bacon for breakfast and I loved the fresh bread. We definitely look forward to going to France again and staying at the Terass Hotel!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MBailey-7
<Content>Honeymoon in Paris We have just spent 5 nights in Paris on our honeymoon in The Terrass Hotel in Paris. We would highly recommend this hotel and suggest if going there on a special occasion worth upgrading to a superior room. The staff and service was first class and the location of the hotel is just perfect. Elaine  Barrie Alexander, Scotland  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant room, great staff Stayed for 4 days.Room was upgraded to a lovely, spacious, modern room with large double-door, double-sink, steam-room/shower bathroom.Staff were SO helpful. We bought a large awkward piece of wooden furniture. They went out of their way to wrap it safely for the plane journey home.Nice resteraunts and cafes by the hotel. Roof-top terrace was beautiful, but rainy weather meant we didn't get to dine there.A little further out than more central hotels, but only a few stops further on the metro so not a problem. For the quality, the price was extremely good value.Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed here over the Easter weekend and had a wonderful time. We were supposed to stay at the Timhotel Montmartre, but there was a problem with the room, so they moved us to this hotel at no extra charge. The room was lovely especially the bathroom. The view was over the Montmartre Cemetry  the Eiffel Tower could be seen in the distance. The staff were friendly  the hotel was ideally situated between 3 Metro stations.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Johnjr
<Content>NICE SMALL HOTEL I just spent 7 days at the hotel while doing business in Paris. Found the hotel staff to be very helpful. The rooms were quite adequate and of nice size compared to other hotels. It would be nice if the bathrooms had full showers, but you cannot have everything. Try to get a room above the forth floor, on the front of the hotel, in order to get the view. During my stay there was extensive renovations going on to the rooms, so by this summer the hotel should be in even better shape than it is in now, which is very good. The location of the hotel in Montmartre is very nice for sightseeing with good access to the Metro at a couple of different locations. I have to come back to Paris in a couple of weeks and will be making reservations to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Twotony
<Content>Super value for Xmas Four nights for the price of three. Room smallish, and no view, but nicely furnished. Bathroom good. Some suites available with excellent views across city.All bedrooms and open areas seem recently refurbished. Restaurant open throughout, special set menus Xmas eve, Xmas day. Food good, prices reasonable by London standards.Staff very helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you dont travel dont review People should review bills prior to paying, a well seasoned traveler would not do otherwise. However about the Terrass Hotel, being a great location is one thing and they are I believe entitled to charge for that view. As for the restraunt it is frequented by the Parisians to 70 - 80% occupancy, having just again returned fro Paris (November 2004) the Terrass (top floor) is closed but the ground floor still requires you to reserve as it is full partcularly for lunch. These people know food at good value it's not top draw it's not over priced, it is good french food!I first used the Terrass 3 years ago and the quality of the service and rooms and food has not altered at all, the rates are reasonable the food good the people exceptional.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Stay This hotel was excellent , the staff were friendly , the room (703) was a good size and the location was perfect .I can't see why anyone would have a problem here.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Disappointing My husband and I stayed at the Terass for two nights in mid-Sept. 2004. We booked a double superior room and we were given a room on the 5th floor w/absolutely no view. (except for a dreary alley way and the back of a run-down apartment building.) There were also a number of things wrong with the room. (1) our phone was broken. (2) there was a heavy ring of mold/mildew in the shower. (3) our tv remote was missing. (4) the bathtub shower fixture was broken. My husband and I asked for another room but we were told none were available. I complained about the broken items and the phone was fixed and some of the mold was removed. Will not stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dorset
<Content>The View!!!! Spent two nights at the hotel on a quick weekend break with my girlfriend. It is expensive, but you get what you pay for in the most amazing view. If you are a romantic I would definitely book it. Some lovely restaurants near by.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rip off Resturant Average hotel, rip off resturantBooked two rooms during June and neither had a view. Service was adequate but there is nothing to shout about here. The restuarant is an absolute rip off and you pay for the view over the city to the Eiffel Tower. We later discovered we were charged for extra bottles of wine that we didn't have! Exceptional little resturant near by though but I forget the full name it is the Jazz something.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JackSD
<Content>Unique in its comfort, reasonable in its price... The Terrass sits prominently on the edge of the Montmartre, while facing down into the heart of Paris. It's ideally situated for romantics, though not centrally located for business people. The real merit of the hotel, however, is that all rooms are unique and most are bright, creative and quite comfortable. If you need absolute quiet, you can find it here: Ask for a room that faces one of the courtyards; they have light- and noise-dousing window barriers that can electronically be lowered and raised. The staff is pleasant, largely fluent in English, and quite responsive. And the breakfast and lunch buffets in the cheery restaurant are tasteful and attractive. Some rooms have high-speech Internet access, but you'll have to ask for one...  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>End your Paris hotel search here   showReview(2185990, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>weekendtripper
<Content>Fantastic hotel   showReview(2132194, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Terrass   showReview(2076060, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>morellyn
<Content>Very Good Value, But Don't Expect Luxury   showReview(1831339, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnificent Room   showReview(1790839, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful hotel very special   showReview(1730705, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>debaroo
<Content>Great Hotel and Wonderful Section of Paris   showReview(1542390, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paris at it's best!   showReview(1512879, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sdcarver
<Content>Excellent Hotel witha Great View in a Charming Neighborhood   showReview(1397934, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAIRVINE22
<Content>Wow! One of the best values in Paris   showReview(1346953, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shirin1001
<Content>Schrecklich!!!! Nie nie wieder!!!!       bad - verschimmelte decke  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	2	1	

<Author>Luc1090
<Content>Room with a view       Vue de la chambre 802  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr schickes Hotel   showReview(18536376, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(17446678, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel zum Wohlf眉hlen   showReview(16598670, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ledormeur
<Content>bel hotel tr猫s bien situ茅 mais service technique pas 脿 la hauteur       chambre 1  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, kleine Zimmer, sehr freundlicher Service, gerne wieder   showReview(11310997, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrale Lage   showReview(11310995, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Als sehr schlecht bewerten wir...   showReview(11416404, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flip007
<Content>Hatten uns mehr erwartet       Aussicht aus Zimmer 111  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis-Leistung Top   showReview(11411214, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11411213, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une bonne adresse   showReview(11387504, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in toller Lage am Montmartre   showReview(11358098, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

