<Author>BigBossInnisfil
<Content>Great Deal We arrived Dec 8th and it was only a 20 minute drive from the airport. Our room was on the top floor (3rd) and had a loft. Apparently all the rooms on the top floors have lofts. The regular rooms have two double beds and a separate bedroom with a double and a single bed. They have two walk out balconies. The loft adds a sofa a 2nd tv, a single and double bed and a separate washroom with a bathtub and shower. We did not request the loft and there was no extra cost. The air conditioning worked perfectly and the hot water never ran out. We did not see any bugs in our room. Our wristband gave us access to two other hotels on the property and all their pools, bars, buffets and restaurants. Everything was in walking distance but there was a trolly that constantly made the circuit from hotel to hotel. Buffets are buffets but each one had an omlette bar at breakfast and a pasta and grilling bar at lunch. The two allacarte restaurants, Itallian and Steakhouse, had great ambiance lots of wine and a large selection. These were included and had no line up at this time of year. The white sand beach is beautiful with a reef about a mile out that sends the undertow back at that point so the waves at the beach are calm and enjoyable. The golf course is in OK shape. $30 for golf $30 each for a cart and $30 for clubs.They did let us split a set of clubs which saved a few bucks. If you are even considering golf, bring at least a few balls. The clubhouse wants $80 a box. You can buy balls on the course from grounds keepers for $10 for 20 balls. A couple of OK shows in the evening, a small casino with gaming tables and two Disco's that don't open until midnight. Bring American dollars and try to bring small bills. If you want to tip your barman who keeps your mini bar stocked or the maid for extra water it is hard to get change anywhere. There was security everywhere and even more at night. There was nobody bothering you except for the licensed salespeople trying to sell you extra activities (deep sea fishing, snorkeling etc) This may be 3 1/2 star instead of 4 star but we booked last minute and we felt we got a lot of resort for what we paid.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>adriana521
<Content>Just okay My husband and I visited and the Barcel贸 B谩varo Beach complex a week ago and stayed at the Golf hotel. While there is plenty of room (miles!) for improvement, we managed to enjoy ourselves and relax for a couple of days, which was the point of the trip.Room (2 out of 5)We checked into the hotel close to the 3pm time assigned without any major issues. We kept our luggage in a storage room by the reception desk, had lunch, and returned to get our keys and retrieve our bags. The reception/lobby for this hotel is very small and very hot in the afternoon, as it didn鈥檛 have ceiling fans. It鈥檚 a place to go, check-in or out, grab a quick drink, and move on.The room we were given (8232) was perfectly located between the reception desk, the golf clubhouse, and the Caribe resort (where we hung out most of the time). The room is divided into two areas, each with a full and a twin size bed. Bedspreads were thin - think thicker than a regular sheet. All four beds had pillow-tops. The furniture is old and scratched, as if it had been used as a bottle opener by previous guests (shameful, especially when the drawer handles did the trick - bottle openers provided by the hotel didn鈥檛 work). There were plenty of drawers and closet space. The electronic safe was in the closet and it was easy to use. We did have mosquitoes and ants in the room and did our best to ignore them. The in-room refrigerator was refilled each day with a 2 liter bottle of water and beer and soda to replace what was consumed. The room felt clean enough, the bathroom smelled strongly of chlorine bleach. We requested service in the room as soon as we stepped in and in a matter of an hour we got our safe opened and a lightbulb replaced. We had a clogged toilet incident early on the last morning, and it didn鈥檛 get resolved until about three hours later (even after a visit to the reception desk). The resort didn鈥檛 have adequate maintenance staff at 7 am to attend this issue.Food (3 out of 5)The food was acceptable at the resort. We steered clear of the fruit and salads for the four days we were there, and successfully avoided getting sick. Breakfast at the buffet had plenty of options - we stuck mainly to the freshly made omelets and scrambles. Everything prior reviewers have said about flies and birds hanging tables and food around is true. We had all of our lunches on the beachfront a la carte restaurants (La Uva at the Golf, the Steakhouse at the Beach, and the Italian at the Caribe), which were okay - nothing to write home about, but certainly more than 鈥渏ust edible鈥? The wait staff wasn鈥檛 overly friendly, but we though we received efficient service. Beer and water were refilled without us even asking. We were a little disappointed because we thought there was a Japanese grill onsite based on other reviews on the Barcel贸 B谩varo resort, but there wasn鈥檛. For dinner, we went to the Steakhouse the first night, and the following two evenings visited the restaurants at the Palace (Chez Palace and La Brisa). Both had good food worth the supplement and excellent service. Pizzas by the poolside were pretty good too, despite the crowd. Bar service was fairly quick, I鈥檓 guessing because the resort wasn鈥檛 too crowded. Bartenders didn鈥檛 have a problem working with our travel mugs, however, beverage selection was very limited if you don鈥檛 like rum. We stuck to Presidentes with a bit of lime and bottled water. Golf (2 out of 5)I tagged along as driver to my husband in two rounds of golf during our stay, Before you set off to play, you get to have a little cooler prepared with water, soda, and beer. The course was not well maintained. Most of the fairway looked more like roughs than actual fairways, which was disappointing for my husband. Holes 5 through 7 were infested with swarms of bees (quite scary, I don鈥檛 think I鈥檝e seen so many bees on the loose). There were always workers around, but the conditions of the course did not reflect it. They were eager to give out balls other players lost for a tip (one even tried to sell us a full baggie for $10). Green fees were free one day and $30 USD on the second day, golf cart rental was $45 USD, and equipment rental (had my husband forgotten his clubs) was $30 USD. The course quality was not at par with the amount it cost to play. Other Resort FacilitiesWe spent most of our time in the beach facilities in front of the Caribe hotel (the Beach hotel was undergoing renovations). It goes without saying that the beach is very gorgeous - white sand, clear water, plenty of fun people watching. Only one day we couldn鈥檛 get towels, but in a matter of half an hour they had fresh ones in the stand. Lounge chairs were readily available in the beach and there was plenty of shade. The continuous offers for beachfront massages got tiresome after a while. The beach didn鈥檛 feel overly crowded in the afternoons, which we liked. We are not pool people, but we saw it was more difficult to get chairs in the pool in the afternoon than in the beach. We used the trolley to get to the B谩varo Palace, as walking there would have taken at least twenty minutes. The rest of the sister hotels were within more reasonable walking distances. Overall, we would not return to the Barcel贸 Bavaro resort if we were to come back to Punta Cana. This is a fair review for a property that should be rated at 3 stars instead of 4, that needs to renovate the older rooms, and needs to get the golf course back in shape. If you decide to come here, be ready to sweat the small stuff and you鈥檒l have a good time.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mspanson
<Content>Great for the price! My Boyfriend and I (both 26 and from New York City) recently spent 4 days at the Barcelo Bavaro Golf Resort. We got an excellent deal from obritz and had a great time. The beach was beautiful and the resort was really great! Lots of amenities, the grounds were very well kept, our room was big and clean and we were never more then a few steps away from a bar! Our one complaint- the food!! It really was awful- we tried (or at least walked by and looked at the food) all 4 buffets and all 4 restaurants that are part of the all-inclusive package (disclaimer- we did not try any of the restaurants that you have to pay for- maybe those are great) and it was all really disappointing! It wasn鈥檛 just the entrees either- the bread was stale and flavorless, the cheeses were slimy and the fruit and veg never looked all that fresh. The pizza was decent. If you want great food to be a part of your vacation don鈥檛 stay here. If you want a nice all-inclusive resort at a decent price- by all means stay here! Just know what you鈥檙e getting into and maybe pack a few snacks.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melimelo21
<Content>Nothing bad to say ! Very nice resort !       Pool at the Casino  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>maggieo8
<Content>Be careful. We were bumped to another Barcelo property after we got to Punta Cana. We weren't even on the Golf property where there are 4 other resorts. We were taken farther up the coast. Given no choice. Upsetting as we came to golf. We met many other people, at the resort that we ended up at, who had also been bumped from the Golf Resort. Apparently this happens on a regular basis. Check with your agent before you go if you don't want any surprises or disappointments.C. Withers  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coolCarol
<Content>Simply Beautiful Hi The sun is shining in Victoria bc here and because I have just finished booking another trip to the Dominican Republic I am in holiday mode. We were there last year and it was amazing so if anyone is planning to go there I would highly recommend the Barcello Bravaro Beach Resort.  Everything was perfect: the beach had white soft sands and the ocean was so warm. The pool was wonderful, the rooms were great and their was a wide variety of food in the buffets not to mention the other restaurants that we could visit. There was lots to do everyday at the resort or on a day trip. We went on the outback safari,. Don't miss this one if you plan on going someplace. The show's at night were always fun and people were invited to join in.  During the day the staff gave merangue lessons and scuba diving lessons they even had kareoke for the singers among the crowds.. We loved it so much that we are going back again but we are going to try a different resort so If anyone has heard of this one I would love to know your thoughts. We are going to Bayahibe Hacienda Dominicus.The only reason we are trying somewhere different is because it was recommended to us from friends but any input would be most welcome.Have funcheers carol  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>syracuse92
<Content>Great rooms... just a little HOT! We stayed at Barcelo Bavaro Golf Resort from 12/20-12/23... We were upgraded from the Casino resort to a nice big room at the Golf resort -- only problem? NO AIR CONDITIONING! It was brutally hot -- even in the evening. So, we requested a new room -- they moved us to an even bigger room -- could've slept a small army in there... which still had limited A/C but was more manageable and worth it because the room was so huge. Food was pretty good and the buffets had plenty of choices. The beaches were beautiful without too many people harassing you to buy stuff. But, they did run out of towels on Saturday and had a 2 hour wait to get a towel -- so get your towels the evening prior! The casino was nice but the staff, in general wasn't very intelligent, spoke little English and not all that nice -- they definitely cater to Europeans -- but it's a cheap all inclusive and worth the money!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cristal556
<Content>Great vacation for the family !!! We had a great time, the food is wonderfull, the staff are very nice, room was big, great beach, beautiful view, great packge deal, you can make of your vacation what ever you want if you like to complaint about any little thing them you should pay more more at another hotel, I think for what they give you at this hotel the price is right. I also agreed that you have to bring mosquito spray and also medicine for your stomach, because you can get sick by eating so much, the shows late at nite are very good you should ask for the list at the front desk of any of the hotels for the shows events and for the sport activities. have fun  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>freekee99
<Content>A Totally amazing break from Afghanistan for my boyfriend       Pelican that caught its fish every morning by the beach.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BiracialTravelWoman
<Content>Good value- resort lovely; room needs decorator but clean The rooms were clean  spacious but decorated from maybe the 1980s. ( 2 rooms  4 beds and 2 balconies). But the grounds were spotless  the vegetation lovely. The ability to use the Golf resort  all of its joint properties was great. (4 resorts in total.) The food was actually great for an all inclusive. Loved the restaurants overlooking the ocean. (Highly recommend the beef tenderloins. Yum!) The beach looked as you see in the pictures for a Caribbean beach. (Topless women and all.) And the price was very right. We were only there for a day  we got in as part of the package- paddle boat, beach, pool, mini golf, and, of course, meals. We really used the resorts. It is a big place but they have a trolley. ( We had a car so we were more mobile than most. ) But I suspect after 3 days you would despense with the trolley  just walk. I would go back for the price I paid. It could be a lot of fun either as a couple, a family, or a group of friends.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelqueenie
<Content>Disappointing resort This resort is part of a complex, it has a very small pool but is within close walking distance of a few others with better pools. The beach is nice, and there are plenty of sunchairs. There are no floaties for the pool or beach. Hardly anyone spoke any english, and that includes the guests. Nighttime was noisy, and tv is pay per view or spanish channels only. Food is fine, typical AI fare. Our TV pay per view wouldn't work and the front desk made me pay for 2 movies that we didn't get when I checked out. The beer and wine were pretty good but there was no sparkling wine or decent mohitos available. All the mohitos were made with a liquor that tasted like creme de menthe instead of fresh mint.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>HotStovey
<Content>Had a great time! Loved it ! We had such a great time! Be aware that when you arrive at Punta Cana International Airport, you will be hit with a $10 fee to get into the country! Thankfully, we had cash on us to pay for that! We got to the resort and it was raining, and the staff was very helpful in getting us to our rooms without getting too wet! These rooms are by far the best on the entire complex, especially if you are travelling with children! All of the other rooms in the other hotels are just standard hotel rooms. The top floor is the one with the loft, but after that much walking around, it was nice to have the bottom floor! It was nice to have the tram, especially with my 2 yr old! He LOVED the choo-choo! However, it did move slowly. The food is regional, so don't expect too much american type food. It took me a couple of days to get used to it! The activities are pretty muich all in Spanish - we found that this resort is big on local people, Spaniards and Canadians. Not very many English speaking people - Brush up on your Spanish! The staff is wonderfuL! And the grounds are absolutely beautiful! At the end of the property, just past the Premium complex there is a flea market which you can buy your souvenirs at a much cheaper price than at the gift shops on resort property! As a final note, make sure that you pack your sunblock, but if you are susceptible to mosquito bites, bring repellant. My son and I had bug bites, which I don't mind, but was not going to pay $20 for a small can of OFF!.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>keepontrucken
<Content>I Did Not Like... This was our first time in Dominican and at an all-inclusive. Our experience was pretty unsatisfying. The room reeked of mildew and we found it on our blanket...Yuk! The room鈥檚 humidity made it impossible a have a good night sleep, but then again that's normal there. The hotel is old and obviously needs major upgrades and renos. This hotel claims to be a 4, but clearly it's far from it.The staff was mostly unfriendly, but I have to say that there was a very big group (1000+) U students from Spain and they took most of the staff鈥檚 patience. Side note: That group made our stay HELL! Most were lodged in our block and would just not shut-up and create chaos all night. Several complaints were made to the front desk and they made it really clear that they didn't care or that they were fed up with all the guest complaints. Their security guards are just for show.The golf was really nice, but I have to say that the bees nest on the first nine totally freaked me out. I never saw that many bees, well wasps before...They built their nests in the ground and you could literally see at least 50 wasps hovering around at EVERY nest. It was like fear factor for me!To sum up my experience, I disliked the resort, rooms, staff and food. I guess I'm not a fan of the all-inclusive genre.If your not picky stay there and you'll have fun, but if so continue your research and opt for another newer resort.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>mrkleen
<Content>If you want the Ritz...pay for the Ritz Honestly, like anything else in life - you get what you pay for. At $1000 pp in the dead of winter, the Bavaro Golf resort is fantastic. Good food, clean rooms with plenty of room, nice pool and a lovely, lovely beach - one of the nicest I have ever seen.With the ability to use the facilities are the sister resorts (via a short tram ride), this really is a solid budget hotel choice.I have stayed at the Iberostar - and this isnt on that level...but I also paid nearly twice as much for the Iberostar.If you want a quick, inexpensive, fun place to go on a last minute winter vacation - look no further.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Globaljaunter
<Content>A flawed gem Barcelo Bavaro Golf. The stamp was put on the stay by our first night. Arriving at midnight after a long, overcrowded Sunquest charter 鈥?I really must find a better charter company 鈥?we were put in a large lofted room. Lighting was gloomy, but otherwise looked fine. But ten minutes later, the disco, not more than ten meters away from the bedroom window, started up. The noise level was impossible. I asked for a room change, but no go, the place was full. Walked the complex and the beach until 3 am, until the disco finally wound down.The Golf is the smallest hotel of the complex, two rows of two and three level room complexes, one facing the golf course, the second the Plaza Dominicana, which houses the disco. If sleep is a priority or a necessity, do not accept lodging in this second row; you will not sleep. If you are there to party, then party on.The hotel is clean, somewhat basic. The fittings are a little long in the tooth, and it seems as if this was the first to be built of the complex. One benefit over the other units, however: there openable doors on both sides of each room, allowing cross flow ventilation for those who do not want to be forced to use the noisy air conditioning. If you keep the sheer curtains closed, not too many mosquitoes get in. Insect screens on the windows would be nice.The unit showed its age in the leaking air conditioner, leaving a wet puddle on the glazed tile in the bathroom. This was leakage from the upper units, as we had not turned the conditioner on. In the dark, my wife slipped and smashed her face on the floor. She had a nasty facial bruise, but fortunately no bones or teeth broken. The initial response of management was to put a pail under the leak to catch the water; the response to a second complaint was to do a repair that lasted one day. A third complaint was responded to more promptly, and a tech came by, explained that his repair would be temporary again and that he would need time to do a proper repair. As we were leaving the following day, I said: Manyana.All meals we took at the Beach and Caribe. It took a little while to get to know the layout. Some kind of guide would help. The buffets are standard for Caribbean, rows of salads, basic meats done to a uniform style. The walls are open to the elements, with windbreak netting when the wind is stronger than usual. Wine is offered, but is not drinkable. We settled down to the usual Presidente beer, with variation into tequila and rum from time to time. The local white rum is not good; the darker is better.Evening entertainment was variable. The Beach had a universally tepid and boring program, with much Latino buffo humour, and volume settings to make the ears bleed. The Caribe was much better, with a trio of singers who excelled, until the standard Bavaro advertisement break, coming on as support to the generic dance troupe. Alas, they were better when they were not trying too much. The beach itself is fantastic. There is a wide lagoon, out to a coral reef, with very quiet water in its lee. The water is great to stay in for a long time, likely because the lagoon is relatively shallow and stays warm. Just short of the breakers are cages in the water, for a ray and some nurse sharks, for the snorkellers to be able to say they swam with a shark. Maybe a hundred snorkellers in the enclosure, with half as many again on the boat itself. Except for the Beach area, which has 'animacion鈥?- this is really a noisy attempt at aerobics/dancing, with a rah rah camp leader and compere - there is little to distract. There is peace and quiet, with an excellent bar at the south of the beach. Basic canoes and sailboards, and Hobie cats for rent. The 鈥榓ll inclusive鈥?boats are Lasers, two of them, both cleverly placed at the at the extreme North end of the complex. No extra charge, but so much mouth about who could and could not sail them it proved to be not worth the while. By the way, I am a competent sailor. I have been used to seeing a few basic cat rigged dingies about Caribbean resorts, to mess around in. These are normally idiot proof, and cheap to operate. Maybe I am na茂ve about this. Certainly providing the boats, however inaccessible, means that they can be added to the hotel brochures鈥?br/>We found ourselves gravitating to the Caribe, rather than the Beach. It was less given to offend audibly. The shows are better there; they share with the Palace next door. The Palace is more ostentatious than better. 鈥淧remium鈥?means a pianist in the foyer in the evening, playing golden oldie movie theme songs. Lots more children, lots. So for an 鈥榰pscale鈥?family event, this is the place.The golf course is pretty standard. The greens are better than I believed they would be. Rentals are Wilsons, with a terrible driver and fairway woods, which I kept in my bag. As Air Canada lost my golf bag I had to use this set. Too bad, but not the hotel鈥檚 fault. Buy balls before you go; the prices on the course will make your nose bleed. A very basic grill on the club house patio. Hotdogs or hotdogs. No relish, so bring lots of those little restaurant bags of relish if you like relish.I must say a word about the staff. They were patient, and helpful. They dealt with crumbling infrastructure with grace and to the best of their ability. They are understaffed in critical areas such as the restaurants, but do a great job nonetheless.Overall, it was not too bad, by Caribbean large volume standards. You get what you pay for. Next time I think I will put a fcw more pennies into my vacation and find a little place in St. Croix. Ten beds in the hotel sounds a lot more attractive to me.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotsally
<Content>Fun in the Sun This is about my 10th year traveling, and after all the bad reviews, I was expecting the worst. I must say, this is one of the funnest places I have stayed. 3 sisters hotels always gave us lots to do. The train shuttles you to all the resorts so you don't have to walk. The casino is pretty good. All the a la cartes are good if you get sick of the buffets. Just go from hotel to hotel and try them out and you shouldn't get sick of them. I ate something I shouldn't have and got food poisoning. Luckily the doctor was close. They took excellent care of me, sent me to the tourist hospital in an ambulance, and I had to stay there for 2 days. It was just as clean as a Canadian hospital, and they were really good with me. If you are even thinking of not spending the $26.00 for medical insurance. Think again. My bill was $4000.00 U.S. Luckily I had insurance.All the hotels have thier pros and cons. There are 2 disco's. The tourist one is the best. Busy every night, and food beside it late at night. The beach is the most beautiful beach I have ever seen.One thing I have to complain about is the service at the bars and restaurants. It is the worst I have seen in 10 years at any resort. As well, watch out for the bottled water that they supply there. There were many that were not sealed that we got served. Also, I agree with the previous review about the bed bugs. Take bug spray and spray your bed every night. There is something in there that bites. Apparently there have been people that have died from getting malaria in Domincan. We took malaria pills, and seem to be fine. The Domincans won't admit there is anything wrong, but don't take the chance.The vacation is what you make it, and we made it great.Have a great time, it is a great resort.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>Ken&Pam
<Content>What a great place to stay! In November 07, we stayed at the Barcelo Bavero Golf Resort - our first time, after staying at the Caribe and the Beach on two previous occasions. This was by far our best vacation, (we are going back to Barcelo's Caribe in March). We are unable to stay at the Golf resort for this trip , the package was unavailable for the dates we wanted, otherwise we would be on our way back. The room was kept perfect and our fridge was always kept full, (we changed our pop from Coke to 7-up - no problem). We were on the lower level, had 2 balconies and 2 bedrooms. The only minor problem was that the toilet didn't flush every time. This was fixed immediately upon request.The front desk staff were excellent, Senor Raphael, the manager, was always available and gracious. The staff at the Bambu, the golf hotel bar, were friendly and tried to help us with our Spanish. Even though we will be staying at the Caribe, the Bambu bar will be our bar.We found the food at each compex was very good - the Mexican Restaurant was a plus. For the little extra a meal at the French Restaurant The Palace was worthy of a visit. We staggered our meals between each of the comlexes and the al la carte restaurants. La Uva was one of our favourites - the seafood is great. The golf course is a resort course, but a real challenge. We were able to leave our clubs in the storage for a minimal charge, without concern. The staff in the pro shop are outstanding and don't miss the the little golf bar after your round - Juan traditionally looks after his guests. Only negative - the mosquitos - but it is a tropical paradise - bring spray with itch-out .The little train connecting the hotels (every 15 mins.) is a big plus, you meet new friends, and get to see the whole complex. A visit to the flea market is a must - they expect you to bargain. You and the vendor go away smiling, both thinking you got the best deal - but we know better. The artists' work is beautiful - this time we intend to bring a piece home. The beach is lovely, clean, fresh and long - we walked as far as we could every morning after breakfast, which again is great, and don't forget a takeout smoothie. Swimming is superb. Use lots of sunblock - it's expensive if you have to buy it when you get there, as is the bug spray- we used 4 bottles of sun block over a 2 week period. And remember to use the sunblock from the first day you get there or pay the price! I know this is trite but just like a party we get out of a it what we put in, Enjoy your trip, we are looking forward to ours in March.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JennyBear13
<Content>fun, busy, loud, great beach I stayed at the Bavaro Barcelo Golf the first week of the year. The resort is huge. There are many buildings and many restauarants and the beach is never far away. Our accomodations at the golf were large. 5 beds in total for 2 couples. The beds sucked but at least the place was airconditioned. The worst part was that we were accross from the disco of our resort that played LOUD until 3:00 am EVERY night. Brutal. At one point I thought the band had taken up on the staircase of our condo.The best part was the beach. Amazing. Beautiful sand. You get sick of the food even though there are many places to eat. I recommend taking a full tour of the resort and scope out the best/quietest places to eat on your first day. Tipping is a good way to ensure good service. Everyone is nice and very happy to get a dollar bill from you. The maid was great and always left the room spotless.Warning about bugs. I was bitten by some kind of sand flea or bed bug the first night and had to suffer with ugly red bite marks the whole trip. Golf was fun. Not a great course. Kind of squishy. Wickedly hot.Took a trip to Saona Island and that was fun. Basically it is a very busy resort , good for families. Too hectic for couples trying to get some down time.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>CalgaryTraveller83
<Content>Great Holiday 8 of us travelled to the Dominican for 2 weeks this month. I have to say I was a little nervous about the hotel after reading the reviews on this website...thankfully they were completely unfounded by all of us that went!!!The service was awesome, especially the staff at the Golf lobby/pool bar. We were told when we landed that a Dominican minute is a bit longer than a normal minute, and for goodness sake, we were on holidays and not in a rush to go anywhere. The only time the service seemed slow was when someone would push infront of you. The only rudeness we experienced was from other visitors.The food was good...just like anything else, by the end of 2 weeks the buffet was looking like old news, but I was always able to find something that appealed to me. The Mexican and the Steakhouse restaurants were fantastic. The best buffet was at the Caribe.The rooms were huge...between the 8 of us, 4 rooms, we had 14 extra beds!! Only one room was dirty when we checked in, and they were moved right away, no questions asked. Make sure to bring small bills to tip the bellmen that run like mad all day long and keep the room fridge stocked!A few of us did get sick, but remember you are in a foreign country. Pack smart, bring immodium and tums, and you will be just fine.There were a few bugs in the rooms, but once again, its a foreign country with a tropical climate...even your house would have bugs. A couple of us did get quite a few bites, but when we got home we were told they were flea bites and probably from the exursions off the resort. Bring benadryl and calamine lotion.The only complaint we had was there was no where at our hotel to cash in travellers checks. We would have to go to the casino at the next hotel, cash them in for chips, walk around for a bit, and then cash out. Not a huge problem, just a mild inconvience.Also, do everything possible to avoid itravel2000.com. Their customer service is terrible.Overall, had a fantastic time. Do yourself a favor and get off the resort...see how the people live. It will give you a bit of perspective on how minor our problems are!!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>annbMinneapolis
<Content>It was Okay Okay here is what I thought. This is was the resort we (12 total, all aged early twenties) took our third annual all inclusive vacation. The Good-The rooms were huge, and really nice. The staff worked really hard, and for the most part were really nice. The drinks were almost too strong, and that is saying a LOT. The beach is the nicest I have ever seen, and the one in Costa Rica was really nice. When we went the weather was perfect. The Golf course was really nice, but I don't play a lot so I am not a great judge. The disco was fun. OH eat at the MEXICAN resturant. It was by far the best resturant on the properties, including the steak house. The Bad-I don't know what the deal was, but almost all of the 12 of us got sick from the food. I have never gotten food posioning before, but was sick as a dog one day. Of the nine of us that got sick, we were all better within a day. The bugs are insane. You won't see them, but you will be itiching. The biggest problem that we had was a communication issue. It seemed as though SOME (and only some) of the staff seemed to ignore the english speaking guests. And not because they didn't understand. This is not a resort that caters (sp) to Americans. You have to understand that before you go.Things I wish I knew-Bug spray, along with anti-itch cream. Bring It. Pepto Bismol. It is your friend.Small bills. There is a flea market at the Palace. It is a really good idea to come prepared with small bills so you don't have to find change at the front desk. Do not go there with big bills. MEXICAN RESTURANT. Its at the beach hotel, and is only open from 6:30-11. There will be a line at the steakhouse. Its good, but the mexican resturant is so much better.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>gladtogo
<Content>Beautiful beach!       Our son and his girlfriend with the photo monkey ($8.00 per photo). Notice the gorgeous sand...  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	2	2	1	

<Author>thrash
<Content>Stop the complaining!! Okay, first things first. Do yourself a favour and don't listen to all of those Wankers who still managed to find something to complain about -- even on vacation! If you hate beautiful weather, golf, Pina Coloda's by the ocean, medallion steak lunches, friendly staff, romantic Italian dinners and aphrodisiac liquor this place is totally not for you. Seriously forget it. You should definitely re-route your plans to the wax museum.For those of you who clearly desire an auspicious holiday this is the resort for you. Here is the run down of what we experienced in minor detail:1.) For starters, this was the first all inclusive type holiday that my Fiancee and I had ever been on. Generally, we prefer a more adventurous vacation but since we could only afford to take a week off we decided to give it a go. Boy am I glad we did. Killer trip.2.) We were greeted at the lobby with a delicious Pina Coloda and kindly escorted by the bell boy to our room, which was clean and quite spacious. The room includes a locking safe which we found handy for our personal belongings. 3.) Tipping does go a long way! These people work hard and hardly get paid. Wouldn't you appreciate a buck or two for good service? We found that by only giving a few dollars of appreciation our fridge was always full with cold beer and our towels and bedding were changed daily. What else does one need?4.) Our package included 4 rounds of free golf. The course was indeed dry, but that's to be expected with the temperatures being so high. We also managed to book every tee time when we wanted, regardless of the fact that the resort was completely packed. The scenery was amazing and we enjoyed watching all of the native birds around the course. Coolio. 5.) We also enjoyed making friends with many of the workers especially the Bartenders and Beach/dancing activities coordinator. It was hilarious to learn the different dances in the hot tropical sun, slightly blitzed from the Mojito's. Which, by the way, are amazing if you can get them to add fresh mint (go to the bar in front of the Barcelo Beach). 5.) As for the food....There was ample selection as we had access to all of the other Barcelo resort restaurants. We personally loved the Mexican Restaurant. If you have a few tequila shots with the waiter you're sure to end up with the bottle on your table (thanks Francis) but read the fine print -- could result in double vision or ruin ones golf game. hee hee. During the day we usually ate at the buffets to avoid the line-ups. Neither of us became ill either which was an added bonus.6.) Do buy one of the Dominican paintings. They're amazing!! We spent an entire afternoon looking at them, finally settling on a beautiful piece in our price range that I love dearly. It is presently in our living room. Well, I could write a ton more but certainly don't have the time. Have a wonderful vacation and remember to smile and have fun. Life's as good as you make it!!! Especially on vacation :)  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TravellingMinx
<Content>Loved it...second visit in 8 mths After careful researching and comparing of ideal vacations, you come to realize that most people tend to post reviews when they were less than happy with their experience. As a result, its easy to pass up gems like the Barcelo Bavaro as a fantastic vacation property to relax and indulge at. So why review now? well for us to have had a consistent experience over two visits within 8 months says alot about a place and makes it less of an anomaly of a great experience. Based on that, it would seem that this location is well deserving of a little kudos from its mucho happy guests. Us: 6 people aged 23-35Visited: February  November 2006Stayed: Barcelo Bavaro Golf (both 1 bdrm apartments and 2 level lofts)The Barcelo is a complex of 5 hotels all within easy and close access to the beach with a variety of activities to keep singles, couples, families and retirees quite happy. For those of you worried about the Golf or Casino hotels being too far from the beach, well think again- 2 minutes is really only two minutes so don't be deterred. So the key attributes we considered in finding the perfect week haven that may be helpful to you:Rooms: clean, lots of room, well maintained, great cleaning service and staff. Fridge always stocked. We were located near the pool and bar- never experienced too much noise at 1am. Although keep in mind the walls are thin and so you can hear inconsiderate guests who enjoy slamming doors or closets. But thats about people and not the place. Food: Great variety. Fresh and very flavourful.Buffets- grilled/ prepared to your preferences, lots of selection, changes everyday. Breakfast is definitely worth getting up early for- if you are so inclined on vacation Restaurants: Steakhouse- striploins, baked potatoes, onion rings- in the middele of the carribean a welcome change of pace amidst the buffetsItalian- great lasagna, breaded veal- worth standing in line for 10 minutes for Mexican- enchiladas and faijitas do not disappointBeach Grill- calamari, grilled shrimps, pizza and fries- perfect for in between sun soaking or parasailing (a wait depending on time of day)Miss your starbucks? Cappucinos are delicious and addictive- you've been warned. Pools: In general,-all clean, no need to wake up at 7am to save a lounger and of course bars to keep you quenched with your beverage of choicePools at the golf and the casino hotels: perfect for a little quiet to relax and read and a swim in between to cool off Pools at the beach and the caribe hotels: looking for eye candy, activities, music and partying- then head over to these locations for a good dose of fun and frolic in the sun by the poolBeach: well its Punta Cana the beaches are perfect. again no need to get up at 7am to get a lounger. Massage Cabanas at each hotel beach area- the perfect activity at sun down before a nap for only $45/ hr. For daredevils: every imaginable activity is available. If nothing else, perfect people watching while toasting yourself, lathered up in sunscreen. Entertainment: if you like shows- there's lots of evening shows including the Tropicallisimo show. If you need to get your groove on- Disco Bavaro on the resort is one of the best clubs we've ever been to onsite. DJ's mix it up every night depending on the crowd. So don't be surprised if one night its mostly dance and RB, only to go back the next night to latin and top 40. Usually busy every night after midnight going strong until after 4am. So have a long afternoon nap to indulge in all the gyrating with the tanned and tireless. Need retail therapy: just down the beach closest to the Palace hotel is a mini artisans market where you should be prepared to bargain and enjoy the banter of the sellers as they woo you with their wares. Theres also a mini shopping complex on the resort, with lots to see and comparable to shopping at the market or offsite. There's also a golf course, a casino, mini golf, a spa, pingpong, tennis, pool tables, a trolley for resort sightseeing....and just think even with a week, we never got to do everything we had set out to...but alas isn't that what vacation is all about. Without a doubt, we highly recommend this resort based on our experiences but find out for yourself why we think its a gem and why we've been back twice in a year.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>samantharw
<Content>very roomy! There was myself, two sisters, and my mother travelling. We wanted 2 rooms because we were informed that the max occ. in a Golf apartment was 4. We didn't want to share beds so we booked 2 rooms. From the moment we got there everything and everyone was super nice! BUT when we got to our rooms, we were shocked!! our rooms could have easily slept 6-8 people. There were 5 beds, one was a king in the loft upstairs. Two full bathrooms! So, between this family of 4 there was 10 beds!! Since then everything went very smooth, some how we had the best timing and luck, we beat all the line ups everywhere even at the airport, not on purpose either!The food was not good though, I found a worm in my cooked brocoli at the buffet, I basically ate buns and butter the whole time. The bartnders were very fun and happy go-lucky, singing all the time. I really hit it off with one at the pool bar. His name is Esubio, very good looking!However, don't expect them to make your drink right away, unlike NorthAmerica, they take their time there. Your on vacation! no need to rush!When I saw online maps of the full barcelo resorts, I was a little bummed because I thought that I would have to walk quite a ways to get to the beach from the golf apartments. Turns out the beach was right around the corner 2 minute walk! all the other resorts were very easy walking distance too! There isn't much point in waiting for the tram because it's always full! and by the time you waited 10 minutes for the tram, you could have been where you wanted to go anyway!The toilets and showers were weak, there was a rather large cockaroach in one bathroom.All in all I think the attitude you take in with you will be your attitude the whole vacation. It is a beautiful resort, gorgous beach, fun people, food not so good but not horribly bad. I will definatly go back! One tip I have would be to pack alot of snack food!!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	3	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>poor results and service at the My concerns are all with the resort and the service received there.Upon arrival we were pleased with the esthetics of the hotel lobby and became very excited about beginning our vacation. We enjoyed exploring the different hotels on the property and riding the trolley and enjoying our co-travelers and meeting new friends.However as the week progressed and we realized that we where unable to get any type of service we became more disappointed as the week went on.It took me 5 days to get hand towels. There were no face clothes available. The glasses and cups where never changed in our rooms. Simply rinsed and left. They had the same dirty rings all week. I even left them outside the room and they where put back. There were none on the maid鈥檚 carts. There was no bottled water left when we arrived in our room. That too took days and 鈥渂egging鈥?to get enough water supplied to ensure safe drinking water. I was told at the front desk that we could drink the tap water, which was in-fact incorrect. I specifically asked at the front desk on numerous occasions to get the towels and water only to be disappointed each time when it was not supplied. The 鈥渋ncluded鈥?bar fridge in room was really only included when we could follow the employee that did the re-fills and pointed to what we wanted. Our room was made up dailey however never really cleaned and was often made up very late in the day. A couple of times not before we went for dinner. 3 or our 4 rooms in our traveling party never got made up on 1 occasion each.We did not receive the beach towels 鈥渋n room鈥?that came with the VIP package. We did not receive the fruit basket until we requested via the SUNWING representative. She was located at another hotel and we had to go to the other hotel to communicate with her. One party of our group did not get a room in the block that you have reserved for your VIP guests. This was resolved only through much persistence at the front desk on my part along with another guest. We were able to retain 1 out of 4 rooms on check out day for luggage storage and again this took a lot of effort on our part and seemed to put the desk manager out! There were in fact many rooms left unoccupied in our area so it was not true when they said they could not offer this service due to occupancy. One of the selling points of the package from SUNWING for us was the ability to have the room/rooms for the day.The golf course was conveniently located on the resort property but condition was dismal. The internet in our hotel did not work  when the front desk was advised by ourselves and other guests they would not even post a sign to warn people before they put there money into the machine. When asking for a resolution for lost money they where unwilling to offer anything. My husband was required to keep in touch with his business regularly and we spent more than double what we needed to for Internet access for the week. I did not personally visit the casino however I was told by other guests that there where issues of honesty with the dealers. Again when brought to the casino staffs attention they where unwilling to correct the situation. The food was ok, not great and very repetitive. Most of the employees spoke little or no English which made the ability for us to express our concerns fruitless. We would try to communicate over  over  then just give up. The staff at the front desk where often rude and portrayed a 鈥渄on鈥檛 care attitude鈥? There was a great, very large local market on the beach. Ironically all the venders spoke perfect English. They were very friendly. Interesting the efforts we witnessed here when they were required to compete for our business. The costumes @ the evening show were outstanding, however overall the show was very boring as there was no English so we did not know what was being said or sung. No audience interaction and the same show every night. Last year the resort we where at had a different show every evening, English and very creative. We were unable to determine if we were to sit in the prestige section again due to lack of English. The service in all of the bars was atrocious. The head bartender at the pool bar at our hotel spent more time on the hotel phone and his cel phone than he did serving drinks. All in all it seemed to us that asking for a drink whether it was liquor or water was inconvenient for them. When we would ask for something most times they were unresponsive. The lack of response indicated to me that they did not care and we, as guests were not important. Both my husband and a co-traveller gave large tips upon arrival in the bars to ensure excellent service. The $10.00 or $ 20.00 tips did no more for us than the $1.00 or none! Bottom line the only time we received exceptional service that you would expect on a vacation was when outside the complex. We did not go on a vacation to have to fight for service and be irritated through lack of. If it had not be for the fun that we made our selves with Bob  Marsha and the rest of our traveling party the trip would have been even more disappointing.We are done with Punta Cana. This resort as deterrred us from ever wanting to go back.I have contacted the travel agent 2 times to get direction on how to bring this to someones attention for correction and have not received a response to either of my emails.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not go to the Casino We went with a group. It seemed that everyone in the group had a problem with the bathroom in their room( running toliets, toliets not flushing, leaking ceiling, no hot water, showers spraying all over and also not restocking the fridge with waters).The rooms are not what you would expect for an all-inclusive resort.They were old looking and well used. Everything needs to be updated badly. The help didn't seem like they want to help you. The buffet is not open for lunch and if you want to eat something more then a burger you will have to walk for it. If you wanted to go the beach you will have to walk for that too. If you wanted to get a drink you will have to get it yourself because the staff that works around the bar area will not ask you if you would like something even when you tip them.The food is not what we are used to here in the U.S.A. The filet mignon was not a steak but hamburger shaped in a ball with bacon wrapped around it. You will also need to bring bug spray for the bugs at night. Do not go to the show at the Casino Resort the outfits didn't match on the girls, things missing from the costumes and the drinks were not included(that goes with the non-included menu part there are also some places you cannot eat with out being charged more ) we felt bad for the people in the show. How can you feel good about what you are doing when the resort does not provide you with the stuff you need to look good. In a quick over view the place needs to be updated and the staff could use a class in interacting with the guest. It seemed like it was a bother for them to have us there. I know they make very little money and I felt bad but we did try the tip route and we didn't see anything different in the service. We were not the only ones feeling this way. We ran into someone else that had been to the Dominican 6 other times and had a great time. He did stay a different chain of resorts those other times and said he would never return to this one.Good things: when you made it to the water it was beautiful. The weather was warm with out being to hot. The pool was nice and relaxing. Also not many people around it. The day trips around the island were wonderful. May people in our group enjoyed glass bottom boat, swimming with the sharks and a party boat.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Kittcatt
<Content>THE WORST!!!!! We aren't picky, but this is positvely the worst place we've ever stayed. Here're some of the high(low)lights:1. Overall, we got total attitude that was downright rude from anyone who worked there, except for the bellmen, of whom we saw a lot because of room switches that were necessary. The bartenders completely ignored you, even if you were the only one standing there. The workers in the pizza take-away, which was the only food service open during the afternoons, would practically taunt people by ignoring them, making them wait, stopping to socialize and taking pictures with some senoritas. The whole attitude completely ruined the trip for all of us. We definitely did not feel welcome. It was a struggle just to get food and water. 2. Upon arrival, we were switched to the Casino Hotel instead of the Golf Hotel, even after my travel agent wrote to them and I wrote to them asking to prevent this from happening when I read about it out on the Web. The Casino Hotel was a much farther walk from the beach, a problem for my father-in-law who has trouble walking, and the Casino Hotel is not as nice as the Golf Hotel. I was given the run-around when I tried to get us switched to the Golf Hotel the next day, an ordeal that took 6 hours and additional $$$ in bellmen鈥檚 fees (luggage for two families had to be carted by the bellman when we were dropped off at the Golf Hotel initially, then another when we checked into the Casino Hotel, again when we checked out of the Casino Hotel, and then more when we finally checked into the Golf Hotel).  3. On our first morning in a new room, I found鈥?ahem 鈥?a vibrating toy (belonging to someone else) in my bed AFTER I鈥檇 slept in it. Eww. It was only then that Management at the Golf Hotel actually started doing anything except ignoring us. Nonetheless, the maid was rude when I insisted on seeing all of the bedding changed. Management tried to make it up with flowers, rum, and t-shirts, but the damage was done. We never slept well the rest of the week, particularly since some of the beds smelled like someone had peed in them.  4. The whole Casino Hotel smelled strongly of sewage, especially inside the room and at the buffet. 5. Water was leaking from the ceiling of no less than 3 out of the 5 rooms they tried to force us into staying in. Maintenance never showed even if you waited and waited. Finally we just gave up and put up with it, although the source of the water remained a mystery. Ick. 6. The toilets worked sometimes, sometimes they didn鈥檛. More than once I had to lift the lid off of the back and fix the mechanism myself, and that wasn鈥檛 just one toilet. 7. The walls were so thin in the Casino Hotel that we were awakened at 5:00 in the morning by the party next door and Security did absolutely nothing about it. 8. The phone in my in-laws鈥?room didn鈥檛 ring so we had to use walkie-talkies to communicate between rooms. More more more inconvenience. We were not the only ones that suffered these problems. There was a steady stream of irate people at the front desks throughout our stay. The only bright spot was the GoGo representative named Nolberto, although he didn鈥檛 work for the hotel. He was great great great.Stay away. It is not worth it, no matter how deep the discount.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to visit Booked my trip through cheapcaribbean and feel I did pretty well for us. Went with my girlfriend and after taking 3 flights and a Turinter bus ride got to our hotel. Initially greeted with puzzled look as our reservation did not seem to be on the computer. Gentleman at reception desk put as at ease with a cold glass of presidente which made everything better. Magically we were given keys to a large suite on third floor to hotel overlooking the beatiful courtyard. Plenty of room and happy to find our kingsize bed on an upper level of our suite. Free safe and refrigerator was a nice touch as was the great AC on both floors. Went to Mirador buffet for our first dinner and I tried everything. Paid for it with the runs just for the first night. Pepto is a must have for every caribbean trip. My girlfriend was unscathed as she is formidable with her IBS. The beautiful flamingos were a pleasure to look at in our hotel lobby. The beach is ammmaaaazzzziiiinnnnggg. The tourists are great such diversity from all over the world. I got to see the breast of all nations. We ate at several included restaurants. The best was the Steak Restaurant mmm and the Mexican place in Bavaro Beach Hotel. We hung out at Palace but all beaches had their own greatness. The beer was greeat and the pina coladas are nice but insist on rum on top. Often not given unless asked for. Played golf around 4pm and it was my entire course. There was an anal banker type from NJ who acted like a ---- but thats to be expected. He pretended to want to play with me just to get ahead with his trophy mail order russian wife and played through. Loved hotel except for drip from ceiling. All good.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great week Returned one week ago from a great week at the Bavaro Beach Hotel and wish I was back there right now! My husband and I had our 20 year old son(in from college), My 17 year old daughter and her best friend traveling with us. They shared one room and we were next door. The rooms could use to be updated but everything worked and they were kept very clean. The amount of time spent in the room is so minimal that it really wasn't that important. The beach is so beautiful and the water is that beautiful aqua color you expect from a Carribean vacation.We were able to take long walks on the beach because it is sooo long and finding a lounge chair and a palm tree to sit under is never a problem. The weather was perfect despite the predictions on Weather(-)(ignore whatever they say, I dont know where they get their forecasts!) People come from all over the world to stay in Punta Cana and the different languages and cultures only added to the vacation. We did not have any issues with the staff and found everyone to be friendly and greet you with an hola and a smile. The food is okay, nothing special, typical for an all-inclusive. We never had a problem finding something we liked to eat and the fruits are amazing. My husband and I are wine drinkers and the wine was really not good. We were able to buy a bottle of wine at any bar or restaurant which we did do a few times. The kids enjoyed having a pizza at the end of each day(available from noon on) to hold them over until dinner. I did bring some bags of pretzels and chips in the suitcases with us for late afternoon snacks. The kids loved going to the disco every night at 11:00 and didn't roll in until the early hours of the morning. I felt comfortable with the hotel security. We watched the nightly shows and were asleep by midnight Some shows were better than others, some corny but they were entertaining. Overall we had a great time !  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't expect to get your room at the Golf Upon our arrival we were told we were UPGRADED to the Beach Hotel as the Golf Apartments were full.They consider this an upgrade as it is ocean view, this was not an upgrade at all, the room was very small. I noticed this was happening to other people constantly too, so beware do not bother booking the Golf as there is a very good chance you'll end up at the Beach anyways. They obviously double book the Golf and move people to the Beach Hotel.I would not have cared so much but we had booked a 1 bedroom apartment for our second honeymoon so needless to say I was very disappointed.We complained but to no avail except we were given run of the Palace Hotel which was a bonus but not what we wanted, would have preferred to have our apartment.The service was okay, tipping helped. The Steak House was the best restaurant of all but sometimes very long lineups.The entertainment and the disco were fun.The tram ran constantly and was fun in the evenings.Other than the problem with our room, overall I had a great time. It's what you make of it I guess but I am trying to get a refund from my Travel Agent about the room.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Golf-Lovers
<Content>Great Vacation We stayed at the Beach Hotel  our friends stayed at the Golf Apts. We were sent to the Beach as the Golf apts were full.The rooms were very clean  there was a fridge which was filled daily with 2 beers, pop  water no charge  also there was a coffee maker with coffee in each room.Our room had 2 dbl beds. The Golf Apts had a loft on the top floor  on the main floor, 1 bedroom with 2 dbl beds  another 2 sgl beds in the main area. There were also 2 full bathrooms.The Food was excellent. There were several different restaurants, 3 a la cart  4 buffets.There was a large selection of food at each. Each buffet had a grill, so you could have your meat (Beef/Chick/Pork/Fish) cooked while you wait. They all had a pasta bar which was made to your preference.There were also a few other restaurants, but you had to pay a surcharge.The Golf Course was pretty good, very challenging. A few of the greens needed work, but overall it was good. There was usually water or woods on both sides of the fairways, so be prepared..bring lots of balls. You can always buy some from the workers usually they ask $10.00 per bag, but you can get them down to a little less.All the golf carts had a cooler with water  you could ask for beer at no charge. The carts were $30.00 US per person.They had several bars. Never a shortage on booze. If you wanted premium liquor, there was a 2-3 $ charge, otherwise you had their private label.The Beach was beautiful. The Ocean is just like the brochures (aqua) You could walk for a few miles on the soft sand. There is a flea market down the beach, where you could buy all your souvieners. You need to do lots of bartering...This is the 3rd time we have been at this resort, 1990, 2000  now 2006.We will definately go again. I would rate this resort as a 4 + ****  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CalgaryGood4u
<Content>The perfect holiday We have been back for a week and already i am looking forward to my next visit to this wonderful place.My sister and i had the most relaxing holiday we have both ever had. It started the moment we arrived at the Barcelo Bavaro Golf Resort. We were processed at the front desk right away by a very friendly staff member and given a cool Pina Colada while she was activating the keys for our room. We were taken to our room ASAP by another very freindly gentleman. We did notice that the safe in our room was not working and brought this to their attention right away. They promised to move us the very next day.When we went back the next day we asked if we could get a room facing the pool, well they did one even better we got a loft suit, my sister was estatic.Each staff member we met was very friendly and these people are always singing, and some as was the case with one of our bartenders,(Osea) always dancing.As for the food there was much to choose from the only thing i tried and did not like was the goat cheese. I thought i was eating cheddar but knew that was not the case right away.Niether of us was sick once because of the food, we did not over indulge and ate very balanced meals that were all delicious. The steak house was very good and coming from a province that claims to have the best beef, the beef medalions we had at this establishment was just as good. If there is one complaint it is the size of the serving, it was a very large portion and i could not finish it so i felt bad wasting some of it. Now for the golfing, as i am a avid golfer the package i got was very much the reason i choose this resort. It was a challenging course in the sense that if you do not hit straight you have lost another ball. I always tried to get a 7 am tee time and only 2 out of 8 tee times i was not successful. The young guy who takes your tee time reservations knew my name and room number after the 2 time. As mentioned you do not need to take a lot of balls with you as the maintanance staff are constantly coming around offering you a bag of balls (and they are good ones) for $10.00 U.S I found you could get them down to $8.00 and a servaso(beer) My last game was the best but you not only gauged it by your score but also by the lack of balls you lost. I only lost four that day and had 2 pars so it was a good note to go home on.As for excursions, the Sanona Island tour was the best. It is a all day excursion from 7:30 am and you are dropped off back at your hotel by 7 pm all for $86.00 U.S. It was great value for the money and more.Finally i just want to say that holiday's are what you make it. If you go looking for problems you will get them, but if you go with a open mind and the desire to have a good time you will.I have a few friends who were talking about going on a cruise for our next big birthday, i will be pushing for a change in plans to include this great resort.One other thing i had originally planned on going for one week, my sister said no way it has to be 2 weeks or nothing. Well i am glad we did. My sister has been to a 5 star in cuba Tryp Peninsula and enjoyed the people the food and the location much more here.Hope your holiday was as good as ours.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Canadians beware!! Before my wife and I left for our trip to this resort we had been told that 40% of all Canadians travelling to the Dominican Republic get ill. We ignored this and paid the price. Put your travel dollars elsewhere!When we arrived to our room, we noticed sewage leaking into our bathroom from above and there was a terrible odour. The staff were not going to permit us to change rooms. Only after the sight of my wife's tears at the guest services desk, and my fit of rage were we permitted to move rooms. 2 days later, my wife became very ill, (we suspect from the salad bar). I must admit the doctor and nurses on the resort were very helpfull.Make sure you have travel insurance!! Another 2 days later her situation worsened and had to be hospitalized. (Again, the help was excellent)I guess my point is that the help and service at the hotel was far surpassed by the medical staff. The service level at the Barcelo Bavara Golf  Casino Resort is abysmal.If you're staying at the golf resort, don't expect to get a round of golf in on your holiday. The course is always booked but as you're laying by the pool wishing you were out on the course, you won't see a single golfer go by. It is obviously not in their best interest to allow golfers on their course.In short, this was just a terrible trip for us.Food is merely passible when it doesn't make you ill,Staff is indifferent,There's a perpetual stench of insecticide in the air,Pools are crowded,Bars are turtle slow and rarely staffed properly, rooms are nothing past ok if you don't have sewage in them.The sad thing is that this could have been a great trip. There are 4 resorts in 1 here. All linked by a fun disney-like train system. Gusests are permitted to travel at their leisure among the 4 resorts, use the restaurants, immenities, etc. The set-up is excellent. The execution is brutal. Go to another island!!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>That 70 's show " I love wisconsin " Happy Travels Hi fellow Americans : Stayed at the Bavaro [Golf ]The beach is very nice but as we read from otherreviews was windy in January . Temp was 75-80 sunnywith early rain Am and late PM . We enjoyed our stayfood was good and the rooms were clean. Only 15 % were from U.S.A. We came back tan and ready to facewinter in Wisconsin again. This resort has 4 hotelsin one and each has restuarants to serve you. We ateat all of them some were better then others but nonewere bad . The motor train-tram they have is very nice to get around on,or ride and enjoy the nite.The shows were entertaining ,as the staff workedthe tables for drinks.We did tip dollards for good service and If you smile or have something funny to say the staff will respond in kind . All in All we rate this a 3 1/2 star. God Bless the U.S.A.  Bill and Bobbie -- Milwaukee Wisconsin  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>husband/wife
<Content>lovey place stayed there for 2 weeks in January. Don't be in a hurry for any service, bring bug spray for your legs and feet, and then you'll have a wonderful, relaxing time. Go on a day trip to Saona Island or Bavaro Runner. Well worth the time and money. All in all had a great time.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ants in Your Pants This review is in addition to the brief review written by my husband at the end of our trip with our daughter.(DR Aug./05) I was very disppointed with this resort. Our room was over run with tiny biting ants crawling every where,in the sand  I saw them at the dessert bar of the Mexican restaurant crawling all over the pastries,fruit,etc.Gross!Contrary to my husband's statement the language was an issue - I had to finally go to the back of the Air Canada binder (at the front desk)  quickly learn some Spanish words  phrases as few spoke English.Restaurants were sweltering - only 1 was air conditioned. Beach was beautiful. My 14 yr. old daughter  I became violently ill after eating at the Italian restaurant  I was sick for 2 wks. after I got home. Almond Beach Resort in Barbados was amazing  food  beaches were far superior.I would not return to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Our Trip ! My husband and I have just returned from a 5 day/4 night stay at the Bavaro Casino Hotel and we had a relaxing and enjoyable stay.Initially we were a little dubious when we pulled up outside the Casino Hotel as we were worried that it would be a bit tacky and noisy but it was the opposite. Once you get past the yellow neon lights at the front of the hotel, the hotel decor takes on a more Caribbean feel.We booked our trip last minute and so were a little apprehensive as to what we would end up with but we had a room over looking the golf course and it was wondefully peaceful.The room wasn't anything special but it was clean and comfortable.The Casino Hotel is about a 5 minute walk ( if that )to the beach and the Bavaro Beach Hotel and Bavaro Caribbe Hotel. We actually ended up spending our days by the pool at the Casino Hotel as it was less busy and the bar was close by. It seems that most people went to the other hotels to use the pools as they are on the beach and kept away from the Casino Hotel pool ( which was an added bonus for us ! ).The pool at the Casino Hotel is lovely and the bar and restaurant are very close at hand ! It was quiet and there was no fighting over sun loungers.We also found that at the other pools the bagging a sunbed mentality was in full force but this wasn't the case at the Casino pool.To enlighten those who don't know the bag a bed mentality : A European trait is to get up at the crack of dawn and lay their towels on the sun beds, and then disappear off for several hours safe in the knowledge that they have 'bagged' the best sunbeds. We saw that by 9AM all the sunbeds at the Beach and Caribbe Hotels had been 'bagged' even though the head count at the pool was virtually non existant !!!As for the service : hey you are in the Caribbean. If you want American type service you ain't gonna get it here ! You will get served when they are good and ready to serve you. End of story !The food was surprisingly tasty and there is plenty of it. The fresh fruit is delicious and definately eat at the Mexican restaurant : you won't be disappointed.My husband and I are runners and there is a fabulous run behind the Casino Hotel that follows the golf course for about 2 miles and ends up at a small beach. The fitness center in the hotel is dreadful so my advice would be not to bother with it.All in all we enjoyed our stay.If we had been there longer we would have rented a car and visited Santa Domingo ( a 3 hour drive from the resort ) as we wanted to see the 'real' Dominincan Rebublic. Maybe next time.......  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be carefull at the beach We spent 2 weeks at the Barcelo Beach and all together a very reasonable price - quality. However it is defenitely not a 4 star we are very satisfied with the service.陋 The room is not too special but very clean. Although the cleaning lady did not understand a single word of english she kept on saying  everything ok ... no problem ...  陋 The food at the main restaurant was every day pretty the same. Nevertheless there was a lot of choice. The specialty restaurants, especially the grill, are good. 陋 The service in the different restaurants is ok, though they do not speak nor understand english. 陋 The pool is clean and close to the beach. Be aware; no matter which drink you ask, they all taste the same陋 The beach is breathtaking: snowwhite sand, deepblue water ... a dream came true陋There are 2 discos: one for the guests and one for the staff and guests. The animation is all right. The shows at the theatre are prettty professional. 陋 Be carefull; at the left from the beach there is a local market where you have to bargain up to 85%. They just try you out. Next to the market we bought 2 excursions from Cesar and got ripped off twice. At the quad safari the brakes did not work and some of the 4 wheels did not have enough gasoline so we got stuck on the road for more than one hour, while the others continued.... As a compensation he gave us a reduction on the safari which was totally worthless and just a waste of money. He may offer you the best price as he calls it but please, be carefull...After all we had a wonderfull stay, apart from the excursions we bought at the beach. Next time we won麓t get trapped by talkative salesmen at the beach.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>natedawg3338
<Content>All in all it's pretty good for the Dinero I finally decided to write my review for our anniversary trip to the Barcelo Beach last February. I am currently researching our next trip so I thought I'd help some folks out.Don't go to this resort thinking that it is 5 star. It is safe to think that you will be visiting a 3.5 to 4 star place. I'm going to give you some positives and some negatives that we found then you can either read somebody elses review or I'll tell a little about a couple of the excursions and give some tips.Positives1. The staff is as hard working and as nice as I've seen. Most are amazing knowing 7 and 8 languages. It's gotta be tough to have to try and make people happy in so many different languages. 2. The grounds is Beautiful. The guys that work the golf course, the garden, and pretty much everywhere like next to the parking lot do a fabulous job. 3. The beach is beautiful! Soft white sands and warm water. The snorkeling next to the beach is not very good. But the snorkeling excursions are pretty good. I did the one that you swim with the sharks, but I wish I'd swam with the Dolphins. 4. The food is good. The food is not 5 star restaurant, but most of the restaurants have something for everybody. The steak house is the best, I thought. 5. The presidente beer is good. It's like a poor man's Heineken. Negatives1. All the booze that they serve with the AI for free tastes the same. It's like it is all Rum. The Vodka, Gin, everything. If you are picky with your spirits, you need to find a place that serves spirits you will recognize. You can order them, but you have to pay. 2. No swim up bar. Enough said.3. Rooms are ok. If you are a person that needs a super nice room, not at this place. Personally, I didn't care. I only sleep and change my clothes in there anyway. 4. The disco is fun, but one night we went there it was pretty much filled with kids. Highschool age I mean....not 20 somethings. But, if you find it like that, there is another disco for salsa music in the shopping square. It is fun!Summation -- For the price, I believe it was totally worth it. Really the only thing that really stuck in my craw was the booze all tasting sweet. Everything else was not a problem at all; I just thought I could help somebody by mentioning them. Remember, don't sweat the small stuff.The excursions I did were the swim with the sharks snorkeling tour and the monster truck excursion. The swim with the sharks was good, but the sharks are afraid of you and they swim away pretty much, but it was cool. If I had to do it again, I'd done the swim with the dolphins instead. The Monster truck excursion was great! It was an easy and safe way to see how the real DR is. Believe me you don't want to drive down there. Forget about renting a car. They take you to people's houses and schools. The schools are literally a 2 room shack filled with broken desks. Remember, bring trinkets for the kids. I bought some digital watches at the dollar store. The kids literally screamed with delight!!!! It was quite touching. Bring pens, pencils, books and the like. That is the best gift for the school kids. Seeing the second national sport of cock fighting was cool, too. I got to blow the rum on the cock. Pretty fun. It isn't a real fight, for the cocks are wearing boxing gloves. Here are a few tips if you go on the monster truck excursion. Be sure to bring the following.1. Hand Sanitizer!!!!! I can't express how important this was for the ladies. Remember you are out in the middle of nowhere!!! We brought a bunch and the people around us were very thrilled that we shared. The school has a bathroom, but it is literally a hole in the ground. A couple of the other stops do have port-o potties that are pretty good. 2. change of shirtYou will get dusty and sweaty. hint....sit in the front of the truck. It is less dusty!!!3. trinkets for the kids. It is worth it. Please don't give out money, it won't help them. Hope this helps. I'm off to the Mayan Riviera this year. Cheers!!!If you have specific questions, you can email me.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value for the $$$ First visit to DR for our daughter, my wife and me...I found this vacation to be above average for the money...plenty of choices for dining, large comfortable rooms, many pools to choose from for fresh water swimming, variety of shows, lots of conveniently situated bars and miles of awesome beach...language was not really an issue, tipping didn't improve the already good friendly service...grounds are easily walkable, but a tram is available to get from hotel to hotel...diesel fumes from buses and other vehicles can be stifling on breezeless nights...  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Pajillo
<Content>Not what I expected Definitely Barcelo Bavaro Beach resort is a great place to go. Beautiful beaches, Good Food and nice place to relax. This is the second time I come to this place ande my expectancies were very high because of the good experience I had at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe hotel last year. There was a problem with the amount of waitress working at the buffets and some of the restaurants. It was very difficult to even get a fork to eat your meal. It is true that the amount of people staying at the Barcelo Complex was huge, but if there are a lot of people, then, there should be a lot of waitress to satisfy the needs of the public. I always read reviews stating the importance of the language in this hotel. My first language is spanish, and the waitress happilly ignored me the majority of the time I talk to them to ask for a simple soda. there were places were service and food was excellent, for example, the mexican and the steakhouse. The Italian and the Grill La Uva at the Golf had nice food but the service wasn't as good as it should be. Also the poolbar at the Golf had a very friendly staff always trying to please as much as they could. Few advises. Apparently MK Tours is running the great majority of the excurssions to this place. The service of this travel agency is the WORST!!! Before going with MK tours, better go to another hotel. Combined I had about 8 hours of delay in our flights, and there was nobody to tell us what was happening. But enough with MK tours. 2nd advice, if you have the money go to the Palace, the service there is remarkably better. Also try to be friendly with the employees, some of them don't have the right attitude toward guest but you will find few among the few employees working at the resort that will help you remember this as an average vacation.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome               More photos  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lacy44
<Content>loved the golf Just returned from a one week stay at the Golf.We were very happy with our room,2 full baths,2 balconeys,3 bed rooms.air cond. worked great, our fridge stocked with beer,water and pop daily.We tipped the delivery man 5.00 us. on day one and had great service.If we wanted more water or anything no problem to get it at the pool bar. Very good maid service although some days she would not get to our room till afternoon.We left her little gifts and 1.00u.s. daily, we learned she had 3 children,we gave her childrens gifts from the dollarama and a baseball glove and ball she was very pleased. We had a few little insects in our room,only seen 2 mosquitoes during our stay.I chose to take malaria pills my partner did not.Everything has been said about the beach here it was everything I possibly could have imagined!! amazing!! we were on the beach around 7:30 most days, to feel the rays that earley in the day......wow!!! And yes there were plenty of topless woman there,not my thing but I was expecting it.We only took one trip off the resort,we went to Higuay.We wanted to see the real Dominican and do a bit of shopping as the flea market on the beach was horrendous!! our taxi cost 55.00 u.s. we were gone about 3 .5 hours. The town was very busy one thing I learned about their driving is there are no rules, no traffic lights,stop signs,directions,no nothing!! they basicly drive with one hand on the horn they seem to have an understanding.Our driver took us to a roadside store on the way back it had everything we wanted...and no pressure!! they gave us expresso, then kept filling our glasses with somthing stronger.We did all our souviner shopping here.Found everyplace else very expensive.I would highly recommend getting off the resort at least once,then you will realize when you find an insect in your room you really don't have anything to complain about, as there is a lot of poverty out there and garbage lines the road ways.The grounds were immaculate we tipped the gardeners some too as they work hard all day.I would also give them a bottle of water in passing to show my appreciation for their hard work.The food was very good could always find somthing we liked but unfortunatly we both had stomach pains and diarrhea for 1-2 days.Don't leave home without your immodium and pepto!!!With all that said we loved the Dominican and we loved the golf as it is away from the noise of the bigger resorts,when we wanted that party athmosphere we went there, when we wanted quiet we went to our own pool.We plan to return to this resort next year.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Life changing! Me and my friend stayed at the caribe hotel in the barcelo beach resort.He had already been here twice before, but for me it was a first, it will most definately not be a last! I had the most amazing experience of my life, the people were nice, the food was great, the atmosphere was amazing...it was trually a fantasstic holiday. We've already booked to go here again next year!A life changing experience!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>barcelo bararo beach resort THE BEST my wife and I just returned on march 25th having stayed at the beach resort at the barcelo resorts. we have traveled to the dominican for the past four years and stayed at 5 star resorts. they were great. this year we took a chance and stayed at the barcelo beach as it was a bit less exspensive than where we had stayed in the past. 4 star. we were a little concerned. let me tell you are concerns were of no concern when we were greeted at the beautifu lobby with a cold presidente beer and smiling faces all around. we were then taken to our room ( remember this is our first time here) we were taken to room 4102 upstairs with an ocean front view of the beach. fantastic. our housekeeper ( elana) came right up to us in her best english and us in our best spanish and became friends right away. she was great. needless to say our stay for the week was to short. make sure if you go to this resort you try all the resturants, mexican,italian,steakhouse, try all the buffets they are different each night. and best of all the grill on the beach for lunch down by the golf resort. great. lordes and marcia in the bar are the best and please don't forget a doller here and there doesn't hurt. any questions please feel free to email me. we will be coming back. ps we meet some great people from all over.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort -MK Tours I returned from Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic on Saturday, February 26. The tour was organized by MK Tours, Coral Gables, FL. On our departure from JFK, New York City, we were delayed 3h. When we arrived at hotel, at 4pm local time, rooms were not ready and lunch was over and dinner was starting at 6:30 pm. On our return, we were taken to the airport at 10:30 am then returned to the hotel because our 1pm flight was canceled. We finally boarded the plane at 6:15 pm, but then for 1h and 45 min we were kept on the ground in the plain because the pilot didn鈥檛 know what to do. We were told that the plain is overloaded and that our luggage had to stay in Punta Cana. Also, we didn鈥檛 know whether we are going to Orlando or to JFK. Around 8pm finally we took of and arrived around 10:30pm at JFK without our luggage. There were more than 40 people left without luggage. I received my luggage on Thursday night, March 10th, 12 days after!!! The luggage was simply left outside on the deck.I was not impressed by Barcel贸 Bavaro Beach Resort at all. It is too big for my taste and without personal touch. Sometimes, I waited for 15min for my morning coffee or glass of water. Our room was flooded because toilet leaked, our TV broke and they replace it with the other one but without remote control. In many closed and public areas people smoked. I walked out during the show because of smoking. Ashtrays everywhere and hostesses didn鈥檛 speak English to tell you where were non-smoking areas. There were long lines in front of many restaurants, so I took only buffet lunch and dinners. The beach was nice, but without any sea life, i.e., without any corals or tropical fishes. All in all, the worst vacation I ever have had.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Golf @ the Barcelo Barvaro in Punta Cana This was my 4th visit to the Resort. It was our Best visit yet - The people are just outstanding. The Food Wonderful. This was our 1st stay at the Golf - the others were at the Beach. We can not say enough Good things about this Resort-!!!!! We are planning on our next trip with our 6 sons  there families  my Mom , My brother  his family all together. This is an all inclusive resort that we go to  it is Wonderful - the beds are the most comfortable  make my back feel great - The massages on the Beach you cna not beat for a $ 20. We stayed 2 weeks this time  We can't wait to go the next time. Do look into  follow all Health precautions before you go. Great Place to vacation. all Fun  relaxation  wonderful weather  church. Joan  Norm Jalbert - Nashua, NH USA  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Phenomenal People and ok accomodations Just returned from my first trip to the Dominican Rep. and stayed at the Bavaro Beach Golf Resort. Travel to and from the airport was fine half hour delays at both ends no big deal. The accomodations were really my only area of dissatisfaction. The rooms are large and dark, the beds not that comfortable. But the biggest problem with the Golf is if you stay at the end near the Buffet/Dominican Market place the noise is very loud at night as it converts to a Disco from 12 MN to 3 am!!!! You literally feel like you are trying to sleep in the middle of the dance floor! I enjoy Latin music but not while I am trying to sleep. Access to the beach was 5 mins walk not 15 as someone suggested unless they walk very slow. You can eat at many different placees within the resort and go to the different beaches. the food is better at the Casino, the Beach and the Caribe restaurants than the Golf but you can get great fresh fruits and vegetables at any of them. The Mexican place is great! No one goes hungry that is for sure. As for the staff I disagree VERY strongly with the person who suggested they were crabby! I had to change my room because it was indeed very musty smelling. No one lies and says it is a 5 star hotel! It is a great deal for the price and you really are only in the room to sleep and shower. These people from the Lobby personnel to the cleaning person were amazing! We were greeted with OLA and a smile by virtually everyone. It didn't matter if you gave them a tip they were still pleasant . (which is a lot more than I can say for many of the people visiting the entire resort. And it must be a hard thing to do when you work 11 days on 3 days off and 12 hour days and am only getting paid 100 USD to 200 USD per MONTH! And you have to deal with very drunk obnoxious foreigners who have a whole lot more than you do!  Oseas Joel and Jorge and the others were great and I look forward to returning.  Unfortunately with an all inclusive people think they need to drink their way into rehab !  I love the people..........I took an amazing side trip called Jurassic Safari which went into the mountains and showed you how the people outside the resort live. Let me tell you.........they have nothing yet they were happy!  So much for living in US and having everything yet complaining all the time. Ignorance is truly bliss. I will say I was proud to be an American as I felt we were truly some of the only polite and friendly visitors (Canadians and Italian people were also very nice) Many of the others would just as soon knock you off the sidewalk than allow you room! Everyone should visit the island and meet the people off the resort.  As for Bavaro Golf I would give it a 3. As for the people I would give it a 5!   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent for Money My husband and I just returned from a week vacation. For reference, we have been to Antlantis, Bahamas, Bonaire, Belize, etc. and we thought Punta Cana was excellent. We went with some old college friends. It was fantastic. We stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Golf and Casino Hotel (least expensive) but were able to use all of the facilities at all of the other Barcelo Bavaro Resorts, except the Palace which we knew ahead of time). There is a little train to take you anywhere, if you did not feel like walking (but really everything seems very close). There was much to do, much to drink and much to eat. The food at the Casino Buffet is great for breakfast and the Mexican Restaurant at the Barcelo Beach is very good (the waiters are nice). Our friends preferred the Italian Restaurant and the Steakhouse. All of them are unique and tasty. They do NOT water down their drinks and you can have as many as you wish and you can try as many different drinks as you wish. The staff and bartenders are extremely friendly and are a lot of fun. Our hotel room was cool. We had a two story room with two bathrooms and it could have slept eight. We did not request this suite and it was no extra charge and it was really neat. The room might have been a little out of date, but still very comfortable and for the most part clean. It could use a little more sound barrier, but that would be my only complaint. IT was a fantastic trip. There is windsurfing that we got a big kick out of and made the trip fun. I will definitly only travel to All Inclusives from here on out.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nan1
<Content>Barcelo Bavaro Golf  We returned on a late pm flight on Christmas night. I've been meaning to write a review, but haven't taken the time. I just wanted to comment on a few things we ran into. We were w/Apple vacations...good, in general, but our flight to PC was delayed 3 hrs. b/c they had to replace a part on the plane (not a great way to start!), but otherwise, it was fine. The DR is beautiful! The PC airport was a bit crazy w/having to get your tourist card, go to the tour desk to find your rep  bus to the hotel, but it's fine. We were assigned to the Golf resort initially, but our vouchers listed that or the Casino. We later switched to the Casino after pestering our tour rep for a couple of days...he was willing to help us, it's just that he kept being told that the Casino had no rooms (I checked the first day  they did, so I kept asking him to pursue it). The Golf wasn't that bad (huge 2 BR room w/loft), but there were ants in the bathroom  it was a very dreary decor. The place was very dead...small pool  the reception desk folks were not that helpful. Also, while you were in line waiting your turn, other guests would rudely step in front of you...this happened several times  the staff ignored it...we didn't speak Spanish, so it was a bit harder to communicate. Anyway, we were switched to the Casino on day #3, which had nicer rooms that were standard, but we had a balcony overlooking the lake  golf course, which was pretty). Unfortunately, we had a lot of trouble w/the food. It was good, but DR cooking uses a lot of oils which wreaked havoc on our systems. We tried to be careful...only bottled water  stayed away from salads, but everything seemed to be in a sauce, or oil, so it was difficult. We never really knew whether it was the food, alcohol (which we really did not over-do), or the anti-malarial meds.On the med. issue: I wouldn't want to affect anyone's decision to take, or not take the meds...I believe in preventive care..this is just what we encountered...Three of us took Malarone (once/day), but two of us took Chloroquine. One on Chlor. had a queasy feeling most of the week  occ. diarrhea. Those of us on Malarone had to run to the bathroom almost every time we ate  more than once! After a while, we just came to expect it, b/c we never found anything that didn't affect us that way. Our tour rep told us that they did a study  that you can't take the meds  be in the sun...who knows for sure...maybe it was just a combination of everything. Two of us stopped taking the meds while there  I stopped after being home for a couple of days b/c I still had diarrhea, although not as frequently We are now fine at home  back to our normal eating patterns. We did get a couple of mosquito bites (I think they were mos.)  I did see a couple of them, but we sprayed ourselves if out at night. Hopefully, we will be OK since we stopped taking the meds...you just get tired of feeling lousy on your vacation. Entertainment/ nightlife: I would definately learn some Spanish b/f going again. Almost all of the entertainment was in Spanish  the music got to us after a while w/the constant drum beat.....they'd occ. put an English song into the mix, but it wasn't often. It was hard to be there at Xmas b/c although they did a great job of decorating  even had a Santa come on Xmas Eve, we discovered it was hard for my family to be away at that time of year, (that's just us). Other than the Casino Tropicalissmo, which was a Vegas-style song/dance show w/scantily-clad women  men singing in Spanish (occ. Eng.)...we didn't find much else. That kind of entertainment just isn't my cup of tea  even the Xmas eve show at the Caribe was just more of the same....kind of hokey  it seemed like we were back in the 80's disco era. We left before both shows were over b/c we couldn't take the music. Resort/Beach: It was nice being at a resort in which you could go to the other 4  eat in all but the Palace. They are very nice resorts. The beach was beautiful...white sand  clear water most of the time. It had a yellow tinge to it at times, I guess b/c of tides, etc.  seemed bluer earlier in the week. It was odd to see topless women, but my husband seemed to enjoy it! In general, it seemed to be a family oriented resort...children were there  it wasn't full of drunk people. The other tourists weren't super friendly...only the Canadians were, but I would make sure to start a conversation if I heard someone near me speak English. I tried to speak to others, but it's hard if you don't speak their language...there were a lot of Germans  French. We didn't meet any Americans (those on our plane went to other resorts), but the Canadians were very nice  it's just nice to be able to converse w/some in your own language on occ. You could always find someone who speaks it among the staff, but it just makes life easier if you know some Spanish. Tours: We only took the Marinarium tour...we arranged it last minute at the hotel  that presented a problem for them b/c they only got a verbal verif. from their agent...my daughter waited w/her group  they conveniently forgot about her even though we had paid for her to swim w/the dolphins. I had to get their manager  insist that she be included as she should have been ..they said they had no paperwork on her, but one guy was walking around w/it  hadn't given it to the proper people! Again, a communication problem, but it was worked out  she enjoyed it. One warning...the place is small  if you don't want to stay to see all the shows (we didn't), you need to check the bus departure board...they leave at different times. We ended up taking a taxi ($10) b/c we didn't want to sit there for 3 hrs. Departure was the worst....since we had switched hotels, I made it a point to be sure that we would be picked up for the airport. I had checked the book  board at the Beach  Caribe (no info at the Casino)  I had been reassured by our Apple rep we'd be picked up. We sat in the lobby for a few hrs. b/f the bus was to come  were the only ones leaving there. Our Apple rep had not been in the day before  didn't come in until 6:00 that night, but he reassured me they'd come for us. I got worried when the time came  went  had the rec. desk rep call to find out where the bus was, but others at the Palace were still waiting, so they said they'd come after that...they didn't  I had to have them call us a taxi. That was a riot...they send a Hundyai sedan for 5 people w/luggage! We had to squeeze in w/luggage on top of us  barely got to the airport w/in our hour time, plus had to fork out $$ for the trip. I told the Apple rep when we got to the airport  wrote Apple a letter so that they'd reimburse us  am waiting to hear back.  Lastly, the Dominican people work very hard...they are pleasant, friendly  try their best. We tipped regularly..each meal  for drinks, housekeeping. We noticed that many did not...don't know whether we got better service, but I felt better about it. They make very little $...if you saw the area outside of the resorts, you'd be appalled at the poverty, so spending $50 or so in tips was not a big deal for us. I'd go back again after learning some Spanish  as long as there are no further malaria issues.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed the resort   showReview(2876793, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>staceymck
<Content>DO NOT go to the Golf Resort   showReview(2864561, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place -- Bad people   showReview(2852769, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a fabulous time!   showReview(2184683, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could have been better.   showReview(2174496, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved to golf course!   showReview(1871270, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>most beautiful beach   showReview(1807362, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zm10mg
<Content>Barcelo Bavaro Resort - A great time!   showReview(1137072, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The hottest party vacation e ver   showReview(923804, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A huge mix-up   showReview(852428, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thomaslille
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(22138930, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mehr f眉rs Geld geht nicht!   showReview(22948000, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cuencanita
<Content>Excelentes Vacaciones       la uva  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>giugi03
<Content>merita veramente   showReview(18383860, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>karinefranckie
<Content>Magnifique voyage   showReview(17377485, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>linch_luis
<Content>Excelente atenci贸n   showReview(16793489, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>pappydb
<Content>rentabilit茅 avant tout   showReview(14761116, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maigamax
<Content>oking pratiqu茅 dans l'hotel Bavaro Golf hotel 脿 Punta Cana et TO Marsan   showReview(14657636, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ano022
<Content>tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(14501097, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>anaxis
<Content>scandale du surbooking   showReview(14163034, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	3	4	5	4	2	5	2	

<Author>travelfamily78
<Content>Bien   showReview(14139246, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jeama
<Content>Deception de voyage   showReview(14118041, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KATE06110
<Content>sejour agr茅able mais avis mitig茅   showReview(12417460, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nanivelle
<Content>Tr猫s belle prestation   showReview(12387590, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DICKS76
<Content>Grand hotel   showReview(12383458, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	1	1	2	1	2	4	

<Author>max664
<Content>bellissimo resort   showReview(12254977, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super f眉r alle G盲ste die riesige Anlagen m枚gen   showReview(13200180, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sambadoria
<Content>Paradiso x tutti       doppia con letti a 1 piazza e 1/2  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>corrado75
<Content>i caribi santo domingo....bellissimi posti       spiaggia punta cana  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caraibi
<Content>posto magnifico       spiaggia del barcelo  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VoyageurBrossard
<Content>Extraordinaire!   showReview(7395629, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>louise33
<Content>tres sympa   showReview(7190117, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Des vacances inoubliables !   showReview(4368936, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

