<Author>holdthis
<Content>Negatives outweigh the positives I stayed at the Executive Vintage Court while in San Francisco for a scientific meeting. The price and the location, not to mention the description and photos on the website, are what swayed me.The hotel is located in the 600 block of Bush Street, within walking distance of Union Square, Chinatown, and downtown shopping. The Moscone Convention Center is a 7-9 block walk, easy in San Fran's temperature. The Powell-Mason Cable Car is also quite close (across the street and up to the corner of Powell and Bush), which means easy access to Fisherman's Wharf.that the lobby was small and a little dark, but the front desk staff were helpful and friendly, and check-in went very smoothly.The hotel is described as a boutique hotel. This description did not prepare me for the state of my room at all. It was hot and smelled of mildew and there was a strange looking green pyriamidal pillow in the center of the bed. The room itself was quite small, and I was glad I would be spending most of my time outside the hotel as it wouldn't be comfortable to stay in the room and work. The bathtub and shower seemed clean when I checked in, although the luxurious bath amenities noted on the website consisted of a bottle of shampoo and a bottle of lotion. One of my colleagues had two bottles of lotion (no shampoo) and another had a bottle of lotion and a bottle of conditioner (again, no shampoo). The minibar was stocked with water, sodas, juice, and beer, but the first soda I opened tasted off, and so I didn't open any others. I went downstairs for the complimentary happy hour which consisted of a choice of cheap chardonnay or cheap merlot (at least it was free).Despite the firm (hard?) mattress, I did manage to fall asleep quickly. However, at around 2AM on the first night, the radiator in the room (yes, radiator) started knocking and then hissing loud enough to wake me up. The only way to cool the room was to open a window or to plug in the air conditioner sitting in the window (yes, it was a window unit). This first night was followed by four others of increasing discomfort. The alarm clock did not work despite the volume being turned all the way up, and wake-up calls that were requested never came. Mildew started to grow in the shower (lack of appropriate cleaning?), and the carpet continued to grow lint, hair, and bits of tissue. I called housekeeping twice, but nothing improved. Only when I finally called the front desk to complain and told them I didn't want to speak to housekeeping again was someone sent back up to my room to clean it again. Whoever cleaned missed the mildew, but at least the carpet was vacuumed. While the location was good and the price was cheap, during my entire stay I wished I'd stayed at a more expensive, more comfortable hotel. The entire experience reminded me of a stay in a youth hostel and I would not recommend it to business travelers, families, or anyone looking for a positive hotel experience.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	2	2	

<Author>traveler82Boston_Ma
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again My fiance and I stayed here for one night in December 2008. As soon as I arrived, I had to wait at least 20 minutes to check in. When I finally got my room, the elevator wouldn't work. Then I realized they gave me a room directly across from the elevator (I'm talking a couple feet across).I went back downstairs and asked for a different room (after waiting another 10 minutes to speak with someone). They switched me to another room they said would be the same quality as the first. When I went back upstairs, the room keys didn't work.Once again I went back to the desk and they said, Oh yeah, you're the third person who said that tonight. I was thinking, Gee, why didn't you mention that? Or fix the problem? When I got the correct keys and went back to the room, I saw it was much smaller and less nice than the first room. This room didn't have a bathtub, and the sink was in a closet instead of in the bathroom. At that point I was tired of complaining, so I just kept the room. The service was horrible--the front desk staff were impolite. I would never choose to stay here again.In addition, both rooms smelled like mildew and old smoke, though the staff assured me that all the rooms in the hotel were nonsmoking.The room was very noisy w/street traffic, and the heat couldn't be controlled easily.My recommendation--if you want to stay in a boutique hotel near Union Square, try Hotel Beresford instead. It was MILES above this in service and quality of rooms.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>stevenr35
<Content>Average hotel Stayed here for business for 4 nights. Was initially surprised by the hotel as it was a bit grubbier/old than I had expected. Lobby doesn't look too clean and is quite dark.Very smooth check-in and the staff are very helpful and warm. Room was quite small but totally acceptable. View to the side of the building is not good. As other reviewers have said, very strange smell pervaded the room but may have something to do with the very noisy radiator for the heating. I found the hotel pretty cold a lot of the time but the heating comes on only in the morning and evening. The steam valve on the radiator in my room was so noisy (emitting the smelly steam) so it was impossible to leave the radiator on whilst in the room.Bathroom small and pretty dated. Needs an overhaul. Having the washbasin in the room (concealed behind some doors) is okay but again it all needed a bit of updating. Could never quite get the shower warm enough. Towels poor quality as were the toiletries. One reason I chose the hotel was because they had a gym or fitness room. However, the gym (fitness room) is poor. It's a converted guest room with one bike, treadmilll and cross trainer. Pretty soul-destroying. Not properly looked after as no towels left and ran out of paper cups (which weren't replaced during my visit). I would rather they fix you up with something else local.Never took breakfast as it looked very anemic! Pale looking small muffins and pastries with coffee. It's free but I didn't think it was worth eating. Hotel is totally average but is in a good location. As previously mentioned, it is off Powel which is pretty steep but hey, it's San Francisco! Overall I felt that the hotel was setting itself up as something a little more up-market than it could actually manage. I paid just under $200 per night so I had expected something a little more for that price in San Francisco where there's a lot of competition. It's old, needs a bit of updating and redecoration and that weird smell is a bit off-putting. But the location is great and the staff were helpful and polite.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	-1	2	

<Author>Nick&Dara
<Content>Quirky but fun I stayed here on business for a week. It has a great location a couple of blocks uphill from Union Square and very close to Chinatown. The room was clean and individual - the a/c was rather archaic and the lack of double-glazing was noticed at 4:30am every morning when the world's noisest garbage collectors turned up. Breakfast wasn't great - just juice, pastries and coffee. However staff were very friendly, efficient and helpful and the lack of a restaurant (other than the formal Masa's) was easily overcome due to the location (Roxanne's Cafe just across the road does some good food). In the evenings, there was usually a wine tasting which was rather charming with local winemakers bringing in a few bottles.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>ziavika
<Content>Nice Little Place Good location near chinatown. About 45 min brisk walk to fishermans wharf, we didn't use any public transport but I heard from others it's very efficient. We spent 3 nights in Vintage court and it was very clean and comfortable. Rooms on the the small side but it is a town hotel with a lot of character. Beds very comfy with lovely pillows, free in room safe gives peace of mind. Ask for a quiet room, our first night was a room near the road and with the sidewalk outside the window it was quite noisy. The hotel staff were great though and gave us a quiet room the next day. Breakfast is basically coffee, juice and a cake not a true 'continental' breakfast but it's not a complaint. Great place to stay and not too expensive. Definitely recommend  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>margolee
<Content>Great Place Got room via Travelocity. Read reviews and heart sank ! Was very scared of what experience would be ... Very pleasantly surprised. Nice room. No smell. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Social hour a very nice plus. Nice to connect with other visitors and compare notes.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Austin_TexasNMgirl
<Content>Really enjoyed this hotel My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Executive Vintage Court. It is a quaint, lovely hotel with a thoughtful and helpful staff. The rooms are small but well equipped and clean. The bed was very comfortable. The location was great for shopping and sightseeing in the city. I would recommend this hotel and would stay again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>andmarnclt
<Content>Excellent, Excellent, Excellent!!!! We stayed at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court for 4 nights, Aug 14-17 and absolutely loved every one. Our room was ready when we arrived, although we were only a few hours early. Check in was simple and quick and the front desk staff was friendly. We needed extra towels on two occasions and they were delivered minutes after we called the front desk. There was plenty of room for our clothing between the closet, the nightstand drawers and the dresser. We also took advantage of the in room safe located in the dresser. The bed was firm, which I like, so I was rested every morning. Our room was situated on the side of the hotel, tucked in between two other wings so we hardly ever heard any street noise. The shower had nice water pressure and the temperature was always constant. We requested a cab to the airport the night before and the staff had it waiting for us at 5:00 AM. Several times we crossed paths with the cleaning staff and the front desk staff and all were friendly and quick to say hello. I can't say enough about the small details.This hotel was really one of the highlitghts of our trip.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tungtungtung
<Content>Okay, but not 3-star as priceline rated We stayed at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court for two nights at early August. It's 6 blocks from BART Powell Station (Union Square).The overall experience was OK, the bathroom is small, the noise from cable car and local traffic can be disturbing if your room faces street side. One complaint is the unpleasant odor filled the entire room, the smell seems to come from the carpet and old furniture. If you are very sensitive to this, then go to other hotel, or bring a candle with you.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Love2runSeattle
<Content>Good/Solid We needed a one night stay. I looked diligently for a good solid hotel, that I would not be afraid of the ambiance or the room. This is a nice solid hotel. Low key, not a lot of frills, nice wine reception, friendly staff. Small rooms, but again, how much time do you spend in the room? Room was nicely decorated.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Wanderlust1283
<Content>Pefect location for a short stay in Sanf Francisco We just returned from a 10-day excursion to California, having spent 5 days/4 nights in San Francisco at the Vintage Court. We booked the hotel on Orbitz and got an amazing deal of $100 per night, thanks to a special Orbitz sale. We actually booked a queen room but were pleasantly surprised on arrival to be given a king. The room was on the small side, but it was very clean and simply decorated. The continental breakfast left a little to be desired - danish and muffins won't really prepare you for a day of trekking around the city - but it's a nice touch. Ultimately, we really enjoyed our stay at the Vintage Court and would absolutely stay there again. The staff were very friendly and the hotel is in a perfect location - only a few blocks from Union Square and about a block from the Chinatown gate and the Powell Street Cable Car line. Although it's a nice area, be alert at night. There seem to be some interesting types who come out in SF when the sun goes down. Just a neighborhood recommendation: The Grand Hyatt, only a few blocks away, has a great lounge on the 36th floor where you can have a drink or dessert (or dinner if you're willing to spend a little more). On Saturdays they even have live music. It's a nice place to unwind after a day of sight-seeing.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>travellersxtwo
<Content>Location, Location, Location. It's all about location and how you are treated. The location of this hotel is great, only 2 blocks from Union Square but far enough away to be quiet, it's within 2 blocks from the Powell or California cable cars and 2 blocks from Chinatown. The staff here are very helpful and wll answer all your questions about atractions and how to get there.The hotel is older and the rooms are not new but you are not spending a lot of time in the room, are you. Yes the pillows could be better and the bathrobes could be larger but the sleeping accomodations are great. Rooms come with an air conditioner and windows that do open,an LCD TV, radio,a safe, and they provide an iron. If you need something then all you have to do is ask. Free newspapers in the lobby too. The hotel provides Danish, muffins, coffee and fresh sqeezed orange juice every morning. The best part is that they keep it topped up until 9am, so you don't have to be the first one down to get a selection. The seating is only in the hotel lobby, which is like a big living room with a fireplace and sofas. It's a great place to mingle and talk to other travelers and compare travel notes. Between 5 - 6pm every day, wine is provided in the lobby - free. Again it's a great way of talking to other travellers and sharing knowledge about the best sights to see and good restaurants. We met a lot of nice people there and returning guests of this hotel. If you want a hotel with ambience and helpful staff this is the place to go. If you want some new shinny hotel where the staff hardly talk to you, then go somewhere else. I'll definately go back again.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>bagatelleboston
<Content>Nice room, perfect location, no breakfast We stayed in a deluxe king room for 3 nights. The room was big enough, nicely decorated, comfortable and clean. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful (they brought a coffee maker in the room upon my request). The lobby is a nice area with a fire wood. This hotel is perfectly located near Union Square, Chinatown, Nob Hill and the Powell cable car line. The biggest disappointment was the breakfast (which I would not call a breakfast). it is served from 7 to 9am only and they stop it promptly at 9am even if you are still serving yourself. There is no sit-down area to eat breakfast in the lobby, so you have to bring it up to your room (but there is no tray to do so!). They only provide small muffins and one kind of pastry. I would recommend staying at this hotel for the location and the good value (the self-parking is cheaper here than at other hotels) but to go elsewhere to eat a good breakfast.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>vornado
<Content>Much better than I expected! The hotel turned out to be better than I expected considering the online reviews I read once I found out the name of the hotel. This is definitely NOT a boutique hotel and the rooms that are provided for Priceline guests are the smallest and least desirable. I had to pay quite a bit extra to upgrade to a larger room that would accommodate two adults and one child. For the extra money, I could have stayed at a much more luxurious hotel. Despite somewhat tired furnishings and an old bathroom the room was very adequate, however. I was very disappointed that Priceline called this a boutique. If this had been a 2.5 star property I would have been thrilled (it's all in the perspective!) but I've stayed in boutique hotels before and I was expecting somethng more in line with my past experience. I usually equate a boutique with a 4 star property, just smaller and more quirky. I was adding geographic areas and increasing my bid price so I know that I paid the minimum that Pricelne would accept for this date and property. What makes me angry is that it was available on Expedia for quite a bit less as a retail -not opaque- purchase. Makes me want to think twice about Priceline in the future.Overall, the place wasn't all that bad. It's just not what I was expecting based on the Priceline bid. The staff was very friendly, professional and accommodating. The location is excellent (just 1/2 block from the Powell Street cable car.) I would even stay here again, but I'd buy direct from the hotel's web site or from some other non-opaque booking site.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>miked2u
<Content>Vintage means old My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel, mid-week, after attending a concert in San Francisco. We purchased the room through Priceline ($100), but I feel we overpaid. I've previously booked a 4 star hotel in SF for the same price, so it's more of a complaint about Priceline then the hotel itself. This place is more like a 2.5 to 3 star hotel, so don't be deceived by the boutique label.No complaints about the location. We drove from the Sacramento area (I would recommend BART if you have the time) and there was a parking lot within two blocks of the hotel. Lobby area and front desk staff were great. No problems at check-in, but the room was a bit of a disappointment. The flat screen TV was nice, but was far and away the only thing in the room from the past 20 years. I get the whole vintage thing, but I expected better. It just seemed old and not maintained. Peeling wallpaper, bathroom door wouldn't close, and dirty looking flooring to name a few. The shower head was way too low, but I'm 6'3, so I can deal with that plus there was plenty of hot water so it was a push.Overall we had a good experience, but my expectations were not met based on the ratings/ price from Priceline.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>athensphx
<Content>very pleasant stay We just returned from a 4 night stay at this comfortable, cozy boutique hotel. We experienced NONE of the problems that other guests have posted in their reviews. The hotel decor was not 'tired'--it fit perfectly with the age of the building and the architecture. The staff was very helpful and friendly. One of the hosts at the desk even re-charged my ipod for me, using his own charger! It was easy to upgrade over the phone to a king bed and bigger room than the one we got using hotwire. As is common in older hotels in older cities, the bathrooms can be smaller because the buildings are old--but this is not a problem for us. If one wants a room with modern, generic decor, and a large bath, then by all means, go to a big newer chain hotel with no character.Our room was very clean as was the rest of the hotel.I would, however. suggest that two larger sized bathrobes be provided, The one that was provided was very tiny and thin. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends. We wouldn't hesitate to stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>1Lobo
<Content>Service so bad I cancelled my reservations Booked this hotel as part of a package with Expedia. One week prior to arrival I emailed them requesting a cot for my teenager. Three days later I had not received a response so I called the front desk and made the request. The rude guy who took my call informed me it would $30.00 per night for a cot. When I told him i thought that was pretty steep, he said talk to the manager, that's our policy. Based on their inability to accommodate my request and the complete lack of hospitality, I cancelled my stay and booked another hotel.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>VATraveler2008
<Content>Not worth it. I would consider this a motel Used Priceline to find this hotel. The hotel stay was mostly filled with problems. The elevator kept getting stuck on the 7th floor. Had two key cards and only one would work. Was given new key cards every day. The bed was awful. Would have been better to sleep on the ground. Location is nice, but you have to be physically fit to hike up to this hotel. I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>MathiasStockholm
<Content>Really nice cozy Hotel Me and My Wife stayed at Vintage Court Hotel in June 2000 for 6 nights in a Standard Deluxe room. We did have a very nice time and staff were really nice and funny. Room was nice with a partial view of Bank of America tower. Nice bed and a cozy atmosphere. We also liked the lobby with the nice fireplace.Hotel Vintage Court is located in Nob Hill with short walking distance to Union Square and Chinatown. We really loved this hotel. And we are returning in May this year with 2 friends.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>photo2217
<Content>Run Don't Walk This place was officially the worst place I stayed. In fact, I didn't stay. I had such a nightmare experience wtih the front desk that I got my bags and went to another hotel down the road. My boyfriend was charged a deposit of $250 w/out permission to authorize the charge. He is still waiting for the refund for a place we didn't even stay in.This place was horrific. Don't stay here. It smelled. They were rude. They were careless. They don't have anything to offer. We ended up staying at the Hotel Triton for a bit less of the cost here. Go there. They like people.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Dominique_SF
<Content>Disappointing stay Pricelined a stay at the Vintage Court in December, as a local getaway and a way to jump start my Christmas shopping but was really disappointed with the hotel. I have usually had good luck with Priceline name your own price hotel rooms but this hotel was rated a boutique hotel but I'd say is barely a 2-star.To start with, we received a TINY room...only a double bed, probably about 100-120 sq feet. Furthermore the room was terribly unclean...stains on the linens, peeling wallpaper, a literally threadbare chair. Worst of all they must have been fixing the place because there was a painters bucket in the middle of our room with a light dusting of plaster and grout all over the floor. It was so late (nearly midnight) that we decided not to gripe and just endured.I didn't have the opportunity to try breakfast because it ended at 9am...on a Sunday. On the bright side the hotel is in a safe, central location (near Union Sq, but not the Tenderloin) and the staff were all relatively friendly and pleasant. But to me, still not worth the money.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>HappyTraveller92
<Content>Loved it - a throwback in time My wife and I Hotwired this hotel for a four night stay in San Francisco from the 4th through the 8th based mainly on the neighborhood (Nob Hill) which my wife loves. We actually loved this hotel. Yes, the rooms are tired and the decor is dated, but that is part of the charm. If you have ever travelled through Europe, this hotel offers the same flavor. The old elevator and dated lobby are like a throw back in time, one which you can rarely find these days. While the rooms are dated, they are very clean and comfortable. The staff is very accomodating and attentive and helpful. The neighborhoodis incredible with access to everything. You do have to pay for parking, but I understand that is true in a lot of San Fran hotels. So, no this hotel is not a newly furnished, luxury cookie cutter hotel, but that's why we loved it. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. If you don't need the Ritz, this is a great choice with all of San Fran's many attractions within a hop, skip and a jump.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>fancykat
<Content>Should not be categorized as a boutique hotel My husband and I stayed here for three nights from Oct 31 to Nov 3, 2007. Some other travelers seem to have had nicer rooms, but we reserved the room through Priceline, and apparently received the corresponding Priceline (cheapy) rooms. I asked at check-in if our room had a tub, and the front desk clerk said, I'm not sure, some of our rooms have tubs, some have showers only. Well, what did I expect, I did Priceline the room. So I didn't push. But it did seem odd that the front desk clerk would not know something like that. Our room was tiny, and crammed to the max with a desk and chair, minibar, queen bed, arm chair, dresser with flat-panel TV, and bedside tables, with only enough room to walk carefully around everything. There was also a drafty air conditioner, a closet, a half-bath which held the toilet and shower stall, and a separate sink/vanity area which was in the main room (not a part of the bathroom, which was actually quite unsanitary if you think about it -- having to open the bathroom door again without being able to wash your hands first? Yuck.), and a radiator.The toilet was a bit backed up; you had to stand there and hold down the handle for about 30 seconds to make sure everything went down. Not pleasant.There were no issues with the water temperature in the shower. The water pressure was high enough to hurt, so we kept the showers short. We really wished there was a tub. The radiator turned out to be functional, but the boiler wasn't turned on until we called about it after a cold first night. After they turned on the boiler, the heat worked, but by then the weather had turned warmer and we didn't need it anymore.The bed was a bit on the hard side, but serviceable. At least the pillows and the comforter were nice.Housekeeping did not come by to clean our room after our first night there. My husband had to call them at 2 p.m. on the day after our second night there for them to send someone to clean the room. I did notice that the Do Not Disturb door tag had Please service this room on the other side, but there was no indication anywhere that we had to put out that tag in order to have our room cleaned. Perhaps that was just another boutique quirk -- housekeeping only upon request.Noise level was not too bad, all in all. But we're used to the city's sounds. It was enough for us that we never heard the occupants of the rooms on either side of us, or above or below us.The continental breakfast in the mornings featured dry danishes and muffins. Actual ingestion of the pastries required copious amounts of the the so-so coffee and oj.We went to the complimentary wine tasting one day. It was ok wine, so no complaints there.However, I am still puzzled as to how this hotel qualifies as a boutique hotel at all. In my opinion, serving free wine for an hour each day is not enough justification, nor were any of the other supposed boutique-y things, like having overly polite and solicitous front desk clerks who treated everyone as if they had lots of money (too fake and insincere for me). In the end, it's just a small, dingy, outdated hotel with bad plumbing that boozes you up for an hour a day and whose front desk clerks smile at you and chat you up a lot, hoping it'll all make you forget that it's really just a small, dingy, outdated hotel with bad plumbing.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>RandyandClaire
<Content>Great deal We overnighted in San Francisco on the 27th of September when our favorite hotels were all fully booked. I checked TripAdvisor and read all the reports on the Vintage Court Hotel. I had doubts about staying at this hotel after reading all the reviews but the price was right, great location, it's non-smoking and they have king beds with A/C units.I ended up being impressed with the Vintage Court Hotel. The property was clean, well maintained and as depicted on their website. The location is fabulous, just far enough away from the hustle/bustle of Union Square yet within easy walking distance. The staff was courteous, pleasant and very helpful. We had a king room on the 5th floor on the side of the building away from the main street. We could still hear some traffic noise but not enough to keep us from sleeping. The room was not large but big enough and well furnished. Pleasantly surprised to have a mini-bar and bathrobes. The bed was very comfortable. No musty smell at all in our room or the corridor. As stated in the other reviews, the continental breakfast certainly could be improved but it's a minor factor when you consider the value, the location and the comfort offered by the Vintage Court.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scarybird
<Content>Just OK After booking this hotel we read a number of reports about funny smells etc but we had no experience of this. However there was nothing special about this hotel, rooms were a bit tired, there was only a small shower room which was poor and not up to standard for this class of hotel. In the evening around 5ish, they hold a wine tasting, but we felt it just didn鈥檛 work and was all a bit odd.Location wise it was OK within a very short walk of a tram stop, but at night you felt you had to be wary - not that we had a problem. The hotel offers a discount for breakfast at the diner on the corner and can recommend this.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>SequoiaBlue
<Content>Solid 3.5 star hotel I booked the Executive Hotel Vintage Court because of the location, availability, price and it was a boutique hotel. My room looked exactly liked the photos - spacious, clean  nicely decorated. Thrilled to have a bathrobe and minibar in the room - nice touch. The beds may be too hard for some but not for me.I was ecstatic with the location, a 10 minute walk from the BART station, a half block from the cable cars, and a 5 minute walk (if that) to Chinatown and Union Square. Tip: buy a Muni pass from the Walgreens on Powell, just a block and a half from the hotel.After a long day sightseeing it was pleasant to unwind with complimentary wine in the evening. Yes, I agree with other reviews that the breakfast needs dire improvement. Offering an assortment of fresh fruit, breakfast bars, bagels and yogurt would be more desirable than the tasteless stale muffins and pastries.As for the price, it was a bargain for San Francisco!. I've paid more for a hotel in Butte, Montana for goodness sakes.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>likeitiz
<Content>...noisy,stinky,bad breakfast issue but good location,not worth the price We did find the Hotel in TripAdvisor, and we thought it could be an interesting deal, not exactly a bargain.We did manage to book cheaper through the Hotel website, than any other system, because they are offering special rates for a three day stay.At our arrival the booking was perfect, and we received a higher located room ( 703 ) as we had asked. Personnel was friendly and efficient, nothing to complain about.The room did seem ok for 2 adults and 2 kids in two queen size beds. There was enough space for living, but the bathroom was miserable and old fashion, but acceptably clean.Later we did notice,when entering after our daily trips, that the room, even when the window wasopen all the day( we tried everyting) had a bad smell, like after a rough session in the restrooms. Still the nose gets quickly used to it ( how strange!), and the night starts!!!Don't be surprised to have a short one, because you are in the middle of San Francisco, and the window insulation is miserable...the trash van comes around 5 a.m., and recycling I guess around 6....Police and Emergency have a lot to do between 6 a.m. and 7 a.m.....then comes rush hour....When you get tired of listening to that beautyful noise ( Neil Diamond) you should go to breakfast!!! We agree with a former client ( 2 comments further down the road...) : It is a shame that you only get muffins,kind of juice, lousy croissants, and terrible coffee, which you have to share with other clients, STANDING in the small lobby, where other people check in and out....We agree, there is certainly better for the price, but the Hotel has a very convenient location, car parking is not too far and for a short stay, you MAY accept the inconvenients.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	3	2	

<Author>HawaiiLover
<Content>Like they say...with a grain of salt.       Fireplace in lobby of Executive Vintage Court  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>aleponti
<Content>excellent position but..... We stayed at Vintage Court last summer for 4 nights. We found a special rete on the website so we didn't pay a lot, and that was the only good thing.The location is excellent but I'm afraid this is the only positive thing about this hotel...Staff is unpleasent and unpolite. They don't even say goodbye or goodmorning . They look like they're bored and you are boring them more! Room was little but, most of all, it was very dirty.Bathroom was dirty too.And what about breakfast?.....You pay for a breakfast but it is not!They put some cookies and coffee or tea on a table in the hall (yes, IN THE HALL) and you can't even sit if somebody else is having breakfast in the same moment (there are not many chairs, and there's only one or two sofa....). Anyway, there is a wonderful brasserie along the road.....There is one nice thing: at 5 or 6 o'clock p.m. there is a kind of happy hour in the hall, with wine and cheese for free. But the man who gave us wine didn't even talk, he looked bored too...That's a pity, because the hotel has a fantastic position and little things could do miracles for the Vintage Court ,and it could become a very nice hotel.Finally, you can find something better...  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>Kayleigh990
<Content>Loved the Vintage Court- Great Location! Hi, stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in August 05. We really enjoyed our stay there, our room was spacious and tastefully decorated with a huge comfortable queen size bed and a large television with some good channels and pay per view movies.There was also a mini bar and armchair in the living room and a good sized marble bathroom with bath and free toiletries.The reception area of the hotel is really nice with a lounge area and open fireplace. The hotel staff were really helpful and a pastry breakfast is provided before 9am (i think). The location of the hotel is really covenient, being only a few blocks from Union square and on the same block as China Town. You can catch a tram at the end of the block to Canary Wharf which is good fun- and a bit scary when you are goin up the steep hills haha! Canary Wharf is a lovely place and the Golden Gate Bridge is breath taking! I would reccomend hiring a bike and riding to the bridge as it is not as close as it looks and is great fun riding- it is quite tough at parts (going up hills etc) but when you reach the bridge is totally worth it! Alcatraz is also a must see! It is a bit cold in August on Alcatraz as it is quite windy on the bay so make sure you take a jacket. I Can't wait for my next visit to San Fransisco and I will be staying at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court again!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chiccasub
<Content>Nice Hotel This hotel has a great location, it's central only few blocks from Union Sq. and Market St.It's homely and the staff is very helpfull and kind. I booked a single room with a king bed. The room was very small and sticked very much for all the stay. It was clean.The forniture is nice but maybe too old.There is elevator.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Travelology
<Content>Great location - Nice hotel for the price       The Executive Hotel  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DenverDavid
<Content>Perfectly Acceptable Hotel Due to the negative comments I had read I was more than a little nervous about our stay.This is just an example of why User ratings on Internet sites need to be taken with a grain (or tablespoon) of salt.It is probably more of a 2.5 Star than a 3 Star Hotel but for a price of under $150 for a King in central San Francisco it is hard to beat.As for our overall experience rating I would lean towards giving it a 3.5 dot rating not a 4 dot rating.ROOM:The room we stayed in was probably the largest room we have had in San Francisco. It wasn't huge or anything but probably bigger than our rooms at Harbor Court or the Juliana.Besides this is San Francisco who plans on staying in the room for very long?The room was clean although the wall paper was a little old. The bathroom is a bit small and Spartan but still clean and functional.It is an old building and there is a slight musty smell. It's just old building smell really. Hardly noticed it after awhile.The biggest disappointment was the hot water in the shower in the morning. There wasn't a lot.LOCATION:The location is great. Easy walking distance through Chinatown to Washington Square and Fisherman's Wharf. Short walk to the Powell Street Muni Station just past Union Square.STAFF:The Hotel staff was very friendly and efficient. Extra towels were provided promptly. I must have mentioned, at some point in the booking process, that this was an anniversary trip. When we got to the room there was a complimentary bottle of wine and a card. I am fairly familiar with the city and had ideas on what to see and where to eat. What few city questions I posed to the concierge were answered very informatively.NOISE:Very EARLY on Monday Morning I remembered the garbage collection on Bush Street. It is loud and seems to start VERY early in the morning. You can't blame the hotel for this and I have had the same problem in other nearby hotels.DINING:We didn't eat at Masas but it looks wonderful and also amazingly expensive. EXTRAS:The complimentary newspaper was the Chronicle and not USA Today -- a definite plus. The wine at the tasting was fine and easy to quaff. The breakfast seemed sparse but we were on our way to Mamas on Washington Square anyway.PARKING: San Francisco is such a great town for walking we never get a car. Walking on Lombard in the Marina district, towards the Presidio, we noticed a lot of Motels....WHAT IT IS NOT:If I was in town on business I would probably choose a different Hotel. We were on vacation and didn't bring our laptops so I cannot speak about the wireless connection. It did not have a business center nor an exercise room. The computer in the lobby was 15 cents a minute so it could get costly. It was fine for on-line airline check-in.Also it is not a hotel to plan on spending a lot of time in the room. There is no room service and the desk is small.WHAT IT IS:A perfectly acceptable and affordable hotel for a nice weekend vacation in San Francisco.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DocJeff
<Content>Quaint, nice experience. My wife  I stayed in this glorious city a while back. SF is expensive, but we found this little hotel in a super location for a very reasonable price. By no means is it a 5-star hotel, but the room was clean, nice  well-appointed with quaint charm, despite being a bit small. Regardless of that, the staff was very helpful. I particularly enjoyed the wine-tasting evenings  the helpful, polite front desk.Overall, I'd recommend this place for singles or couples, but for children present, you probably need a bit bigger room. For the location  proximity to everything (including a marvelous little Mexican restaurant around the corner), you can't beat this place for the price. SF is a magical city with plenty of things to do, so I'd recommend just crashing here  seeing the wonderful surroundings more than hanging out in a room all day.Would recommend again for a getaway for 2, but not for families because of the room size.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sbourne
<Content>RUN don't walk away from this place. It seems that I am on a run of very bad hotel luck. The last time I used Priceline in San Francisco, I got to stay in the beautiful, new Hilton in the financial district. Since then, Priceline has dropped me into some real dumps and the Executive Hotel Vintage Court takes the cake. For $137 a night ($2 a night more than I would have had to pay if I booked directly) Priceline put me in this fleabag and that is the last straw. I won't use either Priceline or stay at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court again.Where to start. Rooms VERY small, VERY dirty, VERY old. The TV didn't work. The heat didn't work. The walls were PAPER thin and I could hear the guy in the next room using the bathroom, among other unpleasant bodily functions.The location is actually good. Two blocks up from Union Square, right off Bush and Powell. Other than that, I can't think of a single positive thing to say about this hotel. You have to pay to park, you have to pay for a slow Internet connection and there's a good chance you'll have to pay for a room that will make you wish you'd stayed just about ANYWHERE else.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	1	

<Author>Sparkling_Water61
<Content>BEWARE OF BED BUGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BLECH! Seriously I was extremely disappointed with this for MANY reasons. I can stay in a so-so place as long as the bed is comfortable *and* it is CLEAN. This one did not satisfy even my basic needs. We got in very late and were booked to stay 4 nights. I woke up in the middle of night with what looked like a RASH... I was so uncomfortable and there was NO WAY that I was going to take a bath or shower in a place that the bathtub which should have been WHITE was GREY. I immediately called another hotel and they told us to come right over at 9 AM and they would provide us a room. BEWARE of this place as I am still dealing with these DISGUSTING bed bugs that I received at this hotel. This is NO BARGAIN,the staff could not have been any less helpful and when we complained and asked the GM- David to call us on our mobile phone he DID NOT. Not only that but we were charged an additional $18.00 for not staying the entire 4 nights! Unbelievable.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>morcon
<Content>Great stay at the Vintage Court Just returned from a three night stay at the Vintage Court. Our room was large with a king bed, very comfortable. The wine tasting at 5 pm. and the pastries with coffee in the morning were really nice touches.The front desk staff were absolutely great, they were friendly and helpful and made our stay at the Vintage Court most enjoyable.Location of the hotel is perfect, 3 blocks to Chinatown, 4 blocks to Union Square and a short cable car ride to Fisherman's Wharf. We caught the cable car a block from the hotel.Our time at the Vintage Court and San Francisco left us with great memories, we would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dhefty
<Content>You have to at least try it. We had booked our stay for four nights but were only able to stay two due to a guest checking out and purposely leaving the water running in the tub. However, the staff at the Vintage took care of us, providing accomodations in another, albeit less comfortable, hotel about 10 blocks away. But, they paid for the room and parking. Can't complain - it was FREE! (BTW - it was the Cathedral Hill Hotel - a huge hotel that smelled like a 3 day old sweaty sock and just as crusty.)The room we had was fabulous - we had an excellent view of the S.F. skyline. We stayed on the 7th Floor - in the rooms named after the wineries. The bed was most comfortable and yes, like most aged hotels in the area, the bathroom is small - but functional! (Who stays in the bathroom anyway?)The staff was spectacular. What else needs to be said?The location can't be beat. 1 1/2 blocks from Chinatown - and for first time visitors - never buy anything within 3 blocks of the entrance to Chinatown - the same merchandise gets substantially cheaper the further you go in. 3 blocks from Union Square - but mostly shops you can find anywhere else. A bit of a hike to the Wharf but well worth it.Parking is $26 per day. This is about as cheap as you will find - many other places are $40 - $45. We never got to enjoy the wine tasting from 5-6pm because we were way too busy. But when we would return to the hotel around 7pm - there were still people enjoying a glass.There are many dining options - I would recommend Sears Fine Food. On weekends - at most places, make sure to find out if a reservation is required or needed. You may go hungry otherwise.I have been to S.F. before but never stayed downtown. This was a great experience and won't bankrupt you in the process.Give it a try!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Swank
<Content>Pleasant, but wouldn't be my first choice again I stayed at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court for 4 days and 3 nights in early October 2006 while in town on a business trip. I'll review the hotel in detail by TripAdvisor category.Location:The hotel was about a 20-minute cab ride (about $40) from the San Francisco Airport. It's located on a very busy street near Union Square. It's within walking distance of Union Square and Chinatown, but watch out for those hills! They're killer. Be prepared! A trolley runs up Powell Street about a block away. This makes for a pretty noisy stay. You WILL hear the trolley and street noise, as well as a 5:30 a.m. dumpster run, so if you are a light sleeper, bring earplugs. I don't recommend walking around at night alone. There are many homeless people (although most seem very polite and harmless) as well as shady characters in the area. I didn't need it, but parking was available for a fee.Check-in/front desk:This was by far the most impressive aspect of the hotel. I was greeted very warmly by the front desk staff. I arrived too early, so they checked my bags. Their bellhop was the most polite bellhop I have ever encountered. The front desk staff was very knowledgeable about area sights and how to get to them. My only complaint is that I couldn't get the Internet acess in my room to work. Although one front desk person told a coworker to come down for some sort of adapter, I was told to plug my computer into the phone line. Neither worked. If you need transportation, the front desk will arrange it for you, and the group van they schedule for you will save you some money. Just be sure to request this service at least a day in advance because they need to know what time you'll be ready.Rooms:As other reviews indicate, rooms are very small, but I was a business traveler and didn't need a lot of room. There was a slight smell in the room, but overall I was pleased with it. They seem to be European themed. I was somewhat confused that there was no sink in the bathroom -- but it was actually located within the room behind what seemed to be a closet door. Free toiletries were provided. In the room was a bed, a desk, a dresser and two nightstands, with not much room for anything else. One wall was a mirror to make the room look bigger. I liked the full ironing board and iron -- very convenient. The bed was very firm but still comfortable with good pillows. There was an A/C unit in the room but it was very cool and you really didn't need it. I am not sure what the heating system was, but I saw a boiler. There was a mini-fridge in the room but you needed a key. Some food and toiletry items were provided to you for a fee -- over $4 for a can of pop! A coworker got desperate one night and opened a can of Pringles which cost about $7, only to find they were stale! Cable TV was good and there was a local travel information channel that was helpful. Housekeeping did a good job. Shower pressure and temperature were good.Cleanliness:I thought the hotel was very clean, although it had a slight old smell to it.Service:Breakfast was not worth bothering with: Coffee, watered down juice and some stale pastries. There are decent cafes in the area instead. I loved the nightly wine receptions, though. If you like to mingle, it's perfect for you. If you're shy, it's still nice to sit by the fireplace and enjoy wines from the area. I found the hotel employees to be pretty helpful and knowledgeable. I didn't try the Masa restaurant as it was REALLY expensive (about $90 per person for prix fixe) but the menu looked delicious.Business service:Not much to say. There's one computer in the lobby with paid Internet access. This did not suit my needs. My in-room Internet access never worked, which caused some headache during my trip.Value:For what my company paid, and given that this IS San Francisco, I think it is a pretty good financial decision. There are far worse hotels in the area! It had a certain charm to it that was unique.Other information:I highly recommend Cafe de la Presse, a French bistro about 3 blocks away. GREAT food! Just lousy service. For a very special evening, I recommend Cityscapes at the top of the Hilton Hotel in Union Square. Excellent food, service, and 360-degree views 400 feet above San Francisco. I do not recommend Roxanne's on the corner or Lori's Diner on Powell Street. Blah food and awful service there!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>rvtus
<Content>good, not great, hotel Stayed here Oct 45. Changed rooms right away as the first room was overlooking the alley with the garbage bins. The desk clerk was understanding and helpful, and the second room was fine. Clean, if small (as is every hotel room I've seen in SF), and the bed was comfortable. I thought it was a very quiet room. The continental breakfast was very busy the entire time it was being served, so they ran out of stuff a couple of times, but it was eventually replenished. I thought the coffee was pretty good, the orange juice fresh, and the danish and muffins were decent. There are a couple of things to note if you're considering the Vintage;the location is excellent, although there must be at least 100 options for boutique hotels in the Union Square area. We paid around $130/night, so it's not outrageously priced or anything. Internet access will cost you $10/day. I thought that was a bit odd so close to Silicon Valley, but there are a zillion hotspots around if you want to take your laptop somewhere else. We're in our mid 30's, and we were the youngest couple we saw by at least 15 years. Nothing wrong with that, just worth noting.There is a restaurant in the hotel called Masa. It's an expensive but apparently wonderful 'prix fixe' dining experience. Several people that we talked to were staying at the hotel because of the restaurant. Overall, the hotel was decent, but nothing special. If you're under 40, I would save a couple dollars and look at the Commodore or a similar place.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Lyn911
<Content>Perfect for San Francisco Dont expect the ritz but this small hotel is tucked away 1/2 a block for Powell street and two blocks from Union Square right on the cable line. Its sweet rooms are great very comfortable its states it included breakfast but it is tea/coffee and a pastry but it gets you started for the day and it serves wine from 5-6 which if your in to socialising is great. Remember you get what you pay for and location is great.Great tip pay $11.00 and you can use the cable cars all day, Cheesecake factory at the top of macys is a must have the house chardonnay, Fishermans wharf is tacky but in a really good way and you can see the sea lions.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Snowqueen200
<Content>Noisy!! After reading the reviews of this hotel I thought that maybe people were being to picky....However most reviews were right on!I'll start with the positives1.) Great Location...very close to cable car stop and Union Square.2.) Nightly Wine reception is fun. Not the greatest of wine but it is all you can drink and you get to meet people who are also staying at the hotel.The CONS:1.) Noise, Noise , and more Noise!!! I think we might have had a bad room and with ear plugs it was better however this hotel is noisy. It is old so you can hear everyone walking around ect...2.) SMALL room. I mean SMALL!!! I was expecting a small room but our room was very small!!!3.) Breakfast is only good for the coffee and OJ. The Muffins and dougnuts are way to stale to eat!!!I probably would not stay here again. I am by no means a picky traveler and for the price it is what it is so to speak. However if we come back to SF we might pay an extra $300-400 and stay somewhere nicer.We still had a great trip and the hotel was clean. We weren't in the room all that much anyway!!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>sunrunner63
<Content>TOO NOISY!! I wouldn't recommend this hotel for one reason: The beds were comfortable but you will not get a good sleep. Every morning at 6:00 a.m. there were EXTREMELY LOUD garbage trucks on the street outside and they made noise for an hour EVERY day. It takes an earthquake to wake me up and I even tried earplugs after the lst night but those trucks were loud. It's too bad because the hotel is in a good location, and the concierge was nice. But it's getting run down: we had 2 rooms and both rooms were just okay; my bedsheets were thin and had a few holes in them, the bathroom (shower grout  floor) was looking grotty. Bottom line: next time, I won't be staying at the Vintage Court.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a very nice small hotel centrally located We spent three nights in June at this hotel. The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. We came before check-in time and they not only stored our bags but took them up to the room for us so they were waiting when we returned. The room was clean and well appointed. When we asked for extra pillows, and then later for extra hangers, a staff member was at the door within two minutes both times. The complimentary wine tasting was a pleasant amenity, and when we came half an hour late one evening a staff member gave us a glass of merlot anyway. This is a small European-style hotel, so the rooms are not huge, and it doesn't have all the things you pay for at the Mark Hopkins, but it was very nice, the air conditioning worked very well (it was unusually hot for San Francisco), everything was clean. The only downside is that the continental breakfast has only coffee, juice, pastries, and fresh apples -- we would have liked a healthier kind of bread, so we bought some bagels. The locationis great: It's just two blocks from Chinatown, two blocks from the French Consulate and Cafe de la Presse that has international newspapers, only five blocks north of Market Street, and half a block from the Powell Street cable car line that will take you to Fishermans Wharf or North Beach or Nob Hill or Market Street. We would definitely return on our next trip to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away I stayed at this hotel during my recent trip to San Francisco and I would recommend to stay away. First off, their must be a huge dumpster next to the hotel because I was woken up many times by trucks that sounded like they were dumping garbage into a dumpster. Secondly, the bathroom looked like it had not been updated since 1970 and I could not get hot water in the shower one morning, not to mention that the shower had pulsating water which didn't lend to a comfortable shower. All in all, I'd suggest to stay away from this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>martinsa
<Content>Charming but shabby and so-so service I found the lobby and hotel in general charming. The room itself was slightly shabby and murky but decent size.Had some problems with the service also. On the first morning I went down to get my car and was informed that it would take 15 minutes to get it from valet parking (something they did not inform me about when I parked). It ended up taking 20 minutes and me being late for a meeting.In the evening I told the receptionist that I wanted a wake-up call at 7 and my car out of parking by 7.30. No problems I was told. In the morning I was surprised to find my car was not ready by 7.30. When I asked for it the receptionist (new since the night before) seemed surprised but called for it and I ended up waiting 20 minutes again.On the day of my leaving I told the receptionist that I would be receiving a package during the day and could they hold it for me even though I had already checked out? No problems of course. As you can guess they ended up informing the package deliverer that I had checked out and that they could not accept the package.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mikemo
<Content>a pleasant surprise We stayed two nights on the way to China and found few of the problems mentioned in prior reviews: the morning pastry was poor, but the coffee and juice were better than most.Our room was pretty isolated, but we heard a dumpster being emptied early each morning (should have closed the window).Our online rate of $92. a night was a good value.M  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very reasonable hotel My wife and I stayed at the Vintage and found it to be clean, comfortable, great location. The only problem we had was the lack of hot water one morning. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A few small probs - if you want perfection, go to the Drake After reading some of the reviews on this website, I was a little concerned before I went to this hotel.After spending three days there I have to say I would go back. Here's why:The Hotel:- excellent location - very close to Union Square and the trolley is a block away- very inviting lobby with a nice gas fireplace- wine tasting before dinner- good coffee in the morning; yes, there were only muffins, but they were good and fresh - didn't have any staleness issues- concierges were very friendly and helpfulThe Room:- clean and well kept- yes, the fabric on the chair was older but it didn't scream dirty unless you really looked closely at areas where the fabric was protected (big deal - I think this would only be a problem if you planned on licking furniture...)- beds were comfortable - comforters didn't appear dirty either; the linens (the things that actually make contact with your body) were well washed- the bathroom layout was smaller but very usable, the subway tiles on the walls near the floor looked like they could use a bit of a scrub but I am wondering if they looked dirty because they were original Concerns:- our room didn't have any smell (some of the posts mentioned a foul odour....); however, friends in another room turned on their hot water radiator and yes, there was an incredibly awful smell which did dissipate eventually; I am wondering if it comes from the water in the radiator...that being said, I would just keep the heat off and use extra blanketsOverall:This was a good hotel. Yes, there were some small problems, but I think every hotel has them - unless you are willing to pay the big bucks.I would definitely stay here again - just make sure you don't turn on the radiator. Heat isn't really an issure in San Francisco anyway - it can be cold at night, but not that cold. Oh yes, the green geomtric shaped pillows on the bed are great for pillow fights.If you have any questions, email me.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CABarb
<Content>Shame on this management Decided to try a new SF hotel, the Executive Vintage Inn on Bush...a great location. Found a rate of $135 for a King room with self-parking. Will never stay at this hotel again. Our room, #704, had a nice outlook from the three front windows. The bathroom was miniscule, with the smallest, triangular sink I have ever seen....just big enough to get your hands under the faucets. There were no drinking glasses, but the wine goblets served the purpose. But things like this I can excuse. So what was wrong? It was the filthiest furniture upholstry I have ever seen in any room, anywhere (and we stay in a lot of low end hotels all over Europe). The fabric was torn on one chair arm, the whole chair was literally blacked-gold in color, compared to the unexposed gold fabric behind the cushion.  The bed was quite comfy, but the bedding was shameful. The duvet was so soiled I did't want to touch it. Besides the generalized brownish soiling and spotting overall at the top foot or so, a cup of coffee had been spilled on it, who knows when, and it was not even laundered! The hotel touted fluffy down comforters, or the like. On close examination, there was a very undersized, very thin probably feather-filled mat of some sort that was inserted into the duvet, but it didn't begin to reach the edge of the bed or the top shoulder area; the rest of the duvet was empty,hanging over the sides. I carefully pulled back this disgusting duvet, only to find the thinnest, balled up, torn, shabby blanket I have ever seen in a hotel! I have a very similar one that I put in our dog house years ago, only mine does not have the satin binding torn off...none at all on the top, and torn and hanging off the blanket on the side.  This hotel should be truly embarassed to present such a room for any price. Yes, we did have a Continental Breakfast of pastries (dry,not fresh) juice and coffee, and nice wine in the evening...(not so much as a cracker was served with the wine.) but these amenities in no way redeemed the condition of the room. This hotel must really be hurting. Back to our old favorite on Union Square. We should never have left it.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladyclayton
<Content>Excellent location and value!         
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful find! We loved this place. The location was the best--a short walk to Union Square, Chinatown and Nob Hill without being on a busy street. The wine tasting provided each evening by a different winery was truly unique and wonderful. Our corner room with King bed had not one but 2 full bay windows. Ok, so the bathroom was nothing to write home about (small with shower only but our kids' room had a bath). Both rooms were spacious with tasteful furnishings if you like dark wood and an older style hotel-- after all, part of the charm is being in a 90 + yr old hotel which we prefer to the newer hotels. Great value for the price, best location, comfortable beds and fine service. You'll find it's a real find!Debby MaddisSanta Monica  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thode
<Content>Keep Looking We spent one night out of the 5 we had expected. The hotel is an old one but not acceptable. Our room had poor lighting, a plank for a bed, but the one thing that did it was the stains on the supposedly white bed coverlet. Look around a bit more and the arms of the upholstered chair were dirty, and the hallway carpet had a big stain on it. The room's carpet was one of those squiggly black ones, so who knows what stains were on it. I would not recommend this one, nor would I return.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vintage the Quintessential SF Hotel We were on a shopping spree and stayed 3 nights at the Vintage. Our room was on the 4th floor overlooking Bush and Powell street to our right 25 yards away. The Hotel is Edwardian decorated, not new, but clean. The staff are helpful. The cable cars stop right in front. The bells and clanking from them IS San Francisco and makes for a very romantic stay. Great restaurants with in walking distance. Best Chinese food in the US is found 4 blocks away in China town. Union square is 2 blocks away. The hotels location is a 5 star, definitely. Limos were on our street everynite, dropping off and picking up guests, with their drivers in tuxedos. There are locals on this street too, not just tourists, and they are very friendly. You won't have a better San Francisco experience. Yes, you can find nicer, but at the expense of the San Franciso allure that the Vintage posesses.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the price We arrived with great directions from the hotel. We had been worried after seeing negative reviews on Trip Advisor, I phoned the hotel with my concerns. They couldn't have been nicer. I spoke with the manager and upon arrival, there was a note from her so we could let her know if anything wasn't to our liking. It was great, the staff friendly and great location. A bit difficult to find reasonable parking but it is a big city. We loved the wine tasting before dinner. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>YC-YVR
<Content>Disappointing quality, but decent service We booked this hotel through Hotwire, where the few provided reviews were favourable. When we arrived, I was surprised at how dark and dingy the lobby was. Our room was similarly shabby, and a moldy smell permeated the air (I think from the bathroom). We asked for another room, which was only slightly better. Having said that, the service was friendly and responsive, and the hotel did host a daily wine tasting in the afternoons, a nice touch. Overall, I was not impressed with this hotel, and would not stay here again. BTW, the pictures on the Vintage Court website are deceiving; the rooms aren't nearly so well-lit! For a comparable price, I would much prefer The Orchard Hotel, just across the street (we stayed there four months ago).  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Vintage Court We stayed three nights at the hotel. We did notice an odor when we entered the room. We believe it was coming from trash in the courtyard below, since we were in an inner facing room. The odor dissipated in a short while. The room was small but clean. It actually looked just like the photo on this website! We did not use the Internet in room since we had just begun our trip. We loved the wine hour. We were ready to wind down by then, since coming from the southeast we woke very early. We met some very nice people in the comfortable lobby/lounge during the hour. The continental breakfast was fine with me, since I eat similarly at home. We found several pleasant, but not fancy, restaurants nearby. The proximity to the cable car stop was great, as was the closeness of Chinatown, and we enjoyed both. We would certainly recommend the Vintage Court and would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, comfortable On Business trip to SFO. Vintage court is a older well maintained property with character, very comfortable and in a quite neighborhood. Bed was great. Very short walk to Powell cable car and 15 minute walk to Mascone Center. Great value and would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again. Good restaurants in area. This hotel is definitely above average in its price range. Wifi Internet service was a bit pricey.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>phutchie
<Content>good location, small rooms, good value, some smelly rooms Rooms  bathroom both small.Great location for visiting SF - not so busy like Fisherman's Wharf but easy to get around to all attractions especially if you can use the buses.Our first room had disgusting smell in it which I could still smell in the morning after sleeping - you'd have thought after a while your nose would get used to it. Informed reception and they arranged a new room which was identical layout but no bad smell.Wine reception looked very nice if you like that sort of thing. Did not try continental breakfast.Good value for SF - we paid $99 a night for 3 nights.Probably would not go back cos I am particular about smells but maybe I am just fussy. Smelly room was on 5th floor.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>whensvacation
<Content>Nice hotel for the price We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights the last part of July 2005 and found it to be perfect for our needs. Though it is situated in an older building (as are many of the hotels in the city) the furnishings seemed to have been updated fairly recently and it was very clean. We were wary of the smell that several people had mentioned in previous posts, but we didn't have any trouble with this at all. The staff was very friendly and they upgraded our room upon arrival, which surprised us because we had booked through Orbitz and gotten a really good rate. If you have a car to park, there is a garage about one block up on Bush Street. It's $25 per day with in and out privileges. Valet is also available for about $10 more if we remember correctly. Overall, we felt that for the amount of money that we spent, we probably got one of the best hotels available. We were glad to not be in a hotel on noisy Lombard, which is where many of the less expensive hotels are located. We would stay at this hotel again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SCFCanton
<Content>Good Value Hotel At the front end of a week tour of San Francisco and Wine Country, my wife and I stayed for a single night at the Executive Vintage Court. We were flying in from the East Coast to bunk in San Fran for a single night, before we headed off to Napa for a mid-week wine tour. We did not want to pay top $ for a hotel, but we did not want a motel/motor court type deal either. We bid on $118 on Priceline for a boutique hotel and they accepted our offer and sent us to the Executive Vintage Court. For what we needed - value stay for one night - this hotel fit the bill. The hotel is small. I mean everything is small. The elevator, the lobby, the rooms, bathrooms, etc. That is not a knock on the hotel, except I am kind of big (6'1, 215) so I felt a bit claustrophobic. One other thing, after we found out our booking from Priceline, we read the reviews on this site and we were concerned about them because quite a few mentioned a smell. The hotel did not smell bad. However, it did smell like my grandmothers house (faint potpurri and slightly musty) but I think this is because the building and the furnishings are a little old. My wife and I came to the conclusion that this hotel caters to Europeans (we noticed quite a few were staying the hotel) and this hotel might be targeting itself as a European style boutique hotel. The staff was nice, but check-in was not quick. They did not provide us the best directions for dinner because we could not find the restaurant that they recommended. The shower was small and the shower head was literally at the middle of my chest so I had to bend down to rinse my hair. We were disappointed in the continental breakfast the next morning -- as the selections were pastries and fruit only. Parking is a block up the street so keep that in mind if you do not want to valet. You will have to walk a block downhill to check in and uphill at check out. Parking costs were not bad ($25) compared to the other hotel we stayed at in the city later during our trip. The location of the hotel is really good. It is close to Union Square, the Financial District, and the Pier areas. We wandered around looking for their dinner recommendation and came upon the Belden Place dining row which had a cool vibe to it and some interesting restaurants. Based on what we paid and that it was for one night only, I was satisfied with our stay. If my stay in San Francisco was longer, I would find a hotel that might be a bit more upscale, but for what we needed it was a perfect fit.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous location We stayed at the Vintage Court for 5 days and for the location it is good value for money. It is located only 2 blocks away from Union Square and is near a tram stop which was very useful.The hotel was clean and although the rooms and bathroom were small they were quite adequate. I have to say there was a funny smell in the bedroom which did go away if you opened the window but was a little off putting. The rooms are as shown on the website photos - so no nasty surprises. We didnt partake in the wine tasting as it was too early for us 5-6pm and we were still out sightseeing, we also did not have the free breakfast.We have stayed in a number of hotels around the world and agreed the Vintage Court was good value for money considering the location, but do try to find an internet deal! If you are used to extremely high standards and luxury you may be better off elsewhere. For those who want a nice, clean, comfotable base whilst visiting San Francisco this is perfect!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smelly but Good Value This hotel has one big problem going for it ....the smell. There is an odor that smells somewhere between cat urine and wet carpet. I honestly do not know what can possbly be done to eliminate the odor. I am giving this hotel my totally unbiased review. The hotel's staff was courteous and friendly at all times. My room looked exactly like the photograph on the internet. I did pay an additional $10 per night and the staff honored my request for a corner room. The room I stayed in was twice the size of the Hotel Monaco (that I stayed in last year) and half the price. I did not eat the breakfast or take part in the wine reception. And the price at $99 per night including tax was the lowest I could ever imagine paying in San Francisco!When we arrive all the windows were open. The smell was very strong in the hallways but fairly faint in our room. The problem happened at night when I closed the windows because of the night chill. The smell was so strong it kept me awake and I had to take 3 sleeping pills just to get to sleep. The next day we invested in some air freshener and scented candles, left the windows open and problem solved. But I think the next time I will pay the few extra dollars for some clean air.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kenito799
<Content>not bad at all After I booked an 8-day stay, I read some negative tripadvisor reviews and I was worried, but I had a perfectly nice time at HVC. --location excellent, although there is one fairly steep block uphill from Union Square (I didn't mind, that's what SF is like)--I asked for a quiet room so I wasn't facing the street, which was fine with me, my 6th floor room still had lots of light--bathrooms are very small but very clean--towels and sheets very nice--decent wine from 5-6 and coffee/juice/muffins/donuts in the morning--staff helpful and nice, very prompt room cleaningTips:--wireless internet is extra: minute rates, or $9 a day or $30 a month--since I was there a week I paid the $30 (billed over the internet to an outside service)--it worked well in the room or the lobby. You can also pay to use the internet in the lobby.--the self-park garage across the street was a good deal--$14 one night and $16 the next night, so if you are going to use your car during the day that's better than the hotel parking rate.Issues from other reviews:--yes, there was one of those infamous coffee stains on the duvet cover but it didn't gross me out--no weird smells anywhere, I don't know what they are talking about  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Not a Perfect but Pretty Good This hotel is about five-tem minutes walk from the very centre of San Fran and about 15 minutes from Market St, the bottom end of the tram line and most shopping. It is about one block away from the nearest tram stop. Despite it being so close to the city centre and having a room on the street side we found it very quiet.Staff very friendly and helpful. I'm teetotal so I didn't jojn in the wine-tasting sessions, but these seemed to be quite popular.Didn't try the hotel restaurant, but there are a great many fine places to eat within a ten minute walk.I'd certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Executive Vintage Court Stole $200 From Us Hotel was not bad, but when we checked out, we had a very unpleasant surprise: Though we had payed in advance our whole stay, when checking out, there was a $4 charge for use of Internet, plus a $200 charge for Smoking in the room shich was absolutely not true. I told the staff this was a mistake, and so they went for an inspection of the room to prove there had been no smoking there. After a careful inspection of the room, by two staff members of the hotel, they agreed with us: NO SMOKING TOOK PLACE IN OUR ROOM. So they said, ok, we will only charge you the $4 for the Internet, but you still need to sign this sheet, authorizing us to charge you the $4 for the Internet to your credit card. I asked why I had to sign, if I was paying cash. They said it was just proceedure. They gave me another receipt for the $4 cash payment. To my very unpleasant surprise, when I got home, I found out they must have forged the sheet I signed authorizing the $4 charge to my credit card (the so called Standard Proceedure), and added back the $200 charge. We will never stay there again, and will recommend people to be aware of this untruthful, illegal behavior. I am claiming the hotel to reimburse this money. I called them, and they said, Well, after you left the hotel, the manager decided we would charge the $200. To me this seems very ugly, not honest, and a HORRIBLE THEFT. My email, if any one wants to confirm this: ------  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cmjenx
<Content>A Balanced Review First, allow me to share that I am an experienced world-wide traveler (used to staying on the the road six weeks at a time throughout the year).After reading these mixed reviews, I took a chance and booked a week at the Vintage Court in February 2005. I promised myself afterwards that I would write a review that would offer some balance between the good and bad reviews. The reason why this hotel received so many mixed reviews is because its facility and services are good, but mixed with many problems. This boutique hotel is old, but has the potential to be rated a solid 3.0 - 3.5 star, if these problems were addressed.Problems: It is true that the linen is dirty and the room including the bathroom are small. However, the decor is very modern that is suited for an upscale hotel, which provides you with a good and cozy feeling. Dirty is defined as black marks and spots on the off-white bed spreads, carpet stains, dusty furniture, and cosmetics issues (e.g., cracks in the wall, torn wall paper, etc.). It is also true that the hotel has a bearable odor. I am not sure if it is urine as reported by one reviewer. My suspision is that the odor from the radiators are permeating throughout the building. My radiator came on loud at night and spurted water on the carpet until the system generated heat. I was told that this was normal. While these things are not hideous, they may take away from your comfort level. So, the reviews should be based on your comfort level. For example, if you can forego some frills and the problems above, this is the place for you. However, if you are accustom to staying at a solid 3.0 star hotel, such as a very good Courtyard Marriott, then this is not the place for you. Also, this is not a hotel for business travelers needing Internet access. There is only one computer in the lobby with Internet access and you must pay for that service by use of debit or credit card. You may use dial-up capability in your room if you have NetZero or AOL on your laptop. On a good note, the lobby is very spacious and nice for relaxing. They had the fireplace on, so it provided a warm atmosphere. In the morning they offered a free continental breakfast that included muffins, pastries, coffees, and teas. Again, while this was a good thing, they didn't spend the money for the muffins and pastries -- small, tasteless, and stale. Free wine was also served in the nice lobby in the evening. I do not drink alcohol, so I am unable to comment on the quality of wine served.The staff is cordial. They get the job done. There are a few who are more personable than others; but overall, you get an average group. If this hotel undergo a minor facelit (modern heat system, industrial cleaning, new carpet, and a few niceties), they would be back in the race. Because my comfort level is higher, I checked out of the Vintage hotel after three days and checked into the Orchard across the street. I would have done it sooner, but no rooms were available. What a difference! Big (and I do mean big) rooms, DVD, free movie rental from the front desk, free Internet access, marble bathroom floors, very nice bedding, wetbar, etc.) The Orchard has a restaurant which is not a part of the hotel and I do not recommend their food. It will get you over your hunger, but the experience would only be to refuel and not to enjoy. I had dinner and breakfast there. The portions for dinner were big. My room included a full free breakfast: cereal, fruit, yogurt, juice, coffee, muffins, pastries, and teas -- pretty good for a free breakfast.The Vintage has a lot of sister properties. I would also recommend the Hotel Milano (downtown San Francisco). If you like a more conservative room, then stay at the Orchard. The Milano is very modern.If you have specific questions that are not answered in this review, please feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as Advertised The rooms are small. The first room we checked in to had a tiny shower and toilet in a closet. Room bed had a stained Duvet cover, stained carpet, no drinking glasses even though we requested them more than once, the steam radiator heat is always on and the air conditioner control was broken. The pictures shown on the web site did not look like our lobby, check in desk, or our room. The room was well worn with cracked tile in the bathroom. All in all it was just a very worn looking room. The service was hit and miss. We really felt the images we used to choose this hotel were not an accurate representation of the actual hotel property.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sally802
<Content>Charming, comfortable, great location I recently spent 3 nights at the Vintage Court in San Francisco. The hotel was quite charming -- a comfy lobby with plush couches, dark woods, and a warm fireplace. The front desk staff was semi-helpful -- I think it depended on which shift was at work. They were able to arrange transportation back to SFO and were very helpful with luggage and other needs. The rooms are small -- but cute. Ours looked like something out of Trading Spaces. There is a fully stocked fridge in the room and some goodies on top if you catch the munchies during your stay. The bathroom is antiquated and cramped, but still clean and fully functional. Overall, the location was ideal. Only two short blocks (plus one rather steep hill) from Union Square. The cable car stopped half a block up and was a great resource. For only $90/night, the hotel was perfect. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amy50
<Content>A Great Find You cannot beat the location! Union Square is just a stone's throw away! The room was very charming. The rooms were updated with modern funiture, but it had the charm of the year it was built -1912. We met many nice people at the free wine tasting in the lobby. They also serve pastry, juice and coffee during the morning hours along with a free newspaper.If you're looking for a great location, and old world charm at a decent price then look no farther!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! Great price for a great boutique hotel!! I stayed here for Thanksgivings 04 and boy, was I impressed. I had reservations since I kept reading mixed reviews here, but in the end I just could not beat the excellent rate that I got from expedia and the convenient location of the hotel. I am so glad I chose this hotel because my stay here was excellent. I don't know how others got such bad service - either I got lucky or they were really unlucky? I received nothing but great service here from everyone I spoke to, especially the night service dude Matthew. The concierge is nothing but helpful as well. The wine tasting in the evening is a nice touch as well. The rooms are clean and nicely decorated. Not the nicest hotel I've ever been in, but definitely the best for my money. High recommended, and I'd love to come back to visit!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simmyandernie
<Content>Fantastic!!!!! After reading some negative reviews about the Vintage Court, I was concerned that our stay in SF would be ruined. I emailed the management, received a prompt reply assuring me that all my concerns would be taken care of, and, I'm happy to report, we had an outstanding stay. The rooms were beautiful, clean, and quiet. The location (a few blocks from Union Sq.) was perfect and the nightly wine tastings (FREE) were the icing on the cake. All the staff were friendly and helpful. Since our son goes to school in SF, we WILL be staying here again and again!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some bad, some just okay... Just returned from staying five night at the HVC (10/22 - 10/27). The good news, we only paid $150/night. The lesson here...you get what you pay for. Definitely encountered an old and musty smell in the hallways and room. Room is very small and not very clean. Bathrooms are very small and old. However, the towels were nice. Bedspreads are cream colored and very stained, as was the fabric headboard. The worst was that the room featured a window seat but the windows were so filthy you could not see out of them. The other downside is the garbage truck traffic, but I can't hold them responsible for that.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SE37
<Content>Horrible! Do NOT GO HERE! I checked in on 10/08/04. The room was filthy. The halls smelled of urine and mold. When I got into my room...it looked NOTHING like the clean, cozy room they have in the photo. I had a cream comforter with blood stains on it! When I asked the front desk to please replace it....they told me they didn't have any replacements and they would just take our comforter away! The front desk was not accomodating at all and seemed agitated by my request to replace the blood stained duvet. Needless to say....I checked out immediately and found another hotel!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oztrekker
<Content>Vintage Court is good value Stayed at The Vintage Court 4 September for 3 nights - was a bit dubious because of previous views but can only say what wonderful staff - very, very helpful. Yes, room was small but hey, we did not want to stay there all day.............but the towels were the sofest ever! Ideal spot to explore a fantastic city without breaking the bank.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exactly What I Wanted I stayed in the Vintage Court on my way back to Australia from the UK. As a single traveller, I did alot of research into San Francisco hotels due to a limited budget. It was perfect for what I needed. The room was nicely appointed - it looked just like the photographs you see on the website. The staff were extremely helpful, especially with booking day trips for me. I never did make it to the wine nights, but everyone looked like they were enjoying themselves. Location wise, it was very close to Chinatown, Union Square and to the cable cars. Definitely recommend this hotel if you can't afford Sheraton or Hilton type hotels.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lay off the Vintage Court!! I booked a 10 day stay at the Vintage Court through the internet and after reviewing the reviews we went there with some trepidation - we needn't have bothered - the staff were friendly and helpful - the room was clean but on the small(ish) side, as was the bathroom - but neither were intended to be used as a dance hall - we found them quite adequate - the continental breakfast of coffee and a muffin was exactly what I expected from a continental breakfast - the evening wine tasting was fun and we met a number of very nice people there - we discussed the hotel with a number of them and none had any complaints - my only adverse comment is that if you book an early call - and there is an alarm clock in the rooms - ensure that the details are entered in the diary and not just on a piece of paper - all in all we had a great time - the location is great unless you are adverse to walking a couple of blocks - and if we were returning to San Francisco for we would certainly stay there again -- For those who want the Hilton type of accommodation and service - book at the Hilton and pay the Hilton prices!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good for the price Just got back from 3 nights at Vintage Court. We found it to be in a great location w/easy walks to Chinatown, North Beach, Union Square, etc. (Cable car stopped at the corner; BART was about 6 blocks away, down the hill.) They matched prices we found on another travel website, which was great. The only negative things I remember were: a slightly bad smell when entering the doorway to our room, but no smell a few steps in to the actual bedroom; and the A/C was kind of old and made loud noises at times - but SF was cool enough that you don't really need the air at all times. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A pleasant place This is a lovely, pleasant, older hotel... just what it says it is. It is not grand and luxurious nor pretentious, but very comfortable, well maintained, and very clean. The staff is genuinely helpful, friendly and courteous. They suggested restaurants and helped us with reservations to one of our favorite North Beach haunts. The complimentary morning coffee was flavorful and the evening wine hour was welcome. In addition to the staff, we really enjoyed meeting the guests at the wine hour. The location of the hotel is convenient to China Town, Union Square, Market Street, the Financial District, North Beach, the cable cars. We will stay here again when visiting Baghdad by the Bay. A comfortable room at a good price.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Elsewhere We stayed three nights in late may.The hotel clearly has some boutique / gastro pretensions, these are not reflected in the accomodation, breakfast, or laughable wine tasting every evening.Our room was tired, small, dark and dirty.There must be better places to stay for the price.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just OK Don't go out of your way for this one. We spent 2 nights here and it was fine, but I wouldn't go back. The bathroom wasn't sparkling, and the duvet was stained, but the sheets were definitely clean. The bed was super-firm. Our room was a decent size as it was on a corner.We had a room on the front and the street noise was quite loud - needed earplugs to sleep. The hallways did have an odor - like dirty diaper, but luckily that smell wasn't in our room.The whole thing just seemed a little tired/worn/shabby, and I was glad to not be spending much time in my room. We moved to the Triton our second 2 nights and that was a huge improvement!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go elsewhere This was the worst hotel experience I've ever had. It was the first time in San Francisco for us and we were very excited to be there, but the Vintage Hotel took away from our experience.For 150/night we expected plain but clean accomodations-- something we did not get.Our room was extremely dirty, including the glasses on the bathroom counter. The bedroom had an awful stench and overall the location was not great. This is not in Nob Hill, but on the edge of it. This is one of the few reviews I've ever written, but I want to let people know that they should steer clear of this place.It was awful! My advice is to look for accomodations elsewhere.   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Deal in a Great Location. We stayed at the Vintage Court last week for 3 nights. It is in a great location right on the Powell St. cablecar line, but you can easily walk down into the downtown area, over to Chinatown, or even up to North Beach. Perfect location, imo. Rooms were nice. Service was excellent. Showers had crappy pressure, but otherwise nice. Noise was minimal. For $108/nt, you can't beat it in SFO.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dead Wrong Dude, what hotel did you stay it? We had a great time there. Nice room, exactly as depicted on the web site. The lobby was not fancy, but had nice sofas and chairs. We loved it there!  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jemimagold
<Content>It is true - you get what you pay for! We stayed here because Expedia offered a stay 3 nights, get 1 free special so it seemed like a good deal - especially given the much-vaunted cozy, Wine Country atmosphere. However, the photos are not accurate and do not show you how run-down it is! The lobby (if you can call it that) has no mention of the Vintage Court hotel so at first when you walk in, you are not sure where you are. No one greets you except for the valet service for the French restaurant next door who want to park your car for $39 per night. Also the stark white walls and motel chairs in the lobby are depressing and uninviting. Come on people - for $3000 you can at least paint the walls a warm tan color, buy some comfortable easy chairs at Pottery Barn and pile some apples in big rustic wooden bowls from Pier One and then it will look like something in the wine country ..... Anyways, people are also traipsing constantly through the lobby because it has the only bathroom for the fancy French restaurant on the other side of the wall (apparently unconnected to the hotel).... The rooms are small and depressing, as are the bathrooms. It just felt seedy to me- the carpet was cheap and dark green and the decoration was poor quality framed prints (like the kind in calendars) of random vineyards in Napa. It is a shame because if they spent a little money to brighten the place up, this could be a true find. I will not stay here again unless that happens.   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value Most decent hotels in the Nob Hill/Union Square go for at least $160-180 a night, not including the cost of parking. I stayed here for $120 a night, which included the cost of parking. Simply put, that's an unbeatable value for the quality of the hotel and the location, just beside the Powell cable car line at the foot of Nob Hill.Now, I will grant that this is not a luxury hotel--the bathrooms are a bit old-fashioned (but spotless), but the rooms are spacious by San Francisco standards and have luxurious touches. The linens have a high-thread count and are quite soft, the pillows are equal to what you'd get at more expensive hotel, and the bedding and furnishings have a modern decor. (The lobby also was renovated in a very tasteful manner.)I had a chance to compare my room to a room at the Chancellor (a hotel just down the street, where my in-laws were staying). The room at the Chancellor was half the size, the furnishings were out-dated and stuffy, and the room was almost twice the price!No doubt--the Vintage Court is a GREAT value!  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>VIntage Court - Great Smaller Hotel We just got back from a four night stay at the Vintage Court. I could not agree with the previous post less. Our room, which was on the fourth floor and faced Bush Street, was *very* nice. One king size bed. There was a bay window with a window seat. The room was smaller than newer hotels, but had two full size chairs in addition to the king bed. The wallpaper, linens and carpet were all in good shape. Nothing tattered or torn. I don't think the decor was *new*, but it was redone fairly recently. The bed linens were terrific, as was the bed. The bathroom was small, no doubt about it, and had dated tile and fixtures. No tub, just a shower. It was very clean, however, as was the room and rest of the hotel. The location is very convenient, only two blocks from the Chinatown entrance on Grand Street. Walking distance to North Beach (which we did, and had a great Italian dinner). Two blocks from Union Square, 1/2 block to Powel Street Cable Car stop. Great location. Loved it. There is a noticeable street noise, but I expect that when in a downtown area of a large city. The wine reception was a nice touch, too...  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tatty and tired but friendly The Vintage Court is in serious need of a makeover. We found the rooms tatty, worn and out-dated. The bed was terrible! The reception area is by far the nicest part of the hotel.However, the staff were friendly and polite and the wine tasting is fun. Also the free breakfast is a pleasant start to the day.Good location for exploring Nob Hill and beyond to quayside areas.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Price, Great Location, Nice Clean Hotel I stayed here for three nights in March and wished I stayed here the whole time. It was a convenient location close to shopping and China Town. The staff was friendly and the room clean and not too small with high ceilings. Nice comfortable room compared to some of the more modern hotels I would choose this one. Get an inside room though, because I imagine the traffic noise in the am could be loud out there.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and good deal for the money We found a great multi-night rate on Expedia for the Hotel Vintage Court, and it turned out to be just fine for the money (about $95/night with tax). Location is hard to beat -- close to Union Square and Nob Hill, and along the Powell St. cable car lines with easy access to Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach. When we arrived, the lobby was under renovation so we didn't get to enjoy the complimentary wines the first two nights, and the breakfast was moved up to the 8th floor. (Breakfast was coffee/tea, juice and muffins each day.) However, we took advantage later in our stay. Our room was small, probably one of the smallest in the hotel, with an odd bathroom configuration, but it worked fine for us. We would have liked a coffeemaker and could have done without the overpriced honor bar, but everything else was good, including the friendly housekeepers and front desk clerk Bader. With all the great hotels in the city, it's hard for us to say we'd return to Vintage Court, but with the location, we would recommend it to others if they could get a room for a similar price (the Ritz-Carlton is just around the corner for 4X the price!).  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Digit
<Content>Loved the muffins We stayed here for a week. Staff were friendly and very helpful, especially the cleaning ladies. The morning muffins and coffee were a pleasant surprise as was the evening wine (although it was very cheap tasting). The room was very clean and exactly as descibed on their web site, although there was an odour on our floor (2nd). Location was spot on close to cable car and union square. Hotel was excellent value for money and as you would expect a 3 star hotel to be. We would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too many screw-ups! The hotel is well situated and nicely decorated. The staff, however, screwed up so badly I would seriously hesitate staying there again. They failed to set my wake-up call (after I had called them 3 times to get it straight!), booked me for the more expensive town car when I had specifically requested a taxi, and then tried to send away the taxi I had timed-called for a 4 am airport run (fortunately the driver insisted). The final straw was discovering they've charged me for an extra night after I had left town!Nice people (always ready to say So sorry!), but loads of incompetence here. One mistake is understandable, two is forgivable, but these people are beyond the pale! They've now told me I'll have to deal with their billing people during working hours if I have a problem with the charges.The wine is nice, but next time I'll go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ssoliz
<Content>Stay Here My wife and I stayed here after I returned from Iraq and I have to tell you, I think we made a great choice. The price was great, and it was within walking distance to Union Square, Chinatown and just about everywhere we wanted to go (it was even half a block away from the cable car). I know that it is tough making a decision on a hotel off of a website with a multitude of reviews, but this place I highly recommend for all.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Value -- Great Staff, Noisy yet all hotels in SF are! Don't pay attention to other reviews, stay here! Rate was unbelievably low -- service was like visiting your family, completely pet friendly, NON-smoking is a major bonus, small rooms but aren't all boutique hotels small? -- noisy street but what do you expect from being downtown? Atleast the hotel is on Nob Hill away from those pesky panhandlers! Wine hour is perfect way to drink free wine and hang out with some new friends. Definitely will return.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hey, I liked the place I booked four nights at the Vintage Court after finding the listing at expedia. After booking I panicked after reading some of the negative reviews on this site. However, nothing can be further from the truth. The hotel is in a great location. I found the staff extremely friendly. My room was large, well appointed and, as it faced a side street, quiet. The Hotel doesn't claim to be the Ritz. It is, however, comfortable, clean and decently appointed. I think its great value and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wes1236195
<Content>would stay again! we spent our 10 year anniversary here. Loved the place. Clean rooms, comfortable beds and friendly staff. The front desk set up a rental car for us with no problems. Perfect walking distance to chinatown, northbeach and downtown. We would definitly stay here again. Great room for the price!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jen_h_fl
<Content>Loved It After reading the reviews on this site, I was terrified of my choice, but had already paid in full through Expedia. The hotel turned out better than I expected and I completely relaxed. Room was charming, although it was the absolute smallest hotel room that I have ever stayed in, and the bathroom was really itty bitty!Didn't have much contact with the staff, but what contact I did have was pleaseant. I arrived at the hotel at 11 a.m. was allowed to check in, which helped me enjoy a full day in San Francisco without worrying about check in times, etc.I took Bart from the airport and highly recommend it over taking a $40 or more taxi ride.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, nice hotel! We picked up a great deal at the Vintage Court and were impressed with what we recieved. The hotel is in a great location, very central and convenient to Union Square, Chinatown and cable cars. The rooms were smallish but were very well decorated and cosy- we certainly had no problems with smelly rooms and while we had some streetnoise, overall this wasnt a major problem. We found the staff to be courteous and professional but not overly friendly. Given the great price we secured, I would recommend this hotel to family and friends.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rb4yg
<Content>Excellent for the price Nice hotel with friendly staff. Air conditioning turned out to be very important; I ended up in a rare SF heatwave. The room is in need of some very minor things (e.g. small tile missing in corner of bathroom floor), but nothing to negatively impact my stay. Comments on this site about noise from garbage pickup are greatly over stated. It happened only twice while I was there and wasn't very noisy and was after nine in the morning.I would stay here again, if the price is still reasonable.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely First Class I was really afraid of coming to this hotel - I booked it and then looked at the comments on this site.THIS IS A FANTASTIC HOTEL - great location. It does not smell at all - the rooms are so comfy - the pillows are just right - great wine every evenings complimentary. This is a top hotel and could not have been better. We are really glad that we are spending 8 nights here - Keri and Dawson Harrhy  
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mmgoode
<Content>Enjoyed the Location!!!!! We stayed in the Vintage Court for two nights. At first we weren't too sure about the accomodations but after the first night we realized we made the best choice. The location is great. We were able to walk anywhere we wanted to go. There's a great Pizza place on the next block that is great!!!! We will stay here again and would recommend this hotel to friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and not stinky at all!! We were very happy we had chosen this hotel. It was very well situated, 2 min.'s walk from Union Square only and well located to take the Cable Car to Fisherman's Wharf and other locations. We arrived in the hotel on Sept. 2nd for two nights and didn't remark anything at all about the smell the previous rater is complaining about. If you want a new hotel with the same good location I think you need to spend much more money. Very good value for the money I would say (we only paid $76/night!!), great location and very friendly staff! Keep up! An  Gert  
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More like the "Stinkage Court" We had a rather disappointing stay -- the hotel smelled very badly from start to finish and no amount of open windows or AC could get rid of the stench of mildew and just old hotel smell. The carpet looked to be 50 years old and the window seat they promised would be in our room was most certainly not. The a fan in the window AC unit was broken and rattled, on and off, the entire 48 hours of our stay. The bathroom was not very clean and we found strands of hair in both the bathroom and on the food in the mini-bar basket. The staff was pretty nice and the location good for our needs -- but for $10 more, we would have preferred to have stayed at the Hotel Rex or Hotel Triton, both within a 2-4 block radius. I think the website pictures must be from 5-10 years ago, because this actual hotel looked a lot more run down. Oh well.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>senorojo
<Content>A toast to a great location The hotel has a unique charm the reflects the unique charm of the city. The room decor is indeed as pictured. It is not a four star but it is way above other hotels in the same price range I have stayed in San Francisco. The bathroom, while not luxurious, was ample in size, very clean, and retained some classic detailing. Never had problem with noise and staff was friendly and helpful. It is located close enough to the heart of the city, without it having some of the negativity that comes from any big city (panhandlers  crowds). I saw numerous four star hotels in San Francisco that no doubt are luxurious but who's front steps were occupied with street people. I followed the suggestion of a reviewer and self parked ( less than 300 feet from the hotel. Saved $10 a day which included in-out privileges. Thought with everything so close to the hotel, I hardly used my car. Would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good price, in above average accommodations. The daily wine reception provided a nice break from site-seeing and the opportunity to toast the Vintage Court. I also highly recommend Cafe Roxanne at the corner. good food at reasonable prices.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not perfect but still 5 stars I really liked it here and 89 dollars seemed a reasonable price to pay. The much commented on 'wine tasting' was actually more of a 'wine drinking' with plenty of people indulging in a couple of glasses. The wine is only ordinary but still nice; the white was well chilled (BA Lounges take note). It worked really well as a place to meet other tourists and compare notes.Our room was small but we weren't spending a lot of time in there. I see what other advisors mean about shabby. The hotel is definitely fraying around the edges. The shower, while reasonably powerful, was not in great order. Some of the rooms are noisy but I can't believe this is unique in a small city centre hotel.They have broadband internet access in the lobby which was convenient and not too expensive. Staff were pretty good I thought - Vincent especially was very helpful in helping us work out how our hire car worked! And Tara got us Alcatraz tickets. There was a relaxed vibe about the staff which I imagine does not go down too well if something is wrong.Location can't really be beaten. Handy for just about everywhere or, at least, transport to everywhere.They have been taken over by Executive Hotels now, let's hope they arrest the slide down the tripadvisor popularity poll!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not quite as pretty as the website I realize that when you get something for a low price it is not always a bargain. This was the case with the Vintage Court hotel. I found the staff to be very nice, but the hotel as a whole left a lot to be desired. After check-in, I proceeded to the elevator. That was the first sign that something was wrong. The smell that emitted from the elevator was quite foul. This smell followed me to my room and when I opened the door to my room it was overwhelming. The room was decorated the same as the picture on the internet, but what you could not see in the picture was the shabbiness of the room. The stains on the blanket, the metal plate over the shower faucet was dangling, the bathroom floor and tub were dirty, and the light fixture in the vanity area that took at least 2 minutes to work. I decided that even though I prepaid for three nights that I was relocating to a new hotel. The next day when I checked out early the desk clerk did not ask me why I was leaving early and in fact told me to contact Expedia to try to get part of my money back. It was as if the desk clerk had been through this before. I think your money would be better spent at a Best Western or Red Roof Inn.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location  We booked this hotel via Expedia for approx 拢50 a night and it was excellent value. The hotel is situated in an excellent location which was very close to both the Union Square main area and China Town and we always felt safe. There is a cable car stop right near the hotel which makes it very easy to get to Fisherman's Wharf and if you're feeling lazy or can't face anymore walking up and down the famous San Franciso hills, allows easy access to the main areas. The hotel itself has a friendly atmosphere and the room we had was a reasonable size with a King bed and very clean although the view was of a wall! If you are wanting something fancy or extra special then this hotel is probably not for you - try the Sir Francis Drake, Grand Hyatt or Hilton. However, if you are after a pleasant, clean hotel in an excellent location (with a complimentary wine reception every evening!) then this is the one! All in all I would definitely stay at this hotel again as the location and price (through Expedia) was excellent. Have fun!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked it! Ok, so there was left over chinese food left in our fridge from the guest's before (I hope), the valet wasn't really helpful with the luggage, and the Front Desk man was not particularly friendly........However, I liked it. The room was cute, quaint and artsy, the location was really good, and we were really comfortable there. I would stay again. They will also match any internet price if you can back it up. I thought it was a deal!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad deal if you can get it! I stayed at the Vintage Court Hotel 5/4-5/9/03. I booked via Expedia for 89/night. I was traveling alone so I didn't require anything fancy. Overall my experience was pleasant. However, the no thrills and frills of a boutique hotel left me wanting for more. In my mind I knew I was getting a great deal for a downtown centrally located hotel but I couldn't help but miss frills that larger chains offer. My room was clean but very small. Normally this wouldn't have been a problem but since I was in town on a conference I spent a lot of down time in my room. The bathroom was small and plain but clean. If you do number two the smell will linger in the room like your best friend. The wine reception is a great touch. That is if you can make it back to the hotel between 5-6. The staff is small and over worked. The night I checked in the guy at the front desk was the valet, bellboy, room service chap, and concierge, not to mention he had duties at the front desk.The only bad experience was the valet service. Avoid it at all cost. Besides it's cheaper to park your car yourself at City Park, which is located a 5-min walk away. The valet service ends at 12am which makes it inconvenient to go in and out. Since only one person works valet it can take up to 45 mins to get your car, which is, parked 5 mins away. If you start to get upset with the valet guys about the time it's taking you to get your car, they respond back act like they're doing everything possible to expedite getting you in your car. They act so polite that you're left looking like the biggest jerk ever. It's quite a show for everyone in the lobby to watch YOU get frustrated. Avoid the minstrel show and opt for self parking. I watched a beautiful blond argue with the valet about her 45-min wait. Although she had very right to be upset the valet guys made her look like a total brat. I'd stay here again  
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value If you don't want to pay more than $90 for a hotel in the city, stay here! Bathrooms aren't the newest in town but they are clean. Rooms are bigger than most older hotels in the city (bigger than the St. Francis!), and the glass door knobs are cute. Staff is limited but they try their best to handle a full hotel. If you need attention, you'll need to pay more money at another hotel. This hotel is like a self serve gas station. Perfect location -- no panhandlers like at the front doors of the hotels on Powell Street.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent room. Great location. Poor service from the desk clerk. Great location. Rooms are comfortable and nicely decorated, however the bathrooms are incredibly small. The service from the front desk clerk at check-in and check-out was poor. Next time, I will spend a few extra dollars to stay at a property with larger rooms and more amenities.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>acceptable, nothing more   showReview(1090530, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unimpressive   showReview(1076780, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2003
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just OK   showReview(1070298, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prinado
<Content>not Too shabby....just a little   showReview(1048730, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HeatherHC
<Content>Perfect place for a honeymoon   showReview(1030610, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, nice room   showReview(970475, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great location; terrific bargain   showReview(922830, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for Biz/Pleasure   showReview(907400, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A Perfect 3-Day Stay   showReview(673652, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel stay !   showReview(344009, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2001
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ubicaci贸n perfecta pero no me acab贸 de convencer   showReview(19646877, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo   showReview(19646876, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel chaleureux...   showReview(19646875, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>benko83
<Content>hotel tr猫s sympa et bien situ茅       vue depuis l'hotel  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅 dans le centre   showReview(18526185, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix et tr猫s bien plac茅   showReview(16591440, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller   showReview(16591439, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Struttura ristrutturata di buon livello   showReview(16591432, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅莽u par le d茅cor de la chambre indigne de cet h么tel   showReview(14725969, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Basajaun
<Content>Buena ubicaci贸n, excelente vino   showReview(14261243, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situation id茅ale   showReview(14725968, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel bien situ茅 dans le centre-ville   showReview(13975632, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolutely bad hotel and very dirty and never ever again   showReview(13195769, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A l'ancienne   showReview(13195768, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11301461, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne demain si je peux !   showReview(11301460, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11301459, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sasri
<Content>Ottima posizione   showReview(8516795, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto grazioso   showReview(11492854, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien   showReview(11420517, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>christoandCo
<Content>propre et bien situ茅   showReview(7556620, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix!   showReview(11411004, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tres agreable   showReview(11396794, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nettes Hotel in sch枚ner Lage   showReview(11348404, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Durchschnittliches Hotel   showReview(11348403, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gut   showReview(11348402, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel   showReview(11348401, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une bonne adresse   showReview(11333708, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

