<Author>April9632
<Content>Hotel Des Arts San Francisco       crazy lombard  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>ddnd03
<Content>Just what we were looking for! My husband and I were looking for a hotel with a great location that was affordable. This spot was way better than we expected and it was perfect for us. Since the city has so much going on, you are not going to spend a lot of time in your hotel, so don't waste your money on things you don't need. We left each morning and returned for bed. Yes, our room was small, it did get noisy around 9am, and we chose to share a bathroom a few doors down. However, I never saw anyone else use the bathroom the entire stay, we were awake before 9am (so the noise was not an issue), and the breakfast was just what we needed each morning (Odwalla OJ, toasted bagels, coffee). The staff was disinterested, but who cares? We didn't come to chit chat with anyone at the front desk. The hotel was also sandwiched between two great restaurants/cafes, across from the Chinatown arch, steps away from Union Square, the Bart (to get to the airport), and a 7-11 for late-night 'whatevers'. We would definitely stay again and I would suggest it to anyone. We saved soooo much money staying here and then we were able to focus on fun stuff - renting bikes, ferry trips, tours, amazing food, and great wine.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>gertieWellington
<Content>Absolutely fantastic art I must admit I was a little nervous after I booked finding the very mixed reviews for this hotel, but we thought it was pretty good overall. The staff on the front desk seemed to flip between extremely helpful and completely disinterested but the room itself was great. We loved the art on the walls in the hall and foyer but felt very smug with our room (and thought the art we picked for our room was the best by far!!). The hotel was however, pretty noisy. I am not sure if we were just unlucky but there seemed to be a lot of noise just from other rooms (no street noise) - it was almost like being at boarding school - you could hear every conversation!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Sunntigschind
<Content>That's San Francisco! I need to admit - I LOVE San Francisco - so maybe my opinion isn't a 100% objective.But if you love San Francisco for the same reasons as I do, you definitely wanna stay at this place. The standard rooms aren't too spacious, but clean - which is true for the whole hotel. There's a big TV in each room and the artworks on the wall (and in the closet in our case) are just amazing. It's like living in an art-gallery. So, it's not a luxurious place - but the atmosphere is great and it's very san fran.The staff's ok - nothing special, but I wasn't here for the staff anyway. Located just half a block away from the China Town Gate you're in the midst of everything. What else can you ask for?So, we were very happy with it and got great value for our money. We will stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>JSNsquared
<Content>Unique - OK hotel       Our hotel room  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>richb2
<Content>Miserable room Disclaimer: I am used to staying in three-star hotels. It's been a while since I stayed in a two-star hotel like this.I didn't get a decent night's sleep the entire four nights I was here. It was miserable and I will never stay here again.The worst was the mattress. It was hard and uneven, with hills, valleys, and springs everywhere.There was no desk lamp. I had a hard time seeing my work area with only the room light behind me (with my body casting a shadow on the work in front of me.) The desk was attached to the wall, so there was no way to fix this.There was no vanity light in the bathroom. The old sink had two separate faucets, making warm water impossible to get. This made shaving extremely frustrating.There was also no vanity counter in the bathroom... not even a shelf, so no place to set toiletries. The hot water faucet shut off if you turned it on too quickly. The toilet would not flush properly. When it did, it would run all night until you jiggled the handle about 50 times. There was a giant glob of dried toothpaste on the wall when I checked in. It was still there when I checked out.There were no bed-side lamps, nor a switch to turn off the room light from the bed. The bed also had nice, sharp corners, so it's no surprise that I cut my foot badly on the bed trying to find it in the dark.The art on the walls is nice, in theory. My room had a giant, scary Madonna (the pop star) head above the bed and Louis Vuitton logos everywhere else. I wouldn't call it art so much as generic gay-themed copyright infringment.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, unless they seriously update the place by replacing the mattresses, adding some lamps, and completely gutting and re-doing the bathrooms.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>giuyhjjkl
<Content>Stuffy, Small and Overpriced From the pictures on the web site I thought this was going to be a funky, boutique hotel. It turned out to be more like a funky youth hostel. The rooms were furnished with stained, office carpeting, a desk, mini refrigerator and a queen platform bed low to the ground. You get the feeling that you are staying in someone鈥檚 dorm room. The mural walls and themed rooms are funky but in the small space it makes you feel uncomfortable and chaotic. Bathrooms are minuscule and the rooms are very stuffy and hot 鈥?there is no air conditioning and no ceiling fan. You can hear absolutely everything going on in the other rooms 鈥?especially if you leave your window open for air, which directly faces someone else鈥檚 window. The location is good 鈥?right in front of Chinatown. However, there are many hotels to choose from in the same area. For 175 bucks a night this hotel was extremely disappointing. It really put us in a bad mood during our trip. For 225 a night we moved to the Fairmont down the street and had a gorgeous room facing the bay. The switch was the best 50 bucks I鈥檝e ever spent.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>ATLmike
<Content>Great San Fran Experience       Room  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Ivt
<Content>Noisy and not so cool artwork We stayed for one night at this hotel hoping for a good night sleep before going camping at teh northern californian coast. So, first of all artwork was not too impressive, especially in our room -- simply patches with different color, what I can imagine doing in 15 minutes or so. Room was small, smelled badly. Some hair in the shower. We decided to open the window (otherwise it is sealed and there is no AC), but the internal window frame just fell inside the room. So, I was not able to close it back well enough. At this point I did not realized how bad this was. But I realized it when at around 4 am in the morning awful noise started (it was not noise actually -- It was like someone was shooting a shortgun in my ear -- they were collecting smth like 10-20 grabage urns). This guy in the truck was too lazy to leave the truck and move the bins, so he was just pushing them around with his truck. Then an hour later came another truck and brought beer casks for nearby pub. Doors were very thin too. So, it was one of the worst night at a hotel ever. Luckily, we had nice sleep at the tent next night. The breakfast is null. So, expecting smth nice (the hotel was recommended by Lonely Planet), we were very dissappointed. Maybe you will be more likely if you find a room facing not to the pub and not to the back street with garabage bin. The only positive side is location: conveniently close to Union sq etc.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ghram
<Content>Stamp: Approved Friends came to visit and stayed here. Great value. The building is older but the price is right and the atmosphere is great. Art lines the hallways as well as the lobby. Real art, not hotel art. The girl checking me in joked that the three paintings currently in the lobby were representations of the front desk staff. The style is no frills, but not as you're not checking into the Hyatt. It's in a good location, near Union Square. Reminds me of a NY style hotel.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>GlobeTrotter2000
<Content>Excellent Location near Union Square My husband and I recently returned from a three-night stay at the Hotel Des Arts. The location is great! It's only three blocks away from the Montgomery BART station and just a few blocks from the MUNI lines and buses. There are many cafes, restaurants, bars and GREAT shopping in all price ranges nearby -- and it's two blocks from the gate to Chinatown! It's also a short walk from the SFMOMA. A+ for the location! The hotel is very cool - numerous paintings line the hallways on each floor - many for sale -- as well as in the lobby. We enjoyed walking around and checking out the art. The staff was very helpful and accommodating with maps, bus lines and restaurant recommendations. They were always available when we had to be buzzed in from the street as well. Our room, which cost about $360 for three nights, had a private bathroom. We loved the style and the mural on the wall [the DeRosa room]. It was simple and clean but small. Since we didn't plan to spend a lot of time there, it was fine. On the down side, it faced the backs of buildings and we got the exhaust from a nearby restaurant which woke us up on a couple of occasions. The hotel also didn't have any type of temperature controls for the air and there was no ceiling fan so we had to sleep with the windows open. It was not ideal since the windows didn't have screens and bugs and flies came into the room.I would recommend this hotel for young travelers and couples. It's not a place that I would suggest if you are older or have difficulty with stairs as they are very narrow and steep - and the elevator is very small. But, for the price - in that part of the city -- you really can't beat it or complain too much.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>PossReview
<Content>Please stop spray painting during the night! For the art and the funkiness, this hotel is terrific - and no wonder it has good reviews on its website - they are commenting on the concept and the art, but I imagine these people didn't stay there! The staff were friendly enough, but the biggest problem was noise and fumes from painting during the night! Yes, seriously, listening to a spray can being shaken every 30 seconds while the reception walls are repainted with paint fumes coming under the door is NOT the best way to treat your customers from 2am to 6am. You could also hear people speak next door and in the hallway; something being unwrapped each night at 4am ( large quantities of plastic???) and coffee being organised at 6am. Sleep was not easy to come by -but for the sake of the terrific painted rooms and cleanliness, maybe its worth it. If you do stay, get your breakfast early while there is orange juice, coffee, bagel and space available. All except the bagels tend to run out. The position is avery good - so close to Chinatown the California St cable car and the union square shops.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Sandy-n-Ron
<Content>Funky and very San Fran San Francisco hotels can be very $$..this one is a decent price, but not for everyone. Narrow stairs  small old style elevator....Not much of a breakfast either....Now,Good stuff: very cool artwork...different in each room and each floor has it's own theme. Convienent to Chinatown and the Art Academy is across the street. Overall...not bad for the price.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>tripwiz
<Content>Not my favorite Great location but a very small elavator that was difficult to manage with a stroller. The rooms were clean but very small. I did not love the late night party that occured in the room two down from ours.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	2	3	2	

<Author>sasthije
<Content>so-so experience Location is good, bordering Chinatown, walking distance to the Embarquadero, but can be noisy when dumpsters are emptied at 4 am in the alley below, or from the agreeable bar next door, the Irish Bank. Was first assigned to the Unabomber Cabin room, which was kind of funky at first -- until we realized there was no place to put any of our stuff. Agreeable staff moved us to another room, but all quite small. Try to get one with a closet; otherwise there's no place for your stuff. Staff is nice and friendly; we passed on the minimal breakfast and went around the block to a great bagel place. We paid $169 a night, and $199 on Sat night, which we thought was a lot for what we got; would probably have liked it more if we had paid less.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>ShivandAnt
<Content>Great central hotel We booked this on the San Francisco website and got a great deal of about $60 a night. First of all we stayed in a room without a bathroom. This was painted great and we loved it. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. The toilet and shower were nearby and they were basic but clean.We travelled about a bit and came back to stay at the hotel again. This time we booked a room with a bathroom. I've got to say it was smaller and not painted as nicely as the original room but the shower room was lovely and very modern. Unfortunately were were backing onto the largest St. Patrick's day party which started at 6am but we managed to get some sleep. We really liked the breakfasts which were basic, bagels, cream cheese, yoghurts, muffins, fruit juice tea and coffee and this was always fresh. The location of this hotel was great, right next to china town and has good transport links.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>happytwinsmom
<Content>Cool Idea, First of all let me say that the staff was very friendly and helpful... The hotel is one of those good idea/bad ideas. All of the art was really cool, but the rooms were not in many ways. There is no A/C, which is somewhat normal in San Francisco, although there was no circulation and the room had a bad smell because of it. There was some type of air cooling system in the bathroom, so we had to leave the door open at night. The only problem is you could hear everyone in the hotel using the restroom at every hour of the night. Yes, I woke up to hearing someone urinating. At first I thought it was my husband, but it was either the room above or below me, gross! Then at 3 or 4 in the morning the garbage truck came to pick up all the glass recycling in the courtyard below our room. There was mold in the TINY shower and the sink had two facets, one for hot and one for cold, meaning no warm water... It was like staying in a delapidated dorm room. If you want to sleep at all while in San Francisco, I suggest going somewhere else. We did... I will say the staff did thankfully not fight us breaking our reservations, I think they know it is an issue.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	5	5	1	

<Author>Tippiv
<Content>OK       Our room at the arts  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>jand007
<Content>love it! If you're a modern day artsy person, and like to travel but hate the feeling of not being cozy and hate the smell of a typical hotel then this place is it....I felt like it was my own room. The bed is comfty and cozy. The bathroom is excellently clean! I absolutely love this hotel compare to all the other hotels I have stayed in SF before...NICE, CLEAN, ARTSY, and SIMPLE...  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MhairiT
<Content>A great choice I thought the Hotel des Arts was great value for money and in a fantastic, central location. I'd definitely recommend it. I thought that my room was clean and a good size, with a private bathroom and television.My only complaint was that the sole (very old fashioned) lift died half way through my visit.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>rsupergirl
<Content>No sleep here First, there was the disturbing art all over the walls. OK, I knew from the website that there was original art in every room, so I took my chances there. Unfortunately, I lost that gamble. There was nothing restful or peaceful about the art in my suite. And I had trouble finding the light switches. Next was the really tiny, old bathroom with no counter space. But the very worst was the construction going on all through the night across the very narrow alley. ALL NIGHT LONG. This was an old building with thin walls and single pane windows, so I don't think any room in the hotel would have protected me from the noise, so I didn't bother complaining. Unless you're an insomniac, minimalist, disturbing-art lover, stay away!!!  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	-1	3	

<Author>OntheroadCanada
<Content>Scabies A friend and I stayed in a suite (room 310 at $180/night) and were horrified by the dirty condition of the room, including the foul smell. Well, it got worse since after staying there we both were diagnosed with scabies! The woman from the hotel I spoke with afterwards by phone would only note that they've had no problems, and that there is no manager or owner I might contact at this time about my complaint since they're hiring one right now. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Da-Raz
<Content>Citchy and cool... Let me start by saying that if you are looking for a high class hotel this place is not it. That being said, the rooms are adequate and quite cool. This is a boutique hotel property; each of the rooms is painted / decorated by a local pop artist. We had suite 300 which was converted from a standard room and a hostel type room (no in suite BR) into a two room suite. The 2 queen beds were clean and comfortable, I had the fold out couch / bed which was a bit lumpy but I slept well enough. The only real downer was the water pressure in the shower was not up to snuff (as last time we stayed here.) The hotels location is also a big selling point as it is near the shopping area, china town and literally 35 paces from the Irish Bank, our favorite Irish Pub in SF. If you are looking for a different hotel experience at a great SF price, this is a good choice but don鈥檛 expect the Ritz. The staff was accommodating and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>jvittle
<Content>Excellent choice!! First I looked up reviews on this hotel on this exact website, and found some good, and some bad. Since I am an artist, I thought it would be cool to stay in a Hotel where art is the main focus. Let me just tell you... this Hotel exceeded my expectations. The staff was extremely welcoming and courteous. The room was immaculate, the maid service was awesome, and the breakfast in the morning was exactly what one would need to fuel up and head out on the town. Especially the bagels!!! It is located in the heart of downtown, across from the China Town gate, a few blocks from Union Square, with everything you need only a few minutes walk away. I really couldn't ask for more seeing as how, when I travel, the last place I want to hang out is in the hotel. If you have any doubts, or heard anything negative on this hotel, take it from me, this place is perfect for the adventurous traveler. And the artwork was pretty cool too. Too bad I checked out a day before they were about to have an art opening. I'll definitely, with no doubt in my mind, stay here again! Thanks for reading.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AZ_Seasoned1
<Content>Funky but also troubled I should have known there could be issues when I couldn't find the hotel. They were undergoing changes and one of them was that they hadn't changed their name to des Artes yet. I walked up and down Bush Street until I saw the small paper sign on the door. Ah the door, you don't really walk into the lobby but an entrance where there is a tiny elevator and an even tinier stairway. Since the elevator wasn't working, I had to drag my bags up two flights just about wide enough for me and a suitcase.The selling point of the hotel was that the individual rooms are decorated by different artists. Mine either hadn't been done or the artist was a graduate of the paint by number school. But what the heck, it was reasonably clean and cheap by San Francisco standards. All I wanted was a place to shower and sleep. I did sleep until about 2 AM when it sounded like the ceiling was going to crash in on me. I jolted awake thinking it might be an earthquake. The noise continued with bangings and crashings until I couldn't stand it and walked to the lobby which was just down the hall. The young gal knew immediately what was wrong. One of the artists decided that this was a good time to decorate the room above me and was dragging and apparently throwing furniture around. She dashed up stairs and finally silence.They had a nice continental breakfast with orange juice, coffee and lots of bagels. I figured that things were looking up.The next night was peaceful. I'll admit that I enjoyed the huge old tub where I could stretch out. However, any short person or one with any kind of back or leg difficulty would not have been able to get in since you had to step in over the tall sides. And that's where the shower was so there was no option.All seemed well until I reached up onto the closet shelf to get a shirt since the room didn't have a dresser. Again, luckily I'm tall and as I reached for the shirt, I saw something. That something was a hypodermic which I can only guess was left by one of the staff cleaning the room the prior day or just dropping in to use it. It wasn't there the night before because my shirts would have pushed it to the back.I took it to the lobby and showed it to the manager who asked if I had been stuck by it. I hadn't. He said that it was San Francisco and those things happen, but didn't really seem to be that bothered. No real apology and no concern that I might have been stuck. No offer to comp the night. I guess just one of those things. I was leaving SF that morning and was just glad that I hadn't found the needle with my hand.I did write them but had no reply and had pretty much put it out of my mind, other than to never go there again, until I found my receipt today. You know, that lack of caring still bothered me. I hope that they have cleaned up their act and their rooms. But if you stay, just watch where you're putting your hands.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PlanoTripper
<Content>Good for a couple of nights After reading the reviews, I decided the price and location outweighed the noise factor. This was partly true. I wasn't really prepared for how loud emptying 18 dumpsters and 8 trashcans every morning at 3:50am would be. There was no ceiling fan or anything, so to get any air circulation required an open window. Art was very fun and almost, almost, made up for the extreme tininess of the room.As another guest said, it's a great place, but the people have no idea how to run a hotel. I couldn't put it better. The staff was very blas茅 and didn't seem particularly concerned about the guests. That said, great rate and location. If we had stayed for a couple of nights rather than a week, the negatives would have seemed more minor.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Guillaumelevoyageur
<Content>Could have been much better I had the pleasure last year to visit my cousin in LA.Of course, I decided to spend 3 days in San Francisco. Unfortunately, I had to book my hotel without trip Advisor. L'Hotel des Arts is quite expensive for what it is...The location is perfect but that's all. I hope to go back in SF and I will book my hotel with Tripadvisor...  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	2	3	

<Author>deyon01
<Content>Headlice!!!!!!!! I've never had headlice in my life until I stayed at theHotel des Arts!!! After checking the website, I thought this would be a fun different hotel experience, but I got no sleep due to construction that started at 6am everyday. The maids didn't change the sheets, the toilet leaked, and I had to keep my bags in the unsecured lobby for 3 hours before checking in. Two weeks after I arrived home, I discovered I had headlice. The pharmacist told me, it takes approximately two weeks to notice you are infected. If you haven't had lice, this is very NASTY and a tedious process to get rid of the lice. I will NEVER stay there again and warn anyone who may be considering staying to stay AWAY!!!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>azarashi
<Content>we definitely got more than we paid for.... this boutique hotel was just perfect for me and my wife..on our travel to San Francisco in June of this year..we precisely looked for an inexpensive but clean place to stay..something near china town and the union square..and hotel des arts was just right...walking distance to everywhere we wanted to go to. the staff were accomodating . oh yes, next time we go back to san francisco we will try and stay there again. by the way, the paintings in the lobby and in our room were an added bonus. ...a refreshing sight after a tiring day of going around and shopping.thanks.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bohonomad
<Content>Central location but rude service You cant beat the central location of the hotel for the price you pay. Rooms and linen are clean. HOWEVER with the cheap price comes cheap service. The staff are down right rude. I got the impression that we werent cool enough because we werent starving artists. If you asked a question you were answered in mono syllables and depending on who was working you got a different response. We had an evening flight and needed to leave our bags at the hotel for the day. One person said you can leave your luggage in a locked room after check out, another said you could but the room wouldnt be locked. We left it in a locked room which seemed safe. If they employed friendlier staff this hotel would be much better.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>tomboywonder
<Content>Awesome!!!! we are currently travelling across the usa and booked hotel des arts as our san francisco home for 6 days. The decoration is pretty amazing in the rooms and the rest of the hotel is nice too. We saved some cash and opted for a room with shared bathroom, which turned out great as it seemed everyone else had gone for en suite rooms so the shower and loo were always fresh, clean and available. The self service breakfast of muffins, bagels, yoghurt, tea, coffee and juice was a great start to the day and there is no problem taking a tray full up to your room for breakfast in bed. Our room was very clean with a tv, microwave and fride and even had a window that opened (rare on the 5th floor in the US we have found!!).Staff were helpful and booked our airport shuttle and made phonecalls for us to book other things too.overall we would stay here if we pass through SF again and would reccommend it to anyone looking for a good location (between chinatown, union square and the financial district) which is walking distance to the sights and good value for money.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>a1b2c3d455
<Content>Bug infested dump This hotel has much potential, unfortunately management has done nothing but raise its prices to capitalize upon their recent publicity. We arrived to find out they have no baggage cart and that the workers are extremely rude and unwilling to help. (Especially the red head) Next, we found a bug in our bed ( a little roach) and one in the room. The TV had about five channels and was stored in a cabinet whose door didn't stay open, the fridge couldn't really be called a fridge. It was a box with a block of ice in it and did not cool the bottle of water we put in it. The temperature of the fridge was warmer than that of our room. Seeing this, we went downstaris to get ice from their ice machine. (There are no ice buckets available in the rooms so thank god we had a plastic bag with us.) We arrive at the ice machine only to find out that the majority of the ice is melted. We have to scoop water and ice, drain the ice, then dump it in our plastic bag. At this point we should have left, but decided to torture ourselves more. Now we go to shower... there is an old shampoo bottle on top of the shower and looks like old soap on the wall. Definitely wear shower slippers or you'll catch something. Their carpet is old and stained and who knows how often they clean their showers. In the morning we were awaken at 630 by construction workers drilling non-stop until about 845. Although the art inspired rooms are beautiful unless you're paying less than $100 per room, go somewhere else. There are many other hotels around the $110 range that we've stayed at in SF which have provided much better service in a CLEAN atmosphere.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Schlofin
<Content>Awesome!!! Wonderful is all I can say about this hotel... A little quirky but exactly what I wanted from a small SF hotel. Great freindly staff. Rooms are a little small but who cares it is just a bed to sleep in and a shower right? I stayed here a week and loved it! Will be returning in June 2007 with my partner.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>QFinternational
<Content>highly recommended - original and very affordable!! I stay in hotels at least 6 months of the year, they are mostly 4 or 5 star established hotels, so i can be particular. My final two weeks of my trip to USA was spent in San Fran and I spent the final week at hotel Des Art - a cute art gallery/hotel with so much character and originality that I always felt at home even if i didnt have my own kitchen. I was pleasantly suprised to find a few little creature comforts I wasnt expecting, like a microwave or flat screen tv. Over the 7 nights I changed rooms 3 times as my original booking was to have only been two nights but this hotel did its best to accomadate me so much that I extended my stay for an extra week. Each room had an enticing effect as they were each decorated and styled by a different artist - work painted directly onto the walls brought the space to life - having so much originality and knowing each time I went down to reception i found an open friendly employee willing to help me with anything I needed made my stay in san fran exceptional. Even my wireless computer worked which is a first in 2 years! Thanks to everyone in particular Hero who really made the stay so welcome and really affordable - Cheap actually - thank you all.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>craigelderfield
<Content>different but no more than a 2star experience The proposition was very good after a stay in a Vegas hotel - each room painted by a different local artist. You can even pick your own room, and all of the pieces available to buy at the hotel, make it a warmer and origional offering. The location I have to say is perfect, not too far up the hill, and right next to the financial district, waterside, shopping, chinatown and North Beach. Really good spot to stay. The rooms are small but nice enough, and I have to say it was due to a one off experience that ruined it for me - bed bugs. Could happen anywhere but it happened here. The service wasnt great on top of this, but we did get moved to a nicer and bigger room. This just put a dampener on the trip, as did the lift being painted and not working when we left with our big bags. There is a breakfast at least. Although I have seen much better in a hostel. Served in a cramped little room, it is quite a demeaning experience. Overall its a good idea, just could have done with more thought, and no bed bugs. At least its cheap.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	5	2	3	1	2	

<Author>brandg56
<Content>It is what it is. My mom would not set one foot in this place. As for me I love the Hotel Des Arts. It reminds me of my dorm room when I was an art student in Brooklyn, NY. An ancient building alive with character, the art on the walls, the creaky floors and the claw-foot bathtub 鈥?this is the Hotel Chelsea of the west coast. It made me want to be creative again.But for all you non-artists, the Hotel Des Arts, like many moderately-priced hotels in SF, is for the tourist who spends days and nights sightseeing and desires a room to wash up and catch a few zzzzzs. If you want luxury accomoations and a smiley-faced staff, reserve a room at the Mark Hopkins. But you'll be forced to stay in your room as there will be little left over in your travel budget for sightseeing and dining :)HDA rocks!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>wkendgirl
<Content>Such a unique hotel I LOVE THIS HOTEL.....it's very artsy  european!!!!! the whole concept of this hotel is amazing. they showcase the art work form a lot of different artist from all over the world. they are located in the heart of UNION SQUARE.....everything is walking distance  CHINATOWN is just across the street.hotel price is so affordable; parking is available  not too expensive at all. staff is friendly  good service.i would definitely go back  stay at this hotel!!!celeste  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>owlsongs
<Content>Dirty Dirty Dirty This place is disgustingly dirty. The shared bathrooms are dorm room style toilets with no sinks. They were covered in human filth and the toilets were clogged with feces every time I went to use the facilities. I was booked for 2 nights and left after one. This place is a joke - plus, it's in a sucky part of town - there' s nothing to do in that neighborhood after 9pm.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	3	2	3	

<Author>gogoLa
<Content>Bad service Room is ok, but service ranks was 0.Do not give them your credit card!!!!Though I made reservations from the homepage of the hotel, the reservation did not let you confirm it on that day. Without explanation, I am going to pay deposit from credit without permission. I do not give the receipt either. Our bags before checking in have kept in the corridor of the front desk. The Internet is not connected by a room, too.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Adrenalina101
<Content>Never again!! Well maybe it is a different hotel.. but for me it was a terrible choise, room full of skulls all kind, so scary... no closet, tv updated, very noisy.. al night were the dumpers picking the garbage downstairs, elevator sucks.. un friendly.. everything was a disaster.. it was like a nightmare.. I hope that never happen again.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Markatie
<Content>Good Value and great location We recently stayed at this location for 1 night. The room was clean, small, yet funky decor. The room was 306 and faced the back side of the building and was quiet. We aslo had our own bathroom. Front desk was helpful and courteous. Last year we stayed at Park Place which was one block over and Hotel des Arts was far better. For the price we felt like this was very good value for San Francisco. We recommend this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>houghielizzie
<Content>A shame we finished a two week holiday here for 2 nights after spending 8 nights at the Hotel Beresford near Union Square, then 3 down the coast in Monterey.Basically, it's a shame. The Art is great, location good, price good, and it's 'funky' - you will remember staying here. But - The room smelt of sweat, and smoke. We had rooms with no bathroom but that was ok because the shared showeroom was clean, so why was the room so bad? Don't know. It's up to the owners to keep an eye on this. It could be really excellent as a different, unique memorable place to stay, but i would say - A couple of nights only, not for kids, not for oldies, can be a bit noisy at night and be open minded.We did enjoy it, but a hotel of any size, location, star rating etc should get its basics right - cleanliness.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>catonsviller
<Content>A pleasant surprise at the Hotel des Arts We reserved a room at the Hotel des Arts after seeing it recommended in a New York Times article. We were a little apprehensive about it. After all, what can you expect for $99 a night in San Francisco?We were very pleased with our experience. The room was clean, quiet, and comfortable. The location was great. And the breakfast was a plus, with good coffee and muffins, bagels, and yogurt.After staying at so many cookie-cutter hotels with the same trite pictures on the walls, it was a pleasure to stay in a room that had been spray-painted by a New York graffiti artist and to see work by other young artists in other parts of the hotel.We would most definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrmrLondon
<Content>lovely!       Our room - doesn't do it justice!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Manuela-7
<Content>Art yes, bad service - rather not We recently spenty 2 nights at the Hotel des Arts in San Francisco. The location is very convenient. We knew it would be an adventure andeither you like the art or you do not like it. Ok, we did not like the art in our room that much, but that was part of the fun or risk factor. What we did not like though, is the rather untrained and unfriendly staff at the reception (please read the previous reviews and you get exactly the description how we felt treated), this does not include the cleaning ladies who were really nice and friendly! The hotel is not very well kept and reminds more of a hostel than a hotel. I do not understand how such a great idea of exposing art from different artists (we still love the idea!) also unfortunately implies that the hotel is rather run-down? That was the biggest disappointment as the rooms were rather shabby (beds were ok tough!). Watch out when onloading your luggage, you have to park in front of the hotel entrance door and not in the designated parking spots on each side. We had our car there for 5 minutes and got a 60 USD fine.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	3	5	

<Author>chucklebelly
<Content>Saved by the front desk gal!       The art  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>charck
<Content>These guys must have stayed at a different place - I loved it!       The room  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>travelbug356
<Content>Worst hotel we've ever seen! Our experiece echoes so many of these other reviews. The hotel just sucked! No parking. A hideous art installation that resembled a spew of food poisioning on the walls. No dresser. Archaic bathroom with more mould than you could imagine. A sagging mattress. Arrogant staff at reception. Cramped quarters. An elevator that punked out and forced us to lug bags up and down the old stairs. Windows that wouldn't open. Blinds broken. A view of a garbage littered center yard. Breakfast a wipeout. Don't be fooled by the art talk....shop around and spend your hard-earned travel dollars elsewhere folks!  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rwells138
<Content>I was embarassed. After a few years of reading about this hotel in art mags, blogs, etc., I decided to give it a shot. Not because of price... not even because of location. More based on the circumstances around the artists rooms and the fact that it was something different than the hotels I normally stay at while traveling. I was excited about what I felt was a great opportunity to take my wife to a cool hotel. We have a piece of art from Dave Kinsey, so I thought it would be nice to request (months in advance) the Dave Kinsey painted room.Like many of the other guests who have posted reviews, our room was not ready when we arrived. Perhaps I was wrong to assume that the room they were preparing was the Dave Kinsey room. We took the walk of shame, like many before us. At least we were in San Francisco.When we returned - and dragged our bags up 3 flights of stairs - we opened our door to find that we were not in the Dave Kinsey room. I will save the room details, but everyone else that has posted a review has done a perfect job. My fault... apparently if they lose reservations, what are the odds of actually getting the first OR second room choice request. We only saw one other guest the entire time we were there, so I cannot image both were already booked.Fortunately noise was never an issue. However, we had two artists spray painting the walls outside our window for hours. The fumes completely engulfed the room. We lacked the energy to complain knowing it probably meant dragging our bags up more stairs. Besides, I would never want to upset the front desk guy. He was way too busy being the worst hotel front desk guy in the world. Unbelievable. One thing to note... I have noticed a number of 'Managment Responses' on here. Something tells me that the guy posting the management responses is actually the guy most of us have the issue with. I was there a week ago and did not notice any of these improvements going on.After returning, I found myself at a restaurant talking about our vacation and the hotel experience. I kid you not... the bartender said You did not stay at the Hotel Des Arts did you? I told him yes, and he replied You should have told me that is where you are staying. I would have warned you. They should consider changing the name to 'Hostel des Arts'.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hoveactually
<Content>Art is great but rooms poorly maintained and staff unfriendly We arrived after having flown in from New Zealand so were tired and looking forward to checking in to the hotel. We were a couple of hours early and the room was not ready yet so we reluctantly left our bags and went for a walk. On first impressions, the hotel reception was funky but the girl behind the desk was quite surly - not at all welcoming. We returned to the hotel a couple of hours later to check into our room. We were looking forward to a nice shower and a rest. The room had a very loud generator outside the window and the toilet broke when my boyfriend flushed it. When we phoned reception about the broken toilet, they sent someone to have a look but he was unable to fix it (didn't seem to try very hard). When I said that I wasn't very happy with my experience of the hotel so far and was considering going elsewhere, the receptionist did not seem concerned or make much effort to be helpful. She was going to move us to a room with a shared bathroom but after I insisted that we wanted our own bathroom, we were moved to another room which was not much better than the first. The bathroom was tiny and run down with no room to move and it had a bath with a plastic shower curtain and a toilet. There was a grubby sink in the bedroom. At least this room did not have generator noise but when we tried to open the window to get some air, the window would not stay open- we had to jam something in it. None of the power sockets worked. I had an adapter plug which I knew had worked in other places. When I asked reception if it was a problem that they were aware of, she said no and suggested that I go and buy another adapter plug.On the positive side... the bed was fine - comfortable enough and with plain white bedding. The art was good. I don't think that just getting artists to paint the walls is enough though - the rooms are in desperate need of renovation. OK, it is not overly expensive but I would still expect something better than what I got for that price.The building itself is very old and quite beautiful. The location (in the French Quarter) is great with some fantastic French restaurants and cafes nearby. With a little renovation and some friendly service, this hotel could be great.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>kiwififi
<Content>I liked it I'm a solo female traveler and I found Hotel des Arts perfectly adequate. The location is excellent and my room was just fine for the amount that I was paying. I shared a bathroom - which was always clean. My bed was comfortable and warm. Sure the room didn't have a great view, the lift was small, and the carpet was worn in places. But what do you expect for the very reasonable rates? I actually really liked the art and my room was particularly cool. It was nice to come home to after a long day exploring this fabulous city. The breakfast was bagels, spreads, juice, tea or coffee. Great if you're keen on saving $. If you don't like it then go to one of the many nearby cafes or soulless big name coffee houses. This is a great budget option and I would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>ruthie923
<Content>Adequate accomodations, good price Hotel des Arts is in a very old building with very old carpets and a very old elevator. The rooms are clean but not squeaky clean (i.e. I found an old bar of dried up soap under the bathtub- how long had it been there?!). The bathrooms are small, whether you have your own or share. The tubs are claw-foot without spots to set your shampoo, etc. The wash basin is in the sleeping area and also small and old fashioned. The staff is unfriendly, but not exactly rude. There are major positives here though. Many of the rooms have a frige and microwave, which was really convenient on a week long stay. The art is contemporary and interesting and EVERYWHERE. Every wall/ door of our room was painted and we really enjoyed it. There was a small closet in the room. The location is perfect. The breakfast is meager, but available every morning and FREE- an easy thing to grab a coffee and bagel in the AM, head back upstairs and get ready for the day. The bed was comfortable as were the linens. Overall, we felt like it was a great deal for the price in an otherwise expensive city. It's not fancy in any way, but many others like us (20's-30's, more interested in the city than in the hotel, appreciative of art even when it's not mainstream) seemed to be having an ok time too. Oh, we did ask for a quiet room as others have suggested and had no problem with early morning garbage collection noise. Maybe we were easy to impress after sleeping on the floor of the Grand Canyon and in a tent, freezing our butts off over the Pacific, but we'd definitely return here if the price was as good as what we paid this time.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rach212
<Content>Stay Away - Confirmed bookings DO NOT guarantee rooms! Everything horrible you've heard about this place is all TRUE! Our party of 6 had booked and received confirmed reservations 3 MONTHS before our trip in Oct for 3 rooms. After a long 20 hours flight, we arrived at the Hotel only to be informed that our bookings have mysteriously been cancelled - despite us having confirmed reservations. The unhelpful girl at reception was totally unapologetic and couldn't give an explanation of how this could have happened. All she could say was Your bookings have been cancelled. Obviously, we were a little surprised to hear that and asked by whom. Her nonchalant reply was I don't know. We were informed to cancel it and we did. How's that for service??? The worse thing was we had arrived in the midst of Oracle's biggest conference for the year and most hotels were fully booked - as the girl at reception informed us, without a single bit of apology! Thus, we spent the first few hours of our trip to the US on the phone frantically calling hotels. If you are thinking of booking a room here - think again! Go to Hotel Fusion, which we did - the folks were super helpful, even a little apologetic that they could only give us 2 rooms for 6 of us instead of 3 (which we took as it was the only decent accommodation we could find). The Hotel des Arts and its staff totally spoiled the beginning of our 3 week holiday in the US, but the Hotel Fusion and its wonderful staff gave us a memorable stay. Go there!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Hageman
<Content>Saty away from this hotel Upon arrival we encountered a very unfriendly man behind the desk and he would not change his attitude for the rest of our stay. We felt not welcome at all. We first had a room at the side of the hotel facing an alley filled with garbage containers (room 403). Every night the garbage was collected at 3.00 am and we were awake. We changed rooms. Now we were facing a big wall with other rooms of the hotel and other guests could look directly into our room because the blinds did not cover the whole window (and we could look into their rooms and baths). No daylight at all. The room was not clean, had no airco and was totally worn out, just like our first room. They've pimped the hotel with murals they called art just to cover the horrible state of the hotel. Breakfast was a laugh. Very poor. The only good thing is the location of the hotel. What a dump!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Beccakins
<Content>Horrible Hotel The rooms are rather small. While the quilt and sheets were nice, the mattress was terrible. It was very thin and gave no support!As is not uncommon in San Francisco, there was no air conditioning in this hotel. There was also no ceiling fan, etc. (i.e., no air circulation except via open window). My room the first night overlooked an alley with garbage dumpsters. The garbage trucks came at 4:30 am. Because of this, I moved to a different room the second night. From that room I would have been able to walk out onto a section of the roof. Unfortunately, so could anyone in five other rooms. Therefore, it was not safe to leave my window open for air circulation.There was no where to put soap, shampoo, etc. in the shower/tub. I finally ended up setting things on the toilet seat and had to reach around the shower curtain to get them.The elevator was small. I noticed that the last elevator inspection was in 2004 and the elevator permit had expired in 2005. (I was there in Oct. 2006.)Also, you should note that each room is painted by local artists. Some are much worse than others. The painting in my second room was quite nice, but the first room was rather scary. All in all, I do NOT recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>stlcurly
<Content>Hotel Cancelled Reservation at Last Second Knowing that San Francisco would be very busy in the middle of October, my wife and I booked our room here 2 months in advance. Eight days before our trip, we confirmed our reservation. The next day they called and said that they were under construction and could not accomodate. The hotel said we were one of three that they had to cancel. They offered no help in helping us find other hotels. Due to Fleet Week and other conventions in the city, there were only two hotel rooms left in the city (I called them all!). We ended up paying twice as much a night for a run down motel. Coincidently, we did find the hotel and stopped in - only to find NO CONSTRUCTION! It's interesting that on a busy weekend where $200/night is the going rate, our room at $100/night is cancelled.Stay at this super shady hotel at your own risk!!!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fuelonfire
<Content>A quaint hotel in SF city What a quaint hotel in the heart of San Francisco! The walls are covered in local art work, the staff is knowledgeable and helpful, the location superb. Located right infront of the China Town Gate, right next to Belden Alley, 5 minute walk to Union Square...if you want to see the city without speding a ton of money on accomodations and yet sink into the most COMFY bed, this is definitely the choice. I've stayed here every time I've come to SF and it has never let me down. It is a must stay for those budget conscious travelers. The price and location can not be beat!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>HikingGirl
<Content>Not worthy of price! From the description on their website you would think you'd be staying in an upscale, boutique hotel. It was a far cry from that. I booked a suite for a 5 nite stay. I could only get 2 beds and fridge/micro if I booked a suite. I thought the price was steep (and they raised it on weekends!) but I figured it was a suite and would be well worth it. Upon check in at the hotel the front desk person was somewhat rude and things went downhill from there. In our suite the room with the 2 dbl beds was VERY cramped. And the beds were just on elevated platforms. I felt like I was in a DORM ROOM and paying an outrageous price. The beds were NOT comfortable at all. The bathroom was even worse. So small you could hardly move AND fixtures/tub/sink were extremely old and seemed dirty. Nice old, clawfoot bathtub but that was about it. Front desk folks were not helpful at all. Original 5 nite stay went to 1 nite and booked another hotel that was much nicer and more reasonably priced.. Wasn't about to pay that kind of money for a dorm room and one that needed upgrading. Not even a dresser in either room. The hotel location is good and that is about all I can say.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>bjm11
<Content>Not impressed We stayed here for 4 nights in September. The first suite we had smelled really nasty, the artwork wouldn't look out of place in the dirty alleyway that the window faced onto and the bath leaked. We moved into another room the next morning, which the staff were very friendly about, and although it was a big improvement it was still a disappointment.The hotel, as other reviews state, is really more like an overpriced hostel in a very old building. The carpets are ancient, the rooms small, a bit grubby and the bathrooms are tiny.What you see on the website is the reception area, which is really nice, bright and clean.....the rooms are far from that.We will not be back.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Snarkhunt
<Content>Kitsch-Free Good Value               More photos  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Silvertongue
<Content>you can definitely do better We spent 3 nights in Hotel des Arts, in a shared room and it was the most disappointing accomodation experience of the 17 nights spent in the USA, including cheap road side motels, hotels, etc.It is safe and it has a great location, near Union Square and China Town, but as others before have put it, it is an overpriced dirty motel, trying to fool you with art. Some rooms may have art, and there is definitely an artistic vibe in the hotel, but our room was just a strident eye-soaring grafitti. I'd say there is more pretence than the real thing in there.The room did not have A/C and in a hot July, this was really unpleasant. The second thing that most disturbed me, is that most things in the room were old, worn-out, shady and----dirty!! The old sink was dirty, with a crust of soap and...other things and the shared shower was a disaster, I was really freaked to go inside there for a second time. I am really not the very pretentious type though:D. The hotel itself had this aura of old, worn-out, shady.The breakfast is just a broken promise, old bagels and some coffee....The staff was OK, I guess, no major issues.These were very basic conditions (CLEAN is the first thing I expect in any accomodation, before it has arts, food, ammenities and God knows what) sold at not-so-very-basic prices. We will not go there again, I am sure we can find better or cheaper accomodation. It was not the most terrbile place on earth, but the price/value was really unfair  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	3	2	

<Author>swickie
<Content>Big Disappointment What's good: Great location, comfortable enough bed. What's bad: no AC or fan in the middle of July = no sleep, walls painted in junkie crash pad Snake Pit style--a real grafitti artist would have been embarassed; black paint spashes in the toilet bowl look like--well, you know. Icing on the cake: If you go outside --you might not be able to get back in. Since Reception is on the second floor, be prepared to experience standing in the doorway like a homeless person until you're lucky enough for another guest to exit. For $109 a night plus $24 for parking, it's not such a great deal, and really disappointing as an art experience.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>indymamaof2
<Content>Wonderful stay       Madonna room  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't judge a book by its cover!!! My husband and I were travelling from Tokyo to San Francisco, then Phoenix, Arizona and on to Vancouver, Canada..back to Tokyo...this was our summer vacation, 2005.First stop, Hotel des Arts....the saying Dont judge a book by its cover..applies perfectly to this hotel..Dont be fooled by the unassuming facade...which does not do justice to what awaits you inside...We were given the suite room..and of course, it has all the amenities of an above average hotel suite...what amazed us was how they were able to come up with this unique idea of painting the walls and everything (instead of wallpapers, etc)..including the water pipes...they were all painted with coordinated designs...even the shower curtains...ha ha ha you could see they were hand-painted to incorporate the overall design of the room...it was so amusing looking at them, at the walls and the ceiling..even as you lie in bed...It has not stopped us from smiling everytime we come back from the city..The hotel location is also just perfect--walking distance to everything---and the hotel staff were so attentive to the guests...We were shown around the different rooms, and really, the paintings-motif in each room were terrific. Different motif for honeymooners and romantics, for middle-age couples (like us), for carefree tourists, etc...We have and still are travelling all over the world.. stayed in mostly big, classy hotels...but Hotel des Arts is our first experience of an artsy-boutique hotel..and the experience was unforgettable. Of course, we intend to stay there again, next trip around...Kudos Hotel des Arts....  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a mini treasure in SF I've stayed here everytime that I've travelled to SF. How can you not love the location, the art, the quirkiness, the uniqueness of this little gem of a hotel? The art fabulously showcases local artists and talents.. as all art would be, they evoke such emotions and yes raised eyebrows too. The location is prime; right by the Chinatown gate, walking distance (really safe walking area too) to Union Square, the Financial District, the Embarcadero, etc. If your intent is to stay in a resort while you visit SF, then don't stay here. If your intent is to use all the time you have to explore the 'City by The Bay' and come 'home' to a comfy bed to rest up at an incredibly economical price... then THIS HOTEL IS IT. This hotel is for the adventurers and explorers at heart.. my favorite little gem of the SF.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ses650
<Content>very good value for your money It amazes me on peoples expectations from a hotel for the price they paid. My wife and I stayed here recently and paid about $80 a night for a room with a bathroom(you can get rooms with shared baths). I guess people expect Hilton service for Motel 6 prices which IS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. For $80 a night in an expensive city like SF, $80 gets me a clean, safe, and somewhat quite hotel. I dont expect a continental breakfast, spa products for the bath, or a bell hop. I knew from the tone of the negative reviews that I had to take what they said with a grain of salt.On to the hotel.The location of the hotel is what sells it. You are right there by Chinatown and about 10 min. walk to union square. We even walked to North beach and it took anout 15-20 min.One of the best bars I've been to is just a few steps away called the Irish Bank. Great music and great beer. It was fun watching the world cup games with the mostly non-american crowd(they really get into the games and it makes soccer enjoyable!).The room was small like most SF hotel rooms. The bed was a little on the hard side, but inline with the price we paid. As was the towels and soap that the others compained about. All were in line with what we paid. It was nice to have a mini fridge in the room. We bought some cherrys on the drive up and stored them and some wine. It was nice to come back after sightseening and getting a little buzz on. It did get a little noisy in the morning because of some contruction across the street, but it did not bother us as we get out early.The front desk was easy to deal with as well. The young lady during the afternoon and evening shift was such a big help. She pointed out great resturants in the area and also pointed out the Irish Bank, which we liked very much. The others were also helpful and made checking out very easy. We checked out before 10am and we overheard a couple complain that they could not check in. Check in was at 3pm and the front desk offered to hold their luggage and they could come back. A very reasonable offer, but I guess there are many UNreasonable people out there. Who checks in at 10am anyway?? Go out for breakfast and walk around for godsake!So if you are on a budget this is a great deal. Looking to be pampered, go to Hilton or Ritz.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>god help your eyes if you get the wrong room Each room has its own art with some rooms happy and some downright depressing, Rooms are small, and hotel is very funky: you get to the reception fastest by walking a flight up otherwise taking caged elevator ride.The best thing about this hotel is that it is very well located. Clientele appeared very casually dressed, and either mid twenties with a few budget conscious old intellectual wannabees.Breakfast (wisked away by 9:30am) is spare self-sevice where by balancing a coffee bagel and plastic cup of juice on one of three plastic stools you may consider yourself one of the lucky ones.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mxm13
<Content>fun, quirky, great locale A fun, quirky hotel with the art thing as their catch. We had a suite, the beds were comfortable, but the pull out couch was so-so. Very hard to set up. Bathroom was small. The art work was funky and gave the room personality. The hotel had an intimate european feel to it, complete with a creaky old fashion cage elevator, which I liked. The big plus is location. Practically out our door was Chinatown. BART is just a few blocks away and it was an easy ride from the airport to the hotel using BART. Most everything was either a good walk, public transport, or cable car ride away. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>villagedweller
<Content>The Art is Great; The Hotel Isn't This little hotel has a great gimmick--a different artist painting each room and suite. The work is interesting and fits the rooms well, but the hotel owners seem to have decided that the gimmick is all they need.The rooms are drafty and noisy; the towels are thin; the only amenity is cheap motel 6 soap; the carpets are dingy and stained; the wireless was set up by the manager, who apparently isn't an IT person, and is erratic at best.Maid service is poor; there was no evidence that they vacuumed during the entire week of our stay; the stopper for the tub in our room was covered in black mold.I stayed in both a room and a suite. The artwork was cool, but it's a shame these artists are now associated with the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT FIND, GREAT ROOMS, GREAT LOCATION I was overall extremely pleased with this hotel. My fiance and I stayed there 2 of the 3 nights we were in San Francisco (they were completely booked the middle night). The rooms are small, but this is made up for by the beautiful art. It is amazing to stay in such a unique and beautiful place surrounded with art when most hotel rooms are identical. The rooms all felt very real - very solid, well built, etc. The location was also fantastic - right in the center of it all - near BART, shopping, trolley lines, theatres, ACROSS the street from Chinatown, and a brisk walk away from the piers and Fisherman's Wharf. I was unsatisfied with the following things, though:1. The Reservation System. This was extremely poorly set up. You can't reserve specific rooms (each is completely different, painted by different artists, and some are MUCH more fun than others). While you can request a room, it is not garaunteed, they can't tell you if it hasn't been requested already. I ended up staying both nights in rooms I was not thrilled with, instead of the ones I requested.2. Make reservations well in advance. I called a month ahead, and they were already well booked.3. The continental breakfast is sad. Icky orange juice, coffee, and stale bread next to a toaster was all that greeted me. Plan on eating elsewhere. 4. The service isn't great. Of the 5-6 different front desk people I spoke with, only one was nice. The others were brisk, snooty, and on the verge of rude. Also, our room wasn't ready at 3:00 (check in time). As we got there 30 mins early, we ended up waiting and hour and a half (4:00) for our room.I would recommend this hotel. Just keep this factors in mind if you decide to stay.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>M8shaw
<Content>Not too shabby, not too grand This little, funky hotel is near the center of Union Square and right on the edge of Chinatown. It is a wonderful location for centralized sightseeing. We stayed in the first suite on the first floor of rooms鈥?right by the hotel check-in desk. The room was clean, the beds comfortable with good pillows and had we needed it there was a microwave and mini-fridge. There is a DVD player and two TV鈥檚; we had some real neat artwork all over our room and a simple continental breakfast of bagels and muffins. The downfalls; the buzzer to get into the hotel sounds like a quickie mart (Thank you come again!), our room was directly behind the neon sign causing the entire room to light up all night long with no chance of darkness to take over. Overall not a bad place, do not know with all the places to try that I would stay here again though. It was not a bad experience, but I am sure we can have a better one somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best hotels in San Francisco - Very Artistic I was lucky enough to be able to reserve the suite of the brazilian artist Regis Silva  Bloum (500/501).I had the oportunity to see many other painted rooms in the hotel, to me Regis  Bloum was the best. His work is three-dimensional, the breast of his painting cames out almost a foot of the paintings. I saw his web site and it was pretty interesting. The artist Regis Silva, has a certain popularity here in the US. ALso I checked the work of Bloum, the French Artist who collaborated with him in this master piece mural. She works with plastic bags. It seemed like that she stills the print from the bag and overlay them of top of each other in a canvas or wall.To me it was to most interesting hotel that I ever stayed. It is full of colors and happiness. Very bright and elegant. I loved the babies on the top of the cabinets in the bathroom and living room. ---  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Daninha
<Content>Good location, that's all The Hotel is located in a very old building. They tryed to use some paint, but some fixtures are just plain old (specially the bathroom). The location is excelent, just across the street from the Chinatown entrance, and very near the cable car lines. The staff is nice, but they had a mix-up with our reservations. We ended up staying in a room with private bath, but plain - not painted by an artist. The concept is wonderful: to live inside art - but it can't hide the oldeness of the building. The complimentary breakfast is just that, and you don't have where to sit. It's a good value for San Francisco, though.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dcgolf
<Content>good value for the money I stayed at the hotel before when it was the Alisa. I got this room off of Priceline. The hotel appears to have renovated its rooms, including the bathrooms. While I was a little nervous from my previous trip to the Alisa, I was pleasantly suprised. Not that this is the Ritz-Carlton, but my room had a mini-fridge and microwave, with a bathtub and shower curtain around it. I would stay here again if I needed a budget destination.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>trinam101
<Content>A little gem This place shines like a gem. I've travelled on all continents and have never seen anything quite like this place. Definitely, book one of the artist room - you need to book it directly with the hotel, but it is a very cool experience. You can check out the rooms on their website and then request a specific one. We stayed in the Unabomber room and our friends stayed in Kelly Ording's room - I'd highly recommend either.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Count On It Sounded like a fun and interesting place. Made a reservation through travel website. Three days before arrival reservation got cancelled-- because of 'water/construction'. Sounded strange. Called hotel (anonymously) and asked for a reservation that same night. No problem. Moral of the story--basically, the hotel cancelled my reservation to sell it at a higher price to someone else, but didn't have the decency to tell the truth and made up some story about water problems. Then had to find an available room in San Francisco for a Friday night three days before arrival.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unique Hotel Stay in SF I enjoyed the unique artwork in the lobby, hallways and in my room. The staff is friendly and helpful. The bagels in the morning are great. My room was quiet and restful. The bed was very comfortable. The hotel is close enough to the Financial area that I could walk to my office.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Artist haven Our stay at the Hotel des Arts was all it promised. The painted rooms are an absolute delight - we tested two of them - both very different and exciting. I was desperate to see them all and would happily have spent each night of our 7 nights in a different one. I caught tantalising glimpses of art work in adjacent rooms through the elegant venetian blinds - enough to make me want to visit again, if I wasn't going to be arrested for peeping. As luck would have it one female guest allowed me to see her room and I reciprocated and when the manager and owner were showing an artist visitor around I rudely invited myself to take the tour. Finally, when we changed rooms we left our bags in one of the suites, small but perfectly formed.The beds were amongst the most comfortable I have experienced in any hotel (or at home) - big fluffy pillows to lean back on and enjoy the painting. The cleanliness was beyond reproach and I loved the bathtub on feet. Staff were friendly and efficient, made us feel as if we belonged and remembered our names, and which room we were in/moving to.The music in the lobby and lift was great too. The complimentary breakfast simple but ample - a choice of bagels with the usual cream cheese/butter and jam/orange juice and coffee/teaNow, how soon can I get back to SFO? And the Hotel des Arts..........  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay there again Loved it!! The unique concept and decor of the hotel made my stay truly memorable and interesting. The staff and manager were very amicable and helped me with my check in even though I had misplaced my travel documents and took a while to find them. They continued to be helpful and friendly throughout my stay as well, which made me very satisfied with their service and interaction. The room I stayed in was a painted room in a pleasant pastel yellow, orange and white, while the beddings were clean and tidy. This surprised me as I had been to the hotel's website and expected the hotel itself to not live up to the glossy photos they had put up...however it did, and I am very much impressed with the art in my room, and the general presentation of everything else within the hotel, which was simple yet unique. The location of the hotel was also very convenient for it was within walking distance to most everything I wanted to see while in San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Little Hotel We're not a big fan of large chain hotels and we really loved the location of this hotel (Bush and Grant). The hotel was small, personable, and very unique. The art was great, we found ourselves walking all the floors looking at the paintings and plaquards outside the rooms (we took like 10 pictures of our room alone). I definitely recommend asking for a painted room. The room itself was great and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom had an antique feel to it (claw-footed tub). The staff was friendly and the overall experience was excellent. My girlfriend and I will definitely be going back.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reasonably priced, convenient I enjoyed the uniqueness of the hotel. The rooms were surface clean but could stand to be deep cleaned, layers of dust behind and under bed, carpet dusty. Staff was reasonably helpful but didn't go out of there way. I appreciated my son having his own small room next to ours (he loved it). The refrigerator and microwave were a definite plus also. Room was kind of noisy from street traffic. Can't beat it for the price and location if you don't intend to spend alot of time in the room.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Is room 205 haunted?       Look for orb's of light  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Minimalist for sure! Very old and dirty. Room carpet dirty. Sink in bedroom old, right side spigot stripped, soap dish rusty. When bedroom window open for ventilation could hear person in next room snorring! Bathroom down hall dirty. No place to leave used towels (which you had to bring from your room), when I left used towel in bathroom it was still there next day, along with used soap bars from other people etc. I would not stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for our lifestyle We weren't looking for anything fancy since we knew we'd be out on the town rather than in a hotel room during our trip, and this place fit us perfectly. Creativity abounds here, its minimalistic style is tasteful and artistic, the bed comfortable, and all amenities as described. It has the youthful energy of a hostel with the privacy of a hotel. We couldn't have designed a more suitable place ourselves.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very cheap I just needed a place to sleep for five hours so this hotel was an unbeatable deal at $59 a night. The bed was clean and comfy. There was a iron in the room so that was convenient. I was very concerned about the shared bathroom at first but it was clean and there was never a wait. If you are not a high maintainance person and just looking for a place to sleep then this will do.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Besides BLOOD SPLATTER on the WALL!...it was great :( need i say more?! from the time i arrived on friday until sunday when i checked out. there was BLOOD slattered on the wall of my room! rm 306. now the design of the room was a splattered effect. blues, yellows, black and white. NO RED! I made them aware of the problem right when I 1st saw the room on friday night. they still failed to correct the issue. it seemed to be of no importance. i finally got them to agree to comp one night of my stay, but here it is thruday of the following week. a week later, and im still awaiting a call back from the general manager Hero. who ive left several messages w/!!!! thier customer service skill are horrible! while waiting in line to complain! i overheard the front desk rep tell a woman that had another compaint! well, i wasnt here yesterday, so thats not my problem... unbelievable! maybe if the problem had been resolved quickly i would be able to give a better review of the hotel, BUT since i was dealling w/ the same issue the entire stay i can not.....stay at your own risk.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>1	4	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>clever concept but stuffy room, noisy looks much more elegant on website. clever decorating but no air conditioning so room was stuffy. a small fan would've been sufficient. had to open window for some air and heard every little noise from other rooms. fun if you don't need alot of sleep, just a cool place to stay. not for kids or older folks.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it! I love Hotel Des Arts. I am so in love with the old, honest charm of it, the beautifully painted rooms, the wonderfully antique (though sometimes cumbersome) lift, and even the simple breakfasts of bagels and tea.The staff was friendly, and the rooms were all clean and comfortable, some even with a microwave, which was a major plus point for me.i love how under the radar this hotel is. it's like making your own hip discovery.The prices were very reasonable too. So I'd definitely reccommmend it. In fact, I hope to feature the hotel in my architectural and design magazine, ISH.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Naupaka
<Content>Room 310....not your average witchcraft room       Just a view of the bed in 310  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run Away! Run AWAY!!! I had a horrible experience. The website completedly overstated the hotel. Even with the great sell-job by the website, I still tried to lower my expectations as I knew the hotel was likly old and the price was too good to be true.Despite my lowered expectations, I was appauled. I can handle old, but not old and dirty. This was gross. What I thought was a underpriced value turned out to be a very overpriced hostel.The website suggested a shared bathroom for every few rooms. it turned out that there was one very small shower and two toilets per floor --all of which needed a VERY thorough cleaning.I received a painted room when I checked in. Unfortunately, it wasn't art. It was more like a seen from a horror movie where the police enter the vacant apartment of the serial killer -- very dark and frankly scary. Also, the odor of oil-based paint was overwhelming (room 405).Fortunately, I was able to move to an unpainted room, but unfortunately, the filth continued. I had to wear my shoes as slippers the entire time because the carpet was so bad. The very small sink in my room was one of those old-fashioned (certainly original to the hotel) sinks with separtate water spouts for hot and cold. But they had no drain stopper so that the water could be mixed -- Regardless, I wouldn't have used the stopper because the sink was so dirty that I only wanted to touch the water straight out of the spout.Alas, the elevator was out of service and walking up and down the spiral staircase with luggage was the cherry on top of quite an experience -- thank goodness I was only there for two nights.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Des Blah I guess i'll just get to the facts here about what we experienced. Be very aware that there is only one shower per floor. and two bathrooms per floor. It's true that this is an overpriced Hostel. Also, there is no A/C, but when you crack the window open, there are no screens, so you worry about opening the window to an alley full of trash bins (will bugs crawl in?). Along with trash bins outside your window is a shady massage parlor (what businesses work out of an alley entrance?). The room was not impressive at all, with old furniture, and the painted room I had was painted white and blue, and even the plastic chair was painted white and blue, and we were supposed to be convinced that this was art. I was actually embarrassed that i was misled by the website. Once we got in, we immediately had to have the sheets changed, since they were soiled. I mentioned to the housekeeper (when she was changing our sheets) that I had read reviews about the hotel (bed-bugs, sheets, alley), and hoped that I had a better experience. A few minutes later, when I walked down the hallway to take a shower, I overheard her reporting me to the front desk manager, in a negative manner. Of course, at this point, I was the bad guy! So, to redeem myself, I did inform the manager about the reviews I read, and told him it was my hope to have a wonderful experience. He ignored me and did not respond. I had even called a month ahead of time to reserve a painted room, as you are supposed to do, but when I got there they simply said sorry. So don't get your hopes up on getting one of the rooms in the misleading website. What's good about this hotel however is its location, which is central to shopping and public transportation. There is also an excellent new wine-tasting lounge around the corner to enjoy. Ask for Joel, she is great. But aside from location and a nice-looking lobby, don't come with high expectations, and remember to bring your flip-flops to shower in, and know that parking is $24 dollars a day. Don't expect friendly staff (including housekeepers!). There are many other hotels in the vicinity, I would suggest you scout around before deciding on the Hotel Des Artes  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok, but dirty The design of the hotel was very original and prices very reasonable. However a major problem was the bathroom. It was old which is acceptable, but cleaning something that hasn't been done correctly for like months. There were dirty greasy soap rests allover the bathtub and the sink and during my stay they only changed the towls but never cleaned it. I think they should take care of that as I really liked the hotel and the friendly staff.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everythings were good but ..... Me and my wife has lived in Des arts Hotel for two nights, and we have made some comments on it, and they are:1. Reasonable price2. Unique decoration3. Near China town, Union Square4. Comfortable bed5. Clean, tidy room6. Vendor machine inside the hotel7. Polite, helpful staff8. Rare anitique ................ Passenger lift9. No need for morning call, because you could get up at every day 0400 when the truck collect the garbage (punctuality is ---- good)10. You could hear every sentence at the back street when someone come out from the pub (24 hours)11. Fortunately, no ghost appear12. Unforgettable memoryAnyway, this is a wonderful trip for me in San Francisco, and thanks for the Des arts hotel gave me a place to sleep.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DSerious
<Content>Best Little Live-In Gallery In Town! It's interesting to see how reviews can differ from one traveler to the next!Some how I believe that it's the difference in the the reviewer, not the difference in experiences. It turns out that I was staying at aproximatelly the same time as the previous couple reviewers who seemed to have quite differing experiences. I thought the Hotel Des Art was great. The fun of having so much art around and friendly staff was great. I was in the David DeRosa designed room and found it exhilarating to return each day to a one of a kind special room insted of the same old usual decor of the run of the mill hotel w/ no personallity. I also snuck a peak at a few other Artist Painted Rooms and they were as exciting as the extensive {every 3 month} changing art on all of the five floor's hallways and lobby. The last reviewer stated that there was no Elevator - which wasn't true maybe they somehow didn't see the classic small equally decorated Otis which made it to every floor. And I was there the night that construction was going on all night across the street -but it turns out that the city would only alow such foundation concrete work to take place at off hours because it was a busy main traffic artery (the Des Art had no control  greatly apologized).  I would have stay at this hotel at a much larger rate but the fact that it was inexpensive at a great location was definately a plus. Eventhough the hotel is right across from the entry to Chinatown the chose in food cuisines was limitless within a few blocks. Being centrally located made it very easy to get anywhere in this well traveled city. It was a very pleasent hotel with a great artistic flair.  The only negitive I could comment on was the initial lack of customer baggage stowage before and after check-in/out. Many of the hotels I've stayed will put your bags in a safe place if they won't be able to check you in early, but upon my early arrival the staff told me that I could leave my stuff there totally out in the open, in the lobby {as many people were doing} but I wasn't too into that (too easy for someone else to lift my stuff along with theirs). So I lugged it all about, for a few hours, and made other plans for stowage w/ my 10 hours between check out  departing flight. Yet, only to find out that day that it was up to the desk person and the weekend person was happy to lock the stuff in an empty room off the lobby if not ocupied.  Well there you have it - I guess it all depends on what you're looking to get out of your travel experience but for me The Des Art was definitely a big plus to my great trip to the city. I look forward to going to SanFran again soon and staying at this Hotel again { check out another painted room}.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good value, centrally located the hotel des arts was pleasant and affordable. the murals in each room are unique. the place has a euro/urban vibe. it's very to the point. there are no fancy bathrooms or huge luxury suites. it's a great value if you want to stay somewhere clean, affordable, central and unique. don't expect fancy, schmancy linen or chocolates on the pillow. you will find interesting artwork, fascinating guests, continental breakfast, internet access, double-paned windows (i slept like a baby) and a friendly staff...and it does have an elevator. the rooms are pretty small, but if you're in sf, you want to be out and about, not stuck in your hotel room no matter how great it is. if you want to be pampered, treated like you're at a spa, and pay a -------- for hanging out in your hotel room then this is not the place for you. but if you're an art lover, urban dweller, not-freaked out by shared bathrooms, on a budget and a lover of san francisco, the hotel des arts is the perfect place to chill.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I liked it, but I like that sort of thing I went to SF on business, but arrived the weekend ahead  had to find my own accomodations for a few days. In a snobby, overpriced town, it was a relief to find an unpretentious bastion of reasonable rates in the Hotel des Arts. The rooms weren't huge, but they were clean. There was no AC, but you could open the windows. The art was charming, the staff was helpful, and the whole place had a bohemian feel, a little like roughing it, but with an iron in the closet.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not even funny My husband and I went to California in June 2005.I found the Hotel Des Arts on Expedia and from the pictures it looked like a lot of fun. This hotel reminded my husband and I of an art major struggling to make it through life. To begin, the hotel has no elevator....this was fine for us. Second, there is no air conditioner in any of the rooms, so when we were told, they said they would bring us a fan from the basement. When we walked into the room, it was artsy...but a tad old. The bathroom is what threw us over the edge. It was so old I thought for sure the bathtub would not function. The shower curtain was beyond old. I basically took a shower with my flip flops on the whole time. Truly not what we expected. I would have stayed at the Triton right around the block. I bet they had air conditioners...  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice little hotel and friendly people I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in a room with shared bathroom. That was clean and the white bedding was inviting for a good night sleep. Cute setting, with character. Good price and a safe place very close to the Gate to Chinatown. Great location.The rooms are small, but one did not go to San Francisco to sit in the room anyway. If you want a more quiet place, ask for a room on the 5th floor, and you can take the stairs or take the old fashion elevator.Good price in San Francisco for a good place clean and safe.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The art is the best part! An unusual little gem in the urban heart of it all. The monthly art exhibits, complete with djs, are a true highlight! Stay here and keep some of that hard earned lettuce in your pockets, or splurge on dinner at La Central next door. Loved it all!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect base I loved the hotel - it exceeded my expectations - clean, quiet and central, with charming rooms and OK facilities. Electricity, TV a bit wonky at times but it didn't spoil my pleasure at all. A great contrast to the 'chain' hotels I've used before. Fantastic value.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy, Noisy, Noisy From the start, this hotel was problematic. Not all of it was their fault though. There was some major construction going on across the street, so there was a lot of noise that started at 6:30 AM. And there's lots of traffic noise as well. We were given a room right off the lobby, that faces the busy street. And since it was off the lobby, we heard every time when someone came in the place. You have to ring a bell at the street level and then get buzzed in. Heard it all. One of the beds was crammed very close to the window, so you almost fell everytime you needed to go over there. The other big complaint we had was the light in the bathroom. It's covered with red tissue paper, so everything glows red. Kind of hard to get a feel for how your make-up looks when you're bathed in red. It was a pretty good deal, but we were surprised to find out that the parking wasn't included. In fact, we were quoted 3 different prices during this trip. One on-line, another when we arrived, and a third (higher) when we checked out. I still don't know what's up with that. I thought that it was, based on information I'd read on a reservation website. And don't bother with their continetal breakfast. It was very meager. Even the tea water and tea choices were bad. Luke warm water and Lipton!?!Bottom line - we'll look elsewhere for our next hotel.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a charming hotel! This is a fantastic hotel for the budget conscious traveler. The art was a super cool feature, something you don't find in many hotels. As were the down filled comforters. My room was very small, which is typical for a San Francisco hotel and if you're traveling as two people I might recommend you get a suite. It's not a lot more money and the extra space is invaluable. This is a CLEAN hotel. The paint is fresh, the rooms are recently renovated and the bedding is comfortable. Staff was very friendly and most helpful. Service is a high priority here. The location is fantastic. 1/2 block from the gates of Chinatown and it's easy to walk to and from the transit stations without having to climb the infamous hills in the city.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location!       Pretty Hip Rooms to sleep In!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very lovely hotel I really enjoyed my stay at the Hotel des Arts. Our room was fantastic. The paintings on the wall were really enjoyable to look at. Its just a very interesting place to stay. We go to San Francisco every year from New Orleans and I would love to stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel I appreciate the atmosphere Hotels, such as the Des Arts provide. I get tired of the blanket Hospital like qualities of many hotels. The des Arts provides that much needed pulse. The room was comfortable and my wife and I immediately felt at home. The shared bathroom, which concerned my wife at first, was not only convenient but we never had to wait to use it. The only concern I had, was the quality of the bagels provided in the morning. I love knowing that I can just hop down the hall or stairs in the morning, and grab my breakfast without having to get dressed and shower, etc. After our first encounter with the bagels I was forced to stray from this connivence. The bagels did not taste bad, but they were brittle and dry. I assume there are plenty of places to get bagels from in SF. I suggest finding a new one. Other than the poor bagel, and that being a minor, almost insignificant detail, I loved the hotel and our stay. Thank you Hotel des Arts, we'll be back!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Coolness man The room was Beautiful and clean. Sharing a bathroom is not a big deal for the price, artistic scenery, and comfort. Bathrooms were clean and accomodating. The only bad thing was figuring where to park. It would have been nice to have valet at this hotel. It would also be good idea to get directions and best prices of garages before hand from the hotel. Another important tip is to bring mosquito repellent because the rooms don't have AC so we opened the window and we got bit up a little.Other than that the whole experience was great.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fresh Art! As a painter myself, I have been influenced and inspired by many of SanFrancisco's underground and emerging fine artists. I stayed in Hotel des Arts specifically for the art, and I was NOT disappointed.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sleepless in San Francisco We thought the Hotel des Arts was quaint and super clean with simplistic designs and modern lighting that highlighted the artwork that filled the hallways. I thoroughly appreciated the artwork (various modern styles by local artists) but my spouse was not as enthusiastic of its style. We were quite pleased to be upgraded to an artist room but were saddened when we were awaken at 4am to the loud sounds in the alley below - it was a dump truck...picking up recyclable glass. Tumbling and breaking glass is very noisy! We could hear it crash and break piece by piece. This lasted about 45 minutes. It interrupted our sleep and made us miss an early morning of San Francisco sightseeing. Rightfully so, we were both on edge so I asked the front desk attendant if we could be moved to the other side of the hotel but he assured us that the trucks only come twice a week - and never two consecutive nights. He was wrong. We were awaken yet again at 4am the NEXT night! Also, there is no air conditioning in this hotel so if you cannot stand the heat, I do not recommend staying here in the summer months. They have a limited number of floor fans which are available upon request. I'd stay here again as the hotel is it is a clean affordable hotel in a good location but I would definitely not stay here in the summer months ... plus I'd be more adamate to request a room on the eastside as the westside of the building left us with sleepless nights.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Artwork and a noisy neighbor to go with it! My friend and I stayed there and we had a problem with one of the neighbors. He blasted the radio loud as if he were staying in an apt. We quickly went to the reservationist, and to our surprise, they let us switch rooms to a better location. The room that we went to had one problem. The bedding didn't seem too clean. We found paint stains on the mattress, and the blanket had stains. We enjoyed the artwork that is everywhere. The elevator is very interesting. Very 1920ish, I think. Nice! We enjoyed the location. Restaurants are near by, and the hotel is in the heart of the financial district and not far away from the gate of China town. It was an interesting experience. We felt like we were not staying at a hotel. It seemed like we were in an apartment!!!  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice atmosphere, friendly staff the room we stayed in was nicely decorated with works of a local artist. it was also very clean, and minimal, just as i like it. the staff was friendly and extremely helpful (we were new to the city). only complaint, hard to find parking, but then again, that's not the hotel's fault...that's just s.f. in general. i'd stay here again.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Euro-style experience for a reasonable price Hotel des Arts was a very nice place to stay while in San Francisco. For those of you who don't want to allocate too much money for a hotel, this is definitely the place for you. It's pleasantly decorated with lots of vibrant art, the staff is nice, and the rooms are quaint. I stayed in a room without a bathroom, and it was fine; I never had to wait for a bathroom or shower. The rooms were always made up neatly by the time we got back from exploring the city. There are great places to dine around the French Quarter, where Hotel des Arts is, and all the shopping you could endure in one place. There was no air conditioning, but San Francisco weather permits for that.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of a kind expereince If your going to stay here, make sure you stay in one of the painted rooms. My wife and I stayed in the room painted by Sam Flores; beautiful, serene, and breathtaking are a few descriptive words yhat could be used for the room. Inspiring, medative, and wild are a few more.---------------------It was like being inside a piece of art. No words or pictures can truly recreate the expereince. I plan to return to the area and stay in a different painted room each night for a few nights.The bed was super comfortable (pillows too). Shower was hot, with more than sufficient pressure. Room size was a bit small (which made us feel more part of the art), but a very large closet and a few night stands provided lots of storage. Soft bedlamps helped set a romantic mood after the sun went down. But couples afraid someone might hear you should know the Sam Flores room is just down the sound carrying hall from the front desk. Sorry to the clerk and any other guest that might have overheard the passion brought on by the pure sensuality of it all!Breakfast was: bagels, coffee and juice. Parking is extra make sure to find out about your options in detail.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what I needed A hotel is just a place to lay your head to me. Hotel Des Arts was just that, in a great location at a great price. The bed was super comfortable. But the shower was nothing special. When I go back I won't pay the extra $20 for a private shower. Just use the shared ones.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveln2mex
<Content>Don't Stay Here! This Hotel is nothing more than an overpriced Hostel.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Possibly the worst hotel staff ever... My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Des Arts for four nights last week. This funky boutique hotel offers rooms with shared or private bathrooms. We had a painted room which was small but beautiful. There is artwork and photography displayed throughout the hallways of each floor of the building, and most of the rooms are painted by local artists. The location was perfect. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the shopping in Union Square and across the street from the Chinatown gate. If you are looking for a budget accomodation this place will meet most of your needs, however some things to consider: 1) many of the rooms have windows which open to an alley with 20+ dumpsters. There is no AC in the rooms, so you have to crack the window. Between the garbage trucks (every night), and the homeless people digging through the trash - don't expect to get a decent night of sleep, and 2) the staff is pretentious, rude, unpleasant, and unhelpful. We dealt with 5 different front desk staff persons, and only one was somewhat friendly  helpful. The other four acted like they just did not want to be bothered with the guests. This unfortunately affects the artists who display their work here. Much of artwork is reasonably priced, but with such a poor experience with the staff, we were in no mood to buy any artwork here. If you can afford a little more $$ per night  want to be in this part of the city, try the Hotel Triton around the corner.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeattleRedBear
<Content>Great Value Through Priceline Unlike other reviewers, I found no evidence of bedbugs (or filth), interacted only with pleasant staff and had a relatively quiet stay here. I was concerned after seeing a number of negative reviews, but my stay here was completely satisfactory. I agree with the writers who point out there is no a/c (thus you probably don't want to stay here in the height of summer) and that it can be loud or bright if you stay in a room facing on the street (so asking to look at the room is probably in your best interest). Leaving the windows open brought in enough cool air and since my room was on an interior courtyard (very Rear Windowish) I only heard the occasional siren (it is in a major metropolitan area after all). The location is very convenient to a number of SF attractions as well as to the Hyde/Powell cablecar. My only complaint was about the 'breakfast' which was very nicely arranged, but consisted of nothing but plain frozen bagels. For the price that I paid through priceline ($60/night) a 'very' minor quibble.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>as long as you don't lick the shower curtain liner... you'll be okay. there were some unmentionables on it, but i suspect there are some really gnarly things lurking in even the fanciest hotel room. I snagged a low week day rate on a san francisco tourism site and for that price, I was satisfied with what I got, particularly the comfy mattress, topped with a plain white duvet...no nasty polyester floral spread. i stayed on the 5th floor, facing the back (note to those facing bush st - there's a construction site across the st. right now with loud noises on weekdays beginning at 7 am!) My room was very quiet and restful. creepy stain on the carpet bespeaks this location's history... closet was bigger than my brooklyn kitchen. towels rival the stinginess of the ones at New York Sports Club. I appreciate that they're trying to do something different - showcase local artists - piece for piece the art's no great shakes, but heck, finding something appealing is half the fun...get your money's worth and patrol the halls. As for those quibbling w/ the continental breakfast, I considered this a formal nicety but nothing I'd want to blow my calories on... save it for Dottie's True Blue Cafe. You're on vacation! Live a little! You'll save dough staying here ( on a weekday anyway).  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>exotic panache Polite, convenient, quiet, exotic, funky. I have traveled extensively overseas (14 trips to India, 9 to Nepal, many other places) and the Hotel des Arts has the exotic panache of, say, the Kathmandu Guest House but on a one night trip to 鈥楾he City鈥? I have so far stayed twice, once for 2 nights, once for one night 鈥?the place has always been quiet, the staff polite, and the place is CONVENIENT. Chinatown Gate is 30 feet away. My girlfriend found a hairdresser 鈥?Monica鈥檚 on Clay St. 鈥?and shops for herbs, teas and 鈥︹€?. on Grant StWe鈥檝e always taken a share bath room 鈥?I like padding down the hallway to pee in the middle of the night in my yoga pants barefoot. The futon-ish beds are very comfortable.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loud room, but artsy, off beat hotel   showReview(3304805, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't Expect a Jewel, but...   showReview(3300274, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No problem   showReview(3100884, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel des crap   showReview(2947502, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good value but I would opt next time to spend more   showReview(2701458, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst hotel I have ever stayed at!   showReview(2696386, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trider
<Content>Very cool   showReview(2592188, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and simple   showReview(2517605, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel is terrible!   showReview(2497737, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Hotel was GHASTLY!!   showReview(2489879, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>isapod2b
<Content>Tr猫s d茅莽ue   showReview(22416056, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	1	2	3	

<Author>alfchocolat
<Content>A essayer !   showReview(19672273, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ele-madrid
<Content>Muy bien situado pero ll茅vate unos tapones para los o铆dos       Nuestra habitaci贸n  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>bully9976
<Content>Bien situado       Habitacion 508  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Una notte al museo   showReview(18539774, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Concept diff茅rent et sympa   showReview(16606014, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait hotel pour d茅couvrir San Francisco !   showReview(16606001, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu decu   showReview(15565907, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Zimmerdesin, aber unter dem Durchschnitt   showReview(13981179, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>raulm
<Content>Un buen hotel para dormir.   showReview(13315163, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super hotel et super accueil good place to know   showReview(13192719, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Notre pied 脿 terre 脿 San Francisco   showReview(11663132, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Melaniebosco
<Content>Sympa mais sans +       La salle de bain  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bien situ茅, avec petit d茅jeuner c'est pratique, j'y retournerai   showReview(11395798, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel correct   showReview(11359316, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉堝ソ銇嶃伀銇仧銇俱倝銇亜   showReview(19155873, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

