<Author>SingaporeCliff
<Content>2nd time around, it gets better... Stayed at the Chedi Club the 2nd time from 1 to 4 Jan 09. (The first time was in Mar 08.) As usual, I had a fantastic time at the Chedi Club. This place awes! My personal butler, Supri, is fantastic. Taking care of my every needs (arranging the restaurants, the transfers, getting me the best table, bringing me on a padi field track). His knowledge of the padi field is extremely wide-ranging. His friendly and earnest disposition makes the trip extremely memorable.The food in the only restaurant is good. Better than the first time actually. Try the slow cooked bebek/duck (8 hours). It is tender and tasty. Salivating now鈥?br/>Helen, the GM of the hotel greeted me every morning. The fact that this is a small hotel adds to the charm. Other than breakfast, I hardly saw anyone around. I spent lots of time at the pool, reading my magazines and books. Very tranquil. Try the spa tol, a bit expensive, but well worth it.The only minor complaint that I have is that the villas are a little old/dated. Perhaps some refreshing will make this an even better place. That is a minor issue. I love the art pieces in my spa villa. The pieces of Indonesian art are featured in a book. The owner is extremely trusting.Go and enjoy the Chedi Club at Tanah Gajah. You will not regret it.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>H2E
<Content>Fantastic We stayed at The Chedi Club for three nights and it was absolutely fantastic! The hotel, our villa, the service and the food were all excellent. The villa allows for total privacy. The room (generously spacious), the outside seating area (very comfortable), the own villa pool (with a view of the rice paddies and the biggest mountain of Bali in the distance) all made the stay very private and relaxing, perfect to make the stay exclusive and relaxing. It is hard too describe how wonderful our stay was. If we return to Bali in the future we will defintely try to stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pkwong
<Content>Will come back again       Lily Ponds in front of the villa  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Malino
<Content>Great tranquil stay       Our villa - exterior view  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BarnseyLondon
<Content>Absolute Paradise! We went to the Chedi Club for the first week of our honeymoon in Bali and stayed for 5 nights. This place is absolutely amazing!I would echo the comments of all the previous reviewers, such as:1) The grounds are stunning - you are surrounded by lush paddy fields and they have really given attention to detail when they have designed the hotel. If you want to properly relax and unwind, this is the place to come! You can do complimentary yoga several days a week and I have to say that doing yoga looking out onto acres of green paddy fields is just about as good as it can get (I'm a bit of a yoga fan! )2) The service is EXCEPTIONAL. My husband travels a lot with work and has stayed in some pretty amazing hotels, but he had never experienced service like this before. The 'personal butler' service is amazing. Our butler dealt with our every need but without ever invading our privacy. He was simply exceptional. We were amazed however, at how ALL the staff at the hotel were so polite and friendly and delivered exceptional service at all times from the gardeners who said a cheery hello as you passed, to the restaurant staff, the main pool attendant, the reception staff and the drivers who take you to Ubud. They really cannot do enough to please you and you feel that the staff are being genuine, rather than giving good service because they feel they have to (they don't seem to expect tips either, although we did give some). I don't understand how one couple who made a review on this site said the staff were 'cool'. We found the total opposite. 3) Hotel rooms - amazing. We stayed in a pool villa - which was beautiful. A decent sized infinity pool (larger than we expected), with doors which the butler opens to look out onto the paddy field. Our own personal sun loungers too and a fridge stocked full of complimentary soft drinks (or vodka, gin, whisky if you really want it!) and snacks (nuts, dried fruit etc) BLISS! Just beware - as they are working paddy fields and the paddy field workers do pass your villa and give you a cheery wave as they do so! (We didn't have a problem with this, in fact, this was part of the place's charm, but make sure you don't bathe topless in your private pool (or worse!) if the gates to the paddy field are open!!). The semi - outdoor bath was also a real treat!4) Spa - is excellent - great service, as you'd expect and great treatments, all looking out onto the paddy fields. Very relaxing.5) Food - very good quality. The restaurant prices are pretty high though (we live in London and they were the same price as a decent restaurant in London) and a bottle of wine is likely to set you back 拢15 - 拢20. However, restaurant prices in Ubud are must cheaper (insanely cheap in some places) and the hotel will run transfers to Ubud up til about 11.30pm (and nothing much happens in Ubud after this time anyway!). Ask the reception staff or your butler for restaurant recommendations in Ubud, as there are lots of choices and some are better than others.The hotel is abut 15 mins drive from Ubud, but the hotel will drive you there and pick you up for free in your own private car whenever you please (although at busy times it is advisable to book about an hour before you want to go).It's all the little touches that make this place so amazing - and there are too many of those to list. I would definitely recommend it if you want a relaxing break and I'd definitely visit again.One point to note though....this hotel is probably best suited to couples. I'm sure if you are two friends on a holiday, you can have a relaxing time here too, but it definitely seemed geared towards couples/romantic breaks/honeymooners.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JonLock
<Content>Perfect honeymoon (Pt 2) at the Chedi Club, Ubud       The ampitheatre @ The Chedi Club  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Munkeyfeet
<Content>Oh my word - when can i go back! We went via Kuoni for our honeymoon, we flew to bangkok and after 4 days made our way to the Chedi. Where do i start? The beautiful walk to the main lobby? the refreshing cocktail on arrival? The personal butler that remains yours for the duration of your stay? This place is pure decadence. If you feel burnt out, stressed with the rat race then this is the place to relax. The food is great, in fact when you go to the restaurant - there are two bird cages just before you walk through - as you face the birds check out the one on the left - we named him fluffy as he fluffs himself right up and then wheezes and makes a jaba wockie noise - we loved the little fella. The rooms are great, the service is excellent, Ubud (10 mins by hotel car) has some of the most amazing carvings we have ever seen and the peacefulness of it all just tops it off. Also make sure you have the Chedi massage - two therapists! Wow  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Charleyquant
<Content>Beautiful surroundings but a little clinical Can totally agree with many of the other reviews below...The rooms/villas were great and very much part of the 5* experience that we were paying a lot of money for.The tranquility pool hanging over the jungle canopy was the highlight as was the jungle walk we took where we walked through paddy fields, dived under waterfalls ( along with some leeches!). The breakfast overlooking the valley was great as were the free massages, smoothies by the pool etcThe bus to and from the centre of Ubud was free and mostly handy but did seem to finish quite early in the evening. Like many other reviewers we avoided the restaurant in the evening as the prices were way too much for the quality - so we headed into Ubud every night and enjoyed the local ( and cheaper) food.We stayed for only a few nights on a trip around Bali - so i'd recommend only a few nights at the Chedi rather than a 10 day trip as i think you'd just get bored. The atmostphere of the staff and other guests was a little 'cool' which i wasn't sure whether was down to the fact that we were 2 young 20somethings who weren't millionaires or whether everyone really was unfriendly!Anyway I'd still reccommend this for a few nights but not much longer!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>WanderlustFL58
<Content>The perfect choice to stay while in Ubud In a word, this hotel is stunning. It perfectly captures the magical essence of Bali鈥檚 serene side. A couple of previous reviewers have complained about service and location. Well, I can tell you that in my experience their claims are completely off base. My observations:Location: The hotel is located a short complementary drive away from Ubud center. Is it walking distance to shops and restaurants? No, but all the luxury properties are located a short distance from town (think Four Seasons and Aman). Whenever we wanted to head into town, a driver was ready within a few minutes at most. They were always prompt in picking us up at the prearranged location and time in town as well. The hotel is set in the rice paddies and this contributes significantely to its charm and romantic atmosphere. I strongly preferred its setting as compared to some of the other luxury properties we visited (F.S. and Aman). The setting is utterly peaceful, almost like a lushly painted landscape come to life.Hotel grounds: Wow! The hotel design captures the flavor of Bali perfectly and, at least to my eyes, seems utterly authentic and provides a very strong sense of place. I traveled nearly 12,000 miles to visit. The last thing I wanted was the standard international luxury style so common across the world. The hotel did not disappoint. All the amenities you could wish for are provided, but in a very unique way reflecting the Bali style. Everything is open air (excepting, of course, the comfortably air conditioned sleeping quarters). Eating breakfast each day in the restaurant was such a magical experience as all four sides are open to the setting.Service: Perfect. We met the GM, Helen, and she seemed sincerely interested in our feedback (all positive) and was genuinely warm and welcoming. Our butler, Uni, was very focused on our needs without being too intrusive. She took care of whatever we needed, when we needed it. We had no problems communicating, either with her or any other hotel staff. Other hotel staff were uniformly warm and gracious. All staff made us feel like we were very special guests.Room: I know I am beginning to sound like a broken record, but again all I can say is it was absolutely stunning. We stayed in pool villa #9, the most private of the villa locations. We had our own infinity pool, which was much larger than we expected. Each morning our Butler would open a small gate at the edge of the pool that looked out onto the working rice paddies. Our only surprise is when we discovered that field workers passed right in front of our open gate as they went about their business. The bedroom was again done in the Balinese style that seems to combine a modern minimalist aesthetic with ample touches of authentic local culture (beautiful wood carved platform bed, local art work etc鈥?. For us, it was perfect.In conclusion, in my experience this is probably the most memorable property that I have ever visited. For me, that speaks volumes because I have traveled extensively through Europe and the Americas and have stayed at many high end properties. The hotel features a wonderful combination of luxury, beautiful style and a strong sense of place. The magical setting will long live in my dreams.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kuos
<Content>Not as great as expected but OK My husband and I have stayed at the Chedi Hotel in Chingmai and had a good impression of the hotel chain so we decided to stay at the Chedi club for our trip to Bali. The Chedi club is located near the mountain side of the Bali island, which was what we preferred but found out later it is quite far from the Seminyak area (which is the best shopping area in Bali, in my opinion). The hotel room is overall ok but our butler doesnt speak very good English. He did not push us for the activities in the Chedi club like the other review but instead it was quite difficult to communicate with him. The other services were ok, the shuttle car drivers were always nice, but we have to check ahead of time to make sure the cars are available. The birds were very loud in the morning and we cant sleep in! We could also hear people walking by or singing outside our villa--this was not ideal. The bed was comfortable and my husband had no problem getting internet access. The cmplimentary breakfast was very good. Bali has become a very commercial tourist spot overall, some meals we ate outside of the hotel were the same price as New York and London. We did enjoy the John Hardy jewelry workshop--nice price for amazing pieces. Also we very much liked the restaurant Mosaic, located in Ubud. Definitely try the tasting menu.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>FezFu
<Content>Fab stay at The Chedi I think the last couple of reviews posted about this hotel are far from objective, so I wanted to comment upon what a fabulous stay we had at the Chedi. I can understand people moaning about lack of atmosphere, as it is very peaceful and quiet. But peace and quiet and a serene environment are what many people want from a hotel! If we wanted to make friends with fellow guests by the pool or the bar, then we would have stayed somewhere else, for example, Butlins.We spent the first 4 nights of our honeymoon at the Chedi and for us it was perfect. Very relaxing, our butler couldn't do enough for us and went out of his way to make it a fabulous experience. Small things like bringing more coathangers to our room because he saw that we had used all of them; bringing an adaptor plug because he saw that we had unplugged a bedside lamp to plug in one of our gadgets; cleaning our shoes after we had been for a rice paddie walk; bringing cold water and towels whilst we played tennis. I could go on.I also loved the Club concept, which meant that this hotel was actually great value. By the time you have had your clothes laundered each day, eaten your delicious breakfast, enjoyed complimentary drinks all day at the pool and from the mini bar in your room, taken afternoon tea, enjoyed a sunset cocktail and had private car transport into and out of Ubud whenever you like, I would say that the room rate which includes all these items suddenly looks very reasonable.Accusations by reviewers that the hotel tried to push you into doing things from which it took a huge cut just aren't true from my experience. And, in any event, it seems rather mean-spirited to make such an allegation, if you have happily enjoyed so many complimentary items that are included within the room rate!I would definitiely recommend a stay in this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>caraghm
<Content>Truly amazing place... highly recommended Having just returned form a fabulous 12 night honeymoon in Bali, I thought that I would share our experiences of the hotels we stayed in, as we had used Trip Advisor to research them all and to pick where to stay. It is with some surprise that I read below some of the latest reviews, as we are definitely with the majority of reviewers on thinking that we had arrived in Heaven upon entering the gates of the Chedi at Tanah Gajar. Our review is as follows:Arrival and Grounds: We arrived for a 4 night stay in a Private Pool Villa at the Chedi and were immediately taken aback by the beautiful gardens that unfolded before us and can truthfully say that the photos of the grounds do not do them justice. The landscaped gardens, small ponds and rice fields at the back were all breathtaking. I would describe the experience as if we had arrived somewhere magical. We were greeted with drinks, towels and banana fritter treats and by both the Head Chef, inviting us to enjoy our meals, and our Butler, who drove us by buggy to our villa 鈥?via a short tour of the grounds which included the Pavillions you can take afternoon tea in, the spa and the restaurant. By the time we were in our Pool Villa I was ecstatic and a bit overwhelmed by where we were staying. It was completely unexpected in its beauty, luxury and in being so welcoming. Exactly the place you want to be honeymooning! The Butler: Our Butler was very friendly, and not at all overbearing. We saw him once or twice a day at most but could call him directly whenever we had any queries. He was very useful in booking restaurants in town (we ate at Mosaic, great food and lovely gardens, and at Lemak, great food but lacked atmosphere), arranging the free pick up and transfer services, doing our laundry (we virtually emptied our case with no notion of the 6 pcs per person that we have only become aware of from the comments below 鈥?certainly no mention from our Butler), arranging afternoon tea (which we took in the Pavillians and in our villa) and generally giving advice on bike hire, local eats (try Ebu Oka next to the Royal Palace in Ubud for delicious spicy Suckling Pig at 25,000Rp) etc. He also left cakes for us as he turned down the room and arranged our honeymoon cake and champagne flower bath for our return from a spa treatment. Services/Treats: We also thoroughly enjoyed the free bar in the villa (which was restocked everyday and which was refilled upon request 鈥?as we did, for more tonic upon return from a meal out one night) and also the cocktail hour at 6pm, which could be taken anywhere in the resort (your villa, the pool bar or restaurant). This included different canap茅s each night and a good drinks list to choose from. We made full use of the transport and found it to be very flexible, as we often rang to change our pick up time, and provided us with a real peace of mind that the Chedi were just on the end of the phone for us. We wanted to use the internet (to check our wedding photos!) and were able to use the Chedi laptop by the pool which worked fine. Our Butler also sent a fax for us and my husband was able to use the Chedi office printer to print out some documents he needed. We also had massages (which were amazing, starting with a foot wash and rub and ending with a relaxing drink out on the deck overlooking the paddy fields) and manicure and pedicures. All to a high standard. Food: Breakfast was included and lovely. We tried the Indonesian noodles, which were very tasty (and a huge portion), and also the American breakfasts. Good quality breads, homemade jams and great coffee. On our departure day we had to leave before breakfast (7am!) and they prepared breakfast boxes for us with fruit, croissants and the best BLT I鈥檝e ever had! We also ate two meals at the Chedhi. The first was a set meal as part of the Balinese Dance package. This was good in variety and the spicy prawns were delicious, but the meat dishes only 鈥榝air鈥? The dance was good though and so worth doing anyway. Our second a la carte meal however, was delicious and faultless. Try the Pork three ways and the Beef Rendang. The staff at the restaurant also deserve a mention as they will happily tell you about the rice paddies and the way of life there, point out the frogs and other creatures making their noises and also find out and remember your favourite tipple (on our last night after the cocktail hour finished we were brought Gin and Tonics, noted as our drink, on the house). I thought this was a nice touch and added to the feeling that you were really 鈥榞uests鈥?at the Chedi. Whilst in Ubud we also visited the Four Seasons Resort and though the architecture was amazing and the valley view beautiful it really didn鈥檛 have the same feel as the Chedi. If you like your luxury resorts bustling then maybe the Chedi isn鈥檛 for you, as what you鈥檒l find here is a peaceful oasis, but one you really feel you are the only one to have discovered! We really didn鈥檛 want to leave and will definitely be back!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lucyandethel
<Content>Eerie luxury with one fatal flaw I agree wholeheartedly with the two reviews posted below from Brandenburg5 and LikesALittleLuxury. The Chedi Club is wonderful, but has some serious drawbacks and we do not intend on returning.The Chedi Club is beautiful and luxurious, set outside Ubud proper about 15 minutes. Formerly an estate, it has been converted into a collection of luxury villas and bungalows, looking out over the rice paddies. The service is absolutely impeccable, with each villa assigned a butler to help coordinate reservations etc (and yes, I agree with the other reviewer- these people are obviously charged with repeatedly encouraging guests to sign up for revenue-generating hotel activities). The resort is completely private - you never have to leave your villa if you don't want to. Each villa is equipped with what you'd expect of a 5-star resort, including Bose sound system, flat LCD TV, high threadcount sheets, free mini bar etc. Laundry is also included in the room rate.Now onto the problems. One of the first things we noticed were the birds in cages. Everywhere. By the restaurants...outside the villas....in the lobby. You name it, there are birds in cages. This is a little unsettling given you're in the middle of the jungle and it seems that birds should be flying free. But let's put that aside for the moment - the biggest issue with the birds, some of which are PARROTS, is that they shriek and squawk starting around 5 in the morning, and proceed throughout the day. The villas are not sound proofed and it was like having a bird sit on your head to wake you up in the morning. When we complained, to their credit, the staff of the hotel moved two of the birds directly outside our villa and we ended up with 2 quiet mornings before we departed. If you go to the Chedi, request - or demand at these prices - that you be located in a villa without birds nearby. Also a challenge was you need to plan your trips into Ubud if you want to use their shuttle. One morning I called to arrange a shuttle and was told they were all booked at 10 am but I could go at noon. Not a wonderful response at these rates.Other reviewers have commented on the sterile atmosphere. We noticed that as well. While in Bali, we stayed at 4 different resorts, and made friends at all but this one (perhaps because we were so cranky about the birds, no one wanted anything to do with us). Many people seem to stay in their villas all of the time, so you feel you have the whole place to yourself. At first it's nice, but after a couple of days you start feeling like you're in the movie The Shining. One final thing: the restaurant. Breakfast and lunch at the beautiful restaurant, which is in our opinion the best part about the Chedi, were wonderful. Dinner, however, was overpriced (again, we agree with the other reviewers) and inconsistent. The Ahi Tuna was wonderful, but many other dishes were uninspired and bland. Prices were comparable to New York or London, not Ubud, and we've stayed in several 5-stars around Ubud. We noticed the restaurant was empty at dinner most nights and assume that guests take the complimentary shuttle into town for better and less expensive food. The view from the restaurant, which is open-air, was gorgeous, especially at night when they light candles in the rice fields. We also enjoyed complimentary tea at 4 pm every day there, and cocktails from 6-7 pm.In summary -where does that leave us? Very difficult to write a review that's composed of two extremes... we would recommend Chedi for the first couple of nights of a honeymoon, where sleep may not be a priority. Chedi is so isolated and such an artificial atmosphere, it's hard to recommend Chedi for anyone who really wants to experience Bali, unless they want to do it in a Disney-atmosphere way. We also stayed at the Warwick Ibah in Ubud during our trip and much preferred this resort - again at 5-star luxury. Read the reviews below carefully... you have been warned!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	1	5	5	

<Author>TandTSwitzerland
<Content>In the middle of rice paddies The Chedi is located in the middle of rice paddies, wonderful! The hotel has a very nice garden, and the rooms/cottages are spread out in the garden. The pool villas have views of the rice paddies. Unfortunately there is a main road close to the hotel and therefore you can hear cars passing by from your room - a bit disturbing in this very nice and quiet place.The rooms are nice, a bit on the smaller side for Bali, but nicely decorated. The pool villas have a terrace with a small pool with a view to the rice paddies. Staff is very friendly, sometimes a bit slow but OK. Be patient and don't be upset if they do not understand you (very often the case in Bali). The manager is very helpful and tries to accomodate you as much as possible.Only downside: food is not very good; go for the local food as that is still good, all western dishes are not really good. Wine choice is very limited.You have a shuttle to Ubud and there you can either walk in the main streets with galleries and shops, or go further out and walk through rice paddies - very recommended, it is so great to walk in this quiet area, only rice paddies, and some friendly local people!Overall o good choice, good value for price.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>brandenburg5
<Content>a tale of good and bad Positives: gorgeous landscaped grounds in the midst of the paddy fields; beautiful villas; wonderful breakfasts (the home-made bread with home-made jam was delicious); extras such as free mini-bar, free laundry and transfers into town (15-minute drive); lovely spa; fantastic infinity poolNegatives: internet never worked and staff didn't understand why it wasn't acceptable that 50% of websites (including all online newspapers) were blocked by their server; extremely high prices in the restaurant (why should main courses be 2-3 times as expensive as very chic restaurants in Seminyak?); the butler who was a kind of concierge, and was very pushy in getting us to book excursions from which the hotel was clearly making money - this butler often made us very uncomfortable, and was not knowledgeable about Bali and gave us very poor advice which wasted our time and money.Ubud itself has a lot to offer, great shopping and sightseeing and restaurants, but does get very over-crowded and in the daytime is simply a massive traffic jam.All in all, the Chedi would be great if you truly need to get away from it all - staying in your villa, lounging by the pool, eating fine meals (at a huge mark-up but probably still cheaper than London or New York). But the atmosphere is soul-less. You almost never see anyone else (apart from your butler who constantly comes to your door - even entering once without knocking!), and bizarrely there often wasn't anyone at reception which is a bit of a shock when you return to the hotel and need to get your key.Very strange, and ultimately not very pleasant despite all its positives.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	5	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>LikesALittleLuxury
<Content>Strange but enjoyable I have been to Bali a lot over the years and deeply love the culture, food, atmosphere, scenery, etc. The Chedi Club at Tanah Gajah is like no other place I have been to in Indonesia and I am not sure this is a good thing. It can tick all the boxes for luxury resort but over-all it has a very cold atmosphere and not at all Balinese. We stayed in a pool villa and I think this was really the best thing about our time here. The villas are luxurious, the bathrooms gorgeous, the restaurant stunning, the pool lovely BUT you could be anywhere in the world.If you are going to spend this kind of money I would suggest trying to find somewhere a bit more authentic. Ubud has so much to offer I really thing you could do better. You couldn't go wrong with the Four Seasons Sayan!I do want to say thank-you to the head chef who went out of his way to please us. We will try anything and Indonesian food is a big reason for us to visit Bali. I have a severe allergy though and quite often this can restrict me in being too adventurous. This wasn't the case here as The Chedi head chef happily made me any dish I wanted on the menu whilst allowing for my dietry requirements.One last thing- PLEASE REMOVE THE BIRDS IN CAGES!!! They are everywhere around the resort and in todays day and age I personally can't understand why they would think anyone would agree with this.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>UKtraveller33
<Content>Peaceful paradise Beautiful location on the outskirts of Ubud. And with free transport to town, this is a great place to stay.The grounds are huge and beautifully manicured, and with only 20 rooms, it is almost like being in a private retreat. With plenty of staff, you are assured of attentive service at all times.The hotel is not cheap. However, and this is not made clear from the website, the price includes many extras - taxi service to and from town, all soft drinks (both in the room and poolside), alcoholic drinks in the room, laundry.Being Four Seasons' fans, we went to check out the Four Seasons ..... and were glad we had chosen the Chedi Club. Mozaic is a great place for dinner - it's the far side of town but the hotel car will take you there; it's not quite top michelin standard but for the money it is amazing value.Recommended.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>linda9319
<Content>Dreamy Just returned from a delightful stay at the Chedi Club. I felt like I had been invited to stay at someone's private home. In a way it is true as the property was built by an architect whose family still retains a residence on the grounds. The grounds are well maintained with pathways that lead through acres of green grass punctuated by stone elephant statues, fountains, giant bird cages, and private balinese style modern villas scattered among the property. Our cottage was large and stylish with a porch and large outside bathroom area. We did not get one of the villas with it's own private pool but we were not dissapointed as the infinity pool was great. Breakfast and cocktails were included in the price and the food was wonderful. Snacks and drinks are also included and stocked in room refrigerators. The staff was helpful-we had on our own butler service; the pool was stunning and the massage services good. It is very quiet and relaxing and not for anyone looking for alot of activity-rather a place to unwind-we were two older single women but most of the other guests were honeymoon couples. They also offer complimentary shuttle service to and from the airport and into town. This is a very nice place to stay and I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>quevara
<Content>Would return to stay next trip- highly recommended This place is part of the GHM group and has only about 20 villas in total. If you want somewhere to chill out for a few days and feel like you own the whole place, I would recommend staying here. My partner and I stayed here with another couple for 3 nights. I had done extensive research on the net about different properties in Ubud and this was always the standout. The internet site photos look ed fantastic but I could never have imagined how big and open the whole estate on which The Chedi Club is situated was.We stayed at the 2 bedroom estate villa and this we found out was the biggest and most luxurious villa on the property. TThe word villa really does'n't do it any justice. They only have one 2 bedroom estate as all others are 1 bedroom pool villas, spa villas or suites. My party were totally overwhelmed by the sheer scale and opulence of our villa. There were 2 bedrooms and I stayed in the main bedroom, which was the biggest bedroom I've ever stayed in. There was a lovely sitting area, a writing desk, a huge king-size bed and the whole room was decked out in tasteful Indonesian furniture and art. The art collection I found out belonged to the man who originally built the Tanag Gajagh estate as a retreat for his friends and families. The bathroom was bigger than most bedrooms I had seen and had an indoor and outdoor shower area, a decandent bathtub and his and her wardrobes so space for your clothes wasn't a problem. The entrance to the 2 beroom estate villa was very grand as you walk up a flight of steps looking at the villa. Right up the top before reaching the front door you pass 2 imposing life-size statues of Indonesian Gods standing on either side. When you open the front door, you walk into the amazing atrium that is 2 stories high before turning into the living area. The living area and dining areas were beautiful and spacious, and there is a separate kitchen and third bathroom behind the dining area.The outdoor pool is partially behind a stone wall beside a large day cabana. Even though there were 4 of us, we could easily all lounge around on the day bed as it was so spacious. The pool area became our favourite place to lounge around.The whole Club concept means that you pay a much higher price for all-inclusive extras. We had a very nice and efficient butler who attended to our every whim. Breakfast every day was included and can be taken in the villa or in their restaurant. We did both and enjoyed both. The breakfast menu was wonderful and plentiful. We had wonderful breads, noodles and the Western-style breakfast was delicious. Coffee was surprisingly good. The mini-bar was also included. There was a good selection of soft drinks, juices , beer sand water. 3 types of spirits were provided in decanters- gin, vodka, and whiskey. There weren't the best quality spirits and I suppose that is why they've decanted them already so we didn't see what their labels were. I had for some reason throught that the spirits would come in the mini bottles like you get on planes. Unlimited mini bar was strictly not true. They only get replenished once a day but I'm sure if you needed something extra the butler could arrange this. Other benefits of the Club included afternoon tea and a cocktail hour. Afternoon tea was lovely sitting in their open air restauarnt overlooking the paddy fields. You only get served a few pieces of canapes but the teas and coffees are top quality. Cocktail hour lasts for one hour and the drinks list were adequate, even including a red, white and sparkling by the glass. Lastly, there are drivers on hand to drive you into Ubud and an interntaionl newspaper is delivered daily to our villa. Each person is allowed 6 pieces of laundry per day. Each item gets washed and ironed free of charge.The restaurant was fantastic, although very quiet. I guess most people choose to eat in their villas or in town. Service was extremely attentive as a result of this and you often felt like you had booked out the whole restaurant.In short, I was totally overwhelmed by our stay at The Chedi in Ubud. It was definitely the best property we had stayed in. Our 2 bedroom estate was grand, very comfortable and so spacious, with all the luxuries included. Our private pool was wonderful as was the hotel's main pool. I loved the fact that we felt we were the only ones staying here because the property sprawls over such a large area. It felt like we had hired the whole place out. It was a lovely quiet place to come back to after the hustle and bustle of Ubud town centre. The service was faultless. The gardens were impeccable. I am now on a mission to stay at more GHM hotels around the world.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Littlespiers
<Content>Even better the 2nd Time Around My wife and I are both travel agents and we visited the Chedi in Ubud first back in Nov 2005. This experience was even better then the first. All the staff welcomed us back - even the driver from the airport - they all made an effort to acknowledge we had been there before. Our butler was fantastic - Agus - he spoilt us rotten. My wife told him she loved frangipanni flowers, so that night when we returned he had put them all over our bed and around our villa. If you can afford to stay here - make sure you do - it is well worth the money and an experience that no other will come close to.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JulesB66
<Content>Spoilt to bits! Booked a 4 night stay at The Chedi for husband's surprise birthday treat after reading positive reviews on TA.As frequent travellers, we're both quite immune to opulence. However, I must admit to feeling overwhelmed by this wonderful resort. Utmost privacy and seclusion, discreet butler service (thanks Intan!) and those beautiful padi fields. Not forgetting those oh-so-relaxing spa treatments! I eagerly anticipate our return!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Muhummed_Bali
<Content>Everyone needs the Chedi experience My wife and I recently honeymooned at the Chedi and it was possibly the best experience we have ever shared. It came after months of renovating and wedding organising so we were truly in need of a break and to be honest we probably would have been happy with an un-cluttered room near a pool. What we got however was a truly relaxed and indulgent experience. The Chedi think of everything and do it with style. We had a pool villa for 5 days after being upgraded from a regular villa. The pool villa's are the same size as a small house and provide plenty of room to move as well as the privacy of your own pool - perfect for honeymooners! The staff are super-friendly and will do anything to help you enjoy your stay. The rooms are clean and wonderfully appointed. The grounds are spotless and spacious. The services are magnificent and mostly free. They included everything from yoga classes to free cocktails by the pool to free mini-bar being topped up regularly throughout the day. Your butler will clean your room regularly, sometimes twice a day, bring you fresh fruit and drinks, take care of your laundry for you, organise day trips, drive you into Ubud, bring meals or movies to your villa, basically anything your heart desires. We both had a wonderfully relaxing stay at the Chedi and could not recommend it more. We'll definately be going back and the sooner the better. On a separate note, with the exception of breakfast (which is included) we mostly ate in Ubud and not the Chedi restaurant. This was to experience the local cuisine as well as make some financial savings. Our favourite eating spot was Mangga Madu, a small restaurant in the centre of Ubud. Delicious meals could be bought there for under 10,000 Rp or about AUD$1.20 and the service was very polite. The restaurant across the road which gives diners their own personal cabana in which to eat was also very impressive. The only restaurant that really disappointed was Mosaic. I've read reviews which claim that Mosaic is a culinary must do when in Bali. We would have to disagree. The food is good but not amazing. The service is also similar to every other eatery in Ubud. The menu however is degustation only, with or without wine and will set you back 500,000 Rp each for about 7 small courses, many of which included jelly and foam. The wine list has a good international selection but bottle prices average about 500,000 Rp also. Do yourself a favour and get a local driver to take you to Jimbaran for a seafood feast.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelbourneFoodFan
<Content>Better than ever, the Chedi Club goes from strength to strength It's always difficult going back to somewhere you've stayed and had a wonderful holiday, with a big question mark over whether it will be as good as your last visit, or the often fonder, more generous and sentimental memories you attach to a great holiday.From my many years of staying at five star hotels for work and leisure travel, one of the greatest frustrations is that the experience between one visit to a hotel and the next can be totally different. It seems consistency for many of the bigger or seemingly best hotels is hard to achieve.As it's not the cheapest hotel we've stayed at, we approached our return to the Chedi Club with some of those concerns in mind. Rest assured, after a week in the hotel (three nights in a spa villa, four in a pool villa), we judged our stay to be as good, maybe even better, than the last visit in March 2007. This is a hotel that achieves a consistent, high standard of service - always delivered with great warmth - that very few hotels seem to be able to deliver. While our butler, Arka, has moved on, many of the other staff are the same, in the restaurant, by the pool, or in the gift shop, and were as warm and welcoming as we remembered from last year. One very notable change is a new chef in the restaurant. Only a week and a half (at the time of our stay) into his new position, chef has already made a positive impact. If you're visiting, I highly recommend trying a new duck salad starter, or dessert trio (strawberry filled warm chocolate cake; vanilla bean icecream encircled in a deliciously thin layer of fresh chocolate biscuit; and strawberry soup). We were fortunate enough to be able to preview these, which I understand will be new additions to the menu, as while we both enjoy the Indonesian menu, some new additions to the international menu will be a very welcome addition.We initially wanted 7 nights in the pool villa. Due to high occupancy rates, this was not available, but the combination of three nights in a spa villa, inclusive of daily spa treatments, with four nights in the pool villa turned out to be a magic combination. I recommend asking for one of the pool villas overlooking the rice fields (numbered 5-9). If you're staying for an extended period, and don't mind a room move, the mix of spa and pool villas, is also recommended.One area I think there could be some improvement is with the butler's knowledge and ability to recommend art, craft, shopping or tour recommendations. Our butler this stay, while great in other regards, wasn't as knowledgeable in this important area as we would have liked.That said, we plan to return again next year.Other things to do:We did book a hotel car one day to visit the temple at Besaki, have lunch overlooking the volcano at Kintamani, and enjoy a coffee tasting at a nearby coffee plantation, and visit the terraced rice fields near Ubud. Highly recommended - especially with such an outstanding driver/tour guide.Venturing outside the hotel to eat, I'd suggest (in Ubud) Mozaic, Nuri's Warung, or Terazo. All quite different experiences, but good. Try the martinis or cosmopolitans at Nuri's.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelBug79
<Content>Another excellent GHM Hotel We were in a pool villa #9 over the Easter period. This is a good villa to hopefully snag, because it has the best view of the rice paddy fields. It is also a little further away from the other villas and in the corner of the rice paddy field so it has more privacy from other guests staying at the hotel. Absolutely no other guests can see you. However, speaking of privacy...... This is a working paddy field. There are local workers tending to the field all day long and they do walk in front of your pool gate from time to time. They do not stop to talk or walk in on you, but you may get a shock if you try to go skinny dipping! You will also hear them making their 'crow' call to scare off other birds, and they will often pull a string connected to a rice filled can which makes a rattling noise, also to get rid of the birds. I found this very relaxing and enjoyable to watch. It gave the place such character!The room was lovely but one thing to note is that there is only a sliding door between the bathroom and the bedroom and this sliding door has big slits through the wood so one can still see you quite clearly if you have not had a chance to put your clothes on after a shower! I usually like a bit more privacy when I have just had a shower so if you are like me, this is something to note.The butler service was first class and every care was well attended to immediately. The laundry service was perfect, do not worry about those delicate items, they will be well taken care of.The property itself is well laid out. There are golf cars if you get stuck in the rain like we did to ferry you around. Take advantage of the afternoon tea, it is a lovely time of day to be lounging on those huge day beds, watching the paddy fields. However, we must advise you that we did not enjoy the room service lunch nor the dinner at the restaurant. The breakfast was fabulous though, so it is funny that we found the dinner so dire and overpriced. Perhaps we simply made the wrong choices off the menu.For foodies, please advise your butler to make a reservation for you at the famous Mozaic restaurant. It truly is exceptional in every arena, from the food itself, to the service and the ambience. Highly recommended.The Cafe Lotus is a lovely respite from those hideous motorcyles on the street and also makes for lovely photos by the lotus pond and temple. We also dined at Ary's Warung. I enjoyed my meal which was the veal, and the service was not bad except for a small glitch at the end when they brought to us the wrong bill (so make sure you check yours)Overall, I can highly recommend the Chedi Club. Just superb. Come here if you want total peace and quiet. This is not a place for small, noisy children.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelSPSF
<Content>Fantastic find It has been about a year since our stay at the Chedi Club, but I thought I would throw in my two-cents here since it was definitely a hi-lite of our honeymoon in Bali. We spent 4 nights here after 5 nights at FS Jimbaran Bay. Our experience at the FS is what you would expect for paying the insane amounts of money per night - pretty terrific...however, it did feel a little corporate (plastic as one other poster said), and while you got personal and excellent service, given the size of the hotel, you did still feel like one of many guests cycling in and out. The service we got at the Chedi felt more sincere, it was top-notch and we just enjoyed our experience at this hotel so much more. The prices are still not cheap, relative to other things in Bali, but you do get quite a lot of value - free breakfast, butler service, free laundry, free drinks (house liquor, but includes local beer), free internet. The breakfast menu was limited, so after 4 days there, we had pretty much tried everything. We did not dine there for dinner, but we did have lunch and room service (virtually the same menu). Food was very good and servers very friendly.The grounds are very well kept, likewise our villa. We were told that the estate was designed by a respected Jakarta-based architect, and one of the villas on the ground is for his use, when he goes to Bali. We had one of the villas with the private pool (much bigger than the one we had at FS) and outside dining pavilion that looked out to the paddy fields. It was very posh. Large bedroom, closet/changing area, inside shower, outside bathtub. Bose speakers inside  out, so you can hook up your ipod and listen to music wherever. There was a DVD player which was nice to have (see below).As an aside, we were in Ubud during Nyepi (Balinese New Year), which involves a day of silence. The entire island shuts down, as does the airport. Locals are not supposed to travel, use electricity or even really go outside of their homes. The hotel advised that we stay within the compound, but we were allowed to use electricity (though they asked that use be minimized). The DVD player was handy on this day since we were basically sequestered. The day before Nyepi, there is a colorful festival of ogoh-ogoh (paper mache monsters) that the locals parade down the street. It was quite a sight. The day of silence was nice too, it made us slow down and really relax.A special mention of our butler, Arka, who was the nicest guy, and so attentive, but not obtrusive. He was also instrumental in getting us a smaller guest room after check-out time, where we could store our things and have a quick shower before our late flight back home. He was our go-to man for all our questions and needs (he even personally wrapped up some local wood carvings for us to carry home!) It was nice to have consistent interaction with one person the whole time we were there.Without a doubt, I would return to this hotel if we ever go back to Bali.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travel_man_hk
<Content>fantastic view and most relaxing experience ever!       padi field  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Stormweaver
<Content>Villas in the padi fields Found out about the Chedi Club at Tanah Gajah through tripadvisor and through a friend who had rave reviews of the Chedi at Phuket. Thought I'd give it a try, and boy, it was quite a find!Chedi Club is located at Tanah Gajah (land of the elephants), in Ubud. It's set in a padi field, which incidentally belongs to Chedi itself (yes, they grow their own rice and vegetables, apparently!). I stayed in a spa villa, which comes with its own spa facilities (small sauna, dip pool and private spa room with 2 massage beds). It was a little pricey, but good for a first experience.My review shall be in point form, so it's easier on the eyes:Good:- Rooms are big, cosy and clean- Open air rain shower- Efficient and friendly butler service- Complimentary mini bar, gin, vodka, whisky- Restaurant set in a beautiful padi field, very nice when the weather is good- Saw fireflies at night over the padi fields (for a guy who grew up in the city, it was definitely a magical moment)- Complimentary shuttle service to and from anywhere within Ubud- Free internet access (wired) within the room- Complimentary laundry. Great for regenrating your dirty clothes mid-trip!- Bose sound system in the living area and shower- Little thoughtful things like citronella spray and incense coils (for the mosquitos), torchlights and umbrellas within the room- Basically I felt that everything was taken care of! :DBAD:- Pillows are too soft (it's down, but my wife and i need good firm support pillows)If I need to complain about the pillows, I guess that this place is pretty good eh?It's definitely worth a try, especially if you like seclusion and quiet. If you are looking for action and nightlife, then this place is definitely not for you!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Robzats
<Content>Chedi Ubud is Outstanding My wife and I spent 6 nights here. The experience was outstanding. The personalised butler service is brilliant (Winda was great), the location serene and beautiful, food great and facilities top rate. Great experience but don't bring the kids unless they are quiet.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>villa9
<Content>the only thing i didnt like about the chedi is that you have to leave.. hi my name is john  i live in dunsborough western australia, i took my wife (without the kids) to the chedi for xmas  it was the most amazing experience of our life, our butler Sutari was an absolute gem she was very friendly spoke great english  she could not do enough for us, the resort is 1st class, the staff are excellent they all treat the resort as if it is there own, we had a 1 bedroom pool villa (no9) great vliia, total privacy, if you want you do not need to leave your room as the butler brings everthing to you, for any romantics out there don't hesitate book now as you will not be disap pointed, we loved it  we will be returing to this magnificent resort i can not stop talking about this place to my friends as it is somewhere every body should go once in there life.. Thank you to Helen Fox the Manager for a great stay  her personal touch at breakfast every morning..... This place is 10 star..... we loved every minute we were there, sorry for the waffle but i just want everbody to experience what my wife  i did  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oshawa_guy
<Content>A wonderful start to our Honeymoon       The flowers outside our room  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jmalux
<Content>WONDERFUL!!       Hotel pool  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>richmet
<Content>Sublime!       Villa and pond  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelguruLondon
<Content>Stunning and tranquil What a stunning sight when you enter the hotel. We loved the elephant statues and theme throughout the hotel and villas. Our pool villa was spacious and pool about 15m long.Overall I would say this is a fantastic hotel for couples and honeymooners. You can really stay away from everyone if you want to. Not really for a family like us with a 7 year old as they don't really cater for children. We knew this before so were adequately prepared but just wanted to experience the beautiful setting.We stayed for 4 nights and even though it was raining during a couple of the days - most unusual for Aug - we were happy relaxing in the covered area by our pool villa.Free laundry service is welcome particularly when you are stopping at multiple stops as we were. Our butler was very enthusiastic but perhaps not that experienced as he promised various things but did not always deliver eg we were told if there was anything we needed in the minibar other than the drinks already there, he would replenish as necessary. I wanted Corona beer but was told this would have to be paid for and not complimentary.The morning yoga classes from 8am to 9.30am were fantastic . The setting was truly tranquil as the open room overlooked the rice paddies. The massage adjacent to the gym and yoga room again overlooks the rice paddies and is peaceful.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SBandSS
<Content>Peaceful....       The Main Pool Area  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Oceansaparttravel
<Content>Peace and Tranquility I great hotel in a fantastic location with lots of open spaces surrounded by padi fields.We booked this hotel through Asia Rooms and stayed in one of the standard villa's. The villa was amazing with open air bathroom and shower and a large bedroom. We weren't bothered about getting a pool villa as were out sight seeing a lot of the time and because many villas have private pools this means there is never anyone using the main pool.We were more than shocked when we were told Gin, Vodka and Wiskey in the rooms are all free of charge. Also beer was free including the restaurant as well as cocktail hour by the pool. Unfortunately we were only there for a few nights and so didn't make full use of the free drinks. The restaurant is in a lovely setting with great views over the padi fields. We only had breakfast at the hotel but it was huge and the staff were excellent.Another great aspect was the free shuttle runs into Ubud and also the pick ups whenever you needed them. We didn't know about this in advance and thought we would be getting taxi's all the time but this made it a hug bonus. They also gave us a free lift to the airport which was great of them.Overall amazing staff, great location and lovely villa's, so a must for all visiting Ubud.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>qwertasdf
<Content>Our favorite hotel in Bali with The Legian in Seminyak       Acces to the restaurant  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Lillyana
<Content>A Dream We stayed at Chedi Club Ubud for our honeymoon and couldn't have asked for anything more during our stay. Our Butler Intan was friendly and helpful and made every effort to make our stay memorable. There was so many small touches, such as flower filled baths, flower arrangements, cakes, champagne e.t.c. It was a luxury having our washing done every day and every time we returned to our room it was spotless. The complimentary limo service was great and the driver took us to a fantastic art gallery where we could buy beautiful paintings. The food was out of this world, especially the bebek betutu (duck). I definitely recommend the Chedi for a luxurious, peaceful and romantic holiday.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FlyingAway2
<Content>Luxury combined with Serenity We went to Bali for our honeymoon and decided to split our stay between Seminyak and Ubud. While in Ubud, we stayed at the Chedi Club and it was fantastic! We were picked up from our hotel in Seminyak by a car that the Chedi sent and upon arrival, greeted by our own personal butler (yes, butler) 鈥?Sutari. As soon as we walked up the entrance stairs to the hotel, the space opens up to luscious grounds surrounded by rice fields, exotic birds, beautiful statues and architecture. The serenity of the hotel is indescribable 鈥?each villa is very secluded, decorated beautifully with full attention to detail. Since we were in Ubud for 6 nights, we decided to split our stay with 3 nights in a normal villa followed by 3 nights in a pool-villa. The normal villa is beautiful, with an outdoor bath  shower. The mini-bar and snacks are all included in the price of the room, and Sutari informed us that all laundry services were also included. At night, all you hear are the toads in the ponds that surround the villas and you feel a part of Bali that can only be experienced in Ubud. Breakfast every morning was fabulous 鈥?served either in your room or in the open air restaurant overlooking the rice fields 鈥?from fresh juices to pancakes, they have enough selection for everyone. Our pool villa was heaven 鈥?the room seemed more elegant than the normal villas, and includes an outdoor tub (shower was indoor). We ate breakfast every morning by our pool which Sutari brought and arranged for us. Since we didn鈥檛 use the pool too much (only complaint was the water was too cold), we probably wouldn鈥檛 opt for a pool villa just for the pool 鈥?it鈥檚 not very large and more of a plunge pool than anything else. Unless you want to plunge in privacy, we would suggest to use the hotel鈥檚 pool which is stunning 鈥?and while we were there, totally empty. The Chedi offers free yoga every morning (we did 1 class and it was amazing), with a true yoga professional 鈥?they supply yoga mats, towels and is done in a beautiful open air room overlooking the rice paddies. In addition, the free car service to/from Ubud Centre which the hotel supplies is priceless. All we had to do was tell Sutari what time we wanted to go into town and she would arrange for the car. When we were ready to return to the hotel at night, we would call them from the restaurant/store we were at and they would provide door to door service. Since Ubud centre is about a 10 min drive from the hotel, this was extremely helpful. The pictures on the hotels website and Trip Advisors website are infact everything you see when you are there 鈥?they just don鈥檛 do the place justice. Similarly, the personal touch that is delivered by the hotel staff and Sutari (she was absolutely amazing) was something that we鈥檝e never experienced anywhere else and made our stay that much more memorable. And just when you think you鈥檝e left the feeling of being catered to in Bali, upon arriving back to Canada, we received thank you cards from Sutari and the Chedi hotel manager. Needless to say, we would highly recommend the Chedi for anyone who is looking for seclusion and a paradise in the hills of Ubud.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>luxadvisor
<Content>Forget Amandari or Four Seasons Sayan, The Chedi Club offer the best Value !       Restaurant  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mauritiusfan2
<Content>Beautiful retreat I won't write too much, but will echo what others have said. We had only three nights there and wished we had had another night or two. We arrived from the UK, absolutely exhausted and stressed and within a day had totally relaxed. The whole ambience was calming and serene. We weren't too sure about butler service. Like others have said, it was a bit obtrusive at first, but became less so after the first day. We had a pool villa which was quite stunning and probably one of the nicest villas we have had anywhere in the world. There was a beautiful bale with table and plenty of cushions - just perfect for relaxing when the rain came over. We loved the restaurant and particularly breakfast overlooking the rice paddies. We rarely stay inland, but would go to the Chedi Club again and again. We liked the location as there was a car to take us into Ubud whenever we wanted - having said that, it was so nice to get home after a couple of hours browsing the palace and shops.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>threekidsjapan
<Content>Great value for the money We stayed at the Chedi Club for 3 nights and loved it. The grounds were beautiful. The staff was helpful with all of our requests. Breakfast in the mornings overlooking the rice paddies was excellent. Our package included breakfast, airport transfers, massages, limo to Ubud, free minibar/alcohol. This property was on par with the Amandari where we had drinks one night but much, much less in price.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>aleguay
<Content>Do not stay anywhere else. Paradise on earth! We stayed at the Chedi Club for 5 nights in May as part of our honeymoon. We had just spent a night at the 4 seasons - which is an absolutely spectacular place to stay - and at first were slightly disappointed by the quality of the buildings and felt that the resort was not quite as striking as the 4 seasons. However, our pool villa was beautiful, very modern, with beautiful furniture. The main pool is beautiful an has lovely views over the mountains and is perfect for proper swimming. Service is outstanding with non-stop treats: flower filled baths, free laundry, free limo service to Ubud, free yoga classes every morning, beautiful restaurant in the middle of the rice paddies. I could go on. This place is extremely special: it employs where possible people from the local community (the musicians come from the local 'music village'), their rice fields are organic, and there is just an incredibly warm athmosphere in the whole resort. Looking back, we would much rather stay there than the 4 seasons. This place has a wonderful soul to it, and we felt so at home. Would definitely stay there if we returned. One thing to note: our butler was absolutely lovely, but a little overbearing at first, wanting to organise everything for us, and checking on us far too many times a day. However, he sorted out scooter rental for us, it was wonderful being free to whizz around the Ubud area at our leisure; and was wonderfully kind and pleasant. We should have booked it for 10 rather than 5 nights!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>sophiecat
<Content>Very Special Place We stayed for a few days at the Chedi and I would recommend (and I have already in fact) this hotel to anyone. I had been tempted to stay at the Four Seasons but after having heard many good things of the Chedi Hotels I decided to stay here instead and I am so glad we did. This place was fabulous and you normally don't think value when you stay in a resort of this caliber but it really was good value for your money. All those extra things they include are really appreciated. I have never stayed at any hotel (good or bad ) that does your laundry free of charge?!? That being said if the hotel wasn't as nice as it was I really wouldn't have cared about the laundry. I particularly liked the touch of the private butler. - they don't have a typical front desk - every person is assigned a private butler which is at your beck and call. He took care of everything to organizing our day of sightseeing to arranging to have things (ie: large piece of furniture) shipped overseas, to dinner arrangements to a million other things. I highly recommend and will definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Quax
<Content>Fabulous Place Wonderful hotel! I can understand how someone can have concerns with birds kept in immaculately clean cages on the property, however putting this aside, the place is magnificent. Peaceful, quiet, excellent food, great place to relax and recharge the batteries. Short drive away from Ubud and the fantastic markets, etc, etc. The villas were superb - well-designed, cozy, new furnishings, good amenities, etc - we went on to the Four Seasons afterwards and I have to say that I preferred the Chedi - better quality accomodation and better staff. To comment on someone else's review as far the public toilets go - welcome to SE Asia. Wait until you get to China - Bali is sanitary in comparison! Stay at the Chedi - you will not regret it.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenniferBrisbane
<Content>Release the birds - environmentally supportive? We are Australians and have recently stayed at the Chedi Club, Ubud (March 2007). After just having stayed at the Padma Hotel, Legion, wewere looking forward to the little extras, great cocktails and great food at the Chedi Club. We were disappointed, although we are normally easily pleased. No comparison whatsoever to the complimentary cocktails and wonderful canapes lavished on us at the Padma Hotel. After settling into our beautiful villa at the Chedi Club we walked from one end of the grounds to the other (our room was up the furtherest end) to the restaurant for the so-called complimentary cocktails and canapes offered in our expensive package.We were brought a recommended cocktail which was pretty awful (the Chedi Purple!). We politely drank it, but we weren't offered another drink, although we sat there for another 30 minutes with empty glasses. Another waiter brought us canapes which consisted of two tiny little squares each - one was a curried samosa and the other was a tiny piece of bread with egg, about an inch square. Nothing more was offered, so we asked a waiter where the canapes were as we weren't sure of the process. The waiter asked us what would we like and we said we'd love some more samoses (one each so far! and they were TINY). He then asked us how many?. We just gave up at that stage. The canapes were obviously scarce as were the cocktails! I do not in any way blame the waiters for this, however, we question the management of the Chedi Club in regards to the wording of the packages (and the offering of such) that are included in our package. Complimentary afternoon tea was also very meagre. We never went back in the evening for the complimentary cocktails/canapes, it just wasn't worth the trouble. The pool villa was very beautiful and our personal butler was very lovely. However, to us, this was equivalent to 24 hr room service which you receive in all good hotels in Bali. There was one computer available until 7 pm. and quite often you had to wait to use it (we also gave up on this as well). The complimentary breakfast was fine, although we preferred the Padma Legion breakfast as there was a greater choice. Chedi Club is very exclusive and at breakfast there were only about 5 other couples/triples around, so obviously they do not offer the abundance of the larger hotels. Ubud's scenic areas are pretty around the mountains and rice paddies, but the village was a disappointment and the market is shocking unless you like being pushed and pulled around by the many people struggling to make a living selling goods. Worse than Kuta/Legion. With Bali Belly I was traumatised by having to use the public toilet right in the centre of the markets which is shockingly Third World. Some advice regarding lack of facilities could have been offered from the Chedi Club. There was a general lack of information provided in booklets in our room. Our DVD player didn't work and had to be replaced, although this was done very efficiently after finally discovering the problem. Great restaurant in Ubud town - Lamak. Fantastic service, wonderful staff, and great food there with complimentary car provided to and from this restaurant. This was our a highlight as was the beautiful villa and the great job Arka did in tidying and cleaning every day. He alsowent out of his way to get a recipe for us. The Chedi Club prides itself on its support of the environment however to see the beautifulbirds locked in tiny cages all around the grounds was a true negative, very disappointing and saddening. We'll be going back to Bali definitely...to the Padma Hotel, Legion to get the little extrasone would expect of 5 star hotels.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>MissyTLondon
<Content>Pure luxury We stayed at the Chedi for the first stop on our honeymoon. We arrived at 2am in the morning to the most beautiful and unexpected greeting - small candles glistened away in the darkness as our arrival was sounded by a gong echoing into the night. We stayed in a pool villa and felt this was the ultimate luxury. The pool is the perfect size and during the day the gates were opened giving us the views of the rice paddy fields. A personal butler, outstanding food and your own complimentary mini bar all add to the experience. Every thing has been thought of to ensure your stay is both serene and luxurious. Words cannot describe the sights and sounds this place has to offer. We cannot wait to return!!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LonelyPlanetImages
<Content>the magic almost defies description Chedi Tanah, Ubud, what can we say, the magic almost defies description, exclusive Bali (especially for those who don鈥檛 ware their luggage!)  If you want to experience pure Balinese luxury look no further 鈥?Chedi club is intimate, private and gorgeously chic 鈥?the same quality one would expect from Amman or 4 Seasons with out the price tag. An exquisite private estate resting smack bang on the edge of working rice paddy fields. The views tranquil and soothing are best captured at sun set sinking a cocktail or we felt, even better, a guided tour down through the paddy fields and back up through one of the local villages 鈥?take your camera for amazing photos that look like they come straight out of national geographic.The Chedi Club is definitely value for money there is so much included for instance- free mini bar, laundry, daily American breakfast in suite/ villa or the restaurant, limo service to Ubud, yoga, afternoon tea, happy hour, transfer to and from airport, butler service (with pool villa) We had pool villa No.9 situated on the corner of 2 paddy fields, it was so peaceful the only sounds were that of the wind chimes and the lady cooing the birds away鈥︹€?totally magical. Our Butler could not go unmentioned, Suewena was 1st class he made our holiday at Chedi seamless and special鈥?from booking restaurants, spa treatments, bring tea, arranging tours, general knowledge of the local area to tidying our villa that looked like a cyclone had hit every morning. The main pool is serene and landscaped in Balinese surroundings, it made a nice break form our private villa - you could happily survive without a private pool鈥?If you had to鈥?We believe we had the ideal combination, four days in Chedi Ubud relaxing and totally chilling then we transferred for a few days of funky chic at the Legian on the beach, two completely different experiences but made for the perfect holiday. If you like Chedi Muscat you will love these two other hotels 鈥?GHM have the mix just right its affordable luxury that has managed to capture the spirit of the culture in each hotel making each one an experience but with the same service and quality you come to expect. This is our 3rd Chedi experience and we are just wondering where will be out 4th. One small word of warning on smart hotels in Bali 鈥?wine from the near by Australia 鈥?not to mention France or US seems to cost a fortune 鈥?if you like fine wine 鈥?bring a few of your own.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travellingbrit
<Content>Perfection at the Chedi       Main pool looking over grounds  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>martali
<Content>Pretty much perfect!   showReview(5614859, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SydneyPete
<Content>Gorgeous private estate   showReview(5576512, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Heyadahl
<Content>Simply beautiful   showReview(5453505, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skyfriend
<Content>The most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed in.       Private pool with fields beyond  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just perfect!   showReview(5380761, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jaye_w
<Content>Fabulous and Fantastic Chedi   showReview(4559993, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Peaceful Oasis!   showReview(4281025, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trully excellent!!   showReview(4147514, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rc_traveller
<Content>Best hotel in the world   showReview(3947009, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Utopia!!!   showReview(3881834, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JEZI
<Content>un vrai hotel de luxe dans un cadre exceptionnel   showReview(21662544, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sistina_Tokyo_Japan
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄鏈濋   showReview(20891512, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>銇熴亜銇°仯銇?> 銇熴亜銇°仯銇?</a> </div>
<Content>妤藉湌銇с仚   showReview(20797854, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>raregroove1968
<Content>銉涖儐銉伄銇┿亾銇с倐銇忋仱銈嶃亽銇俱仚   showReview(20442912, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>tzilia
<Content>Le paradis au milieu des rizi茅res   showReview(19609218, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ц嚜鐒躲伄涓仹銉儵銉冦偗銈?#x201d;   showReview(19172002, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Senatoren
<Content>Wunderbar!   showReview(14574255, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇熴倞銇с亶銇俱仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19169541, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐢般倱銇笺伀鍥层伨銈屻仧妗冩簮閮?#x201d;   showReview(19164424, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flyparis
<Content>plenitude total...   showReview(8260114, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>raphaelle
<Content>paradis   showReview(7616386, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>poupougne
<Content>un havre de paix   showReview(7201925, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

