<Author>GEOFFS3
<Content>Unremarkable You other Trip Advisors are dead on (aren't we always?). This place is simply another vanilla-issue charmless airport hotel. It's not bad, but it's not great. This property used to be a Holiday Inn Select. A couple years ago, they slapped on some new paint and they now call it a Crowne Plaza.There really isn't a whole lot to say. I mean it's like trying to describe a piece of white bread that's been sitting out for a couple days. Got it?If you get a really cheap deal, go for it. Otherwise, look on.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>FromVegas
<Content>Another airport hotel... What should be a great hotel suffers from infrastructure weaknesses. They should consider spending a few dollars on fixing sound problems.We checked in to room 405 around 11 PM and the hotel was very quiet. Nice staff. The room had no toilet paper (one empty roll and one with less than 10 sheets left) but the staff got us a roll quickly. There was a used towel. The room was decently appointed although the cover on the light fixture in the bathroom was torn (this was reported by another TripAdvisor reviewer a few months ago and I hope this isn't the same room and they have chosen to ignore the problem). The shower curtain was too short and I would guess that they measured the width of the shower without adding extra for the circular shower rod. A nice feature was the relaxation CD set up on the clock-radio/CD player. The beds and pillows were comfortable. We slept very soundly.Then at about 5 AM the noise started. Delivery trucks and plane noise were very apparent. I checked to see if the windows were dual paned and they were, but they were really cheap and the inside glass rattled when I tapped it. There was no way they were modern low-e units. The hotel would be smart to upgrade these. Perhaps also add thicker drapes.The room next door had an alarm go off at around 7 AM and there was no one in the room to turn it off. People talking in the halls also was distracting. At 8 AM the cleaning staff walked in without a knock.Disappointing given the quality of desk staff, wonderful beds, and overall nice layout, location, and furnishing of the rooms.I did get the room from Priceline and this is probably the worst room in the hotel. For that I got six solid hours of great sleep. They could really improve the noise level with upgraded windows and I could have made it eight hours of great sleep . There's about 300 rooms so that's some major money but it's a business expense that would remove most of my criticisms of this potentially great hotel.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	5	2	5	

<Author>TravelerMinnesota
<Content>This is a Crowne Plaza??? I usually love staying at Crowne Plaza, but this hotel was disappointing. The front desk staff was helpful and went out of way to help with directions and services but could not compensate for slightly shabby lobby and room that was well worn. Halls worn and had some unvacuumed areas, room small and overlooking parking lot, curtains clipped shut. Slightly stale smell. Tears in wallpaper covered with some paint or something, okay bed but just not what I am used to from this hotel chain. One of the elevators was out of service, but no sign, another guest told use we may as well quit waiting. Ice machine on our floor not working. No complimentary coffee in lobby for early departure though small coffee pot in room and coffee, but water was not available and tap water not so good here for coffee. Shuttle to airport was great, ontime and fast. Internet available. Computer in lobby with worn and dirty keys - well it was there and free but get me some sanitizer. Hall walls thin, as I was unlocking the door to my room I could hear fingernail clipping in the room across the hall. Yikes. Fortunately the guest staying the night I did were quiet guests, otherwise I think it could have been a long night. At a budget hotel I would expect what I found but not a Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	5	3	

<Author>AroundTheWorldInADay
<Content>Poor Crowne Plaza This is the worst Crowne Plaza I have ever visited. Although the hotel was renovated at some point, as evidenced by the lobby and some updates to the room decor, this hotel is not one that I would recommend.Upon reaching the airport, it took over 20 minutes for the shuttle to show up after I called the hotel. Since I arrived at night, I thought this was a little long considering a key selling point of this hotel is that it is an airport hotel.I had emailed the hotel my requests related to my room, as I am a light sleeper and need quiet to sleep through the night. I am also a member of the hotel chain's loyalty program. No one responded to my email, which was sent through the property's website at least one week prior to my arrival. After discussing my preferences with the front desk person upon arrival at the property, I was given a room on the quiet floor. In the first two minutes in the room, I heard train whistles blaring. OK, let's try another room... The next room features the delightful sounds of aircraft engines. I have stayed at other airport properties (including one at LHR) before and have not heard this much noise. I don't think this property is familiar with the concept of sound-proof or double-glazed windows. I suppose that I should just be grateful for the earplugs and the Sleep Advantage CD in the room.The room is too dark. The lamps do not provide enough light. The lighting in the bathroom is also too dark. The light fixture in the bathroom has a broken covering, too.Now here's the gross part. I always request two beds, even when I travel solo because the beds are not always up to my standards. I figure with two beds if something is wrong with one, I still have another. Well, in my room at the Crowne Plaza, the first bed has someone else's hair on it. I am not talking about one random strand that may have fallen off the housekeeper as she was making the bed. I am talking about several hairs of different lengths and textures. There is no way that someone could have made that bed and not seen all of that hair on the white sheet -- especially since the hair was jet black!!! The other bed did not show any obvious filth, and given the late hour of my check in tonight (and being on my second room in this hotel), I chose to use the second bed and plan to address the housekeeping issue with management in the morning.There is one bright spot -- the free wireless internet!What an overall disappointment! There are many hotel options in Phoenix, I recommend you avoid this one!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	3	

<Author>Travel2008Canada
<Content>Poor service Had to wait over half an hour for the free shuttle from the airport. The staff member at check in was very friendly and accomodated our needs. However, the staff at check out were extremely rude and unfriendly. The food was below par, not what I would expect from a Crowne Plaza hotel. Overall the hotel is clean and nicely decorated, however the service and food need work!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>MM72
<Content>This plaza deserves no crowne We (my wife, 2 children, and myself) got this hotel through priceline and we were glad we got it at a low rate, because I would have been *upset* if I booked through the hotel directly and paid their high rate. I would classify this hotel as a 2 star. The staff was unable to help me locate a nearby restaurant. The DOUBLE beds were way to small for two adults to sleep in. The down pillows provided no support for our heads. The pool was freezing and the jacuzzi is literally only big enough to accomodate 3 people comfortably...which we didn't get to use, but tried. The parking structure was crowded. The coffee pot did't work. Need I go on?After getting NO sleep the night before, I had to wake up the next morning and drive 6 hours to Anaheim, CA, where we stayed at a Hilton - but that's a different review.From now on I will go for a higher price and a higher star level so that I will not get this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	2	2	4	

<Author>maryMI
<Content>Very Disappointed Rated a 3-star, but barely a 2-star. Only positive was a comfortable bed and close to airport for early morning flight. Needed to use pull out sofa, which hotel knew about, but linens were not provided. Arrived late and had to wait for housekeeping to bring linens for sofa bed which sagged badly in the center.Room was in desperate need of deep cleaning. Carpet filthy and bathtub was so old it couldn't be cleaned. Requested 3:30 AM wake-up call at check-in, but did not receive one.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>ArizonaViajera
<Content>Very Comfortable beds We booked this hotel for the night before flying out and left our car parked at the hotel for the duration of our trip.Staff very nice and polite, from the bell boy to the valet, reception desk and shuttle driver. Would definately stay there again. Very nice beds and linens, just what you would expect from Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>PrincessClassy
<Content>Nice hotel but not a pleasant stay Stayed the weekend of July 18, 2008. Room was very nice, clean with a very comfortable bed. However, upon checking in, there was NO parking except a very few on the top outside level during our entire stay. The hotel had some sort of mid evil convention going on that made me very uncomfortable. Most of the guest wore costumes and makeup that gave a dark side look. We wanted to swim both nights we were there, however the pool was over crowded late nights into the early mornings and was left unclean making it not very inviting to swim. The lounge was always crowded with no seating available and the outside entrance to the hotel always had a large group of smokers over crowding the area. It made me ill to smell and see all the cigarettes in the ash tray each day. Overall, if I had to stay at this hotel again, I would have to ensure that there would be no conventions of this sort prior to my making reservations.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>howler5
<Content>Beautiful room! Stayed at the Crowne Plaza Phoenix Airport Hotel June 27-28, 2008. Because I am a Priority Club member they upgraded my room to the 8th floor which required an elevator key to get to that floor. The room was immaculate, large, and very comfortable. I did not notice much noise from the airport as some of the previous reviewers have mentioned. I could not have been more pleased with the king size bed and overall accomodations. the front desk staff were helpful and courteous. The only negative was the hotel restaurant was understaffed and service was poor. I ate breakfast one morning and the buffet food was very well prepared and tasty. There was no greeter to meet you when you entered the restaurant and it took an act of God to get a 2nd cup of coffee. But I would definitely stay at this hotel again. Especially for the $62 per night rate I got with my Entertainment Card.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrsanderson
<Content>Handicap rooms have very small beds For the price, we were very happy with our stay but did not use any of the restaurant facilities. The Lounge was nice, but small, and when there was a large group in the hotel on Friday night, it was hard to find seats. We booked a handicap room for my parents as my dad uses a motorized scooter. The room was large and easy to manuever around however, they only had a double bed in there. As most people with mobility issues are larger, this bed proved to be quite small for my parents. If the oversized desk chair and ottoman was removed, a queen or king bed would easily fit in this room. Our regular room didn't have an ottoman but this one did. As far as the regular room went, we didn't have any housekeeping issues as previous reviewers shared but it was quite unusual to find an absence of pens and writing material, save for 2 envelopes. This is a business hotel so I would expect something in the desk drawer. There wasn't even a notepad or hotel pen. I would stay here again but only if I used Priceline for the discounted rate.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>copshop127
<Content>slept well Stayed 4/28/08. Front staff was polite and efficient. Room was clean and comfortable. Bed and linens were comfortable. Enjoyed pool and hot tub. I was kind of worried because of some of the reviews I read. I booked through priceline for $70. I was very satisfied.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>P_Tyke
<Content>Good choice if you want to 'get your head down' We flew to Phoenix via Atlanta at the start of a road-trip which took in Arizona, southern Utah and Las Vegas. As our flight wasn't due to arrive until early evening, we decided to stay at the Crowne Plaza, so we could 'get our heads down' and collect our hire car fresh the following morning, rather than tangle with the Phoenix traffic when tired after our journey. We were allocated a well-furnished double room with comfortable king-size bed and the only complaint we had was the noise of the air conditioning. Breakfast next morning provided plenty of choice - they have a cook in the restaurant to produce omelettes to order if you want one - and although the bacon was a little overcooked for my taste, this proved to be the norm in this area of the USA. This hotel probably deserves an above average rating, but we didn't have an evening meal there, so I can't comment on the entire package.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>genius1926
<Content>Glad its not my money I have ha to stay at this hotel regularly over the past 3 months and at first it seemed like a nice eogh hotel. Breakfast buffet is $12 and the coffee is cold always, service highly inconsistent. Housekeeping is HORRIBLE. The firsy two nights I ever stayed, I had to go to a Target up the road to get shampoo and conditioner as there never was any left in the room (I originally thought that was not provided) and after I did, I suddenly had an abundance of house-provided toiletries. I have been placed in a room with blood on the white fabric shower curtain, a room with hair all over the shower, and a room that smelled like it used to be a smoking room, a room where another guest had a dog that barked all night, and twice of my seven stays I have had a pleasant, clean, decent room. The bartenders are good-one of the positives of the hotel. The coffee is always cold and I agree with the review saying it tastes like dirtywater. My employer pays for the room; if it was my money, I'd find a nicer hotel with a cheaper price tag  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>redlands
<Content>great value if discounted; ridiculous at rack rate I used Priceline for the first time and ended up at this Phoenix airport hotel on Monday, March 31. I thought it was a great deal for the $51 plus taxes and fees that I paid. I especially liked the large outdoor pool. They claimed that it was heated. If so, it was minimally heated, but nevertheless I was able to enjoy a long swim. Pool hours are good: from 6 AM to midnight. There were three other adults and five children in the pool while I did my laps. The pool was big enough to accommodate all of us.One thing that impressed me about the Crowne Plaza was the responsiveness of the front desk staff. As soon as the elevator doors opened on the sixth floor, supposedly a quiet, non-smoking floor, I could smell lots of cigarette and cigar smoke. As soon as I got to my room I called the front desk and the person who spoke with me took this very seriously. He said he would send a building engineer up there. A few hours later, after I returned to the hotel from an appointment, the hall smelled much better. The housekeeping staff told me that someone had been up there working on it with increased ventilation to the area. I really appreciated their effort to make things right.The rooms are basic chain hotel rooms and are comfortable, but they are definitely not worth the approximately $200 being asked at the hotel's website for this date. Based on this experience with Priceline and another in December with Hotwire, both in Phoenix, I would highly recommend trying Priceline or Hotwire for Phoenix airport hotels instead of booking through traditional sources..  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>sungoddess95
<Content>Dissapointed I travel a lot and stay at many different classes of hotels. When booking The Crowne Plaza I expected it to be pretty good. Upon walking in the lobby I was very impressed. The lobby is very nice with a business center including computers and printers that are easily accessible. There is a mini gift shop with snacks, drinks and even microwave dinners that is open 24 hours. The restaurant and bar looked nice and there is even a Starbucks stand that is open until 1pm daily. Once I got to my room though... I was very dissapointed. The room had a terrible odor. The toilet and shower was dirty. It looked like the room had not been cleaned properly after it was used last. Honestly - I was afraid to use the cups provided (I went to the gym and got plastic cups for my water). I kept the window open to try and air out the room to get out the smell but was cold because the beds aren't very warm. There is a very rough waffle blanket over the sheet that could be felt all night against my skin - not very comfortable. I could hear a train going by during the night, then before I needed to wake up the alarm in the room next to me was going off and never did get shut off. In the morning, I went to order room service breakfast, but could only find a lunch and dinner menu. I called and ordered french toast, bacon with a side of fresh strawberries and a pot of coffee. The coffee was horrible - tasted like dirty water. The french toast was cold (the butter wouldn't even melt - it too was right out of the fridge, or maybe freezer!). The bacon was probably crispy when it was hot, but now cold it was rubbery. The strawberries were good... they were cold too (the only thing I wanted cold!)I think this hotel does not live up to the price.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	1	5	4	5	

<Author>Cali78
<Content>Fine Stayed one night while in Phoenix on business. The lobby is nice, rooms are clean, and shuttle to the airport was convenient. The one problem was I was given an already occupied room upon check-in. When I went back down to the lobby (a little annoyed as it was late and I had an early flight), the staff told me there wasn't anyone in that room and that I should have tried the handle. They did give me a new room fairly quickly.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>fencingmom2007
<Content>Nicer on the inside I booked this through Hotwire, and stayed with my husband and daughter for one night. Though from the outside the neighborhood and hotel look a bit sketchy (as does everything around the PHX airport), the inside has been renovated and it is much nicer than you would think. The rooms are quiet, spacious, and updated. The hotel cafe is nice a reasonably priced with a real restaurant with updated options and a starbucks stand. In order to access the floors you must use your room key in the elevator, which provides an extra sense of security. For a quick stay if you get into town late or have an early flight to catch the following day, I would recommend this hotel as a safe, reasonably priced choice.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>guyinca
<Content>A Nice Place My experience at this hotel was just fine. Check-in was easy, the staff friendly, and the room clean and comfortable. I liked the free parking, except that one cannot turn left out of the lot, and there is some distance to go on Washington before a U-turn can be made. But a closer U-turn slot is almost ready to be opened, along with the new Metro.Yes, the tv's are old, but that was about the only problem I saw.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LocationIntelligent
<Content>Lipstick on a pig Used Hotwire for the first time to get a room near the airport. Everything was 200 plus, ended up getting placed here for 135. The rooms are newly renovated, but they are still very dingy. The ceilings in the room were very low, I could flat palm them and I'm not very tall. There was an unpleasant odor in the room. It was like it used to be a smoking room and then was converted to non-smoking. Or maybe it was just mold. Couch had questionable stains. TV was ANCIENT! Very poor picture quality and non-existant sound. It didn't help that I had stayed at the Hyatt Place North Phoenix the previous night with a 42 plasma.The AIRPORT SHUTTLE was excellent and the whole reason for the stay. I had an 8am flight and did not want to deal with returning a rental and driving in the morning. There were several pilots and flight attendants on the bus as well. I believe the guy said it runs every 15 in the peak morning hours and every half hour during the day.In short, If you have an early flight it is worth the stay. I would use Hotwire and select 3-star hotel near the airport. I wouldn't pay $2xx+ for this room though.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	3	3	3	

<Author>FrqTravlr
<Content>Overnight was great I stayed in this hotel overnight while traveling through the Phoenix airport. I called for a courtesy pick up and the person who answered my call directed me to the pick up location and the driver showed up in the time she indicated. While this might not seem too difficult, you would be surprised. The check in process was quick and efficient. The business center is two computers in the lobby. That was the only negative. While someone spent 45+ minutes checking their e-mail and another spent 45+ minutes looking at internet dating sites I got pretty annoyed I couldn't print out my boarding pass. The front desk staff gave me a key to the concierge room on the 10th floor (I'm Platinum with InterCont). This solved my problem. The room service meal was excellent (awesome Salmon) and the HVAC and internet connections were perfect. I was at the airport and through security in 20 minutes from this location (I used the elite security line). I will stay here again when in Phoenix.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>DiggerNePa
<Content>Where is the coffee, helllooo? I had a specific issue that was handled very poorly by the (probably overworked and underpaid) staff at this hotel. I took home the letter from the manger - Chris Torsleff - from the notebook in the room where is says he hopes the hotel 'exceeds your expectations' well actually it failed to meet industry standards. I found a major discrepancy between services advertised vs service provided when it came to trying to get a cup of coffee at 5 AM. The in-room notebook states that 'Barnie's Coffee Kiosk opens at 5 am daily' and the hotel proudly advertises in the lobby they brew Starbucks - neither was true. When I came down to the lobby for my coffee, no one was there, I had to yell for a front desk person, I asked him where was the coffee - he said no weekend service, I had to walk to Circle K down the road. I went back up to my room and brought down the notebook and showed him the part where it says '5 am daily' and he was perplexed, shrugged his shoulders and said they are always closed on weekends and he didn't know why it said that in our room literature. I find it hard to believe I was the first person to bring this contradiction to his attention, actually there were lots of people (airline personnel) milling around and I heard several mentioning 'coffee'. Then, when the onsite restaurant opened at 6 am, I went to get my Starbucks and mentioned how I had been waiting since 5 am for it. They told me a very weird story about 'the woman who runs the Starbucks machine was in a car accident and they were trying to cover....鈥?asserting only one staff member was capable of doing it?! And then they gave me the WORST cup of coffee I had ever had. It was SO not Starbucks, and I intend to cc this comment essay to them so they know to check up on the property's representation of their product. They still charged me more than 2x what the same cup would have been at a Starbucks - $2.44 (didn't even offer to comp it to me for the mis-advertised 'opens at 5 am') and I returned it after two sips, saying no way it was Starbucks, and I didn't ask for a refund and they didn't offer. I spent $35 on room service at the hotel and travel to Phx often, but I will avoid the hotel in the future as I was very disappointed in the service. The staff really didn't know how to handle a client, and no one seemed very concerned about the fact that Starbucks - a very famous name with an excellent reputation, was being represented so poorly.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	3	1	3	

<Author>ArmandoLosAngeles
<Content>Crowne Plaza Phoenix should be ashamed I stayed at the Crowne Plaza in January, 2008 and I would not recommend it at all.For the price I paid, ($604 for three nights) I expected more from a hotel. I booked about 3 weeks in advance and paid in advance - they sent me a confirmation email and I thought everything was fine. I arrived and they told me that my reservation had been cancelled. No one called me and I had no idea. I was fortunate that they had a room and for the same price but it was very disconcerting.Next thing was that the food in their only restaurant was terrible.Also, the TV in my room was old and had a blurry picture  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ki77
<Content>Bad management I was a participant in the Phoenix Rock n Roll Marathon, and booked this hotel, using Priority Club points, because the Marathon website listed the hotel as having a race day shuttle for hotel guests.I arrived at the hotel, and upon check in asked for a shuttle schedule. The representative at the desk told me that there wasn't a shuttle, that one was arranged for by a private party, booked separately through the Sales Department. She told me that I would need to provide my own transportation to the race start. After a couple of questions, I finally asked to see the manager.While I was waiting for the manager to arrive, one of the other gals gave me a snotty smile, and stated, Sorry for the misinformation and walked away.After 15 minutes, the Front Desk manager arrived and told me that the shuttle was included in a special marathon rate and that it had been sold out for 3 months. I informed him that was not what was listed on the website, or I would have booked accordingly. He said,  I know the information was wrong, but there is no shuttle. I asked him how we could solve this, and he only replied, You'll have to take a taxi. There were other guests in the lobby who also booked for that hotel on the pretense that there was a race day shuttle, who were now without transportation.The manager was unwilling to help remedy the situation, and only took the position that I booked the wrong rate. The next morning, after being dropped off by alternate transportation, I was informed that the Crown Plaza shuttle was stuck in traffic miles back and that the race participants would not make the start time.My previous experiences with Crown Plaza hotels, and the ICP chain in general is that they have great customer service and are willing to help. The attitude of the entire front desk to a barrage of employees was unacceptable. This was a big event, and due to misadvertising, it was spoiled for many.I would not recommend this hotel. Their management is not concerned about guest satisfaction.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Moxy12
<Content>We felt like we hit the jackpot...for what we paid!!!! Great Stay!! Booked this hotel through HOTWIRE for a 1 night stay... we paid ONLY $50, and it exceeded our expectations!The hotel seems to be fairly updated as far as decor, and amenities, our room (#201) was beautiful... We had a view of the side parking lot, which wasn't a problem... we were just there awaiting our flight in the morning...We had dinner at the hotel's restaurant... it was ok...did not feel that the food was worth the money, but we had to eat.Check out was fine, we ordered The Bourne Ultimatum and my fiance was so impressed that he was able to rewind it at the end to watch the ending again... ($12.99 for the movie...)Shuttle was ON TIME, and quick over to Sky Harbor airport... driver was very helpful w/ luggage, etc... Would definitely recommend this hotel to EVERYONE!!!(if you need to stay in the airport area...) We don't normally stay in airport areas, but this time it just made sense for an early flight, and we had already dropped off our rental car after a Grand Canyon holiday :)Its worth the gamble on Hotwire...we scored this hotel, as well as the Radisson Airport which was also fantastic for the $45 we paid!!Good Luck everyone!! If you have any questions, pls let me know.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelmomWesternN_C_
<Content>superb value We booked this room through Hotwire, sight unseen. Boy, was I delighted. It was outstanding for what I paid. Very nice motel. Easy parking. Nice large outdoor pool and jacuzzi. Would highly recommend it for anyone traveling through Phoenix.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luna441
<Content>Perfect for a quick airport stay-over Got a halfway decent deal on this hotel through hotwire. Of course, hotwire doesn't tell u what hotel you booked until after you agree to it, but that was fine. As soon as Hotwire booked me, I checked the forum and saw the so-so reviews. I hoped it would be fine for us. We're pretty low-maintance people really, so unless something was really gross or problematic about it, I figured it would be a fine place to crash for the night.We flew into Phoenix and only planned to take the shuttle to this hotel, sleep the night, and then shuttle ourselves back to the airport to get our rental car and drive up to the grand canyon. That's exactly what we did, so I didn't spend MUCH time at this place.But what I can tell you is that it was just fine. No problems at all. Yes, there is construction out front, but we took the shuttle there and back, so finding it or negotiating around construction was no issue for us. Check in was quick and painless, though granted it was about 1 in the morning. Room and bed were both comfy. View was of the lovely parking garage next door, but we didnt care about that. We were there to crash.Only complaint really was that the shower wasn't hot enough. Lukewarm. If we were gonna spend more than one night, that would have been unacceptable to us. But we dealt with it. (Told you we were pretty low maintance)But I did mention the not hot shower upon check out. And the front desk guy (who was very cute and nice) immediately offered us a complementary breakfast because of the water situation. Very nice. Breakfast was good. Hard to complain about a free meal.All in all - if we were gonna fly into Phoenix again and needed a crashpad hotel again, we would go ahead and book the Crowne Plaza again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>nobadkarma
<Content>Decent hotel, terrible location We stayed at the Crowne Plaza Phoenix Hotel because it was close to the airport. The hotel itself is nice - we were upgraded to the tenth floor (although I never found out what rooms on the other floors were like, so I can't say if this was an upgrade or not), and the hotel has many amenities. Unfortunately, it is right next door to an airport shuttle parking lot. Every time one of the shuttle buses would back up out of a parking spot, we'd hear the beep-beep-beep backup alarm. The windows in our room were pretty thin, so every street noise was like we were camping on the sidewalk. Apparently 44th is a pretty busy street, and from the sound of it, there is Harley drag racing on Saturday nights from 11:00 pm to 2:00 am. Oddly, the only noise that wasn't bothersome was the noise of planes, which were landing every couple of minutes. The restaurant was expensive and had no vegetarian options. Washington Street was a construction nightmare with the city's installation of a light-rail system. I really don't think I'd stay there again, even if the room was free.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>zProsperity
<Content>Mediocre hotel Stayed here recently for an extended business trip. The hotel was difficult to find due to the light rail construction in front of it. It is in a proximity near some eateries and shopping centers if you can navigate around the construction.Pros:1. Good size rooms2. Comfy beds with lots of pillows3. Alarm clock has CD player4. Front desk staff has printed instructions on nearby things to do.5. Shuttles to/from airport6. Excellent room serviceCons1. Dirty carpet. If you wear white socks, you were warned.2. On site restaurant is sloooooowwww!!! They have excellent food but the key is to get room service and you get your meal in 30 minutes. If you wait in the restaurant, well...just be prepared to wait. It took our meal 2 hours to arrive!!!3. All of the construction!4. Musty smell (probably b/c of carpet)  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	5	2	4	

<Author>dizzyblondekim
<Content>Awesome After a three hour delay in Cancun, hungry, tired, cranky and missing our connection to Seattle en route to Vancouver, BC, US Airways put us up at the Crown Plaza. Waiting for over a 1/2 hour for the Crown Plaza shuttle, leary of what was in store, but not anymore. The front desk employee was off his time card but stepped up to the plate to get us weary travelers a room, room service and resturants being closed. Asked the front desk for a bit of milk for my tea, he gladly got it for me. Room 1007 was great, clean, comfortable , king bed, I will be purchasing new linnens shortly. The most confortable bed and fluffiest of linnes I've ever slept in. Thought I'd try room service even for a cup of tea or what have you, since we were starving. The young fella delivered an assortment of muffins and fresh pastries and an assortment of teas and honey, and he was happy to. So greatful. If stranded again, wouldn't bat an eye to be stranded at the Crown Plaza.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rainbwblu
<Content>its a place to stay We stayed here for 2 nights Feb 7-9, 07. We booked this hotel thru Priceline. We werent sure where to stay and just trusted Priceline and their Pick a Price deal.Well, first of all it can be difficult to get to the hotel. It is right along the construction of the new light rail along Washington. We figured out a way to get around that though.Parking can be a pain. There is a parking ramp next door to the hotelthough.The hotel is nothing special. The front desk people were okay.The rooms are nothing special either. Bed was a bit hard actually..I guess I just dont have much to say about this place. Its a place to sleep. Nothing special. Actually, its just an easily forgotten stay.We probably wouldnt stay here again. Even with the construction completed, its not worth the money we paid - even on Priceline.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>btowndude
<Content>Nice Weekend Stay! I just returned from a very nice weekend (2/8-12) stay at this hotel. This was my second visit to this hotel. The interior has been remodeled and the front desk staff is certainly more helpful and friendly than my previous visit in 2005. I requested and received a non-smoking room with a mountain or eastern view (odd-numbered) room. However, the first room must have been that same smoky room mentioned in a previous review. There was no problem moving to a new room. [ NOTE: The Arizona no-smoking in public areas law does not go into effect until April. And hotels are exempt from this law. ] Several hotel guests during my stay just disregarded no smoking signs and smoked their cigars and cigarettes in their rooms, the lobby, and the elevators. Although I booked this room through Priceline, I was upgraded to a Priority level floor (9th floor in a 10 story hotel). The room was nicely furnished and included a microwave and a small refrigerator. I did not find the noise level of the h/ac to be louder than any other hotel's under window unit. I slept late most mornings and found the housekeeping staff to be very quiet and efficient.The hotel is located in a commercial/light industrial area. There isn't any scenic beauty or nice landscaping. It is convenient to the airport and to main freeways. This hotel was one of the quietest airport hotel that I have stayed. The light rail construction has eliminated left turn access into and out of the hotel and requires several u-turns to enter and exit.The 24/7 access to the pool, the fitness center, and the business center were welcomed amenities. Overall, I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrequentRoadWarrior
<Content>Would NEVER stay here again Stayed here for a corporate meeting - 3 nights. Many in our group had no hot water for showers, my room had a leak from the tub that had soaked the carpet adjacent to the bed. The heater units were loud and seemed to have only two settings - very high and higher. The heaters also emitted a terrible smell, and in one case fumes/smoke set off the smoke detector in a person's room. In my room, the television had no sound on some channels and didn't get other channels at all (my room didn't get Fox during the football playoffs - others were able to watch the game from their room, while I had to sit in the bar). The food was mediocre and the overall appearance was threadbare. In short, this is a hotel you would stay in only if you were stuck in Phoenix because of a cancelled flight; I can't imagine anyone intentionally choosing to stay here given so many other choices in Phoenix.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	3	2	2	

<Author>djrobsd
<Content>A solid buy if you get a good deal $$$ This hotel has been recently renovated, and the furnishings inside the room are very West Elm or Pottery Barn chocolate black looking. I really liked the change from the usual hotel furnishings that one would find. I stayed in a king non-smoking room on the second floor, and my bed was absolute heaven. Crowne Plaza makes sure you get a good nights sleep with comfortable beds and down comforters as well as free earplugs and eye mask. In addition, they also give you a sleep CD which you can put into the CD alarm clock radio they have next to the bed for a good nights rest. On the CD you will find several tracks of relaxation exercizes to help you get a good nights rest.One word to the wise, the HOT water in this hotel is SCALDING hot. Enough that they could be opening themselves up to a lawsuit, it's practically boiling hot temperature, so if you have kids traveling with you, be cautious of the hot water!!I did not use the pool or jacuzzi, but they are both outdoors and open 24 hours, which is a nice change from the usual closed at 10 attitude that most hotels have. The work out room, which I did use, is also open 24 hours, and has 2 treadmills, 2 bikes, and 1 eliptical machine. The cardio equipment seemed nice, but the weight equipment was limited and a bit dated. Checkin was fast and easy, I didn't have to wait long, and was given my request for a room on a lower floor.This is a mid-rise hotel, and the parking garage is DEATCHED from the hotel so you have to take the elevator down to the ground floor and then walk a few short steps into the hotel lobby. This could be an inconvenience for those traveling with pets, although I can't say what the hotel's policy is for pets, there is no easy access from parking to your hotel room, it all flows through the lobby.There is a huge light rail construction going on out in front of the hotel property. This makes access to the hotel a bit of a pain, as well as having to deal with some construction noise during the day time. For those who don't like construction, I would stay elsewhere, or call ahead and ask the hotel if the construction is complete, but I don't think it will be finished until mid-2008.In addition, this hotel is close to the airport, so you will hear planes taking off from your room. If this is a problem, stay elsewhere. I was so tired, and the bed so comfortable, i was able to fall asleep and tune out the airport noises.Aside from the construction and the airport noise, this hotel is a great buy, I got it for $52 a night on Priceline, and the little Crown Plaza touches are nice.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Chickenbiscuit
<Content>Great suprise through Hotwire! My family stayed at the Crowne Plaza Airport for one night before our flight out of Phoenix to Atlanta. I was amazed at the value we received from our $50 Hotwire purchase! A quiet, extremely comfortable room on the 10th floor with a terrific view of the south mountains of Phoenix and the busy airport area. Nice quiet hotel, very attentive and friendly staff at every turn, and we left our car in the hotel garage during our week-long trip for $7 per night, a dollar cheaper than the OPEN parking at the Phoenix airport! Great hotel! Thank you Crowne Plaza Phoenix and we'll definately recommend to our friends.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>milltripper
<Content>Fantastic airport hotel Although this hotel is rated as a 3-star, the customer service is far beyond that. We stayed 2 nights and never had a problem. The hotel shuttle airport pick-up was prompt and carried chilled water bottles for passengers. The clerk at check-in greeted us with a smile and check-in went smoothly. The room was newly decorated and even provided hotel robes. Our room had a large work desk, sofa with coffee table, and the beds had the fluffiest comforter I've seen at a hotel in awhile. The beds are so comfortable I hated to get up each morning. From the window was an expansive view of the mountains and the airport with planes departing and arriving constantly. (When using the elevator you will need to insert your room key to activate it.)Although we did not eat at the restaurant did use room service. Most menu items are reasonably priced and the food was quite good. And again, the service was prompt and at the room door in 15 to 20 minutes. This is an airport hotel I tell friends about.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lilaki
<Content>Good Stay Booked four nights on Hotwire for $53...a great deal for a nice hotel. The room was very comfortable - great king size bed, nice linens and towels, spacious etc. Location was fairly central to everything we wanted to do in Phoenix. Laundry service is very handy for longer-term travelers. Downsides: 1) Service at the front desk is indifferent at best. They were unable to recommend restaurants, sightseeing, etc. Not very tourist friendly at all. But if you do your own research, you should be fine. 2) Our initial room was a non-smoking but REEKED of smoke when we opened the door. Instead of immediately offering us a new room, they offered to deodorize the room. The stench of cigarette smoke was unbelieveable so we fought for a new room. Would've been nice if they just offered us the new room instead of having to argue for it. Otherwise, the location was great, the room was nice, and the price was right!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>California Sun
<Content>AP shuttle every 30 mins and inexpensive food in the bar! Airport shuttle  cheap parking $6 bucks a day!! Not only was this a great hotel the airport shuttle runs 24 hours a day 7 days a week every 30 minutes. PLUS you can leave your car at this hotel for a mere $6 a day and its COVERED PARKING. We had early flights to leave out for NJ. We drove into this lovely hotel the night before from CA (4 hour ride) and found superb service after a long ride needing to get up early. The greeter at the front counter was a nice touch. She introduced herself and the hotel asked if we had reservations and had nice little hot and cold appetizers. Not your usual junk. The bar crew was super fun. We relaxed with a drink and had an INEXPENSIVE meal at the bar. Anytime you can get a hotel meal for $7.99 you are doing fantastic! This is a seperate menu from the formal dining room and it was great. More than we could eat and at a fantastic price. The room is classic Crown Plaza Resort fine touches. The CD I love and you get to keep for free (and I lost last year) of relaxation sounds and tension relief exercises you do in bed (I always fall asleep before the end). lavender spray for your sheets, super deluxe mattress and pillows, eye pads (all this stuff in a cute little bag sitting on your bed) OH and the hotel had its own little gift bag on the desk! STUFFED with flavored pop corn, candies ect .....from local merchants, very cute! FORGET about the construction around the hotel it is not a big deal. All the amenities out way the difference. This is a fine pick for a airport hotel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BigSausage
<Content>Great Stay I used the stay and park package at the crown and had a very good impression of the property. The desk staff were a little aluff but helpful, the welcome pack was a surprise and kept our grandson with munchies for the evening. We also received a couple of coupons for free appetizers and beer which were very welcome and unexpected. They are working on the road in front of the hotel but it's easy to maneuver. I will use this property again when flying out of Phoenix.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dace2huds
<Content>Over Night Ok Name say's it all, very close to airport!! Single night stay-over was fine, room clean and had all the aminities of higher priced chains. 24 hour construction ongoing on all roads leading too this hotel causes a bit of confusion but that isn't the hotels fault, the hotel clearly mark there entrance and exits. If you need a place for stop over this is it. Use priceline and lowball they will except your offer.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>travelfrmaz
<Content>Decent, Find Better Nearby I stayed here one night for a business meeting the next day. Upon getting to the room it was afternoon and I tried to call room service several times with no answer. I then called the front desk and then transfered me there and still no answer. Finally after one final attempt someone answered. I will say that the chicken cesear salad was great and the service was prompt, if you can get them to answer the phone. No charge for wireless service was nice too. I was on the executive level so there was no need really to go downstairs for anything. We had our own room where beverages were served and food in the evening till 9pm and then again the morning. Was very nice. I expected the rooms to be nicer since they were executive level but they werent. Its just a basic hotel room and we had two double, or queen beds. The beds were nice and comfortable. The A/C unit was noisey though. You couldnt open the windows as they advertise as they were screwed shut tight. There was also no screens on the windows either so opening the window might not be so good anyways. The front desk was helpful though and everyone there was nice when it came to hellos and goodbyes. However I do think that you can get a cheaper and nicer room nearby if that is where you want to be. The parking is okay but not secure as they say. Never saw the security driving around or anything. Maybe I just missed him or something. If you're just wanting something close to the airport for a quick trip to the airport its okay, however if you want something nicer then look elsewhere. There are quite a few places close by that are much nicer.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Guard your personal property First off, the streets in front of the property are under construction. My main problem was the fact that my hair products were taken by the hotel staff and no compensation was ever arranged. I was told they would call me back once they reviewed the card key report and never did they apologize or provide information as to how to contact their corproate office to complain. They seemed to cater to the coporate traveller vs. the corporate traveller on vacation. I would never stay at this hotel as they were very rude when I continued to ask what happened to my personal belongings. In fact, the front desk manager advised that we were suppose to take all of our things with us daily. Wow, this was the hotel that made my list of the worst places to stay.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jenlam18
<Content>Best place to stay if you want to be close to the airport!   showReview(5017171, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chasrich
<Content>Fair   showReview(4695082, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Leejl
<Content>Never Going Back   showReview(4126746, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sco0437
<Content>Ok, but only if you have an early flight   showReview(4089614, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great stay!   showReview(3705821, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not really a 4-star hotel!   showReview(3547525, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Comfortable, Quiet, Clean and Convienent   showReview(3528590, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TazmanSanDiego
<Content>A-W-F-U-L   showReview(3342665, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A+ for convenience   showReview(1151205, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

